["Everything was OK. I actually recommend.", "I originally purchased this watch well over two years ago, but through an unfortunate accident broke it.  The break was in no way indicative of he quality of the watch, but the result of freakishly bad luck.  Regardless,  I have spent the last two plus years trying to replace it, & find its equal.  I have had no luck until I stumbled across it again in Amazon.  Love this watch, & would seriously recommend it to anyone.", "Ok ... for starters, I paid $38.00 for this watch ... this watch locally is very hard to even find & retails for over $200.00 ... mine arrived from a retailer in NYC & I have to commend them on the extremely fast shipping & care in packaging this watch for USPS ... mine arrived in flawless condition. The dial is easy to read in extreme light conditions, super easy to set, & I was blown away by the fact it has two time zones, I do believe this little detail is omitted in the product description, or maybe I just didn't look hard enough, not matter. Folks gotta tell ya ... another product here on Amazon.com that deserves a solid 5 stars out of 5 stars. Nice job Nike, Amazon & hats off to Jomashop to filling the order.", "I LOVE this watch!  We bought it for our son 2 years ago and I don't think it has EVER been off his wrist!! The band finally gave up and he is lost without the watch!  I will be buying 2 more of these watches so that he is never without one again.  I should add that my son is very, very active and this watch has spent a lot of time under water and BMXing!!  I truly feel we got our money's worth!", "It keeps great time, has great functionality and the power save feature means the battery last for a few years.  I'm quite happy with it.", "it's got an alarm, stop watch, timer, lap timer, 5 alarms actually, a water break alarm, water resistant, although don't go aggressive swimming with it because water leaked inside mine, and when it gets hot outside, water vapor rises to the glass dial and it blurs out the time...but other than that, it's a great watch, finest i've owned in terms of digital watch, i highly recommend it.", "This is an AWESOME watch - and the service was great.  The watch has a special locking wrist band, so that the watch doesn't fall off.  The service was excellent - I requested 3 day shipping, and got the product overnighted to me - that really helped me out.", "I didn't like the style.  The band was too small.  The watch seemed likeva womans watch so I returned it.", "I bought this watch for my son, a Marine, serving in Iraq, because he requested a sturdy digital with an alarm. This one had a large face which he says is extremely easy to read in any light, especially at night.It is comfortable, and sits close to the wrist with very little profile.He loves it, and asked me to order a second one because he wants a back-up!", "Buying my third one of these, Its a great sailing watch with an easy to adjust countdown timer, my only complaint is that the band only lasts a year or so before the rubber tears from the watch face thus rendering the watch useless as there is no way to replace the band.", "Well, it looks great, big numbers on display, good size and cool design.My big complain it's about the fragility of the wristband. If you dont take good care, it will break! And an original Nike wristband it's too expensive, almost the price of a brand new watch.So, if you want a resistent watch so you can pratice lots of sports and activities, look for some other watches... maybe a G-Shock.. that's what I done!", "I have enjoyed the oregon series watch.  It is good looking.  The band is comfortable and is holding up nicely.  The display is easy to read, and the light is quite good.  My one complaint is that the chronograph is often difficult to clear.  I run a good bit, and I was doing a workout the other day.  I had to keep holding down the clear button to get the old time off.  Other than that, I have enjoyed the watch immensely.  I thought the price was extremely reasonable as well.", "This watch looks and functions great but DO NOT put near water.  It will drown and leave you with a $$$ sinking feeling.  Watch Out for this one!  Bought a Timex next and still ticking, water and all!", "I loved this watch.. until it drowned and went to watch heaven.  I, like some who have reviewed this watch, made the assumption that \"H20 100M\" meant the watch was impervious to water.  Well, I was wrong.  I owned the watch for less than 2 years when on a recent trip to Cancun, condensation started forming inside the glass.  I just brushed it off since it was fairly humid where I was.  But when I decided to take a swim, it took its last breath and died.  The watch was great when dry.  I used the chronograph and timer many times plus the dual time was helpful traveling.", "I've had my watch for one year; it replaced an Oakley D1 (my primary basis for comparison).PROs:+Large, easy-to-read dial+Great stopwatch.  It allows you to stop and restart within the same lap. (Not possible with Oakley D1)+Good workout (stopwatch) memory and analysis features.+Very comfortable rubber band.  The strap keeper is a good invention.+Durable watch body & face.  Constructed of good materials (including mineral glass crystal).CONs:-Water leaked in and condenses on the inside of the crystal at times.-Alarm/Timer sound is VERY weak.-Does not allow simultaneous display of DAY and DATE during standard TIME function.  You can choose for either DAY of the week (TUE, etc.) or MONTH and DAY (NOV 30, etc.)-It is too easy to toggle the sound/chirp on and off.  I think this should be in the ADJUST mode so it is harder to change inadvertently.Overall, I think it's a good watch for ~$50.", "Very Unhappy with my purchase.  The watch is not as waterproof as it claims.", "This is a very nice watch. Really sporty and perfect for when your bouncing around town in some sweats and a t-shirt. The only thing that keeps this watch from being perfect is that it's very thick and raises high off of your wrist. Higher then what I expected. But overall, it's a good watch.", "This was a gift for my husband.  He loves it and it is a perfect watch for many occasions.  He uses it for casual wear and gym workouts.  No problems and it's a nice size for any guy.My husband can be picky about the size of watch faces and the way bands fit.  This one made him happy.", "its a decent watch, the strap is actually quite bigger than what it looks in the picture, its more like a belt actually,display is ok but very much prone to scratches,the plus point however is that its does have a good sporty look , just hope that it lasts long enough!", "I love the watch, and BikeSomeWhere.com got it to me quickly for free shipping (about 5 business days).  It's quite large, so be prepared for that - the strap is over an inch wide.  However, I have to take 1 star off for the fact that the strap color does not match the picture.  It says \"Desert\" on the packaging, but it's a darker color rather than the light color you see above - here is a more accurate picture.  I was hoping for the lighter colored band, but I like it enough to keep the dark band instead.", "This is a great watch. It has many functions, and is very stylish. I still haven't figured out all of its functions, yet I have gotten many compliments! Makes a really great gift.", "Bought this for my sister who has everything or what she doesn't have I can't afford.  She loved it.  It is sporty but nice.", "I like the color and it is beautiful, but it fits only in the left wrist (because of its design). Unfortunately I use watch only on right wrist.", "Very disappointed about this product. I've had it just few months and the metal around the front came off and I've not even exposed the watch to water or anything, even though it's supposed to be water resistant. You can tell that the metal was not glued properly to begin with. The band material is also not durable, the shiny coat on the plastic band is wearing off as well.Very delicate watch, not sporty at all...which is what one should expect of a Nike product.", "Not sure how it is, bought it as a gift; but since last decade I've been buying ONLY NIKE watches for myself I must say that is a trustworthy buy.", "Swanky sporting watch..got a true fit.I even purchased the gold its slightly different but just as nice.", "The band is held on to the case with a steel pin that passes through the plastic of the case. The hole for this pin is so close to the edge that it wears through in about 6 months and is un-repairable. Thinking that this was just a fluke, I purchased a replacement which lasted 3 months. Lesson learned. Otherwise, all the functions and display made my jock wife very happy until...", "It matches and design and color, so good and satisfied. And its delivery was very smooth.You must be satisfied, when you buy it.", "The watch was beautiful. The only thing is that I wish the tags weren't scratched off but other than that the actual watch was in good shape :)", "This watch looks great when viewing it from the same perspective as the photo, but the wrist band looks cheap compared to the watch face. Some may not mind given the material is used for a reason, but it just doesn&#8217;t seem to match the look of the watch face and doesn&#8217;t match the price.", "I'm an Arsenal fc fan and what a way to support my team!!!  Nice watch..Very stylish and sporty!!!  Like the fact that it has both day and date dials as well.  My only issue is that the face plate is purple but no big deal!!!", "Nice watch. Elegant and comfortable. If you are a Arsenal fan, you have to get it, not kidding, just awesome", "I bought this as a Bday gift for my friend, and he is a Die hard fan of Arsenal Soccer team. He just LOVED it and wears it everyday! I also loved the style of the dial.", "When my husband put this watch on we couldn't figure out how he was supposed to read the watch!  It was so weird!  If you are right handed you might be able to see this watch a bit better, but the strange angle of the dial face is still a bit tough.", "Cute for spring and comfortable. Like with all my tennis shoes I buy 1/2 size up! Love them so! Yay!", "Liked these, but they ran at least half a size too large.  I would have reordered in my size, however they are pretty stiff.  I was surprised because I know this sneaker is pretty popular.  I was looking for more of a comfort fashion sneaker...tough search.", "I am a schoolbus driver and had been searching for a nice looking digital watch I can look at in a glance. Its often dark in the mornings and I needed a watch that lights up. I find most digital watches really ugly. This watch is really nice looking, and if the band was nicer I would of kept it. The quality was great but the band is not leather and is really bulky and uncomfortable.", "Not as advertised. Expected a digital watch with a day and date. Display not functional.  Pain in the butt to set up.", "This watch was a gift for my sister, who loves purple. When it arrived, it was perfect. She wanted a sporty watch and this was it. At the same time, it was stylish and classy enough to stand up to a nice going out outfit. Perfect watch!", "I ordered this Nike watch thinking it was pretty neat, but when I received it, I REALLY REALLY liked it! It's wonderful.  I don't have to take it off to wash dishes or shower or swim. It isn't too big and bulky.  I am a teacher of small children, and I wanted to make sure the watch I wear is one that doesn't scratch the children.  It is just perfect. If this watch gets so worn out that I can't use it, I will order the exact same watch again (maybe a different color though!!).", "it's kind confusing to adjust the time and date at first, but overall it is a good simple watch.", "I was so exited when I recieved the watch 2 weeks ago but, and then I opened the box, the watch looked really nice as I expected but it didn't work so I have to return it the next day. I am still waiting for my refund.", "This is a comfortable and great looking watch. But the beeper volume isn't adjustable and the beeper is almost inaudible indoors and completely inaudible outdoors in the mildest traffic and weather conditions. I have excellent hearing; anyone with any hearing impairment probably won't be able to hear it at all.  I bought it for interval training for running and have to return it. A real shame, because otherwise it's great.", "Love this watch im far sighted so the numbers bering so large is great, and keeps great time had for more than a year and has only lost few secs.", "I love this watch!  Its sporty, without looking like a traditional sports watch.  This is my new everyday watch and I love it!", "This is a very nice watch. The only problem with it is the band; somehow, the material collects dust and is difficult to clean. Otherwise, the watch looks trendy and functional.", "I can wear it next to my fitbit flex on my non-dominant wrist (it might the a little annoying with so much on my dominant wrist)....It also looks great.  I got a compliment last weekend about it from a bridesmaid while working (I'm a wedding photographer).... so it dresses up just as well as it dresses down.Furthermore, I wear it ALL the time - even when sleeping or showering.  It's very waterproof for basic wear (I haven't swam with it on, but I don't often swim).... I have run with it (I'm a distance runner).... so it's both comfortable and durable.My only complaint and the reason I gave it 4/5 stars is because the tail end of the watch is discolored. The watch strap is (obviously) champagne, but the end of the strap is a dark grey... it looks a little dirty.  It doesn't bother me too much though nor does it stop me from wearing the watch, but it may bug others.", "These are my favorite pair of shoes I have ever and probably will ever own.  They are comfortable and stylish and can be worn with casual jeans and tee shirts or even leggings and a cute sweater! I LOVE THEM", "This is a great shoe. Very comfortable and not to wide like the other 9.5 air force's I own.  &#34;Gut em an swicth the laces&#34;", "I've had this watch for a long time now, almost 5 years and I cannot wear another watch because I'm in love with this watch, I wore it every day since I got it and now it is at its limit because it's about to break and the battery is dying and I was hoping to buy another like it (black/red) because if it does break I do not think I could wear another watch too bad they're hard to find now :'(", "Excellent having the easy/hard interval timer.Don't like having to hold button so long to reset stopwatch.Taking on a little water behind the screen, will need to send back to Nike.Comfortable for surfing without a wetsuit (large size would interfere with wetsuit).I'd like to know if there's a better model that has a similar interval timer and is just as easy to read.", "I bought this watch for Training and Work Out purposes and it does the job well.", "Great watch, very tough. It used it for work for years and it still looks brand new. the battery died about 3 years after i bought it. I got lots of compliments on it's design from the guys. The girls hated it though lol", "Watch is great for the excercise junkie.  Interval timer is very convienent for interval running, allows you to concentrate on running instead of the time.", "Glad I made this purchase. The watch is large, but it is a conversation piece when people discover the digital face and high tech design features.The price was a deal.", "This is a great looking watch. Keeps accurate time and very easy to use. I love how you can see the time while running and the timer is counting. Glad I made this purchase.", "This is a fantastic watch - it's got a good, chunky frame but is very light and the display is large and easy to read. Ordered it from watchsavings through amazon and saved about 40% based on what nike.com was asking.", "Don't expect a watch that can play music or tell you to get the groceries. This watch is a very simple sports watch. The band is going to last a long time as should the face. I got it for working out and paintball because it's all black and sleak looking. Don't expect this watch to go with your night-life outfits. Just stick to the working out and sports.", "Very comfortable, the only problem i have with them (other then that they get dirty so easily) is that they are very heavy and it feels like I am walking on blocks of wood. Also around the toe of the shoes the leather wrinkles up and i cant do anything to fix it!!", "They are very hard in the inside when walking in them so if you plan to walk in them for awhile you better go to Target/Wal-mart and get some cushioned insoles for comfort and they look like knock offs.", "True to size. I bought these for my 17 yr old son for a gift and he loved them! Quality product for half the price they are in the malls m", "i got this for my husband as a gift, and he really likes the watch a lot!  he has no complaints about it that i can tell, i highly recommend this watch.  the price is reasonable too.", "I have used Nike watches for all of my run timing for many years. I have been very happy with the previous versions that I've had except for one thing - they are designed so that you can't really replace the battery on your own. That means every time I need a new battery I have to go to the Fast Fix place in the mall and pay a third of the price of the watch just to get a new battery put in.So when I saw the New Nike Triax Speed 300 on the web site with the feature that it had a battery compartment for easy replacement, I was sold. However, now that I've had the watch for a while, I am disappointed in a number of the other changes that they made in how it operates -to the point that I am thinking about pulling my old watch out of the drawer and heading for the mall.Changes I don't like:- The light for the dial. In my previous version, you could press and hold the light button and then any subsequent buttons of any kind that you pushed would cause the light to come on. That's great for when I am running in the dark. Every time I took an interval, the dial would light up and I could see the time. The new Triax dropped that feature. Now every time you want to light it up you have to hit the light button. So that means multiple button presses each time I want to take an interval in the dark.- The old watch had a way to set it so every button push would cause an audible beep. That's a nice feature so that you are sure you hit the lap button, etc. The new one has that as well, but for some strange reason they tied that to the feature that has the watch beep every hour. I don't want to have the watch beep at the top of the hour as that is way to Geeky for me, but there is no choice.- For the data saving part of the new watch they eliminated recording the date and time with the run. I tend to save up a week or two's worth of runs and then copy the data into my spreadsheet. It was easy when the dates were there to remember which day that was, what loop I took, etc. Now it is much more of a guessing game.That's it, pretty minor stuff I guess, but I really liked the way the old watches worked and really got used to the way they operate.", "\"The big numbers show you your total time, lap time or both with the push of a button.\"This description isn't completely true.  The total time is not visible after hitting the split button (only the last split is visible).", "Thanks for your prompt service, and I really like the unique styling of this watch.", "Just received them. They are comfortable and look good. Different!I was affraid as I hace seen comments that stated that the model runs thin...but they are ok", "I had surgery on one foot so they fit a little tight on that one but good on the other. I love the boots they are some of the most comfortable I have ever worn.", "I love nike ACG shoes.  I bought these shoes and recieved two right shoes.  That would've been great for me and my one legged friend.  I had to send them back and the seller didn't have any more in stock.  they looked like great shoes and the right one fit wonderfully.  I'd like to meet the guy with two left shoes and we'd both be happier.", "I needed a watch to replace my previous Nike watch for swimming. This watch has excellent visability and seems to be reliable, and most importantly, waterproof. The old Nike watch I had was reliable and is still working but the way the band attached to the watch caused it to break and is unrepairable. The price and quality of this unit is terrific.", "Good watch for running - lightweight and has sufficient features for its price. Been using it for a month now and I'm happy with it. Good value for your $$.", "I bought this watch for my husband because he needed one and I thought this would fit his needs.  My husband is very finicky when it comes to his running apparel and accessories.  He seems to really like it and has gotten several compliments on it.  The face is large enough to easily read with a quick glance.  Which is especially important when one is at the age that they need either longer arms or larger print.", "I love this running shoe.  Over the years I have bought this style in updated versions.  It is a good running shoe that is not as expensive as some of the other shoes you might buy.", "These are my first Nike shoes and, to be honest, I was expecting more from the so famous brand.Don't get me wrong, I like the shoes. I just don't see the extra value for being a Nike's.As said before, they are very light. They are basketball's shoes, they need to be light.They are also very confortable for walking and every day use.I just don't like the touch of feather like flaps on the sides (like silk). They are a little too fashionist for my taste.Overall, these go nice with most jeans and casual wear.", "I am a huge fan of Nike Air and decided to purchase another style of Nike  these shoes rock in style.. you cannot see it clearly but the soles are peppered with colored polka dots coordinated to match the upper sole. I purchased two pairs in different colors. ( red) and .( purple)... I gave 4 stars because I believe the comfort level was a bit lower than my Nike Air.", "I love these shoes! they are awesome, i've only had them for about a week, but i'm not disapointed at all. definitly a nike free customer from now on! :)only downsize is not having 1/2 sizes", "Wish they still made this shoe.  I love Nike Air Pegasus and have been wearing them for years.  great shoe,", "Great shoe.Bought a pair last year.I  where them for zumba class . Love them so much wore them out had to find same shoe .Had tough time finding until i look on Amazon.Thanks you Amazon . Made my biryhday.", "These shoes are great for people who like to walk alot, but terrible running shoes i think.. They are entirely too heavy on the feet and cause the individual to do all the work. but for walking they are great, you can walk 10/ 20 miles in them but can't run 3. and that's just my opinion..", "The shoes were delivered in a timely manner. Shoes were exactly how they were pictured and were pleased. Will shop with this company again.", "Way too big for a running shoe. It's more of a basketball type of shoe.", "love the style and colors of this shoe they really flow well together. very comfortable good arch support and comes with orange laces", "THESE SHOES ARE NICE BUT THEY ARE TOO NARROW TOWARDS THE TOE.  IF YOU HAVE WIDE FEET THESE ARE DEFINATELY NOT THE SHOES FOR YOU.", "Love them! So glad I bought these shoes. They are definitely worth the money and I couldn't find this size and color in stores. Super comfortable even with my high arched feet", "Shoes fit very well and are really comfortable.  Im on my feet most of the night and needed a shoe that wouldn't make my feet ache and these do the job. Love them.", "These Jordans are comfortable and very creative looking pair... I like Jordans. But these Jordans came to me with a scuff fixed it and they were brand new! Love it!", "I ordered my sneakers and when I received them I was very pleased. Seller shipped quickly, I have ordered before from the west coast and living in Florida it usually takes a week or more but not this time. Sneakers were the Air Jordan 2009. Very beautiful shoe, brand new as described but most importantly they were 100% authentic!", "they are very gray, I thought they were green and white or maybe a light gray.  They are very gray and I do not like them.  If you purchase them you have to pay for the shipping to send them back and reorder new ones.  They are very narrow in width.", "I truly do love these ACG boots.  Great color, (I love purple) and extremely durable.  I plan to use them all winter and then some.", "I love the colors of my shoes and they are very comfortable but the air pocket in my right shoe has sprung a leak. This occured through normal wear, not from heavy running or extreme workouts and it happened after only a month or two. I still wear them and don't really notice that much of a comfort difference but they make some squealing noise when air is released from my busted shoe.", "These as Nike says about the Presto, \"fit like a t-shirt\". Only these are half dunks/ half presto...which means they are made from the same material as Presto's but in the Dunk format. Quite awesome.", "These shoes are comfortable, fit well and don't hurt my feet.  I don't like the color, though.", "Used the Triax 11 last year and needed new one, got the Triax 12 and was just as comfortable as it's predecessor. One thing though, the back of the left heel isn't as good of a fit as before. Been wearing down the skin where my achilles meets my heel. Been wearing a band aid on that spot to prevent abrasion. Your milage may vary.", "Bought these to wear to work as I am in Law Enforcement. They are lightweight for a boot of this nature and comfortable. Great traction and sturdily constructed. Also look nice as well.", "only one little and stupid thing need to be mentioned is that the size is a little bit small and narrow than what it was marked~~~some of my friends told me that it is the \"tradition\" of Nike~~~anyway enjoy itBTW, i got it from some small seller with a discount price since they only have the size which is exactly the ones I need~~~", "This is a very good running shoe for people with sensitive feet like myself. The shoe is very flexible and well padded without being too heavy or boxy. Shipping was prompt, and the shoes actually look better in person.", "i don't know what happen but my shot got better and moves got more crisp once i put these shoes on.", "This pair of air force 1 07 are hard to find.Good pair of sneakers to purchase.", "I have problems with my heals so these sneakers fit like slippers!!!  I love them, I have purchased two styles in the &#34;FREE&#34; fit", "I have only had these shoes for a short period of time, but running on a tredmill and outdoors is so easy. Very soft cushioning and are well worth the price. Nike + is also great if you use it.", "These are the most comfortable pair of Nike's that I have ever owned.  They are so light yet sturdy I could wear them all day. I also get many complements on them.", "I wore this pair of boots for the first 3 years I moved to WI from TX and they kept my feet warm and dry- even through slushy snow. Also they are very cute and feel like a sneaker. Finally the plastic that holds them up broke and went through the fabric and cut up my ankle. But I'd say I got my money's worth. Would buy another pair if I wasn't moving back to TX. They were wonderful while they lasted. Usually wear a 7 1/2 but got an 8 and they fit like a charm even with wool socks. I highly recommend.", "These shoes are very comfortable. I like white color and they are very comfortable. I wore them in tournament and practice.", "These shoes are not exactly trendy, but they are durable (3rd yr.) supportive and waterproof.  As good as dry joys which I usually buy.", "This thing looks like a carbon fiber BOOT. Love the look of it, and I get lotta compliments when I step on the court. In use, the shoe is average in weight, and it takes some breaking-in. Out of the box, it's really stiff and actually chafes the back of my leg (the tender area where the pull-up loop is located). Ultimately, traction is good, and there's good ankle support, but the fit is a little narrow for my taste. I wear 10.5 for most Nikes and that's what I ordered here. Maybe order half a size up if you have wider feet.", "These shoes fit and look great, the top is a little shiny looking like carbon fiber. Good for sport or to go to the mall.", "my grandson just loved this pair of shoes, jordan fan and loved basketball great fit comfy fit and good grip", "We bought these shoes for our 17 year-old grandaughter and she has now decided that she is only going to wear Nikes! The shoe is much nicer looking than the photo, the colour is better and brighter,she says they are really comfy and you can't beat the price! Great shoe!", "I've been wearing nike high tops exclusively for 15 to 20 years. these are the worst i've ever owned.I always wear black high tops. nothing flashy. no more than a couple of colors. something basic.  When it was time to get some new shoes (i think they now design the soles to come off prematurely so that you have to buy new shoes) i checked a couple of nike outlet stores and could only find super flash basketball shoes.  After giving up i decided to try google and found that they do in fact still make basic looking high tops. i found a particular style and located it here and couldnt be happier with the cosmetics.  Of course i knew it was a gamble buying shoes online without trying them, but ive never been dissatisfied with my nikes before, even the pair i bought on amazon a number of years ago.when the shoes finally came in i was not let down cosmetically but when i went to put them on i couldnt get my foot in comfortably without loosening the laces on the top 3 or 4 lace holes. otherwise i have to stomp my foot into them.  Once my foot was in they were comfortable. its just getting it through the tops of the shoe. there is a loop on the back to hold the shoe back up to slide your foot in easier, but its so stubby that i cannot grip it properly when putting my foot into the shoe. i figured this would get easier as they broke in but that did not happen.thats all find and dandy, but my main reason for writing the review is to let it be known that these shoes could cause an injury.  From day one, i have not been happy with absorption of shock under my foot. come to think of it i dont think there is any arch support at all in these - its barely a step up from walking without any shoes. its not comfortable, but it doesnt hurt so i figured \"oh well\". well a couple of months later, i start noticing this pain in my left foot arch. I do a lot of walking for my job (work in a hospital) so i figured maybe it was that, but i've been doing it for over 2 years and have not had a problem yet.  I also havent changed any other walking patterns or habits. I assume the pain will pass but after 2 weeks it has only gotten worse. I do some research and find that my symptoms fit textbook Plantar Fasciitis, which one of the causes is bad shoes.so i found some gel insoles and have put them in these things, to try and salvage them.  Hopefully this, along with the recommended stretching and excercises, makes my Plantar Faciitis subsideI will never order shoes online again and, if i cant find anything cosmetically appealing in a store, will not order nike's again.", "The shoes are great, exactly as ordered but the postal charges from the US to Australia are much more expensive than from Europe.", "Just started getting back into running, and the Nike Free's were perfect. I go on 10-milers every Saturday and have yet to feel shin splints and the like. These are perfect if you are starting to run again.", "It is original design shoe style but I just really like the Nike Free shoe style.  I wish Nike would bring it back.", "My oldest grandson loved them. That is saying alot, cause he is a fashion guro!!! lol Thank you very much...", "I love this shoe.  I bought 4 pair before they got scarce, now I scour auction sites to pick up whatever I can find.  In this design the tongue and upper foot all one piece.  I like it because their is no tongue to mess with.  In hot climates it breathes really well, and it's really light.  If you made me say one bad thing about this shoe the only thing I could come up with is the slots in the soles sometimes pick up gravel that you have to pick out.  I've had Nike shows that I have had to buy +1 size to fit; these fit as marked.  If you are a size 11.5, and you wear these without socks, you are not going to have a lot of room at your toes.  Buy a half size bigger if you are going to climb up and down trails.", "Probably the best gym shoe I've had in a while. Amazingly comfortable. If you've never worn 'barefoot' shoes before, work your way in to them- trust me, it's worth it.", "Quick Shipping. Nice shoes, although I wasn't prepared for the material. Also the shows are kind of hard to get in and out of. I also don't like the way they look on my feet when looking straight down (they flatten out) but over all they're quite comfortable and look nice. While they're decent shores I probably won't but nike sweet highs again.", "I bought the shoes hoping they would fit good and they fit great and they look good,they are my favorite shoes and I wear them all the time, and I would buy another pair again", "In person, they are way better.  The picture really doesn't do them much justice.  I ordered these for a family member.  She loves them.", "I ordered these shoes and got them in the mail with the leather all wrinkled, I was extremely disappointed. Defiantly not worth $150", "I bought these recently and really like them. They are incredibly comfortable and very light as well. They are pricey but definitely worth it.", "These are the best pair of sunglasses that i have ever owned. they fit perfectly and dont move around while doing any kind of physical activity. i love them.", "Took these to Israel for a month. They fit and work like a dream. The ear pieces are really long but flexible and actually make the glasses fit better. The nose piece has some soft rubber ridges which look uncomfortable but instead make the nose piece breathable and very comfortable while keeping a good grip on your nose bridge.", "The glasses are great - i have been using the Nike's for cycling since 2000 and I have never been disappointed. I just wish I would stop misplacing them.", "If you had the last version of these, you will notice the sides got a big large, so your vision will be affected some, you'll  notice a blig spot on your extreme left and right. However, they sit remotely comfortable, these glasses (like most) take time to conform to your head. So be patient, you will enj\\oy them. Those nose cushions are huge, only reason why I stayed the same make. So far so good.", "My son plays D1 college soccer, so we decided to get him a new pair of cleats for the spring season.  We ordered the Nike Total 90 Laser III FG in March, 2012, and in less than 1 month studs were breaking off both boots.  I contacted the company Highkickz, who Amazon orders through, and they refuse to do anything.  Once the item is worn, whether 1 day or 1 month, it is your problem.  Nike will not do anything either because apparently neither Amazon nor Highkickz are authorized to sell their products. In a nutshell, Nike says it's Highkickz's problem and Highkickz says it's Nike's problem. I question whether these cleats were defective to begin with.  So unless you feel $140.00 is worth 1 month of wearing time, I suggest you go elsewhere!!", "These shoes are very comfortable and they run true to size.  There was a break-in period because I usually wear a size 12 in boots, so I took a risk getting the 11.5 for these Nike Total90 Laser III.", "How do you expect someone to buy from you if you don't put a size!", "Nike Air Force 1 shoes are the most comfortable sneakers I have tried on.  Great quality, love the shoe, and I will be purchasing more.  This is the real deal, not a Nike knock off!", "I love these sunglasses.  I had to get a second pair because my wife stole the first ones!", "The Nike Skylon Ace with the Anthracite Max Speed Tint is great.  Great fit and lightweight. Fits my face perfect and no outside reflection comes through the sides.  The arms either lock open or lock closed; no in between action on arms.  The lens gives a slight reddish highlight to everything making golf greens reading more clear.  The downside is that because they are so lightweight, they feel like they could break when opening or closing the arms (just a feeling..not sure about the real strength of the product).  I love them though...great fit, no slippage, and so lightweight I can hardly feel them; play golf and tennis in them.", "I am very happy with this purchase. Wearing it while driving, doing sports and daily casual. Very light and comfortable. Thanks.", "The frames are lightweight and fit snug. the max speed lenses are great, they do not darken your sight picture like other lenses, they remove glare and make things very crisp. I use these for high speed driving, they are outstanding for driving.", "Normally I don't like purchasing shoes without trying them on but decided to take a chance on these. I am very pleased with these shoes. Solidly constructed and durable. Surprisingly comfortable for me as well.", "I have always enjoyed the quality of this particular model of Nike shoe since they seem to last forever.  However, these shoes seem to be running smaller than ever, and I have always bought this same model of shoe.  Also, some of the stitching is a little uneven, which makes the quality seem less than my previous shoes.  After awhile they seemed to stretch to fit a little better and I only hope the durability matches the previous versions that I have owned.", "not sure if it comes accross well on pc  but shoes looked great and were as desired ive tried to research them to see if theyare authentic but if they are im verypleased with there quality", "\"Son hermosos los lentes, en realidad quede fascinada, c&oacute;modos, deportivos y a la vez elegantes!!!Estoy enamorada de mis lentes, y el precio, excelente! Muchas Gracias.\"", "The glasses look exactly as the photo. You get exactly what you see, but not what is in the product description, or was I fooled?? The description states grey with blue flash lenses and feature an interchangeable lens. The glasses came looking just like the picture, a dark charcoal frame (almost black), white on the inside and smoked lenses... where's the blue flash lens??? I do not see any blue lenses... and the product may &#34;feature&#34; interchangeable lenses, but it does not come with any. The interchangeable lenses are $40-$90 a pair on amazon. Almost as much as an additional pair of glasses. Very disappointed. I have three pairs of &#34;older&#34; Nike interchangeable sunglasses and all three pairs came with a harder case, lens pouch AND a second pair of lenses (one dark and one light). I'm disappointed that Nike has become so cheap that they do not give any interchangeable lenses with a pair of INTERCHANGEABLE lens sunglasses. I wish the description stated that &#34;in the box&#34; you get only the sunglasses and an empty pouch.My personal opinion would be to buy a second pair of these with the lens you want rather than the overpriced lenses. This way you would at least get a second frame for just about the same price.", "Sits firmly on my head, comfortable and good and clear vision. great sunglasses!Had Nike sunglasses before and they got scratched.", "I bought these for golfing and they provide great high definition, especially in bright light. They work well for driving (a car) too! They are darker than I expected and I think they would do well in bright snow light. The down side is that they may be too dark in the lower light. I walked into a thick woods to search for my golf ball and I had to remove them. But no lens is going to function perfectly in all conditions. The frame is comfortable and durable. Then, however, I had them in my jacket pocket and when I bent over to pick something up they got piched between my quad muscle and my Molson muscle and they snapped in half! So much for durabilty. They should have never broken that easily. I'm trying to send them back now. Apparently I can receive partial credit but don't know the details. To be continued.", "comfortable frames.  not convinced that the lens i chose does what the nike website claimed, that the lens would make it easier to see in contrasting light situations: shadows and bright sunlight.  also the lens are difficult to swap in and out.", "The sun glasses lack a piece of glass on the left side, so actually i received sun glasses that is damaged sun glasses.I am upset because it is not cheap price.....I am sure it was hurt before it was mailed to me since the glasses bag has no piece of glass left there.It is not right way to do so. Can I get some money back?", "Great product, and no more considerations to tell, write ou manifest from anything means to do this, and so on.", "The sunglases are best of the best....nice vision in the morning and in the afternon....I like style. ...I like color", "I rarely complain about amazon, but I must post a small gripe. The photo to the left do not match the glasses you receive. The photo depicts a blueish frame surrounding the glass and a white exterior for the remaining portion of the frame. The glasses I received (twice) are totally dark blue on the outside of the frame and white on the inside. I may be being picky, but I like the color scheme of the pictured glasses. I returned the first pair and chatted with an amazon rep. before ordering a second pair (only to get the same pair on my second go around). Don't get me wrong I do like the glasses, they just aren't the color of the glasses I thought I was getting.", "This sunglasses fit great and look good. I love running in them. For the price they are a great deal. I recieved the sunglasses in only two days and the box even included a Twizzler. I am very happy with the sunglasses.", "As stated by a previous review , we also received the wrong color, I like the glasses but it isn't what is in the picture. I'm not a fan of returning things so I will just keep them.", "I look pretty well with them. They just do what they have to do at a great price. They are the best running glasses I could find.", "The Nike Skylon Ace is an awesome pair of glasses. Had mine about a year. Very tough and durable. I originally bought them for golfing and biking. Recently I wore them on a thirty hour cross country drive. You know how sunglasses can begin to bore in and hurt after wearing them for a long period? The nose piece on these is great. Absolutely no problems. I purchased a second pair just because.Nike Skylon Ace Sunglasses", "The lenses are great -- minimal distortion and dark-but-not-too-dark. The fit is great on my face, and they stay on. This pair has good symmetry and sits square on my face.But... after just short of a year of use, the soft plastic nosepieces have, well, not exactly melted, but turned into a squishy mass of disgusting gross stuff. Otherwise the glasses are still fine, but I'm not putting *that* on my face. Yuck. I don't think I left them in the sun. Did I maybe leave them in the car? In the glove compartment? Why didn't the rubber on the earpieces melt as well? The car is garaged too,.. and if I am going out in the heat, I'm *wearing* them...not leaving them in the car. Strange and awful.There's no \"customer support\" on the nike vision web site. What do you do if your sunglasses don't live up to the promise?", "I got these for my husband.  Now my uncle and my kids want them too.  Great clarity and comfortable fit.", "I use these for golf and love them.  has interchangeable lenses but I stayed with the outdoor.  nice if you can find them", "the zoom air cushioning is responsive and bouncy.  the padding around the ankle takes a little getting used to but does keep the foot locked down into the shoe probably better than any other basketball shoe i've played in.  things were really looking up for this being a GREAT shoe to hoop in.  BUT there's one HUGE design flaw that I painfully found out about.  on the lateral side of the shoe (where the jumpman logo is) there are a bunch of overlapping parts that all gather together at one point and create a hard sharp point right where the outer part of your pinky toes are.  this is not really a problem if your just walking in them but after playing ball in them for a short while your notice it and if you keep playing that hard point will begin to painfully poke into your pinky toes and scrape them.", "i love these shoes and the price was great! they fit perfect, and i love the color. i wear them all the time, highly recommend them!", "This Nike is a very good product. The insole is comfortable, and designed creatively cut with added detail of navy blue and white to simulate the school book.", "I didn't receive the exact item I ordered, I sent the vendor an E-mail to make sure I get the exact item, they told everything was fine but in the end it was a lie, they just wanted to make sure the sale is concreted.It was other design and color, different to the picture displayed when I was completing the purchase.", "I'm certainly not a fanatical runner, but I do run quite a bit. I have flat feet, and am a heel/toe runner, so the cushioning in the Air Pegasus is perfect for me. Not the lightest running shoe, but they breathe fine and keep my feet cool", "This is the only shoe my husband will wear. He loves the Nike Pegasus. This year's shoes was a little to neon for him, so we ordered these. He loves them!!!", "Due to my weigth (200+ pounds) I need extra cushion. The shoe is very comfortable, comes with Nike+. Is the Correct size.", "This shoe lacks cushioning for the toes and mid area.  Not good if you going to be cross training you can hurt your toes which are the weakest bones on the feet.  Good for running on pavement and heel striking", "Bought these for my 14 yr-old to use as his basketball game shoes, and although they've lost all of the games so far 0-8, his feet seem very satisfied.", "i use these for rugby and very clean and cool looking! shipped on time and without a hastle. very light and ventilated for being quick on your feet i highly reccommend!", "when i recieve the air max 2009 they were brand new still in the box they fit very comfortable and they are just what i wanted i have no complaints", "I purchased these shoes because they are sooo cute! At first they were the most comfortable shoe I'd ever owned. Now I rarely wear them because they hurt my feet if I wear them too long. I wore them often, so it may just be because I wore them out. Unfortunately, I paid too much for them to wear out without a few  years use. It is also important to mention that I have very low arches, therefore it is difficult for me to find shoes that are comfortable. For those of you who have regular arches, I definitely recommend these shoes. They will most likely be much more comfortable for you then they were for me.", "More than I expected!  I received my frames not sure if the would work seeing my old frames were discontinued, so I took the  three numbers off my old Nike frame and kept my fingers crossed! although the model number was no match, the glass frames in the picture looked the same!  to my surprise! The frames not only fit my lens perfect, but they had a magnetic pair of sunglasses that attached to the new frames also! Delivery was faster than expected and the quality was excellent !  Thank you!", "I ordered these and a few days later i was contacted and they advised me this color was out of stock - I contacted the seller and the customer support was great. They gave me the option to wait for the item to be in stock ( 2-3 weeks), however, i requested a different color. They had no issues changing the color i requested and my glasses arrived right on time. I was promised a free cleaning kit with my order due to the item not being available and it still hasn't arrived but over all they have pretty good support.", "Nothing to do w/the seller, but these shoes are extremely uncomfortable ... Arrived on time ... just not pleased w/the shoe.  I bought these to wear at the gym and are the most uncomfortable style of Nike shoe that I've ever worn.  My feet hurt soooo horribly after my workout that I had to actually take them off in the car so I could drive home in comfort.  Unfortunately, since I wore them out I am unable to return them so am now stuck w/a pair of shoes that I will never wear again.  I guess I should have stuck with the Nike Torch shoe; was previously happy with those.", "My daughter played on the varsity basketball team as well as AAU Club basketball.  She loved these shoes because they are so light, but also have ankle support as she has ankle troubles.", "Been wearing Niky sunglasses for a while, but this one is just perfect...ProsPrice was goodClear visionPretty good shape and materialsConsI would like it had interchangable lenss, but is not a big deal!", "Purchased for my son who's an athlete.  He loved them on and off the court/field. I would order again especially if they go in sale.", "I love them thanks I would buy more of them I have a black pair just like these it's the only kind I wear as they don't hurt my feet", "Excellent sneaker and conford for big kids, I recommend these shoes to anyone and specialy a great buy and price .", "shoe runs small had to return the shoes.  No problems with returns I just needed a larger size. returns made easy for these shoes", "These shoes are great. They fit to your feet comfortably. They have a great feel for the court. As a basketball player, these shoes are perfect. The ankle strap helps for ankle support for driving and making cuts.", "the picture is not showing its right color.  it looks red in the picture but it's pinkish, had to return it.", "Color great; very comfortable. I bought kids size for value and color. Nike is favorite sneaker. Thinking of getting another feels like walking on air", "My first Nike SB Stefan Janoski.This is DOPE! ^_^Loving it every-time I wear it.Head turner.One of the best color-way of Janoski's. Its rare nowadays.", "I usually LOVE Special K but for some reason I only got 2 pieces in the box and it tasted like rubber.", "I got these about three years back, and they were great. I used them for everything everyday, they are super comfortable and good locking they are just great all around. And after three years of abuse on them they looked so torn up I just had to throw them away also because the rubber on the bottom was almost all gone, but hey they lasted three years. I recommend these shoes to anyone looking for a pair that is super comfy and good looking. Hands down best pair of shoes I have ever owned. :)", "Found the LunarGlide 2+ after doing heaps of Internet/ consumer review research. I've been using these as my primary athletic shoe, especially for resistance training, for about 2 months. No complaints: these trainers are great looking and shockingly  comfortable, and are light as a feather. Nice work, Nike.", "These are the most comfortable shoes I've ever owned.  I have a black pair of 2009 Nike Air Max and I was wearing those everyday for a year before I broke down and bought these!  You can't go wrong with these shoes.  I'm flat footed and have absolutely no problems with my feet hurting when I wear these.", "These are one of the best sneakers that I have ever purchased.  I usually wear size 9, but I bought a 9.5 this time because I suffer with extreme foot pain, most of the time.  Well, this sneaker was awesome, I wear it to work nearly everyday and it is very comfortable.  I also walk a lot on the weekends and it is BOMB!!!  It is just right and what the doctor ordered.  My feet hurt less, and I really feel great about that....I'm looking for it in Black and whatever other colors that they do have ...in it...LOL!!!!", "This was purchased as a Christmas gift for my 13 year old cousin. He can only wear all black shoes/sneakers to school so I thought these would be perfect. The item was as advertised & arrived in a timely fashion. The box was a tad beat up but, I was creative during gifting. He normally wears a size 13 but, this sneaker ened up being to big...so I have to return them =^( but the overall quality and value is great. I'm going to try a 12 because for some reason this sneaker swallowed his foot...lol", "Love my new sneakers. These replaced a pair of FILA Ninety Six Triple Blacks that I have had for the past 5 years that I bought at a store in Norfolk VA.I wanted another pair of black sneakers and thank God Nike still makes an all black sneaker since the FILA triple blacks are discontinued.They arrived a week before the time deadline, and excepting for these 2 rubber straps that I have no clue where it goes on the shoe, fit me just perfectly. I am wearing these as I write this review. They are very comfortable after the break-in period off-course, and yes I will recommend them to everyone looking for a nice pair of sneakers.", "Like the Air Max 24/7's predecessor, the Air Max Plus, this running shoe offers superb cushioning and an excellent ride. The fit is quite comfortable and one of the best on the market for those that like excellent rebound throughout the entire foot. Despite its merits, however, (and also like its predecessor) the 24/7's durability for outdoor running on asphalt begins to fade at about the 300-mile mark. My current pair developed holes in the outer plastic-like part of the sole on the right shoe (not the left) at about 300 miles, which is entirely disappointing in proportion to the price. Although I bought my pair on sale and did not pay \"list price\", a good pair of running shoes should last closer to 500 miles; I have had earlier versions of the Air Max Plus last that long without encountering the problems that the latest ones have had.Overall, I would recommend this running shoe if you can get it on sale, but not at full price. There are others out there that will offer similar qualities at a lower price.", "Nice shoes, beatiful and elegant, I like itI don't know how much resistant are because I did't bought it for play basketball, I use it only for daily use.", "I have about 55 pairs of sneakers and I love ai force 1s. these make a great addition to my collection", "The boots are extremely light and when you pick them up you are shocked they are so light. My Lady loves them.  Virtually waterproof and keep her feet very dry she loves them.  We live in a snowy winter area and she has no complaints.", "Feel comfortable and cozy.Since I bought them I've received many compliments.Look like shown at websiteVery happy with my purchase!", "My son loves his shoes. They are light and easy for him to maneuver in. An added bonus is that they match school colors!", "Great football Cleats. The ankle support is unparalelled. They are heavy, especially for a wide reciever cleat, but after doing workouts in them, and practices My legs are strong and I am running at full speed and burning people off the line. If you need ankle support then these are the best I have used.", "Eye catching watch.  My friend in Thailand loves it and gets lots of compliments when he wears it. This is a popular brand there", "Excellent for sporting practice, my daughter love it and use it every time she play tennis . looks great, very confortable , light and great looking.", "Just recieved the package when I open the box, the product that was inside was not the Nike Triax watchvery so frustrating.Romeo D.", "They are perfect.... nice, fashion and very confortable!Original, non seen nowhere.Skinny leather adjust to feet perfectly.Easy to clean.Silver and black goes/matches with all clothes.", "The air bubles on one of the shoes popped which made wearing them feel really weird so I popped the other side and know anytime I wear them over 2 hours my lower back really hurts so I dont wear them as often as I had hoped I woudl when I first purchased them. Other than that its a very attractive shoe, but that doesnt do much good once the bubbles pop.If I would have brought directly from Nike I could have exchanged them due to the popped air bubble but because I brought them here that same guarentee doesnt come into play.", "This was my first pair of shoes I've ever ordered online - and I couldn't be happier.  Comfortable, light and inexpensive.", "These shoes are amazing! Feels like running on pillows.. The only problem is they only last a few months if your running a few days a week.", "excellent running shoes. even for big people like me you feel totally fine excesizing. they are very light to carry", "I received the wrong item and have had no luck contacting the company. This was part of a gift set that I was putting together and now my main item is not available. Very horrible experience. ....BUYER BEWARE.... YOU DON'T GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR BECAUSE THEY SEND THE WRONG ITEM...", "Excellent looking shoe", "Bought these for my husband for Christmas. He loves them - apparently these shoes are also featured on NBA 2K11 for 360.", "When these shoes came in, I fainted! they are very clean aand nicee. Definitely a getter without any hesitation.They exterior is nice, and the comfort is decent. They look nice with Levi Jeans cuffed up, I'd really recommend this product if you are thinking about purchasing it.", "Great shoes, very happy with the purchase of these.  Received as described, which was a pleasure. These shoes are difficult to find in my size, so I was excited to find these.  Great pricing and convenient shipping.", "Nobody at my school got thesemugs.They comfortable and soft. Myy feet stay warm and the arch suport is awesome. Would recommend.", "One of my favorite pair of Nike sneakers I own!  I still wear them over a year later and get tons of compliments on them!  A one of a kind Nike find!!", "Not one of the more expensive NIKE shoes, but definately very comfortable, durable and supports my feet during my training. Love them may buy every collor available", "this is my second pair of these shoes, the instant my shin splints returned I knew it was time to order a new pair. They are very light, yet very supportive", "I am very pleased, it is just what I expected.  My daughter had these shoes before but they were lost in a fire.  We saw these online and I decided to order them.  The product is exactley the same as if I bought them from the mall.  The delivery was on time, I am very pleased.", "Authentic Nike packaging, great colorway and arrived on est ship date. Since more words are required for review I wish I can find matching gear for the \"chlorine blue\".", "It is better than it looks in the picture. I had a white/blue AF1, but my friend said this was much better.", "These shoes were purchased for my son as a gift.  They were exactly what he wanted and were in the original box in great condition.  The only suggestion that I have for the seller is that it did not say that it was an ADULT size 11.  I was worried that this may have been a children's shoe.  Other sellers were very specific to note ADULT or CHILD.  Please add this to your postings so the buyer doesn't have to worry!  Of course, it all turned out well. It was an adult shoe and that is what I wanted.", "It was good to go. Nice shoe and fit well. It was what i expected. I would recomend to anyone as a good buy.", "The look is greatThe optical quality is very goodGood case to protect the sunglasses when storedI love it", "Not to dark or brite and comes with two lenses. I live in miami, florida so I can use year round for golf.", "A true old school shoe made with old school quality. Most comfortable shoes Ive owned. The new ones dont match the quality.", "This is a complete knock off shoe. My was made out of cardboard. Never again", "Understand that af1 is usually about .5 sz larger than other shoes. This is a great shoe and you could always just wear one of the nike elite socks to compensate for the extra space in your shoe.", "These shoes are nice as far as looks go but they are litle bit tight on the sides. I play Basketball once a week and I used the shoes couple times, they were fine as far as grip and sole goes and they are in ideal weight range. These shoes dont have wider versions and hence they are a bit tight on the sides but worth the money that I paid ($70)", "Hello!These shoes are really great, nice looking and very comfortable! But I had a problem with them, I believe the shoes were defective since the beginning.The Amazon seller did not help at all, they told me to contact Nike, Nike said the shoes did not meet their criteria for replacement.First thing I saw (and did not consider important at that time) was the the right shoe's tongue was about 1 inch longer than the other one.The tongue is not really longer, it just was wrongly installed, about 1 inch higher, because of this it is loose at the bottom.Then after sometime (about 6 months) using the shoes the out sole of the right shoe came apart, it has a big hole, then a realized maybe the shoes were somehow defective from the beginning because of the tongue problem.These shoes look tough, but at the end a pair of Adidas Bounce, which look way less tough, lasted way longer than my Nike ACG shoes.The frustration here is that I don't understand how the people from Nike can't see the wrongly installed tongue, this clearly means the shoes came out of the factory with defects.I think the shoes are better than what I got, maybe I just was unlucky, but Nike did not honored their 2 year coverage from the manufacture date.Thanks!", "Bought these for my husband who is a security professional and outdoor survivalist. He's had these boots over 2 years and they have held up surprisingly well! His only complaint was that they are a little heavier than he'd like. But the comfort and sturdiness out weigh the fact that they are a little heavy. He wants a black pair now!", "I own over 20 pairs of Nikes and all of them are a size 12. I even own a few pairs that are very similar to the style of these shoes, such as the Pegasus 83's (I know it's eighty-something) and Air Vengeance. Those are also size 12 and they fit just fine. These Air Ventures feel almost a full size too large. Not only do these shoes run big, they don't look as cool as the pictures and I usually love all my Nike products. Not so much with this one.", "Mid sized wristwatch. Has everything you could need. Very accurate and very comfortable to wear. Lightweight and low profile. I have a large wrist and this watch band fits perfectly with four notches to go. The altimeter is extremely accurate as I had read before. The Oregon has many features including hourly chime and that's hard for me to find.the alarms and the countdown features are really nice to have.", "Buenos dias un cordial saludo desde venezuela, le escribo para manifestarles que los zapatos que recibi, llegaron en perfectas condiciones, fue una excelente eleccion. Muchas Gracias.", "I really liked this model. It would have been my 3rd pair of this style. Very Comftable and i will be on a look out on this model.", "The nike mute sunglasses was great and next time I would order more the next time I need more, thank you", "Got them quickly and are brand new. Would buy another pair. THese shoes are nice. they are clean. they are new. enough damn words now?", "This is his third pair of Air Force 1's.  He loves this style and is enjoying some of the new colors.", "Feels so comfortable to wear! Just the pair I need for my tired feet. Wonderfully made for jogging and walking and running.", "ITS been over six months and this canvas is pumping strong i have no regrets it washes and the fade is like a differing appearance that makes it look more unique.", "I bought these shoes because I was in need of a fresh pair of white b-ball shoes.I decided to customize these shoes after visiting [...] which gives valuable insight into how to create some sweet custom kicks that can be worn the same as any other pair of shoes.Buy these shoes and check out[...]!!!!!", "I bought Nike Shox about 2 years ago. They tend to be okay for walking, but for running its a whole new story. The soles tend to wear off on one side after a while. Once they a worn out, the soles make it hard to lift weights because it does not grasp on to the floor much (it has more of a sliding effect). I would recommend these shoes if you are a light exerciser.", "Much more comfortable than standard Shox which are quite firm and unforgiving. The combination Lunar sole adds additional cushioning in forefoot, without sacrificing responsiveness. Mesh upper is slipper-style thus minimizing shoe weight while cradling foot. Upper has minimal padding in tongue area making it uncomfortable to lace very tightly for anyone with nerve sensitivity or those trying hard core training exercises. Good for mild running or basic cross-training. At sale price of $55 this is an exceptional deal. OK value at $90 but overpriced at $140. DEFINITELY sized small. Consider ordering 1/2 size larger unless you like a very tight shoe.Unfortunately the waffle pattern black sole separated from the lunar sole on the forefoot of both shoes within less than 6 weeks of use. Nike's excellent return claim policy provided me with a full value replacement gift card, but still need to shop for new pair of training shoes. Would much prefer having the shoes last!", "Although the shoes were marked 9 Narrow, they would not fit....too short. Had to send them back for credit. Buying shoes without being able to try them on is ALWAYS a mistake in my opinion.", "I love these shoes. I was a little worried because i was ordering them online and not at the store where i could try them on and walk around in them. but, they looked super comfortable, and super cute, and everyone seemed to have no complaints. so i went for it..im so glad i did. If i had it to do over again i would get these again. this is going to sound silly, but my only complaint was that they were SO white!! i have to be very aware when i wear these shoes so i dont mess them up. i recommend these if youre trying to decide. go for it!!!", "Delivery of the Nike Lunaglide+2's were very quick. The product appeared in great condition - brand new/never worn. Transaction was very easy, and completed with nil hassels. Thank you very much for a quality product, and a great price.", "Love the look of these sneaks but not as comfortable as I had hoped for.  Fits true to size but kind of snug width wise.Love the style and color though.", "excelentes. muy comodos y seguros.Los recomiendo ampliamente.desde que los compre quede muy encantada por el dise&ntilde;o y el confort que brindan", "Great shoe it fits amazing I play soccer every night it's amazing how it fits it feels like ur wearing noting for the price its amazing.", "Everything appears great good service boots were an excellent dealPostage to Australia always seems to go a bit over the estimated time but overall very happy.", "I got this pair for the spring season, as a lot of leagues i'm in. This pair feel so good on your feet, very light. For me I have more ways of controlling the ball, it's just easy. Our style of play is passing the ball over, and sometimes I get a very hard and fast pass, with these shoes I can control the ball in very comfy way, the shoes that I had wasn't as easy as this. I play wing, so I do a lot of sprints. This shoes is just amazing for that perpous. I highly recommend this.", "NIKE WMNS LUNARELITE+ 2 WOMENS 429783-105 (5.5, WHITE/WOLF GREY-PRO PLATINUM-WOLF GREY), es un zapato muy bonito, tiene buena estructura y es comodo. Adem&aacute;s, sus colores son llamativo.", "When I went out for my first run I was convinced that I had ordered a shoe that was too big. After wearing size 11 Nike running shoes for 15yrs this was the first pair to not fit. By my third run the shoes had moulded to fit my foot better and I no longer had issues with my foot sliding around in the shoe. I bought the Lunarelite's  to replace a pair of Zoom elite 4's that have been amazing. The Lunarelites seem lighter and equaly supportive but not as comfortable as the shoes they replaced.", "I don't run but if I did I'd be grease lightning in these bad boys!", "excellent product and very comfortable shoes came in as expected, really comfortable for jogging and running, love the product good good", "Awesome pair of shoes, I have gotten a lot of compliments on them! Comfortable, stylish, and durable. That is everything that makes up a great pair of shoes!", "Great fit, solid shoes, the kind Nike isnknown for. Old school look, great quality and solid. I recommend and would buy again", "these shoes bring it back to HS. AF1z still the s***. Am gunna buy another pair very soon in black.", "Very comfy. Would definitely order again. My boyfriend uses them all the time, he recently broke both heel bones in his feet and now he is starting to walk again and he uses these sneakers all the time. He says they are very comfy.", "Excellent, Nike is Nike, no doubt about it, easy on the feet, looks great and will continue to buy this brand", "Do not buy this shoe unless you want to get injured. I have been a runner for about 10 years now and have been through all sorts of shoes. I thought I'd give this shoe a try and immediately the next running I strained my right leg. I was barely even jogging.Chalking it up to bad luck, I stopped for a week and rest. When I got into a softball game the following week, I was running to catch a pop fly and POP, a huge pop was felt in hamstring. I am so happy it turned out to be a strain rather than a rupture.I have felt nothing but pain and torture running in these shoes and I will never return to a Nike shoe product again. Got new shoes, guess what? No pain. It is essentially robbery by charging such a high price for such a bad shoe knowing they are paying sweatshop kids .25 cents an hour to make them? Thieves.Buy at your own risk.", "Avoid these shoes. They are too narrow, stiff, and unstable. Probably the worst running shoes I've ever worn.On top of that, after 5 weeks running on the streets and the gym treadmill the air capsule of the right shoe broke, rendering the pair completely useless.This last thing is actually good -as I now got a pair of acsis -much, much better for running.", "Exactly what I wanted. The peach was a tad lighter than expected, but still within the color peach description. No complaints", "Fast service and comfortable shoes - good price.  The first time I ordered, I received wrong size, but I was not pleased but they fit my daughter and she likes them.", "I was very excited to receive the shoes, but when I opened the box one of the shoe was dirty. They are fake Air Force Ones... I have been ordering off Amazon for the past 3 years, and this has been my worst experience ever... I will never order from Amazon again... Very mad customer..., It doesn't deserve a full star.", "I'm so happy when I got this product. Very good quality and fits perfectly for me. Exactly what was in the product description. Fast shipping too! I'm very satisfied. Thank you Amazon.", "It holds my stuff great.This is my 1st gym bag. So happy with it. Only thing is that its flimsy and does not hold its shape.", "Perfect for our 11 yr old and carrying all of his basketball gear.  Helps keep him very organized and doesn't lose or forget things!", "Gave as a gift only to find out later from the person who received it that the material was worn on one side and had little holes in it. I'm sure it was a fluke that I got a bag that was damaged. Unfortunately, too much work to try to get gift back from person to return. Otherwise, perfect size to fit a basketball and gym clothes and shoes. That is what I was looking for.", "I bought mine to use as a gym bag.  I decided to spend a little more money this time around.Well, after two months of ownership, it appears that that was money wasted.  I only use mine for the gym.  It typically is in my vehicle with a change of gym clothes and nothing more.  I'm not rough with the bag; I don't toss it around or anything of that nature.  The issue I'm already having is that the zipper mechanism is  beginning to malfunction, and one of the two zipper handles has already completely come off its tracks.  Upon closer inspection, it occurs to me that if I move the remaining zipper handle over too far, it's at risk of coming right off the track as well.The bag I replaced was cheaper and served me better than this thing has.Oh, and don't be fooled by the picture.  See how sturdy and durable it looks?  Well, it's quite flimsy.UPDATE:  Two days after this review was originally posted, the other zipper handle came off.  I can no longer zip up my bag.", "After looking everywhere for the perfect bag, my son saw this and never looked at more. The size was even bigger then I expected, its Nike so the quality is there, color is what it looks like. He stuffs his soccer gear, ball, clothes and who knows what else in there.", "Great duffle bag. My son utilize it for football and its great..awesome for sport equipment.easy to carry and nice quality.", "This bag seems to be holding up very well.  We bought 2 for my children's karate sparring gear and related equipment, etc.  The older bag they had fell apart fairly quickly.  These are holding up nicely and large enough to accomodate everything they have and more.", "Daughter loved the bag. Big enough for softball uniform, shoes, big bottle of gatorades, sweats, sweatshirts. Exactly what she was looking for & a very pretty purple. Sturdy enough to have her name professional stitched on it!!", "My son is a swimmer and needed something that could carry workout clothes, school clothes, 2 pairs of shoes, 2 towels, soap/shampoo, a jammer, and snacks. I was worried before ordering that bag that there would be enough room. I was pleasantly surprised when it arrived as it is exactly the right size for all of his stuff. It's also a light weight, yet well built. There are separate compartments to keep things separated. Shoes go on one end, snack on the other. The adjustable shoulder strap is padding and curved so it conforms to your shoulder - perfect if you ride a bike or motorcycle.Basically, if you are a swimmer, soccer, basketball or other sports player and need to keep everything in one bag for your busy lifestyle, this is exactly what this is for. You could fit a ball in here too if you made room. And yes, this is genuine Nike gear.", "very good bag and looks real slick. I needed a good quality bag that looked good and i found it with this product. Its a good size too. .", "i really like this bag...its the same from the picture, i was a little worried that its gonna be too small...but no, its perfect, big bag perfect to travell or go to the hospital like myself...and its nike :D", "It's exactly how it's described and it's very durable. Very spacious too!Came very quickly and I was able to use it right away.", "Very durable bag and looks great. I needed something to quickly throw clothes in for short road trips and was easy to sling over my shoulder for on the go. I've used it quite a bit and it still looks just like new and gets the job done.", "Everything we expected! Fits all the football equipment, but my son is still able to carry it by himself. Very nice!", "i bought this handbag because in july i have plans for the gymactually it says meduim but WOW this bag is really spacefull and im sure that it will serve every athlete purposesgreat product seems to be made of great material i like it didnt use it yet but its good.......", "My Son loves this bag. Says it has tons of room for the many pairs of shoes that he plans to take on vacation", "Although the measurements are listed, I expected a much smaller bag.  I'm able to everything I need for the gym in this bag and still have lots of room left over!  I love it and was a pleasant surprise", "i bought this for my boyfriend for work and he absolutely loves it! its bigger than i thought, but it fits everything he needs. i would repurchase again!", "This bag is large enough for my basketball, uniform, shoes, and I still have room left over. The straps are well sewn.", "First of all I could not believe how fast this got to my house! I ordered it late on a Saturday night and it arrived at my house on Monday--& I live in a tiny town down a dirt road!I bought the bag for my daughter's birthday and when I opened the box I thought the bag was really small, but I had two wrapped shoe boxes and several other wrapped gifts that I &#34;hid&#34; inside it and there was still room. My daughter was really pleased with the size. She said the bigger one would be too unwieldy on the bus, and that this one had plenty of room for her sports equipment and change of clothes. The only thing we were disappointed in was that the only colors available were this navy blue and black.", "I thought it was a good price and decided to give it a try.. it was much better than what I expected. :) I love it.", "I use this bag for yoga and I LOVE IT.  It is sturdy but light.  It has all the compartments that I need.  The &#34;wet/shoe&#34; compartment is the best because I can put my sweaty clothes and towels in there and they don't mix with anything else, and they ALL FIT in that space!!  I can put my gym clothes, my work clothes, and all the stuff I need to be ready for work after the gym.  It's perfect!", "I love how roomy this bag is, and the side pockets have proven very useful.  However, I was very displeased with the thinness of the material.  It looks and feels like it would rip very easily.", "Best Duffel I've owned. Use it everyday. It's light and holds a lot of stuff. Also washed it in the machine with no issues! Love it!", "This this is huge, but will literally hold everything you need.  I go to the gym after work and then usually out with friends and this bag easily holds several changes of clothes, a toilet bag and who knows what else.  I seriously live out of this thing.", "Pretty comfortable for a duffel. I use this during the holidays when I travel home from school. Sometimes I use this for short road trips too. The product is too big for the gym though so I would get the small for that.", "Even this medium is pretty large! Don't be fooled by the picture, this bag has a ton of space! Has a main compartment, 2 smaller side compartments, and another feature is the padded area on the strap for shoulder comfort. My everyday gym/park bag as of now. 5/5", "Bag is good quality but much bigger than expected.  My Son uses this for wrestling and usually has a change of clothes and a second set of gym gear.  I ended up purchasing the medium bag which he likes much better.", "Very pretty and nice quality Nike duffle bag. Shipped fast. Is durable and just the right size. Happy with my purchase.", "Good quality - very happy.  Worked well as a carry on for a two night trip.  Didn't have to check in a bag.", "This is the perfect gym bag for my needs. It is big enough to store just about everything I need to in a gym bag - shoes, change of clothes, workout clothes, swimming costume. It even has some extra space left in case I need to take the kids to the pool at the gym, fits their clothes as well just right. The material is synthetic so it is durable and water resistant. Looks sharp!", "kinda thin in my opinion.lets see if it lasts under frequent use.size is perfect (in no way a huge bag) can b used as cheap weekender or gym bag", "I love my new duffle bag. The pink is so cute and vibrant. And for it to be the medium its a very nice size. I use it as a traveling weekend bag and its very easy to carry whether its on the shoulder or u carry it by hand.", "I definitely love this color and bag design. I know my sister's going to like it as my early christmas gift to her.", "Awesome bag. Durable and versatile. Easy to clean. Also I have used it on about 3 long trip and no damage. Airplane  train and car travel", "muy complacido por el pedido q llego sin ningun retraso gracias muchas gracias lo recomiendo a todos los que deseen comprar", "Gift for someone, I have a smaller one for myself. Both look great and mine has lasted few years with no sign of wear.", "I bought this bag in grey/black and my husband loves it. It's very lightweight but sturdy and he loves the pocket with the vents so he can put his gym shoes in it. He also liked the small pocket on the inside of the bag to put his keys and phone in so he doesn't have to dig around to find them. It also arrived much faster than the estimated ship date.", "I use for the gym. I have everything pink. But this bad is amazing. It looks good. Great material and fits all my stuff.", "My 14 year old grandson loves it.  He is in to alot of sports so it is very versatile and roomy.", "I gave it 5 stars because the bag has plenty of room for gym stuff.  The material is light, but durable.", "It is the perfect size. Wish it had more compartments, and more color selection, but I do recommend it for gym regulars.", "I picked this bag out specifically because it was purple. It is much bigger than I expected it to be, but that was actually a good thing considering the reason I needed a new gym bag to begin with is because the Adidas bag I had was much smaller and started falling apart after about a year from overstuffing it!", "I purchased this bag to carry clothes and gear when I was in physical therapy after a bicycle accident. It holds all my clothes and gear with room to spare and is built to last.  For my purpose it is just the right size.  Highly recommended.", "seems thin but is holding up well and holds all his gear including the size 13s  not a bad buy", "Nice size bag, holds more than expected.  Was not really sure of the size when I was ordering the bag.Delivery was really fast, had expected to have to wait a long time but I received it within in one week after placing the order.", "Excellent price for a top of the line bag. Great for the gym, travel and what ever else. Has become my man purse loaded with extra shoes , protein shakes, snacks etc. Love it!", "I saw this bag at Sports Authority but of the blue color. I looked at Amazon and saw it was cheaper and had more color options, so I decided to buy from here.The red looked much nicer, because it seemed like a dark red color, but actually the color is bright red, which was misleading from the photo.The shape of the bag is much nicer when full, so that's why it's stuffed on the photo and also at the stores they fill the bags with air plastic bags. The bag has some frame on the sides but not it's enough so when it's not full it look deflated.", "Nice bag... Just got the wrong size.  A little bigger than what I wanted.  But overall happy with style and quality", "My husband loves this duffle.  He uses it primarily to go to the gym.  He's able to fit two full size racquet ball racquets, towels, extra clothes, sneakers, water bottle, etc.  He could probably fit triple that...  It's huge and very light weight.  Awesome bag - we're very happy with it and would recommend it to anyone.", "This bag is pretty tough and large enough for a full change of clothes and a basketball.  It's very popular on my son's basketball team.", "It could provide an additional compartment or two to separate items on inside or outside and perhaps a good shoe barn", "I bought this bag from Dick's Sporting Goods and it is significantly better than my last gym bag.It's extremely lightweight but has a lot more room than your average bag without looking too bulky.I am concerned about the thickness of the fabric but we will see how it holds up.One question I have is what the elastic straps on the bottom of the bag are for? They are attached with a tag tie and look like they are supposed to be removed. Anyone know?", "This bag is perfect for the gym. Its larger than expected!  Love the color too! Ships fast as well and reasonably priced", "I am delighted with the size and quality of my gym bag, but would like a place to put my damp towel after a workout. Dirty clothes conveniently go in one of the side compartments and my collection of shampoos,etc go in the other side compartment. therwise a great bag that I think will serve me for many years.", "Perfect size and true to color shown on site! My husband uses it everday for the gym. Could not be happier!", "This is a great bag. I couldn't have bought one like this anywhere else. It is perfect for carrying my child's gym equipment. She loves the color.", "Perfect size for basketball practice and overnight trips.  It can hold a basketball, a pair of shoes, and a waterbottle easily.", "Looks just like the photo and a great size duffel bag, could easily fit clothes shoes and other articles. Loved the price and quality as well. Pretty bright red!", "My wife just told me she saw my gym bag here. I am a bit shocked to see it sell at this high price in Amazon. Isn't Amazon supposed to be price competitive?Anyway, I got it in our local Marshall's. So my suggestion is to check your local stores first, because this one is really over priced here. I got it for $16.As for the quality, I would see I like it so far. Since it is obtained at less than $20, I did not take extra good care of it. This one is a soft bag. I can easily stuff it into a gym locker. It is usually squeezed in because I have put a lot of things in it. But it has not been easily broken. A tough bag that satisfies my need.Again, if I bought it at $30+, I might think twice when pushing the stuffed bag into the steel locker. Glad I bought this bag. And glad I bought it at a better price.", "Nice looking, name brand, blue, what more can you ask for. Use it for the gym or for pick up games at the park. Can fit a basketball, more then one Gatorade, extra pair of basketball clothes, cell phone. All the thing needed for a gym rat.", "This is a pretty good bag. I probably could have read the description more carefully, but I thought it would have been bigger.  Overall, it performs it's function, but it's a little pricey for the size.", "I had this bag for a abour 1 year and still looks and works great.. thinking about getting one more", "I would almost classify this as an X-Large bag.  This thing is very durable but also very big.  Was expecting to use for everyday practice ended up only using it for long travel games.", "LOVE IT!!! such a sturdy bag to hold all my softball things and great quality for what it endures !", "My 15 year old loves this bag.  It is big and has lots of space for Lacrosse equipment.  She stays after school 5 days a week and this bag goes everywhere.  She loves how it handles and keeps all her equipment together.", "EL producto es excelente,Me fue muy util, y de una gran marca como NIKE, representa calidad, ya he utilizado para los viajes, y me ha soportado la humedad de cambio de clima de Calor a frio en los viajes.Thank you...", "The color purple of this bag is not deep enough for soccer boys to be carrying around without comments. It shouldn't be advertised as an adult unisex bag.", "I liked the bag a lot and got a lot of use from it for about a year in a half. I kept it in my car and over time the top began to peel off pieces of the material. Great size to fit my needs just wish I kept it out of my car now.", "I purchased this for my son in law and he loved it.  It was everything as detailed when I purchased it.", "I ordered this bag for my boyfriend for Christmas! He needed a big bag for all his workout gear and supplements. He practically lives out of it! Awesome purchase!! Very big duffle bag and fits plenty of stuff.", "grandson asked for it and loves it - enough said.  was out of stock but shipped as soon as it cme in.", "Bag has held up well after a year of constant use & abuse. Zipper & handles are still intact (and that's more than I'd expected for the price) even after 3 different sporting season's abuse by our teenager. This bag might make it to be a hand-me-down!", "I bought this for my GF and it was perfect the only thing is it was so much bigger than I expected", "We love this duffle, we have been looking for one for a while and my son loves it. Thank you so much.", "My husband uses this bag for the gym and for weekend travels. Good, durable material and zippers. My husband can finally get rid of his ripped gym bag.", "Okay product little more expensive than what I thought it should be not as durable as I thought it would be would not purchase another one", "i guess it was just a large sports bag and it works for basketball and gym and all those other things.", "Great bag for all ages, but especially students on the run.  Very happy to see the shoulder strap padded.  Good job Nike, I am sure this bag will get lots of use.", "You can't imagine how much this holds. It is rugged and roomy very light.  Even when full not heavy to carry.", "The duffel bag holds all of my husband's gym stuff and is very sturdy. Both of my teenagers have this same bag and have not had any issues with the bag holding up, and they throw it around all the time like typical teenagers.  lol", "My son loves this bag.  Big enough to hold all his gear, but not so big that it's hard to lug around.", "Thought it had a smell for a long time. Washed it a few times. Don't seem to notice now. Also, the medium is WAY to large for my needs. I get shoes, towel, shorts, socks, shirt and still have the same amount of room or more left over. Should have gotten small. End pockets are nice for shower shoes and shampoo and soap.", "i HAD BEEN USING MY BACK PACK TO GO TO THE GYM - THIS WORKS SO MUCH BETTER - i LOVE THAT IT HAS A PLACE FOR MY SHOES. IAM HAPPY WITH IT", "High product quality, the colors are much more cute to have it in your hands, I read other reviews that they said that the size was not ideal but for me is right paraa carry your stuff to the gym or do your workouts, I recommend it.", "I was supprised to see how the big duffel bag came into a little box. Holds a lot and I'm a Nike fan as well.", "My son absolutely loves Nike. Nike shirts, Nike shoes, Nike socks...and this was a must have for him. He uses this bag to go to sleepovers and vacations. No one else can use it and I will probably be purchasing a new one soon.", "If you don't carry more than shoes, a towel and gym clothes.  This is the right bag for you.  I wouldn't suggest getting a larger bag, unless, you are carrying sporting equipment with you.  Great bag, which I use every day!", "Was a little bit smaller than I thought it was going to be but it is a sturdy bag and it has worked great for what I needed it for", "Great quality, perfect size for the gym as well as carry on for air travel. Exactly what I expected from the description", "First, this is a great bag. No complaints.  Second, don't listen to those telling you this thing is small.  Barely fits into standard compact locker.  If you are looking for a bag to hold 20 pounds of gear, this is for you, if you have underwear, running shoes, shirts, sweatpants, towel and deodorant, then MOST definitely go to the same bag 1 size down (The SMALL Size)", "I love this bag it has plenty of space and i can fit my basketball and two pair of shoes in there , and its very easy to cary. i love this bag 100%", "This bag is perfect for sports, sleepovers, or just caring things around. It is the perfect size for a kid.", "Highly recommend this bag, great quality perfect size, and love the color (so girly). :)I receive LOTS of Compliments on this bag.", "Let me just start off by saying that I was afraid that the Nike bag would arrive after NOVEMBER 3. I originally bought this item for my trip on November 3 and I didn't need a big and bulky suitcase to lug around. I received it BEFORE the delivery estimate!! I received it yesterday, October 26.Haven't had any time to experience with it yet, but I will take a look at what all will fit this weekend.I will post a video and pictures this weekend, so that you can see for yourself if the product pictures are enough for you to buy this item.This bag include 2 large side pockets (perfect for your lacrosse shoes or passport and airline tickets if you're flying with carry on baggage. It has a handle on the side for easier handling, which is very nice as well. Inside the bag, you'll find a sturdy piece of plastic to support all your various personal belongings.I WILL EDIT THIS AND ADD TO THIS REVIEW AFTER MY TRIP NEXT WEEK!Thanks", "Works perfect for my daughter and all her volleyball needs! Can fit food, blanket and all essentials in it!! Nice bag!", "Excellent Quality for the price!  The bag is very sturdy, and well made.  I would recomend it to others!  Just what I was looking for!", "Well designed product, arrived within a few days and well priced. Product was shipped as described, I look forward to future purchases.", "I expected a canvass- like duffel bag that would maintain its structure and durability ; however, this bag is sorta flimsy and the material is really thin. this is not the type of bag that you can throw around or that will sustain as much abuse as a canvass bag. All that said, I still like the bag, the design looks really good and the side pockets are spacious. I would have loved this bag if it had an additional pocket (for keys, cell-phone/ wallet).", "Exelente producto, cumpli&oacute; con mis espectativas, el tiempo de entrega fue el acordado.Los producto nike siempre con buena calidad de acabados.", "Use it for coaching tennis. Inside pocket is good. the zipper sides are good too. Good quality and good price.", "Bought the nike bag just to go to the gym, but it has gone on 3 trips with me. Its the perfect size to use as a carry on!", "I am by no means low maintenance, so for a while there my morning gym routine involved lugging three bags full of straightening irons, blow dryers, make up and, of course, my work clothes, to and from the gym. Add in that I do double days (and don't particularly like re-wearing sweaty morning gym clothes) and I REALLY needed a sturdy, large gym bag. This bag fits everything with room to spare but doesn't feel too bulky, and fits easily in my gym locker. It also doesn't feel like it is about to buckle from the weight. Highly recommend. The only thing I wish it had was a small pocket for my keys and gym lock.", "Great bag..the wife fits everything she needs to train..highly recommend this bag for those who workout and have lots of gear.", "Very happy with the product all around, holds a surprising amount of gear despite its seemingly small size.  Seems to be very durable so far, and has many separate little holding areas for various bits of gear.", "Great bag for the price.  Price was less then purchasing in the store. Holds all of my sons sproting equipment nicely", "Nice bag. Looks strong enough, the fabric is rather thin but feels robust. Takes lots of stuff. three more words required", "My daughter is a star athlete & she loves this bag!  This bag holds just about anything she can think of.  It's a quality product sold at a fair price & was delivered in a short amount of time.  Thumbs up all around on this bag, homies!", "a little high priced for  what it is nothing special not any more quality than a cheaper bag from a competitor", "The price was good it's good size holds up great my son has used this all school year and it still looks as if we just got it", "The bag is perfect for my son's karate gear needs as well as any extras that he has.  The color is perfect too.", "I love the bag and it is as described. However I have used the adidas duffel bags from the friend and those definitely felt a little bit more tougher and durable than this one. So I did consider them a better purchase even if they are a little more expensive.But this bag definitely looks a lot nicer. Is durable enough and since I bascially bought it as a laundry bag or long weekend trips it should hold me good.", "Very nice bag, my son loves it! Quality is good and the price is excellent..he uses this bag for gym in school everyday, totally recomend it.", "Lovely color, great quality. I am writing this review 6 months after purchase because, well. you can't tell how a product will last in a few uses.This has been used every day since purchase to carry smelly wrestling shoes, track shoes, football cleats and basketballs.  It has worked out so well we bought a smaller one for the younger sibling.Buying quality once in a while saves money.", "Good quality product. Seems to fit everything I need with some room to spare:- 1 pair of shoes- change of clothes- 2 water bottles- towel- jump ropes- wrist guards", "I expected a smaller bag. The bag is a bit too big to go to the gym or track practice", "It's big. It's light. The only thing that was disappointing is that I ordered a red/black bag. We received a blue/black bag. Still a great bag.", "Nice bag with lots of room.  3 compartments are convenient, shoulder strap is comfortable.  I love the Blue and Black together.", "the bag is of good quality cloth and not cheap plastic.  been using it as a gym bag  for the last month and so far so good...we'll see how long this bag will last.  my last bag was a fila with plastic inside but it lasted 5yrs before the straps started tearing.", "Purchased this duffel bag for my son who loves Nike. He uses it as a basketball bag. It can hold all his stuff and then some.It is the perfect size. Has pockets on each side to carry extra stuff. He loves it.", "I initially wanted to get this as a gym bag for my boyfriend. Read all the great reviews on the bag and decided to go ahead and make the purchase. Got to the checkout page and the total came out to $41.99. Found the same exact bag cheaper on ebags.com for a discounted price of $28.99 with FREE SHIPPING! So, I decided to cancel my order and bought the bag from ebags.com... Great bag, my boyfriend loved it for going to the gym purposes. However, check out other websites that may sell the same bag for a bit cheaper before you order yours on Amazon.", "Came at a great time and the durability is outstanding. i bought this for my husband since he needed a new gym bag. He said it was perfect, and a great size.", "Perfect size for your shoes and workout gear..I love the multiple pockets! And, if you love fuchsia or pink, this bag is for you!", "I am really enjoying this duffel bag for gym use. It holds plenty of stuff including my sneakers on one side pocket and pool sandals on the other. A complete change of clothes and plenty of other stuff only takes up half of the main area. Hopefully it last for a few years . . .", "I was generally disappointed. The material is pretty thin. The &#34;shoe&#34; pocket barely holds my 9 1/2 high tops, that have to be placed back to front  and you can't easily insert them without touching the soles. I use this primarily as a gym bag and it is too large, unstructured and lacking compartments. Unless your normal routine is to arrive and depart in work out clothes, and carry a lot of equipment, this is not your bag...", "I like the bag-it is a solid quality and as described. Not much else to say as it is a gym bag-they are hard to mess up. Good space and the right amount of compartments for towels, squirt bottles, supplements, etc.", "THIS IS A GREAT BAG WAS MORE THAN I EXPECTED LOVE IT AND USE IT EVERYDAY.I AM GOING TO GET ONE FOR MY FRIENDS ,WAY TO GO NIKE HATS OFF", "We bought this bag for my son as he is getting into more and more sports going into the 7th grade, he plays soccer, basketball and baseball. He loved the bag and it seems very durable for him.", "I got this bag for a friend at the gym who has never had a gym bag and he loves it!", "Perfect for daughters needs...she can fit all of her stuff in here while traveling. It is made good and is very durable.", "This is a very good bag. It just arrived. It is everything i wanted in my gym bag. The Medium is pretty big, so if you're contemplating the large, I'd say the medium is big enough. The zipper seems like it could be stronger but time will tell.", "my son was going to a family reunion that Thursday  night and it came that Wednesday  afternoon..Right on time and he loved it!! just the right size for everything to fit shoes and all!!!", "This bag is awesome.! I was looking for a larger duffle bag since my 24\" wasn't holding everything I needed. I had ordered the coldwater one for 14.99, but it smelled like a shower curtain liner for over a week. Back it went! After that I was afraid to order online because of the smell issue. I found a small sports store by my house and they had this one in stock. NO SMELL!!!  Big and roomy to boot. On each end the have zippered compartments which are good for shoes or wet towels. The handles are padded which is really nice. The bag is light to carry but seems very durable. Yes it was a lot more than the other one I ordered but totally worth every penny. Better quality construction, padding, compartments, and NO SMELL!!!!", "This is a great bag.  The only reason I didn't give it a five is because I would like a front outside pocket.  Other than that it is a great bag.  It fits in the locker easly and the zippers open smoothly. Room in this bag is not a problem. When i go to the gym I pack a towel, a sweat towel, shoes, jeans, shirt, underwear, swimming gear, shower gear, two water bottels (blender shaker type), flip flops and there is still room.  If you are looking for a gym bag this is one you should consider.", "Great sized gym bag. Fits my boots, uniform, towel, and lunch making trips to work easier. It is also very lightweight and dries off quickly. The only change I would make, if I could, would be adding a couple more small pockets for things like keys, wallet, cellphone etc. There is one pocket, but it only has a velco closure.", "My son loves this bag. It is much larger than we thought, which we love.  He carries his sneakers, basketball, extra clothes, a towel his uniform and extra clothes around in this bag.  The seams and straps are very well sewn. I strongly recommend this bag to athletes and light travelers.", "Bigger than i thought it was, and it protects everything i bring on a trip. its a tough bag. you should get one :)", "Nice, large Nike duffle bag with separate zippered compartments on the side. Very pleased with size and overall quality of bag.", "comfortable grip, very nice color, big enough, item as described, good quiality and i would buy it again in case i need it without a doubt.", "My Grandson loves everything Nike so this was the perfect gift. He loves it. I think it's a nice heavy duty bag.", "I do too many 2-3 day trips where I want to carry on a soft bag, lots of regional airplanes in my life.After trying a couple different brands I grabbed this and I am very pleased.  The bag is well made and sturdy, the stitching appears strong.  Both the handles and shoulder strap are securely attached.  Most important to me is that there are many ways to creatively overstuff the bag without damaging it.The are separate pockets on each end.  One is vented so it's great for workout clothes.  They're also nice for holding the ziplock bags you have to pull out for airport security.I'd imagine that this is a bit large for a workout bag, but great for weekend travel", "I was skeptical about spending this much on a gym bag, but it's worth every penny. Light, spacious, well segmented and, form the feel of it, durable.", "Sure they look cool.  If they looked cool and fit well, they'd get a lot more stars.They don't fit well.  They are very narrow and the toe box is short.  And I have short toes.  That's saying something.  Do not recommend.  I returned them.", "I have bought these snickers and it was a great decision. No problema with the size, color or fit. Really a good deal", "LOVE these shoes. They're so comfortable and the colors are hot too. I was reluctant about the price but then again, Nike always makes great shoes and I tend to get years of wear out of them.", "This product is NOT authentic, only wear it couple times and it is broken already! Went to NIKE store in other country, the sales said it is NOT authentic!", "This was a great pair of shoes! I love the colors. Nikes always run small, but I felt the 7.5 was too small. I needed to buy the size 8. I wish I had them now. Delivery time was good, the price was reasonable, the fit just didn't work.", "i odered these shoes a little before st. patricks day and i was so happy they arrived almost a week before they said they would get here, i was so happy!! the shoe it self i mean what can you say bad about Jordans there great shoes!!", "I work at a job that requires you to be on your feet all night so I needed a shoe to be able to keep my feet comfortable. These aren't the best, but they do support the feet and ankles. They do feel sort of like platform shoes. (Just a little  bit) but they are still comfortable. I LOVE the colors and will probably be buying the white/black ones next.", "i have other pairs of the nike retro and i think i like the way those look a little better. these are definitely more comfortable though", "My son of 12 years old just love themlight weightnice colorvery comfortableare just as shown in the picture", "Bought Nike Women Zoom. Since I had Hammer toe surgery, I needed a wider shoe in the toe area to accommodate the inserts. This shoe is good, roomy and comfortable. I do 6 miles a day on my treadmill and need a reliably cushioned shoes. Very pleased.", "Without a doubt, the most comfortable work out shoe around today!  I wear them for cross training and they provide stability in addition to the feeling of walking on air.  Thanks Nike and Amazon!!  :)", "I hate these shoes $90 in the garbage,Nike would not exchange them for me for a smaller size without a receipt.They run at least 1\" to big I wear 7.5 and i never had to go down to a 6.5, way much room around the toe's.NOT good for my Cardio kickboxing class.They feel like clown shoes when i walk in them!Your feet even look larger. Another Ebay Item to sell!!!", "I LOVE LOVE LOVE these shoes.  They feel like you are wearing nothing at all.  They are lightweight almost like air and cushioned with tremendous support. I have trouble finding shoes to wear in a department store on concrete all day long but these were great on the feet and the all black shoe looked nice with dress pants.  Now, I want a pair in each color!", "These shoes are awesome.  They fit perfectly, feel like you are wearing air AND are very durable.  Super flexible sole too.Not sure what the person who said they are too big was talking about.  Must have gotten the wrong size.  I always wear an 11 to 11.5 depending on the shoe and I bought these in the 11.5 size.  I also have feet on the narrow side and these work well.  Not too wide and don't gap when I sinch the laces.", "Bought these for my daughter for a Christmas present. - she is a runner she already has 2 other pairs of these shoes and  she LOVES them!!!!", "Most comfortable shoes I've had in a long time.  I wear 9.5 in almost all shoes and ordered the 9.5 in these.  Fits like a glove.  This shoe is so lightweight but offers so much support.  Flexible sole is amazing!!  I think they look nice with dressy jeans and pants.  But, the main thing is THEY FEEL SO GOOD!!!  My feet never hurt at the end of the day, nor is my back tired.  Can't recommend them highly enough!", "I loved the color, they are so comfy. I got these sneakers for crossfit and they totally fit great. I recommend these sneakers.", "I bought these shoes for my daughter and she liked :) very comfortable!! I will buy the same style for me!!", "These are the most comfortable sneakers I have ever bought. These nike sneakers are fashionable too and every time I wear them I get compliments.", "These are my second pair of Nike Free in black, love love love them! So light and comfortable. I wear them for work everyday in the black...and have them in other colors for the gym too. fit nicely too, true to size!", "Shoes are very comfortable, cute and runs true in size. Light weight and flexiable. I like for excersing and walking.", "The shoes arrived quickly, the box was undamaged.  The shoes fit and feel good on my wife's feet, she has worn them now for a couple weeks and now her feet dont hurt after walking 2 miles.  Very happy.", "My wife is thrilled with her Christmas gift.  She said the very first time out she was able to do he 5 miles with out changing.  Any runner knows that this is a rare occurrence in a new shoe that has never before been worn.Once again the amazon supplier out preformed my expectation.Keep up the great job.Just Dave", "I love my lady Nikes use them all the time during workout. Lightweight nice color. Quality I expect from Nike", "Great shoes - exactly what I expected.  I only use them for occasional jogging on either a treadmill or pavement.  I'm only a fair weather runner and not hard-core by any means so these worked fine for my purposes.", "I love these shoes and thought the price on line was great!  Great fit, great comfort and I appreciate the help with my high arch.", "So comfortable, I love it! Exactly same as the pictures here. Just like it say. Fit+Support+Conformatable!!! But the color choice is too limited!", "Excellent shoe, feels so lightweight! It carries the barefoot technology without the strain on the toes like the \"frog shoes\".  I wasn't a Nike fan, but I have to admit these shoes have changed my view.  I highly recommend them.  If you are not certain try them on at a sporting goods store so you can test them yourself, you will understand what I mean.", "Great running shoe!  Very light and the feet do not get too hot.  Not much arch support if you need a lot... but once you start running it's not noticeable.  I like the fun colors that are offered too.", "My daughter bought these shoes for running.  She loves them. Says they're the most comfortable shoes that she's ever owned. And since she runs five days a week, she needed something that would hold up. So far, so good. She's very pleased with them, and was thrilled when they arrived only days after she ordered them. We would recommend!", "I love this sneakers, they fit great and are very confortable. They look great with everything, gym or running around", "I find  that they are very light and comfortable. Not easy to get on but that is not really a problem.I had a similar pair years ago very much like these from Nike insstead of the laces they had zips up the front.They where the most comfortable pair of shoes from Nike I had ever had. But these would compare. Thought the price wasa bit high and disappointed to find a few days later they where on special. But thats life.", "This run very small i am a size 8 and in this i am a 9 and a half, otherwise this are great comfortable, flexible and cute", "Fits like all of my other Nike shoes, true to size. The red/pink color is nothing at all as pictured, which I expected. It's actually a really hot neon pink color, which I love! Look on Nike.com or google \"solar red\" to see what I mean. They're pretty comfortable and really lightweight. Not quite as much support/comfort as the lunarglide 2, but the look makes up for it for me.", "This is my second pair of these! It's like running on air! They are very light weight and a great fit!! Highly recommend them!", "So I have small feet. I usually wear a size 5-5.5 but I found that Nike running shoes run a little small. For reference I wear size 5 Uggs (they become so loose though!) and these Nikes fit me very well. I've had these since May 21, 2012 and I'm STIL USING THEM. And they look and fit exactly the same as they did when I first got them. However I only use this for light walking and everyday wear, not running.", "Very uncomfotable im a nurse and I wore these as my work shoe the in side of the shoe is wearing out and gave me blisters iv had them for a month", "As a runner with a number of foot issues, these are absolutely the best shoes for me. I actually bought these for the second time as NIKE has discontinued this model and the update was not an improvement for my feet.", "The nike shoes are my favorite trademark because they are confortable to do exercises and I love its models and colors", "After reading the first review, was ready to buy. Hoping that the size listed was US sizing, it was.  Usually buy an 8, but the 8 1/2 are fine.  Had seen them  on the feet of a co-worker and liked the colors. Was very happy to find them at a great price on Amazon.", "Don't like the look of them at all and whatever material is on the inside doesn't let a foot with a sock slide in easily.  They're supposed to be a walking sneaker but I would definitely never walk in them.  Bad purchase on my part.", "Ordered a size 6.5 and received size 8. This was a present for my wife and had a friend bring to Brazil for me. Unfortunately when it got here the size was wrong. No way of returning easily from Brazil, as international shipping is costly and there are tax implications. Very disappointed that such a simple thing like size could get screwed up.", "Great ride right out of the box. Favorite model from Nike. Fits snug like a shoe should without being tight. This is my 11th pair of LunarGlides and they make me so happy.", "These shoes are on the way to goodwill.  I ran in Lunar Glides for 4 models and had no issues. On the Nike site you can select something like cushion or firm.  I would normally select cushioned.  When I purchased these there was no selection.  A few long runs 8-12ish and my feet hurt! I was shocked how bad these were. These are firm, and hurt my feet, even just wearing around the house.", "I have narrow to normal foot and these are a bit big/wide. Nice cushioning, but it is a bit sloppy for me. I have tied them tighter to help with this and it does help, but still a bit loose.", "I got these for my son who is a runner and loves the Nike Air Max running shoes.  This pair was a bit rigid - the tongue seems to be too big (long) for the shoe, and it took a few days to break in.  Next time we will probably check out a different style, but still stay within the Nike family.", "I never thought he would wear these because of the colors, but he loves them.  He wears them all the time. He says they are very comfortable.", "Lasts forever great shoe!", "I like this shoe better than the 2013.  I tried the 2013 and sent it back looked for the 2012 to replace the shoe I wore out after putting 560 miles of running on them.  I found them hard to find.  Definitely worst the price I paid.", "I have been running with Nike shoes for the last 6 years, and have just made the switch from Nike SHOX to these , and I am impressed, your whole foot feels like its running on squishy carpet , the outside is very lite and thin, these are not leather or plastic, to save on weight, laces as always are great and the tongue is almost paper thin as well yet holds firm during flat out runs, have put about 10 miles on them and i did not have any foot numbness or slip inside the shoe wearing normal socks, if you looking for a total foot coverage these are it, medium gate at medium wide build , spring is medium high and toe traction is medium high , very mush worth the $160 paid", "I bought these shoes for my gym workout, they are very confortable and perfects for this work, very recommended shoes.", "THese are great.  Buy them... I love the color.  THey hold up well under some middle distance running. slip on and off very easily. I like them.", "Love these shoes!!  I found they are better for walking than running or playing sports.  But they are cute and very comfortable.  When running/playing sports I got blisters and found the shoes to be uncomfortable.  It could just be my feet though and not the shoes' fault!", "Finding good running shoes can be difficult. You have to find a pair that fits your feet correctly. They can't be too big, too small, and they have to fit your arch. They need to be comfortably and something that you want to wear on a daily basis. The Nike Free Run 2+ are one of the best pairs of running shoes that I have ever worn.The Nike Free Run 2+ is made for running. If you like running on trails or on treadmills they are perfect for whatever you like to do. They are light weight so they don't weigh your fee down. They have a barefoot feel to them. They are designed so your feet have a natural range of motion and have cushioning for a smooth run. The Nike Free Run 2+ is made for anyone that likes cute comfortable shoes.The material the shoes are made of is waterproof and has little holes in it to allow your feet to breathe, so they don't start to smell. I recently ran outside after it had rained and they dried nicely. They do not have a tongue flap, so the shoe is connected at all parts. They come in a variety of colors. Ranging from bright blue and pink to black and red.The shoe can be found in almost any store that sells Nike shoes. They range in price from $80- $100, which is a little on the expensive side. Even thought they are expensive they are worth it. It can be hard to find a good running shoe so when you find one you really don't care how much it cost. They are very durable, so they last for their worth.The best thing about the shoes would have to be how comfortable they are. They have the barefoot feel without the impact and pains of running barefoot. The sole is nice and cushioning and has enough support for even the highest arches. The laces are angled so when tied they don't put stress on the top of your foot. Which any runner can tell you is very uncomfortable.Another good thing about the shoes is that they come in a variety of colors. They have the bright and the dark colors to match almost any outfit. They are made for both men and women. The shoes can be worn with your average athletic clothes or jeans and a t-shirt.The shoes are good for running on almost any surface. They are made to run on trails because they have some grip on the bottom that will help keep you stable. They are also good for sidewalks and treadmills because they are a low impact shoe. They are not sprinting shoes so do not purchase them thinking you are going to run a hundred mile dash.Besides the price of the shoe the one bad thing about them is that the material is hard to clean. Since it is mesh-like you can't just wipe it off. You can wash them in the washing machine, but I wouldn't recommend drying them. Sometimes they don't hold up very well in the dryer. Shoe cleaner works pretty well, but then you have to wait and let them dry.Finding good running shoes is a hard task to do, but it is worth the hassle when you find a good pair. The Nike Free Run 2+ is a comfortable shoe that is on the expensive side, but it is worth the price. I think that everyone should try the shoe on at least once. You will be sold.", "Couldn't find this shoe locally anywhere in my size.  So glad to have this online vendor with so many sizes available.  Thanks,  very happy with the purchase.", "I would love to order this shoe. However there is no size option provided.Please provide that option so that i can order this shoe..thanks", "I originally bought these shoes as running shoes, but they look so nice I started wearing them to several difference places I went to. They go well with just about anything, especially dark denim. I've gotten a lot of compliments for these kicks, I would definitely recommend them.", "The quality and cushioning expected from Nike with a slight throwback appeal my husband likes. This is his second pair of this model bc he likes them so much. Called them his &#34;most comfy shoes ever&#34;. I would describe them as middle level in cushioning, probably not for pronators. The sole is low profile and somewhat flexible, so they feel very natural on the foot.", "I'm returning these because I wanted a red & white shoe.  They sent me a black, sliver, white & PINK shoe.  Overall it's a great looking shoe, but not what I ordered!!", "My daughter loved the feel of the shoes. :-) She went with size 4.5 in boys and she wears regular women's size 7.", "I really love these shoes. I wasn't sure about them at first, but after wearing them for a day or two I have really broken them in. They are well made, and I've gotten a few compliments already. Get you a pair; you won't regret it.", "my 11 y.o. son hates them! they look weird, are too long and too narrow and the design is &#34;too busy&#34; for a youngman to like it. the shoes are design for boys, but look too feminine ... my boy doesn't want to wear them too school. we had to buy something else...", "These shoes are super cute and are great for a quick use to yoga class where I take them off. The toe holes are a bit narrow so they may need some breaking in. Overall, good for looks not for exercise.", "These shoes are really great! I've seen other reviews saying that they are narrow or a bit closer to the foot, well yes they are narrow at first but it's because these are running shoes they are meant to be closer to the foot but either way your foot will break them in and also they kind of fit like high heels so that may be another thing to get used to, this is from my personal experience. Overall these shoes are great", "Everything was okay except there are some green spots on the bottom of the shoe (around the back and front part)", "I GOT A LOTTA SNEAKERS, BUT THIS, THIS IS THE ONE. NO DOUBT ABOUT IT. IM THINKING TO BUY ANOTHER ONE", "I bought my exact size,but there were very narrow so I suggest you buy a size bigger in order to get a better fit.", "First off, I have wide flat feet and I work out at the gym 4x a week doing cross training with high impact cardio. I bought these shoes just for the gym.  Sadly it did not work out at the gym because there is absolutely no support at the bottom at all when doing high impact cardio. Within 5 minutes, my feet was in sooo much pain.  I never understood how important or the effects of  \"support\" in sneakers were until i put on this pair of shoes and felt the difference.  On the other hand, I LOVE LOVE these shoes for everything else like walking or anything non high impact. They are so flexible and comfortable that it feels like you going barefoot. and although i usually prefer wide widths, these i have in regular width but i went up 1/2 a size....So the review is, WONDERFUL for non high impact activities!", "These shoes run true to fit and are very comfortable.The fabric is awesome: a matte finish. I wear them for weight lifting,and bootcamp.It does simulate being barefoot. However there are some things I would change: The ribbon type laces started to fray after wearing them twice and they knot up very easily. Also when I do mountain climbers or planks, the toe block (which had a very nice nike free logo in black) has lost its black polish and the white lettering has shown thru..ugh I really liked the all black look. Oh well...I would purchase them again and can't wait to use them for running.", "Super lightweight, but if you need arch support, these are not the shoes for you.  They don't seem to stay tied, unless one ties them really tight.", "I wear these everyday, one foot is bigger than the other so the snug heel makes it where i can wear my true size, i do yoga and lots of time on the treadmill, after getting these the treadmill is a much smoother walk as they are so flexable, will get more in differant colors", "These shoes are so comfortable I just bought another pair.  Not only do I wear them to work out but also with jeans.  The red ones are a nice bright color and the fabric is quite resilient.  Highly recommended!", "My favorite thing about these shoes is that they are practically waterproof. They are the only shoes Ill wear when I walk the dogs through grassy or woodsy areas because they keep my feet dry and clean. They are lightweight and comfortable and very easy to clean (just wipe them off).", "This is a perfect light weight running shoe. Practically weightless in fact. Fabric is cool with the imprinted swish. Very comfortable.", "this shew is awesome for my daily rotten! they are light and extremely fixable, it took me a little time to get used to but over time I found them to be comfortable and blister free. My only concern is they don't have the best arch support for strenuous exercise like running. But over all its worth your money", "They are comfortable, lightweight and stylish to dress in casual or sports.I liked and recommend.It can also be used for running.", "I found these boot to be a perfect fit for my grandson , He enjoys his boots on a daily bases.", "Beautiful, lighter, soft, excellent for running, this shoes are amazing you can have any shoes that you want but Nike running shoes are the best!", "I purchased for work to be standing 9 to 11 hours, running and sports. I love these shoes had to replace my old Nike Shox+ I have had for Two years. So when i started searching i HAD to get a pair that was Nike+ so i can track my running distance with my ipod.(just like my old pair)I wasn't disappointed. :)", "Stable, comfortable and durable.  If you're looking for a shoe that's geared toward cross training, you should consider this one.", "I love Nike Shox, and when I saw this color theme, I had to get it. This shoe gets me so many compliments, its crazy. The girls love them! I wear them to work, and my feet are never sore anymore!", "They shoes were nice looking but was a little tight notwithstanding i ordered my regular size. I usually wear a size 10 but should have ordered size 10.5.", "These are the most comfortable shoes I have ever owned. In September 2012, one day I walked 16 miles in Amsterdam, The Netherlands. I proudly own three pairs.", "It's what i was looking for. Comfortable, nice and the most important... Almost All Black and the price was excellent, because here in my country i did not find a black nike and the prices here are almost the same and here we don't have with this colors...", "I really like these shoes. They are very comfortable and light. The only problem they have is the laces come undone constantly when wearing pants. It's very annoying", "Excellent product arrived on time the desired size, very gentle jogging shoes.Very good priceExcelente producto llego a tiempo la talla deseada, zapatos muy suaves para trotar.Muy buen precio", "I have been wearing Nike Shox for a long time now. These pair must be my favorite though. They look very stylish and are incredibly comfortable. I was a little skeptical about ordering them online because I usually have a difficult time finding the right fit with my shoes, but the day I put these on they were a perfect fit. This was a great buy.", "The shipping was immediate & the shoes are excellent quality!! Our son say's that they are very comfortable & he gets a lot of attention for his cool shoes at school.The size does not run large or small. They were right on the money for us.", "I first heard of the benefits of Nike Shox from an Registered Nurse friend of mine. She had a horrible case of plantar fasciitis and tried the Nike Shox after hearing they were helpful for that particular condition. I trust whatever a nurse has to say, and her review of these shoes was extraordinary - she credited them with getting her feet back in order - and for curing her plantar fasciitis. My father also suffered from plantar fasciitis - I bought him a pair of the Shox and - bang - here we are just a couple of months later and HE feels much, much better as well (stretching and icing the foot are also helpful)... He credits the shoes, stretching/icing, and hasn't had a need to see the podiatrist since purchasing them (no more shots, just a switch in his shoes!)... High reviews for these kicks!!!", "excellent high quality rubber, a premium model since they are atatomicas and fit the foot, the fabric is very strong and durable", "This are with out a doubt the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn! They give such arch and sole support. Plus, they take away the shock and impact with every step. The seller is amazing also! With such quick processing and shipping I had them the next day ( with next day shipping of course) Great investment!", "I knew that shox's were mainly for fashion but I was expecting them to be a little more comfortable than they are. but the do look great.", "At first I had my doubts because of how the materials looked. But I must say they are very resistant, I'v had this shoes for almost 10 months and they look great, the sole is practically intact. I use this shoes at least 3 times a week. I do recommend them. They are very comfortable and look very nice.", "Really like these shoes, I am on my second pair. I us them for work, I am on my feet on average 9 to 10 hours a day on a concrete floor, and these give great support. They are very roomy not tight fitting at all, just a great shoe overall. Only knock is they are expensive, but given the support and comfort they give, I would definitely by again.", "Hi I need 2 pairs of shoes size 8.5. when you will have that sizeNike Shox Turbo+ 12 Mens Running Shoes [454166-001] Black/Black-Metallic Cool Grey-Metallic Cool Grey Mens Shoes 454166-001I hope your answer. help me", "Hello,I bought this item for my boyfriend, he is really happy. I saw the running shoes and i love it.Thank you so much!Greetings,Silvana", "These shoes brought me lots of attentions. People kept looking at them. I think they look too good for me. It's very nice looking and the yellow bottom is a bit bright.", "These running shoes are very light and very comfortable to wear. After saying that the shoe looking just awesome is an added bonus. A little pricey but definitely worth it. Wearing these running shoes I feel I can run faster in them. Really.", "Amazing most comfortable shoes I have purchased this year! Highly recommended for runners, and for athletes, their light and snug.", "I've worn these Nike running shoes for years.  They have a wide stance, and really absorb shocks.  They are the most comfortable shoes I've ever worn.  I'm rally sorry that Nike quit making them.", "This top is flattering on and I liked the look of the fabric. It is wool on the outside and a synthetic layer on the inside; great idea to address the itchiness of wool. Unfortunately, the fabric snags very easily - almost like a pair of nylons. My shirt snagged the day I purchased it. I checked the shirt's reviews on the Nike website at the time (I no longer see any reviews on their website for some reason) and a couple of other customers experienced the same issue. Hopefully, they will revise the fabric to make it less snag resistant in the future.", "I had worn these sneakers for about a week, and one day when I went to tie them the lace ripped right through the eyelet. I ended up going to Foot Locker, because I thought I could just exchange it there, apparently this was last years style. I paid more than what I should have. Foot Locker was gracious though, it was in their system, so they allowed me to get the newer model as an exchange.", "I have a pair with the same product number-I wear these at work-cabinetry and trim work so they see a lot of use/abuse.The last ones I had (which are on my feet now, nearly 10mo later) just lasted and lasted. My shoes normally go flat on the inside. These shoes hurt my feet after just a couple of weeks. These just are NOT the same.Combine that with slow shipping and the fact that I saved 50.00 off the original pair doesn't seem so great.", "They don't fit. Need to return. What more needs to be said. They are to tight or made wrong cuz I've had the same shoe in the past and had no problem in sizing", "Using these shoes for about 3 months and the left shoe started a squicky noise while walking. Very annoying. Paid a premium to buy such high end nike shoe but useless.", "great shoes for a very low price! on top of that, one of the most comfortable shoes ever! great alternative for a cost efficient running shoe.", "It is not that beautifully as it showed on te website, the color is a little dark and after I wear it for 3month, it begin to wear out. I just wear it once a week !", "My daughter is very delighted with the look, fit, and feel of these shoes. Everyone of her friends wears Nike's and now she is happy that she fits in. A really pretty shoe. Looks even better than the pictures.", "SHOES CAME ON TIME WITH A TRACKING NUMBER AND THEY FIT BUT A LITTLE TOO SMALL. I WOULD RECOMMEND GETTING A HALF SIZE BIGGER.", "I love these sneakers.  I have them in black too.  They can be put in the washer as long as you take out the insers.", "When I wear this shoes,looks my feet be too big  , also it not comfortable wearing , but quality is good", "Good product for outdoor, winter running.  Sizing runs narrow, and I have wide feet, hence the 3 stars.  Fat footers beware, make sure to get a half size larger or get a wide size.", "Excellent Shoe....*Classic high-top cut for comfort and support.*Leather upper for durability.*Foam-padded collar with Achilles heel pad for protection.*Fabric lining and a cushioned sockliner for all-day comfort.*Lace-up front and a foam-padded tongue for optimum fit and feel.", "Great shoe for the price and comfort!  They have been put through 2 seasons and still going strong!  Hope his feet slow down.", "This is a fairly good product.  I have heard reviews stating that if you purchase this product, make sure you wear it 'only' for that event when you do it.  Well, I (try to) play basketball and I do this once or twice a week.  These shoes have great support on the ankle but as the other reviews have mentioned, it doesn't last too long if you use it for normal wear.  I've had these shoes for 3 months now and I'm starting to see the wear and tear, but so far not too bad of a shoe.  Just don't wear it for normal every day use, otherwise, within, I imagine, 3-4 months of wearing them, you may have to buy another pair.", "I really enjoy these shoes, they are very comfortable and I like their look.  I would happily buy them again.", "Everything was great but the shoes had a small scuff on the toe. They also fit kinda tight for my size.", "Is there going to be a size 11.5 coming anytime?id buy a pair if my size was available to be purchased.", "the shoes can in on time, but the box that it came in was in terrible shape the shoes look like they had been worn as they were lace different from shoe to shoe and the white look like it had been wash parts of it was not as white as other parts.the shoes do fit and they are comfortable.", "My very fussy teenage son loves these shoes, they arrive very quickly and were well packaged, by that I mean they can in the ACTUAL shoe box wrapped instead of inside an enormous box with air pockets etc like some other shoes have.", "Dd", "this is the third pair I have purchased they fit and wear great look good with most things I wear, too old for white tennis type shoe", "I want a pair in this color in size 12 and they have been out of stock for over a year I have called amazon and they are not restocking them. These are the most comfortable boots I have ever owned .I  am on concrete  10-12 hours a day a bad back ,bad  knee  and I love them. Just tremendous", "Comfortable, durable, waterproof. I have hiked all over Colorado foothills in them and they are wonderful! If you buy these boots you won't be disappointed.", "This is a sturdy, albeit a bit heavy, snow boot. Unfortunately it was too big and I sent it back.", "Little unconfortable especially foot hill and the toes. Like the colour and the design, the shoe laces should be little broder.", "EXCELLENT PRODUCT AND PRICE .EXCELLENT QUALITY WHAT OTHER BRANDPRICE IS GOOD WHAT OTHER BRANDSI LIKE THIS COLOR AND MATERIAL", "excellent product, very comfortable and cool, very good quality, they are very beautiful, are perfect for touring around, and its low weight comodidiad", "el producto es lo esperado, calidad total muy c&oacute;modos y ergon&oacute;micos para realizar entrenamiento.la entrega se realizo dentro de los tiempos estipulados recomendados 100%", "Shoes were as pictures right size came in on time very happy with this purchase not a knock off brand good shoes!", "I always enjoy some good shox that fit, and when I say \"fit\" I mean that I feel like they were made for my feet. Now I'm just waiting for a pair of steel toe or hard toe slip-on boots(or lace-up) that fit this well.... Hint hint Nike... Big business.......", "did i make this purchase? can't remember it at all. i wonder who has these shoes - i don't have them", "wow these are nice! i was stoked to open the box and realize they outdid themselves. since theyre are limited pics availible i was afraid they would be too thin or make my foot look narrow. build quality is top notch and the color is unique. def glad i picked them up..... if even at full retail price. so despite them being 140$ theyre still a good buy in my opinion. i went to the nike outlets but couldnt find anything comparable in terms of styling, IF all i wanted was a pair of shox then yes the outlets had a few for 80-100$ but these are exactly what i was looking for, i found pics of all gold ones and black with gold logo/shox, if amazon had them i would had picked up a pair of each of those as well. haha", "They look better from the side than they do from the top. From the top they look like you're a tin man in the wizard of oz, but they're nice and nearly comfortable for shox. Shox are not the most comfortable running shoes, in my opinion, but i think they're more trendy-ish than functional. Surprisingly, they don't feel as narrow as usual and formed well to my feet.", "The shoes are wonderful, however, my size is 9.5 yet I bought an NZ Shox at ten & half to accommodate the width of my feet earlier. Thinking they would fit the same I discovered they did not.  So, with this style (R4) one needs no consideration of width and should order your regular shoe size.  They were the coolest shoe.  Thanks to an understanding seller - I did return them and went elsewhere for a different shoe.  That's another story.Order your regular size for the R4. :)", "the shoes arrived in 2 day where other places i ordered from with a similar product took 5 days or more. the item was in stock and it matched what i saw online.", "Love them!  Nice wide forefoot area, plenty of cushioning and a built in water resistant barrier.  I returned some Asics GEL-Attack 7 Running shoe and Adidas Thrashers because the forefoot area was too small.  These are just overall a better fit for my wider foot.  It you need a narrow shoe you're going to be floating around a bit.  I just wish I'd have bought three pair when they were on sale for $69.", "I've been surprised about these tennis shoes. They are better than I expected. It has a good grip even on wet outdoor tracks or mud. It's cushion is very good and confortable, and protects from some sharp stones you could step over. I will probably buy another one when I need.", "My second pair of Free Run+ shoes and I love them.  I wore them once for 4 miles and then the next time for 11, they are perfect to run in right out of the box.  Last time I bought men's because I liked the colors better.  These make me feel like a Smurf, but they are so comfy I don't care.", "Love, LOVE, LOVE!!! These shoes!Super Lightweight, grippy soles, breathable, good arch support and very comfortable.Love the color too. I would buy these again.", "I bought this for my son who was very pleased with it. Was a bit skeptical because we never purchased shoes online,  but this turned out great.The Packaging was very good and delivery exactly as advised.  I am now being pestered to buy the grey in this same style for him (lol )will be purchasing soon from this source again.", "these are my favorite shoes they fit perfectly and shipped very fast and are great shoes overall and worth the money.", "fit like a sneaker but is not sturdy like a boot.  also true to size.  i would by again but was kind of bulky looking", "I like the shoes especially the sole which provides a stable footing on the court.The top particularly the heel is strong and provides a full support to the ankle area. I wish the top was a bit higher up to the ankles. I hope there is another type of the same make that goes up to the ankle. I would recommnd this to anyoe who wants to be on bb court.", "Love this sneaker - my absolute favoriteNo other sneaker is as comfortable & affordablePerfect for walking - running - Zumba & step classes -", "I NEED SIZE 10.5.....PLEASE PLEASE...THIS SHOE IS SO PERFECT AND AWSOME...I REALLY LIKE IT....THE BEST BASKETBALL SHOE IS THIS ONE....FITS SO PERFECTLY.....", "Great shoe for just weight training/ cross training. But try not to use these just for long runs.  It'll kill your feet with in time.", "Comfortable and stylish. Well made.  My daughter loves playing basketball and thinks these shoes are fun. She loves the Velcro strap and lace combination.", "These are super light cleats that increase speed but offer little protection from blisters (heal & big toes) without proper protection.", "loved the bright color and I have had no complaints from my son on the fit or feel.  He plays soccer for his high school", "- Correct size.- Correct color.- Good quality.- Very confortable to play.", "oh estos son muy confortabesmuy buenos megustan  muchopara mi estos son muy bueno comodo y no golpean como otros", "tacos agradables al colocar, buenos para todo tipo de c&eacute;sped tremendo impulso buen material se adapta con gran facilidad para tomar potencia en el recorrido", "They for perfect ..couldn't be better. I would recommend these and buying from this buyer anyday. Cant wait to play football in them and ball out!", "...Cleats arrived exactly in time for my son's soccer game. What impressed us most was the break-in period-totally unnecessary! The shoes fit perfectly and he went from box to game with them and didn't even get a blister. They are softer, more flexible and a lighter shoe for running. We always buy the best shoes for our athletes and were surprised when he didn't want the kangaroo leather shoes again. These were significantly cheaper and truly a better shoe.", "Couldn't find his size anywhere but online, they fit perfectly and he absolutelty loved them. Hopefully they make it throught this football season.", "For $80 you can't beat the price for this pair of Nike Shox.  I love these shoes because their comfortable and they look kinda stylish on Jeans Friday at work.  Watch Colony is also great seller with some unbelievable prices.", "These sunglasses are wonderful.  The lenses are extremely clear.  Ths is,y there pair of nike sunglasses and I am never disappointed.", "Great pair. Fits well and very comfortable.", "Great fit, my daughter enjoys wearing them, especially when competing in sporting events.", "I had these lime green airmax when they first came out, super excited to have them again. Sneakers are perfect and the shipping was on time! Will do business again!", "They looked really bulky and fat/ Wide not like the store and I am not a big fan of returning items especially through the mail", "Brought a size 6.5 in boys size.... I a woman that wears a 8 in woman's... They r real and the same ones that r in the stores in Nyc.... I have 5 different colors n now this is number 6......", "I love these sneakers, which I owned many years ago. They're very comfortable to wear and I love the colors. Put them on as soon as I got them and wore them all day.", "I love love love the 95's.  It is my favorite sneaker and I've replaced this sneaker at least 5 times since they've come out.  They're comfortable, stylish and go with almost everything.  I've been searching for a replacement pair for months and was so happy when I found these (lots of knockoffs floating around).  These sneakers are a must have and they're also durable.", "They're a little snug around my son's feet, which aren't particularly wide.  However the length is as expected.  Very cushioned.", "Had these when they 1st came out. I wear a 6.5 in women and the 4.5 fits good. The sneaker is wider than other sneakers (Jordan's).", "i've always liked the style of the max 95 shoes. they make my feet look a little wide but i still wear them. great buy. they came on time and are as described", "Best sneakers and so comfortable. Absolutely delightful to wear them and would even buy another pair when I would need to.", "I order a pair every year and I love them more and more every year these are classics .. love them", "The fit really good and they are the real thing. I love the way they look on my feet. I just ordered them Friday and they came today when they said I was supposed to get them March 6.", "Nooo! I lost my favorite sunglasses. I had these in chrome and blue, but they disappeared somehow. They are really cool to look at, and give excellent protection from the sun. And most importantly, they are really comfortable to wear. No pressure on my ears, nose or temples. Obviously I'm getting a new pair (gunmetal/black this time, as chrome/blue was not available).", "Because of the design.The glasses are fine. Its just the shape is too narrow toward the bottom. And kinda small as well", "my son love it, very good material and nice look, my son love it, very good material and nice look", "My 15 year old son had wanted these cleats, they are super light weight and comfortable. He is a size 13 and this is not an easy size to get. He loves them and would highly recommend them to any soccer player.", "I gave these to my Son for Christmas, and he absolutely loved them. Which made me so happy because I couldn't afford the more expensive ones and these were right on budget. They run about a 1/2 size bigger than most tennis shoes, my Son is a size 6 now, but I knew they ran a little bigger from a previous purchase, so I figured 5 1/2 would work.", "This is an awesome shoe! Fits well and holds your foot secure with a built in ankle neoprene front/rear tongue pull tab, which is made out of thick durable stretchy neoprene. Very durable, but the shoe slights bends on the side by the toe box. i haven't had the shoe long enough to know if it will crease n tear. Other than that, very comfy and so far seemingly well made!", "Excelente dise&ntilde;o, &uacute;nico. Combinaci&oacute;n perfecta de l&iacute;neas entre cristales y marco. Deportivos y elegantes, todo en uno... Sencillamente perfectos, para todo momento, casual, elegante y deportivo", "I like these frames a lot. I bought them to replace the same that broke. I like the sporty look of the frames.", "Atendeu completamente minhas expectativas. A armao &eacute; realmente leve, e o design bastante esportivo. Muito bom para correr e para usar no dia a dia.", "These eyeglasses sura are comfortable and very nice looking. That's the main reason I bought them. Besides they are wide so they don't get tight. The main problem with these eyeglasses is the material. The nose pads didn't last 2 months, they deteriorate extremely easily. I got a new pair of the original nose pads and they also didn't last more than two months. So I ended up using a pair of nose pads that are transparent and round that are the only that could fit these eyeglasses. One of the temples already have a crack in it, it's not broken, but it is leaking form that crack, I guess my eyeglasses won't make it to the second year of existence.So that's my conclusion, they are really comfortable, excelent on that, but they are not durable, they won't last more than two years. The nose pads won't last 3 months. So if you want a pair of comfortable and good looking disposable eyeglasses, don't look any further.", "I have been looking for these shoes everywheree n have only been able to find them here. Please put up more sizes so I can finally have a pair of these fresh sneakers !!!!!!", "This is a good-looking shoe, but it is not a comfortable shoe, and definitely not a performance shoe.  I was really suprised that the Air Jordan brand would produce such a low quality product.  The upper is a stiff synthetic material, and the soles feel thin and squishy.  These shoes do not deserve the jumpman logo.", "I bought this shoe to my friend who is a big soccer fan. He's so please with it and now he can practice every day with no worries as he says :).", "I was surprised at how authentic the material for this jersey feels. It has fabric patterns that mimic a performance jersey. The corporate lettering is ironed on the mid-chest but the Nike logo and Arsenal crest are stitched on. Also, it says \"Arsenal\" on the back of the neck like most authentic jerseys do. The only gripe I have is that the Arsenal crest is a bit smaller than I'm used to seeing.", "These sneaker are an Very comfortable and cute. The neon laces are a great contrast to the black & white pattern of the shoe.", "The product feels good. It's lite, it allows me to run with comfort. In all, this is a great buy and a great shoe.", "first off i like the material of the frame.. light on the face and also durable. color combination is nice and perfect for anything that you will wear. i like the big leather case too it protects the sunglasses when you are not wearing it.", "i absolutely love them thank god i started xmas shoppn early cause these woulda been gone and they are my daughters gonna love hers lol i love mine she like mine dnt know she got a pair too", "Fit is perfect. Very well constructed boots. Super color. Will hopefully last a long time. I wish they came in more colors for boys.", "Always have loved Nike Air Max Goadome.  First time where price was affordable and I'm glad because it was well worth the buy.  Love the color and they are very comfortable.", "In general, Nike makes a great running shoe. This one was a little disappointing. Not much support or cushioning. The best feature is the vented panels near the toes and sides which does help to keep your feet cooler. The laces are also short for this shoe. Overall, not really happy with the purchase.", "I am heavyset and these shoes give me great support and keep my feet from hurting.  Love Nike Zoom Vomero's and will keep buying them.", "I love Nike running shoes. I really do; Nike is the only brand I wear, but this pair almost turned me off them completely. Very uncomfortable, very poorly made. The soles are put together weird, so they squeak when you walk. The tread is made of some weird foam that doesn't provide proper traction, but squeaks really loud when you get it wet. Just the other day I walked through a little damp grass to go inside and a friend made a comment about how loud they were, just to give you an idea of how bad a problem this is. After only a few months of wear, the support collapsed almost completely. I am very disappointed by these shoes and will not purchase anything from the vomero line ever again.", "I use these shoes mostly for running on a treadmill at my gym.  They feel a little tighter than previous Vomero's but  I like snug shoes when I jog.  I'm a bigger fellow at 235 lbs and I find the cushioning sufficient and what I was expecting from the Vomero's.  My only gripe with the Vomero (previous versions too) is that the blown rubber forefoot sole wears down a bit quick for my liking, but then it also contributes to the cushioning.  Overall I think they are a good option for bigger runners who don't need the structure like the Asics Kayano and just want cushioning.", "about 13 months ago I had my running style professionally measured and received 5 viable options, I chose based off of looks at that point and the Vomero won with a stylish grey/blue with a hint of neon green. When I first ran in the shoes I thought they were a little stiff, but within about a week they were already perfectly broken in. A year and about 600-700 miles later I am still in love.I was able to wear these every day for my Army ROTC PT and I never had an issue, rain, sleet, cold, hot, these shoes did it all.  As expected the sole is a little worn out and I just had to change insoles after all this time, but they will be a perfect bad weather shoe once I get my new pair.", "I've used Vomero before and it was extremely comfortable.  This one rubbed my toes and hurts big time.  I've tried different sizes - no difference.  I had to return it unfortunately.", "Very very comfy...soft and good support all the way around.  My fav next to the Air Pegasus. Good buy for me", "I walk with these babies for 12-14 hrs a day sometimes and i dont feel any pain.......looking forward to buying another pair :)", "after about two months of searching i have decided to go with those beautiful pair of Nike shoes, i'm really glad that i have got them, look nice and my feet feel comfortable wearing them. go nike!", "Now on my second pair of these and I find them amazingly cool (thanks to the mesh side venting) and comfortable.  Soles and inserts are long lasting -- practically \" as new\" after almost a year.  I find the platinum/gray color a good change from the white too.", "The cusion of the sole has changed and Vomero has not been the same for years now.  Please go back to the former sole material.", "Simply one of the best shoes on the market if you require cushioning.  The + logo allows sync which is nice.", "Best neutral shoe in the market, my 5th pair in 4 years of everyday running, more color options will be warmly welcome", "This is the last pair of vomeros I buy. I have had each iteration and after 3 or 4 they have become increasing worse. They are less \"cushiony\" and (I know it's not supposed to matter to a real runner) less stylish. They still do the job, but are not the quality they were a few years ago.", "fits as expected.  I order the same size and style yearly.  Color selection was not great but it works out OK", "The Vomero+ 7 is comfortable and absorbs most of the impact. Before that I used the Vomero+5 and Pegasus 27, and in my opinion the Vomero+7 is a evolution.", "A great shoe and I am a big user of the Nike + system so that was the first requirement. The Amazon price was excellent. The shoe fits perfectly and the color and style is also excellent.A light weight shoe but provides me with good support and there is enough room if arch support is used. I added the Scholls 430 insert (my personal fit) giving me additional support without having to remove the Nike liner. The shoe therefore becomes a little tighter for me but still very comfortable with tremendous support.", "This is the shoe that I use for running.  I love the shoe and it arrived timely and has been a great experience.", "I like the NIKE Zoom Vomero model; the shoe fits well, and is comfortable, which allows me to wear this day-in day-out. I have had the Vomero 5, Vomero 6 and now the Vomero 7+, and I have used them on daily basis.Would recommend anyone to buy these shoes for running and everyday.", "I searche the web for the Nike Vomero+ 7's as I really like the fit / design of theolder model and I found it on Amazon.  Great shoe / value !!", "When I spend $100 on running shoes, I expect them to last a minimum of one year.  After 10 miles of running the black rubber bottoms became unattached from the white rubber cushions.  Now I am beyond the Amazon return date policy and I have wasted $100 on a pair of worthless shoes.  This will be last pair of Nike running shoes.  This will be the last running shoe order I place with Amazon.", "These are great shoes, but they are not like the older versions, I loved the Vomero+2-5 series, they were a lot better quality and built shoe.  FYI - I paid $130 for these in July 2013, save yourself some money and go to the factory outlet where they are selling this shoe for $80.  I wasn't too happy the weekend I got these when I shopped at the outlet store to see them for $80.  I was looking for a pair of walk around Nike's and couldn't believe a couple days before I paid $130 for them.  Blah!", "Bought a pair in April for $99. Now the exact same shoe is listed at $130 &#34;discounted&#34; to $120.  Shoe is ok but I'll shop elsewhere.", "Great shoes, but i bought the wrong size. If youre military, i recommend these if youve been injured. Theyre comfortable and support well. Feels like running on clouds. Or sun bleached sand without the resistance.", "I had some already that I wore until they were holey. So glad to get more. I love these shoes.", "This was a gift for my son for Christmas. He loves it. He works out all the time, he said this bag is ideal.", "I like the bag and kept it. It is very nice but not what I would consider a LARGE duffel. It's just a regular duffel bag.", "It's very convenient especially with travailing and taking cloths to the dry-clean also a keeps cloths needs.", "This is a very good and durable bad but most of all it's huge! i can put my whole closet in there and there would still be room i highly recommend! Thank you!", "Like my title says...Great bag for a great price. Very handsome!! I can't seem to find a bag big enough for me to handle all of my stuff but this one is a good size and deep side pocket is very helpful.", "Good", "The bag is the perfect size! Not too long or wide making it easy to carry but still having plenty of room to carry everything I need to get ready at the gym post workout. A little pricy, but it seems well made so should last a long time. There is only one small zipper pocket inside the bag, a zippered shoe area on the side and a mesh pocket on the other side. So, not much storage for items. It will keep me from putting stuff in the pockets and forgetting about it I guess! I just put two separate makeup bags, with my items in them, inside the main compartment with my clothes, problem solved. The colors are great and the material is easy to keep clean. Very happy with purchase!", "This bag is super cute and functional. Lots of space inside, several pockets, and gotta love all the pink! It's an all-around great gym bag.", "After my previous gym bag was ruined in the wash I purchased this gym bag and I love it. It's big enough for my gym clothes and lunch but not so big I can't keep it under my desk at work. I absolutely love the separate compartment for my shoes as my previous bag did not have that and I hated it. I would definitely recommend this bag to others.", "Totally love this shoes when I received. Nice color and fit size as well. I will purchase again if need it.", "I positively LOVE LOVE THESE SNEAKERS!!!!!  SO COMFORTABLE AND LIGHT!! COLOR IS GORGEOUS TOO!! PERFECT FOR WORKING OUT OR WALKING....DISNEY WORLD HERE I COME!!!!", "love these nikes. basic black and white coloring goes with a lot. super light and very comfortable. not a ton of support, but great for travel, excercise and everyday", "Lots of walking and touring this year to Western Caribbean and Hawaiian Islands. These shoes will work get their workout.", "d e f i n i  e l y l o v e m y shoes was everything i especting", "Extremely comfortable ! ! ! ! ! ! !  Best shoe I ever bought ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !", "its really tight around the toes and I only worn it twice and it hurts my toes. Very cool looking sneaker but painful to walk in, so it just sit in the shoe box now in great condition. I have to look into a better sneaker now.", "Buen vendedor, producto en buen estado y despachado en el tiempo indicado, responsable, atento, los zapatos se encuentran bien, totalmente nuevoss", "Purchased this size 12 for my 15 year old.  I was very concerned that it was going to make his already long foot looker longer.  It did not.  It looks great on his foot.  He says that it is very comfortable. We were looking at some nike free 5.0 at Dick's sporting good and we are glad we purchased these.  They were half the price with the same comfort.", "After reading reviews, I ordered a half size larger, and I'm glad I did. Just right, and very comfortable. I just did a 5K in them, and barely realized they were there. I will be buying more pairs in a slightly less noticeable color for everyday wear", "buen calzado, me parecieron lo mejor.. rapido y atentos con mi compra, espero comprarles nuevamente en alguna oportunidad e mi vida.", "Wonderful shoe. Fits true to size. Great quality. Feels like I'm walking on air. The color is great also, goes with everything.", "I love these sneakers.  It's my third pair of the exact same style different color scheme though.  The kid's size is a little more wider than the women's shoe of the same kind.  Makes leaning forward more comfortable on the sides of your feet when bent.  Good for playing indoor volleyball.  More traction so there is less sliding when reaching, diving and roling to get a volleyball in play.  Love these snealkers !!", "I purchased them a size larger on purpose and they work just fine. My daughter loves them, I wish I could find another pair in a different color!", "I bought these for my brother for $94. I saw these in Modell's after I got them for around $70 at retail pricing (no sales or anything). Guess I got ripped but he likes the shoes so oh well.", "Just got these shoes for my grandson. He is 17 years old and he really likes them. They aren't as light as they look in the picture and he said he wished they had better shoes laces but that's something you can always buy. He likes them and they look good.", "The shoes are comfortable & Stylish. The fabric is great. I don't think they are perfect for the court but i still recommend for training", "We are awaiting smaller sizes to be in stock so younger siblings can acquire them!  They will be perfect for the Spring season!!!!", "A new soccer season is approaching and my T-90s were worn down like crazy. I saw these and had to buy them. I got serial number \"0000006\" which is pretty cool considering how awesome the cleats are. So day one of conditioning, I knew it was gunna suck because I havent yet broken them in. They felt weird, way too long and EXEXTREMELY narrow. (And I wear a 15, but bought a 14 to fit better). Its been almost a month now, and they have yet to conform to my feet. Oh well, im playing soccer in style, but pain also.", "This was cleat was a gift to my boyfriend for christmas he wears a size 9 in regular shoes he needed a 10.5 so 1.5 size up then his regulat shoes nike cleats come small he loves them firs perfect", "I got an insanely good pair well before the expected delivery. I use them mostly for Ultimate, but they're pretty good for football as well!", "Son very much. He says that they are very light and sit comfortably on foot. Bought one size bigger and they came in. They are a little less than its size.", "Received these as a gift.  Feel comfortable, lenses seem very clear.  But I prefer polarized lenses, especially at this price.  No indication on box or glasses regarding my question.", "great protection for your eyes, wind doesn't get into your eyes, great look, great lenses...also have the sunglasses in black...great product.........", "This was a gift for my teenaged son. He loves it and wears it regularly.We are happy with the quality and make... it has lasted well to date.", "Really nice, bout them as a gift for my male friend, he loves them, great gift, and not too expensive.", "Once again this was ordered for my son, a lot of white but then it's not for me to wear. My son is pleased which is most important. he ordered 9.5 which is a half size up to his regular size.", "These glasses are fine, maybe a little bigger than I would prefer them to be. The one problem I have is that I left them in the car in the summer, and the silicon nose piece essentially melted off. That wouldn't be a huge issue, except for these particular sunglasses that nose piece is glued on (as opposed to screwed on with other models) and you can't get replacements.", "Let me first say that these shoes are not for everyone and like most products need to be used to be able to give a real review.  The shoes are very light and the lunar foam or whatever the sole is made of is more for people who do not like to feel every curl and part of their run.  For me, this is working great as i've just got back to running and my mechanics are all wrong.  The lightweight and raised sole gives you a bit of lift in your run, which is greatly appreciated.  The shoes are very durable and the insoles come out to make cleaning and washing easy which to me is a plus because i can't run without hitting puddles from sprinklers or getting rained on.  Easy to clean, breathe very well, and are not bad to transition into a gym workout and then back out on the road home from the gym.  Will buy another pair when ready!", "These shoes sre the best ever. When you try the zoom rookies on you feel like you can do anything. I would recomend these shoes to anyone who is in to style and people who love shoes period.", "I have read many reviews on this boot, and some of them state that the boot is very good quality and looks great too.  I agree.  Some have stated that they fit snug.  I agree with this too.  They are very comfortable and I have gotten a lot of compliments on their looks.  I will update this with a report on how they handle rough and rocky desert mountain trails and whether or not they give good ankle support when I get them broken in.Update:  Well, I am embarrassed to say that I have not been hiking in these boots, but they have become my favorite casual wear boots.  They are just too darned attractive to scuff up!  They are very comfortable and I still get loads of compliments on how good they look.  Maybe I will buy another pair in black, or gray,or even green for hiking.", "Horrible! ordered brown boots and received GREEN boots! When I checked out it said \"brown boots\" why they sent green I do not know.", "This pair  of MJ's really  make you look bad ass!! They just look good! Seller  is  also very fast on this item. They  aren't flimsy at all once you have them and wear them!", "The vendor did exactly what they were supposed to do. Delivered the item I ordered on time. However I don't like the band on the watch. Uncomfortable due to the rubber used and too stiff. Very little give.", "They go great with every outfit and after a long walk you're not tired... The only down side is that being all white you have to clean them often if you want them to look new for more time but that's the same for all white shoes!", "Im not Jordan shoe fan (because I feel they're over priced) but these are perfect with shorts and or jeans.", "Couldn't find these shoes anywhere in the malls, ordered on here and they were a great price and actually received them earlier than the projected date. Brand new, clean, with box and everything", "The owner liked his shoes, but the packaging was awful, one box of shoes in a gigantic box packed with a load of air sacks. The packaged moved from over 2 pounds to 5 pounds costing me extra money to ship from the usa to the Caribbean.", "color and fit are great.  My son wears these for football and the color matches perfect to the teams colors (royal blue).", "I'm flat-footed and have trouble finding comfortable running shoes period. This shoe is very comfortable, light, not too snug, has lots of cushioning, supports my arch, and is stylish also. I highly recommend!", "Nice shoes for basketball. Delivered as expected, no issues, the shoe is comfortably, the weight is light nice to make some moves on the court. I'm happy with this pair.", "These shoes are all around great! The colors were exactly what I expected and they are also great running shoes!", "i have been waiting for these shoes for soooo long and finally got them, the only part that kinda suprised me was the real color, in your logo picture that everyone looks at, the shoes look greenish, so i was kinda expecting to get a light green shoe but got highlight yellow color, and one more thing is the sole on the inside isnt glued into the shoe?? whats up with that?? sometimes when i take them off the padding comes out. you should glue them in next time please... other wise i like them alot.", "The shoes are a perfect fit and I love wearing them; the color is zippy and the shoe very comfortable..", "Very comfortable technology for a sneaker. I like these for walking and heavy free-weight strength training like squats/lunges on squat rack etc. At first the muscles in my feet were sore and tired from wearing them the first few times, but then my feet seemed to get stronger and they felt normal in the shoes after that. When I occassionally wear my old Nike's again my feet feel unusually constricted. It's also breathable so I find if I'm putting on cold sneakers, they warm up faster than other sneakers.The one downside is that the entire shoe seems to not last as long as other workout shoes. The sole wears out unusually fast and in an odd pattern because of the flexible squares. The fabric material around the rest of the shoe is also fragile and can snag and tear somewhat easily,", "True to size. Very comfortable for my wider foot. Not a ton of support for wearing for very long periods of time. Would recommend.", "Love these sneakers!  True to size and pretty comfortable.  I'm used to sneakers with a little more sole strength, but other than that love them and the colors are great!", "Fit well and true to size, cute, trendy, nice color without being neon flashy, and &uuml;ber comfy.  Wear to step and circuit, plyometrics, weights, and running. Winners!", "This is the third pair of this style that I have purchase (different colours) They are so comfortable and look great as wellEveryone always comments of these nike's", "these shoes are wonderfully comfortable for me being on my feet for 8 to 11 hours a day love that ,but the problem is that they fit tight at the front of the toes area i guess being a D size in width,  it took a week or more of stretching with a shoe tree break them in", "top quality shoes. They are a little narrow near the toes and the heel support could be better...I stretched the toe areaby stuffing the shoes with old t-shirts...I am on my feet 7 hours a day out of an 8 hour shift and I have sensitive feet..Also, the picture of this item does not reflect the very good styling and rugged design...This shoe does take more weight offyour heels and more evenly distributes over you entire foot.  I was having severe lower back pain because my previous shoesput all my weight on my heels which transferred it to my lower back muscles. No more back pain... and every day my foot pain is decreasing...", "I love this shoe...I wish I could find the same shoe in all white.  Its my favorite pair of shoes when working as a freelance photographer, light weight and most comfortable.", "Love this shoe this is my second pair!!! I wish they continued to make this shoe! The most comfortable shoe to referee in!", "very good, it was just I wanted. How do you rate this product. How do you rate this product very", "...and don't go higher than a women's 10. Otherwise, they would be perfect. Lightweight and the perfect width if your feet are a bit narrow. Go up half a size if you can.", "The shoes were shipped fast and had no shipping and handling when I ordered. Overall good shoe, not uncomfortable even when they aren't broken in.The toe is a little longer and more narrow than I thought it would be which is why it did not receive the full 5 stars. Generally though, I would recommend.", "Comfortable and cute, as expected. If you're on your feet for a while I would suggest Dr. Scholls inserts because it's rare to find shoes that are are very cushiony.", "I bought these shoes to wear on my vacation to Europe. They are very comfortable and I wore them to walk around in all day. Not only are they comfortable, they're also super fun and sleek looking.", "as an everyday casual shoe these do the job. I dont plan on hicking in them just being comfortable in the office.  If you have worn nikes before you know what to expect in the size and fit.", "Fine, good time and price. I buy a great gift to my daugther, she say, is very soft and can play fine.", "WOW. That's all I can say about these hot sapphire Nike Mercurial Victory III Firm Ground Football Boots. The only thing mercurial will be the speed at which these sizzling hot cleats make panties drop.There is no question that these are the sexiest cleats every created. NONE. These things will make your feet ejaculate. These shoes will have the ladies all over you like you were Jerramy Stevens' fists. I can't put into words how amazing these sapphire beauts look. You have to see it with your own eyes. Just don't stare directly at them for too long. You'll get an erection, guaranteed. And it's hard to play coed adult kickball when you're hard as a rock.So don't take it from me. Take it from my opponents, who just watched me launch another bomb over their outfielders' heads with my sexy cleats. Take it from them, as they watch me stomp on home plate in front of their helpless faces. And take it from them as they watch me bed their women rapid-fire like a cum-shooting Gatling gun.Get your hands on the sapphire Mercurial hotness. And don't look back.", "The product arrived in the estimated time. I am very happy with my product. Very good! I recommend to everyone.", "I love this new style I wanted to get it long time ago but I couldn't I finally had the chance  and I didn't hesitate one bit when I saw the sale..I receive the package on time moreover it's well packaged , I love my new Nike Mercurial cany wait to try it totally worth the price!!!", "I love this boot...excellent fit comfortable table...however, I got blisters on the back of heel, so I couldn't give it 5 *", "These indoor shoes are seriously so cool. The bottom has an American flag type pattern that's too cool. Overall, the most stylish indoor shoes I've owned. Highly recommended", "Well, first of all, I am a HUGE Nike fan. This shoe met my expectations of the brand. It is very comfortable and neat. I am already considering getting a similar pair. :)", "I own many pairs of Nikes in various styles, all size 10.5. This is the first pair of Nikes that actually do not fit my feet. Both the length and width are very tight. I won't be able to wear them. Too bad because they really look awesome and unique. Partner wears 9.5 and said width has tight on his feet as well.", "The shoes look nice, and he loves them, but they wear very very poorly particularly the bottoms, and within the first week of mild usage the bottoms had significant wear, and I would not recommend, or purchase another pair for the price tag.", "I am not a hard core runner but love being active. I primary ride road bikes. I picked these up for triathlon training (I will also be using these for races) and love them. I run from 2-4 miles each run and average about 6 miles a week. They feel amazing. In fact they don't really feel much at all, I guess that's the point of such a light shoe.The color is definitely me but can be too much, and others have referred to them as very loud. :) no problem with me. They keep cars from running me over:)Bottom line: recommended to friends without hesitation.", "The picture does not do these running shoes justice. In person they are beautifully made and brilliant color. They fit very well and tremendously comfortable.", "Great shoe. Lasts through many runs. Great color for night runners! Will definitely purchase more Nike Free Run's in the future.", "This probably won't get published. The product is extremely comfortable and I have received many favorable comments about the product. The Nike Free run shoes are $79.99 with free shipping from Dick's Sporting Goods. In store or on line...same price. I am finding that Amazon doesn't always have the best price and it is important to be a prudent shopper and compare prices.", "My review of the Free Run 3 is compared to my old Free Run 2's. My Free Run 2's were consistent in size with other models of Nike shoes, the Nike Free Run 3 is a narrower and shorter sized shoe. If you are coming off the FR2, you'll have to go to your local shoe store for a proper FR3 fitting.The FR2 construction was a single piece booty-type of construction, while the FR3 has a separate tongue design. For me I preferred the single piece booty design of the FR2 as I could lace the shoe looser.What I'm finding with the FR3 is that although I now have the length correct, the shoe is so narrow that you can feel it pinch the sides of my feet, no matter how loose I lace the shoe.Returning to the single piece versus the tongue design of the FR3, I find that the tongue will migrate to the outside of my foot, and bunch-up. The bunching-up along with the already narrow cut of the shoe makes my feet uncomfortable or tingly like they are falling asleep. For a shoe that is supposed to feel minimal, after a few miles of running that nuisance feeling wears on my psyche.As for the break-in period, for me it's been a grind. I keep four different models of shoes in my running rotation, and feel like I should be able to grab a pair of shoes and go, but not with the FR3. It took over a month of short walks (adding up to about 70 kilometers) before my feet built up enough callous specific to these shoes, for me to run in them.Had I never owned Free Run 2's, I probably wouldn't know to complain about the Free Run 3. I had initially planned to make these a half-marathon race shoe, but I'm not confident in these shoes and they'll probably end up only being used for night runs.", "When I first got these shoes, I primarily got them for the color (which is a totally awesome color) but the more I wear them, the better they get. I have had them for a year now and they are my favorite shoes. I recently started running on a regular basis and use these to run with. I recommend these. They are comfortable, durable, and super light weight. Want to buy another pair soon!", "upon clicking the size 14 some lighter yellow or green picture appears, but they are actually the very bright VOLT color as shown in all the other pictures.", "These shoes are super bright - I love being able to spot my son in a crowd as he's walking out of school. He is very happy with the comfort and support!", "This people deliver to APO, AE address im out here in Afghanistan and not many sellers deliver over here but this guys do and it took less then 2 weeks and that is great time for out here", "my boy loves these shoes.  He runs long distance for the school track team.He feels they are light weight and very well built.  He loves the feel", "They fit and feel great, but the yellow is to bright. I returned them for a different color. I love nike free run shoes.", "I run a lot and have tried just about every kind of runner. I love the light weight and cushioning combination in these. Most ultra light shoes have no impact resistance and most cushioned runners are too heavy. These strike the right mix. I love the Volt color because they just about glow in the dark.", "Not Bad, these were bought as a gift, the giftee likes them a lot.  However, they did pick them out.", "Hubby ordered these because he loves these shoes BUT Nike likes to suck you in and then discontinue. He's happy FOR NOW", "I love this shoe. I use them to run everything from 6 mile daily runs to marathons. Not too heavy and with enough protection for longer runs.", "This style of Nike is my new favorite shoe. I have them in several colors and plan to buy more. Worth every penny.", "Hi,Sneaker is ultra-light weight, yet durable. Bottom is smooth so be careful on wet/smooth surfaces, but great for gym and treadmills and general purpose. Sneaker is open air and promotes air exchange inside sneaker foot cockpit. I have got so many compliments on this  sneaker that I bought a second pair today. First pair over 2 years old and still look great and function accordingly.", "I love it! It fits well and has a classic deign to it. I am attracted the first time i saw it.", "I've been running for 35 years, almost all with nike. I tried others in the beginning but always went back to nike for a comfortable but rugged shoe. For some reason sports authority has mostly dropped nike. I don't like the prices of the others. So, I turned to the internet and for the first time ordered shoes without being able to try them on first. These shoes were about $20 cheaper than all the other comparable shoes. I was very disappointed when they came in. THey fit well but were uncomfortable, too stiff, inflexible. Worst, the foot liner was cheap with no cushion. It felt almost like running on a hard surface with no shoes. I went to sports authority and paid $20 for liners that I got in the past in nike shoes. That resolved the cushion problem but they are still stiff and inflexible. The worst nike shoe I have ever experienced and I've been through a lot of them. Since 1976 I have run somewhere in the neighborhood of 10,000 miles so I know shoes. These are sub par for nike.", "This shoe is really comfy and looks great just be ware that it's the color of the Hulk and looks like it will glow in the dark :)", "These 2012 Air Max shoes are quite comfortable and look great.  Got lots of compliments and comments on them.  This is my second pair this year.  I walk 2 to 3 miles a day in my work.  Couldn't live without them.Only reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is that they have an annoying squeak when I walk.  Both pair squeaked the same.  I paid over $350 for 2 pair of top line shoes from Nike that squeaked.  From Nike I would have expected better quality.", "I have a few of these and I buy them when ever I see them at a great priceFeel great and you can run for ever with these shoes.", "These shoes are exactly what I wanted being a coach...lightweight, comfortable, and look great. Cannot go wrong if you order these.", "These shoes are light, extremely comfortable, and nice looking to boot. Definitely a great buy! I bought the Cool Grey-Summit White shoes. They look good with a variety of clothing styles and colors. Wish I had bought a second pair.", "Great shoes..very lightweight. They fit true to size and are comfortable. I will definitely buy same shoes in other colors!", "Great running shoes for my son who runs track he said they were great and comfortable. awesome shoes for teenager.", "The shoes are very light,but don't get the nike run free, they look the same but they are very different.", "One of the few shoes I have ever worn receiving compliments on. These shoes stand out in a settle way without being tacky. The feel is surprisingly firm for the giant air cushion but that bodes well for cross training shoes. I squat over 400lbs with these on without any compromised balance making each rep feel more secure than when performed in other shoes. Never had I realized shoes can make a difference performing squats until I bought these. The only downside is that these shoes are not as breathable as they appear, so you may want to take advantage of some antimicrobial product to keep your feet funk free.", "This is a great shoe...the air sole provides great cushioning. The only annoying thing is that there is no real tongue on the shoe so it can be a battle to get your foot in it.", "I love these shoes!!! They are a great color and fit wonderfully!! I love them and as a heptathlete in track I can use them for many events.", "I own two pairs in two different colors! My favorite running shoes!! So lightweight and comfortable and love the bright colors!!", "I have had plantar fascitis in my feet in the past, and this shoe (while ok for standing for a little while, feels like its lacking support in the toe area. Fine for a light jog, but I am a nurse, on my feet for 12 hours, and the support for this is lacking.", "I like the looks of these a lot. I jog about 2 miles a day. They're very comfortable. I think I personally might need a little more ankle support. Other than that, they're great.", "The shoe was beautiful and arrived earlier than expected. However, I have been running for over 5 years and would not recommend this shoe. Its support was off, and after 2 miles I felt pain on places I have never felt before. And since I wore them once, I couldn't return them. I gave three stars though because this situation might be unique to me, but I am warning people who are looking for a good running shoe... This is not one.", "Thank you so much for my blue nike shoes.  They are absolutely beautiful.  I have never seen this color blue on ANY shoes I have ever seen.  I have gotten many compliments on my blue nike shoes.  Thanks", "Excelent Shoes!This product are confortables, have great weight and look very pretty.I recommend this shoes for exercise and walking", "Got this pair at Marshalls for half price and I love them. Fits perfectly, a little bit slimmer on the wide but true to the size. Would recommend", "This running shoe fits true to size and is extremely comfortable.  Color scheme is pretty nice as well.  Good product.", "I bought these last Christmas for my boyfriend and he loves them. He wears a size 9 and the he said they fit great, a little narrow; but not too bad he said. Shipping was okay, got here a little later than I wanted, but no big deal.", "all very good I would just like to comment that the package would be fair to the product box as the packaging is a lot bigger than the rest of the product no complaints what I expected because I hope to take into consideration what the packaging", "I think I ordered one of the last pairs, for my grandson, shoe is true to size fit. the price cant beat it. Brand new, easy to break in, no blisters.  arrived in my mail box, I always opt for free shipping, it usually arrives before expected date.", "Daughter's absolute favorite shoes - she gets them in a couple of colors each season. Durable and very comfortable. Perfect for those pesky middle-school required mile-runs!", "I was a bit disappointed when I opened the shoe box because the color seems a little darker than what it is shown in the pictures. Fast shipment!", "Still wearing my TImberlands as we haven't had THAT bad of a winter.  Wondering if i should &#34;spray them&#34; with waterproofing spray. anyone ?  any ideas?  says they are waterproof, so not sure if i should spray the leather stuff.", "I have the navy blue and white pair of these as well, and they are my favorite shoes. I wear them to work and they're so comfortable to wear all day long. Great support and cushioning, and theyre pretty lightweight and easy to move around in. They're comfortable right out of the box, without having to break them in, to me, thats a great shoe. These aren't made anymore, so I was so happy to find one of the last pairs in my size, right here. These shoes are true to size and width. Im very happy with this purchase!", "i love these shoes so much. first of all they fit really well. and the colors well need i say more.", "Bought these for my husband who prefers the older styles of air max.  He likes them a lot.  I had to send the 12 back and replace w size 13.  Thankfully the 13s work.  When the 13 arrived there was no shoe box holding them which seemed odd but shoes are okay.", "I live in Wyoming and we don't have the luxury of having out streets plowed or sidewalks shoveled so these LIVE on my feet! Just an FYI, you should invest in some odor powder because these are waterproof, which keeps my feet nice and dry, but my feet STANK after taking them off. Easy fix... Take a shower :)", "What size is the shoe? i am very interested but cant go through without knowing the size of the shoes", "this is an awesome shoe. it is good looking would like to buy these but what is the show size?", "I really like the shoe I but the leather stretch so they don't fit as well as I would like them to.", "Most comfortable tennis shoe that I have ever worn.  I plan to buy additional pairs in other colors.  However, the price is cheaper on finishline.com", "Was casually browsing shoes and came across these. I already have a pair in white an a pair in black/white. Bought these just in time for Bruins playoffs. They fit just like all Air Force Ones do: amazingly. Air Force Ones can't be beat in terms of overall style, comfort, and durability. Absolutely love them. I want a pair in black/red now.", "great shoe and for the price i paid and the color i wanted will go great with my boston bruins stuff thank you and box in perfect case", "This is a nice looking pair of shoes. If you have wide toes order a half size larger.  They squeeze at the top. But I get complimented all the time but in the meanwhile they're killing my toes.", "I just ran a half last weekend in these and they are the best! Wore my buff over my ears and the arms did not hurt or press into my head any! They are stylish enough to wear out and can't wait to wear them on the boat this summer! A+", "I have purchased 2 pairs of these expensive sunglasses at full price.  They are great sunglasses to run it...however, the rubber nose piece falls out easily and if you aren't paying attention to where it falls, it is easy to lose.  Once it is gone, the glasses are USELESS.  I should have learned my lesson after the first nose piece fell off during a race.  I tried looking for it and couldn't find it.  Ran the entire race without glasses and bought another pair.  UGH.  Within a few months it happened again.  I know several other runners that have experiened the same thing.  Why won't NIKE sell just the replacement nose pieces?  You have to buy a whole new pair of sunglasses.  Will never, ever buy these glasses again.", "I had got the product on time and figured out that it is excellent prodruct and very beatfull. i would recommend it.", "very lightperfect vision while runningI am perfectionist and this sunglasses are really good for training  . I recommend them", "THESE GLASSES ARE REALLY LIGHT AND THEY STAY ON EVEN IF YOU ARE RUNNING FASTER OR DOING INTERVALS.I HAVE THE WHITE ONE AND JUST ORDERED THESE GREY ONES FOR MY BROTHER FOR HIS BIRTHDAY.GREAT GIFT FOR ANYONE WHO LOVES OUTSIDE ACTIVITIES.", "Best shoes to play in very light. I would buy them again. I highly recommend this shoe. Very comfortable. Great grip on the hard wood.", "Excellent customer service.They are ready to help you at anytime. And care about your issue you have.ThanksMiles", "I loved the colors.  The fact that I can wear a sneaker in crappy weather without ruining them great.  The rugged bottom and the fact that they are water proof makes them perfect for fall and early winter", "I wanted some lightweight work shoes...these suck. nike is known for being a narrow shoe... I have wide feet but this fit was just wrong.", "El producto es de excelente calidad exactamente como el que describe el vendedor y la entrega muy puntual recomiendo ampliamente", "Ordered these for my husband and he loved them. True to size and fits the shape of his foot. Little narrow so don't purchase if you have a wider foot.", "I for one play basketball at a very energetic pace. Most of my basketball shoes are destroyed within 3 months, therefore imagined my surprise when I realize it has been a year since i bought these shoes. I recommend them for any type of baller, street and organized.", "Bought the shoes since I needed a new pair of indoor basketball shoes. Shopped around and found these. The zoom is quite comfortable but not as quite light as the hyperdunks; however, for those of you who are looking for a decent pair of shoes these are the perfect ones if you don't want to spend too much on the basketball shoes.", "purchased for myself I have not had a chance to wear them yet but I looking forward after I but me a new jogging suit.", "Wish I could find more. They are really exactly what I wanted.The colors are subtle yet trendy.These are my favorites.", "Know what I like to do?  I like to go to the NIKE official website, scan over all the shoes I'd like to purchase, then come back to Amazon and order the shoes from TheSmartBuy.  They have the shoes in my favorite size and style.  What's crazy is that Sievert's Sports, INC. (TheSmartBuy) is in the state of New York and they shipped these shoes to me USPS Priority Mail, FREE.  That's $12 postage not including handling folks from NY to TEXAS.These Nike Air Max TR 180s are hard to find anywhere.  I hope you can find a pair in your size.  So very comfortable, without socks the shoes feel almost like house slippers.  I'm wearing them now at the computer.  I may not take them outside at all.  Course, they aren't running shoes, so for all around exercising, they are superb.  Quality is #1 too.Thank you Sievert's for the coupon worth $10 off the next purchase.  Between my Amazon Prime Membership goodies and your superb service, I can't go wrong ordering sporting goods, all the way from New York.", "I saw this same shoe in another color for less and waited too long and missed out&#8230; kicking myself. Nice looking and very comfortable.", "Better looking in person than in the picture. Very comfortable shoe. Shipped in less than a week. Very pleased with this purchase.", "I usually wear a size 10.5 which is is size I normally wear.... They were at least a half size small.  Otherwise, they're a great looking and had they fit properly, I have no doubt they would be very comfortable.", "The fit was good just the right size as what should be expected from Nike. The shoe was comfortable a good walk around shoe not ideal for running but a good basic athletic shoes.", "I like Nike shoes and these are great I dislike nothing about them. I workout out gym in these and run in them also they are very comfortable I recommend them to anyone who likes running shoe.", "These are great shoes, you will have to break in but after a couple of weeks you will love these shoes. I have 2 pairs of these.", "My son loves this style of sneaker.  The look great and he likes how they fit.  Previous pairs of this same model have held up well.", "They are comfortable, I think something expensive in relation to the product. The color of the logo does not match the photo, really were blue.", "They're a little pricey for what they are, but Nike gets away with it because you're buying a &#34;vintage&#34; design. The look and style of the shoe tastefully brings the 80's back, and the thick sole is very supportive and comfortable. Not too firm, and not too squishy; as Goldilocks would say, just right.", "Nice and comfortable shoes. The retro style is great! Everyone always says something cool about my shoes. The Green Stadium color is so stunning. I just love them!", "Search criteria: Vintage Nike'sThey just don't make 'em like they used to.  The color, style and feel are all great.  These shoes scream vintage Nike and that is exactly what I am looking for.", "my some love it its a litte small than others 9.5 sizes. but he use it is suppose to be size 10 a littke small to be that size. he really neeeds size 10 in this style", "I have using Nike eyeglasses for many years and I am very satisfied. The 7070 series, like other Nike frames I used to have, fit very well and are made of good quality materials.", "The fit and function of these cleats is great, so we'll keep buying them, but the soles do split apart from the shoes after a while.  Seems like we need to replace them every 6 months of hard use.  I hear this is typical for soccer cleats, but I know the Adidas ones did not have this issue.  (On the other hand, they were not as nice to play in...)", "Washed them and after dry the bottom melted. First time it happens with any of my sneakers. I think these are fake.", "This is my second pair and I love walking or skipping rope with them I bounce in the air. You can not wear them inside a gym for example because it slips. They are out door running shoes.", "I bought these for my sister, who has very normal size 7.5 feet, and they fit her perfectly.  I always get her Nike, as I know it will fit (which is great since she can't very well try them on if they are a gift).  She liked the look/colors a lot.  Mostly though, they are very comfortable for her and predictably fit well.  I've probably bought her about 5-6 pairs of Nikes, all 7.5, over the years, and they always fit perfectly.I'm not a runner, so I won't comment on that aspect, but she tells me that her feet do not over/underpronate, are neither wide nor narrow, and have normal arches - and that Nike fit her best.", "I ordered this in a 7.5 and typically that size of shoe fits fine. However, the only way I can wear this shoe is if I don't wear any socks at all, which is not optimum for me. Other than that, it is a comfortable shoe and doesn't bother my arch pain at all.", "These shoes are extremely comfortable. I received them as a birthday gift. The sizes run exact, so you don't have to be concerned about them not fitting you.They're more comfortable than my under armour running shoes,Definitely recommend them!", "disponivilidad del articulo muy rapida la entrega excelente zapato todo llego conforme a lo q se acordo buen vendedor excelente", "He wears them for work because they are comfortable for him to be in all day, even though I bought them hoping we could jog together...", "My husband loved these shoes. He said it was just what he needed to take his training to another level.", "It fits perfectly it works great and it's awesome it's a really nice pair of Nike running trail shoes .", "fit is  great, has not fallen apart  readily and he says is comfortable would buy again color did not fade", "I bought these for trail running but have found that I like wearing them all the time. Great shoe for a good price.", "tremendo zapatos para caminar correr......excelente para todo asi  es teremnedo zapatos comprenlo es bueno lo quiero mucho ok asi es", "Wow what a running shoe. Feet aren't sore at all. Can run for a very long time without my feet aching", "it turns out that when buying nike's I am coming to need from half to one number bigger to what I usually am...", "The color id very beatifull and the shows its very ligth. Excelente for go and run long time. I recoment this product", "This my second pair of Pegasus,  I wore the first pair much too long, I am so glad to finally have the second pair, after an injury I had stopped running and began walking on the treadmill, only with this shoe I began to run again and it feels great, nicely cushioned and good looking too!!", "Great ItemMy hubby really likes them, worked out great for our hiking trip; we will be ordering more similar shoes in the future.", "Nice shoe and exactly as advertised. I had a different version of the shoe last year and really liked them. I highly recommend the shoes.", "This shoe is awesome! I love the fact that it super lightweight and super flexible. I'm a runner trying to get back in shape and my trail running Nike shoe was too much for the gym. This is perfect for working out and for running the treadmill. It is not tight around the feet, and it hasn't caused any blisters on me - I got a size 7.5. I love the color too, it's vibrant and fun and it makes you want to work out more! If you are looking for a shoe with a lot of support, I wouldn't recommend this shoe, however, if you are looking for that shoe that doesn't have all the extras, just a light, simple support shoe for working out in the gym, this is perfect. The quality of the shoe is great, very durable, been using it for a month and a half. I'll say this though, the seller is selling this style higher than the price going for on Nike.com... and doesn't have Nike sensor that most shoes do... maybe it's the color? Shop around to see if this the best priced in Amazon or elsewhere. However, if color is a priority, I don't see this color any where else.", "This is a Great Shoe! Gives the foot a lot of support. It is very comfortable to wear and my grandson loves the look.", "got these for my son for Christmas and he loves them.  He still thinks they are the$125 Nikes from the sport store.", "My son (12) loved these shoes.  He had to have black, grey or white shoes for school.  The color on the bottom is much brighter than the image shown, but he loved that.", "I bought these shoes for my son for Christmas. He wears a sz 4.  I ordered a sz 4 and they were too small.  Apparently, they run small, but that is not listed anywhere, so I consider it to be false advertising.  The shoes are not true to size. Now I have to pay return shipping.  I think the seller should offer free return shipping if they do not fit, especially when the sizes run small. I ordered them a week in advance.  They arrived after Christmas.  I ended up spending money and getting nothing out of it.  Not even a Christmas gift before Christmas.", "The shoes are for my son. He really likes them and he likes how light weight they are. The only caution is they have a very high arch.", "ordered for my son who absolutely loves them and wears them every day. Super light and great color. will probably order another pair.", "my grandson said the new nike free run 3 are the best shoes he has had he wares them everywhere but to bed", "This is my grandson's 2nd pair.  He wears them all the time.  He likes the fact that they are light weight and flexible.", "I like the shoe but the fit is really tight...order at least one size up not really the best Nike I have purchased", "I love my new shoes, they are so comfortable and I would recommend these to anyone looking for shoes that are in style and comfortable!!", "the sneakers are nice but I want a different color. It will work. My son uses it to ride his bike.", "My daughter has about 5 pairs of Nike sneakers and for some reason this one is really snug and hard to put on her.", "Hope fullfiledExcelent choose...!!! Excelent service!!! Recommend this shoe and service by all means...Thank you!Little miss smiles whe she shes new shoes...", "La terminacion es excelente !Se nota la calidad en el producto y en la terminacion del calzado en general.", "I purchased these for my daughter and she loves them.  She wears them a lot and the fit is perfect.", "I love these shoes and I was wondering when will they be available because I would like to purchase them, & for how much are you offering for these shoes? thank you!", "Cool.corresponded to this product if specified and is satisfied with what has been received. in the future I will continue buying these items.", "Excellent for golfing. . . snug fit, can rest on a cap without falling. The golf lens works in bight light but still allows good sight in the shade or on cloudy days. I now prefer it for driving (in very bight/direct sun a darker tint is still better). They do seem a bit fragile, but very lightweight. Very satisfied after 1 month.", "Ok very  good.corresponded to this product if specified and is satisfied with what has been received. in the future I will continue buying these items.", "I got these shoes from a local store at around the same price. I will be ordering another pair because I am picky when it comes to shoes. I paid more than the current price for my size (77.99). I feel that they run true to size and are so comfortable. They are very light shoes which is great, but have a lot of stability when running. I prefer to run cross country rather than on the road and these work great. As far as the term breathe I cannot agree more. I wore these on a cold day and wow they really do breathe a lot. When I run in them they keep my feet nice and cool, and it really is the first pair that i noticed how much they breathe.All in all great shoes and so far they seem durable. I would recommend these shoes, and I will probably grab another pair probably from Amazon this time before they do not have anymore.", "These sneaks are awesome!! They are true to size and look fresh with my beast wardrobe. Def a great value.", "I was kind of reluctant on the color, but I like Dunks so much I couldn't resist.As with all Dunks, they fit my feet perfectly, and they do look kinda cool.Very comfortable, very adaptable, great ankle support, and strong soles.That's what matters with me, anyway.Two thumbs up!", "This shoe is awesome!!! Its very comfortable, and has held together for a long time. they work great for basketball too!!! Very smart purchase:)", "This model only sells for $29.99 in Nike factory outlet now! Amazon's price can buy three pairs of it. The price should be adjusted.", "Great Sneakers And Would Definitely BuY More In The Future.....Fit, Color, Comfortable To Wear...Was Always A Fan Of Nike.", "It was shipped on time, everything else was okay.But one of the shoe laces was very dirty, looked like it was burnt or something.", "I love these shoes. they last a long time and are easy to clean. They look good all the time.", "Very good choice to play outdoor.I recommend to choose the next size you use usually because they are a little bit narrow.", "i like these shoes alot. they are comfortable and very lite. i also think they are a little wider than the nikes ive had in the past which is somthing i look for and have trouble finding in sneakers", "These shoes were a gift for Christmas and were too small, although the correct (size 9) was ordered.  The box said 8 1/2 on the outside.  Had to got through the hassel of returning and reordering!  Cannot recommend the provider.  Don't know about the product itself.", "Very good quality nike sunglasses!!!And so cute as well!!Very happy with this purchase from me to my husband!!!!", "We searched for days to find sunglasses to replace some my husband had worn for over 5 years.  He's very particular so when we found these we ordered as soon as we could.  Thanks so much.", "Super comfy, look great and are perfect for golf. Don't even remember I'm wearing them, plus the interchangeable lenses are a nice feature.", "Nice sun glasses,  Arrived quickly but got stung for import tax :(.  These are the 3rd pair of Nike Skylon sunglasses I've owned, every, the last 2 pairs lasted for 6+ years and are still going strong.", "Fits great and like the look - happy with the purchase and with the product.  Will stick with Nike going forward", "I am very happy with my purchase. Item came ahead of time and exactly what I ordered. This is my second pair of Nike's my last pair lasted me for 7 years and I still have them. Nike's are very light weight and comfortable especially when worn for long periods of time. I could never go back to cheap sunglasses as they just end up giving me a headache. I Would definitely do business with Paris Miki Optical again.", "I have had several pairs of Oakley Radar's in the past. These are my first pair of Nike sunglasses. The Nike Skylon Ace Pro are lighter, more comfortable,and the lenses are easier to keep clean.The best part is they are $100.00 cheaper than the Oakley's..", "Nice. I have enjoyed them a great deal. Comes with a nice pouch that also foibles to clean the glasses.", "Light, fits perfectly, and delivered in an excellent time frame. I recommend this glasses to any one with a bit wider face however, it fits in all faces. certainly a great deal!", "Improves vision, cuts the glare.  They do not help with seeing a cell phone or gps that is a draw back, but they do help read greens and judge distance.", "Oh! This pair of shoes. I'm so glad that my dear husband loved it. I bought this for him as an advance gift for Father's Day. this shoes can match any outfit coz it's colored black and the gloden swoosh is eye-catching. It's just so versatile. It's sporty, can also be casual, can  just be worn day or night, rain or shine coz it's made of thick materials. You should buy this also if you have basketball-fanatic hubbies or bf.  :)", "love these sneakers ,feal great on,the gold swoosh looks killer but scratches off way too easy,messed up mine in the first 5 minutes just pimpin around the house,also the white and gold laces tend to discolor easy but comes with a another set of white laces,the material on the toe is like a mesh like material that makes them difficult to clean..", "I normally wear a size 11.5 - 12 in all my shoes.  This style did not have size 12 available, so I chose the 11.5.  I also had the fear of the shoe potentially being too big.  I wore the shoes playing basketball once and severely bruised both my big toes, in which they are black and blue.", "I gt these because back in the day, I always thought that they were tight. Plus, you cannot find them in stores anywhere. Very Cool!", "my husband ordered this and he loves it everyone asks him about it we love the color it is  comfortable", "I really love these shoes I could not find them anywhere went on here and ordered them and they came fast i will order again from this company", "This rolling backpack serves as my traveling office. It glides effortlessly on almost any surface. It is capable of carrying several books, binders and notebooks. The outside pockets are so functional that it can accommodate all of my office supplies, snacks, and drinks (on the side net pockets). The handle easily clicks in place. This backpack looks fashionable and also professional. Not to mention its most important purpose of easing the burden off your back and shoulder muscles. I hope Amazon will make it available again.", "My grandson loved the Nike Rolling backpack.  It's  much lighter and easier to manage than the one he'd been using!", "My son was just starting middle school and needed a backpack that was versatile, sturdy and resilient.  This backpack offers all of those items and more.  The back straps are easy to remove to help you when you want to roll the back; however, in a few clicks can be used as a normal back pack.  The material and zippers are very strong.  My son loves this backpack and rolls it more than he carries it.  The wheels are durable even when he rolls it over gravel.  I would recommend this product!", "These shoes are comfortable. I was really surprised to get them online after every store in the city was sold out of this shoe. I hope to find more Jordan Retros online. It is easier to shop for these shoes and I really like Jordan Retro shoes. Believe me these shoes are not fake. They are the real deal.", "This shoe was sold out everywhere, Nike, Finishline, etc. So when I stumbled upon them here on Amazon I could not resist. I love them!!!", "Really comfortable, flexible, great arch support, comes in great colors. I thought they ran a bit small but after measuring my foot and using Nike's chart for this shoe, I see they run true to Nike's chart. Great sneaker.", "The second pair I ordered, after I returned the first pair for not fitting like my other free run's, I thought about returning them but I didn't want to pay for the return shipping. At this point I want to keep them, but that hesitation of not really wanting to keep something but being more afraid of the return process makes it impossible for me to recommend this store. Ultimately having to pay $15 dollars to exchange a pair that doesn't fit properly takes the safety out of online shopping. Amazon is great because you buy something and if it doesn't work out, you can return it... for free, Sneakers4U could not accommodate an exchange. Furthermore, even though my return was delivered to their warehouse on the 2nd of the month, my refund wasn't processed for over 2 weeks.Great shoes, just find a different store.", "ProsThese shoes are the lightest and most comfortable pair of shoes I've ever owned. The rubber material on the bottom of the shoe do an excellent job of cushioning your feet from walking or running of pavement. I wore these shoes to Disney world and averaged about 8+ miles a day walking and the end of my two week trip my feet and ankles didn't hurt at all. Due to the softness of the material on the bottom of the shoe I was worried they would wear out fast, but they haven't shown any excessive wear in the three months of wearing them.ConsRocks and twigs get stuck in between the gaps of the bottom of the shoe which can be annoying.SizingThe sizing of these shoes are true to size and I found them to be the same as all my other Nike shoes.", "Indescribably more comfortable than any shoe you have ever worn. I'm never going back to normal shoes.  They're light, flexible, and tough. 'nuff said.", "This is not a shoe, this is a torture device.Do not buy it!It is incredibly painful to wear and other people have reported a similar experience. You feel a terrible pinch where your big toe connects to your foot every time you walk. If I could return them to Nike for a refund, I would.You have been warned.", "I'm a woman, my foot is a bit wide for a woman and I LOVE THESE SNEAKS AND THIS COLOR! Have them in all the colors they make except black. They're a neutral shoe. Not perfectly flat - a bit higher in the heel. Having had plantar fascitis, I can't wear a totally flat shoe. Not too cushy and bouncy (a quality I hate) but they have enough cushion to avoid fatigue. Really, really comfortable. If you have those skinny, long feet, these might not be a perfect fit for you. My feet flair toward the box of the shoe. This shoe is perfect for my foot shape.", "SIGNATURE PERFECT PRODUCT !!!!! I FIND it looks good it will give the GQ look am going for , a product that is high in quality and has flare jus the colour am looking 4", "Best shoes on the planet.  Like the color; they go with a lot of other colors.  Comfortable and worth the $", "Very stylish and comfortable.  Bought them in two different.  Would recommend them to everyone.Can't wait to wear my next pair.  Excellent Shoes!", "Excelente producto, de muy buena calidad..!! Buen precio y ning&uacute;n inconveniente a la hora de recibir el producto, entrega en tiempo y forma. Recomendable..!!", "Arguably the best performance shoe in basketball. It's lightweight, flexible and durable. All other great performance shoes lack one of those three things.", "Because of the popularity of Jeremy Lin Nike allowed people to create with their NIKEID program a hyperfuse(not hyperdunk) with orange and blue colors and Lin's name on the tongue of the shoe.  If you don't believe what I say about the shoe then feel free to look it up online.  There are plenty of articles explaining that Nike didn't make an actual shoe for him, and the shoe they made available to be created was only for the hyperfuse style(which is popular amongst NBA players).", "I just bought these shoes and the package arrived two days sooner than the estimated time of arrival! :) Was a great surprise, I love the colors, the pink shows up ok online but now that theyre on my feet right now, they pop so bright! The soul provides great shape and support for my foot, (I have wide feet, size 8, and the kind of mesh white material you see on the toes and sides lets my toes breath when I walk or run around. They came in perfect condition, were packaged in the nike orange box and stuffed stiffly with paper, and were boxed and taped up again. The part I was most concerned about was the back of the shoe and if it would rub against my ankle as I walked, but it doesn't! And I wear very short low socks. The tongue of the shoe is very flexible but doesn't shift to the side, and it comes pre-laced for you already! I was jumping up and down even before I put them on, I wear a size 8 normally, and it gives like a half an inch space up for my toes so they are a perfect fit!I am 19, I jog and walk and run alot, I live in palm beach county FL where it's hot, and these keep my feet cool in every way!! Thanks!", "Great buy!!! Very happy and comfortable fit!!", "Great price, great looking, and hubby just loves it, came on time, couldn't ask for a better way to purchase a sneaker, for some one that wanted a NIKe.  thanks again", "By them half a size to big and they fit perfectly for cutting and custom footbed. Normally I have trouble with Nike cleats being too narrow but these fit really well. In normal shoes I use US 8.5 and these fit me in a US 9.0.", "The product fits really well. It's great for training and looks cool too.  The sizing is spot on compared to other products where the US sizes are larger cuts than Australia or Europe.  Extremely light weight.", "Nice Grip ballin with them. Bought em for less than i expected. They are really good anc the color is nice.", "Nice product! Fit as expected. Works as expected. Very comfortable. I am using it for ultimate games. Dirt stick but can be remove easily.", "ESTOS ZAPATOS SON PARA MI HERMANO Y ESTA MUY CONTENTO CON EL PRODUCTO, LLEGARON A MI PAIS SIN NOVEDAD Y MUY A TIEMPO.", "The Best !!! Excellent pair of soccer shoes.. Great product. My kid enjoy them very much and was what i was looking for. The latest at a great price. I never find them so cheap. Like them very much.", "Good look comfort is good too. But the mesh on the shoe will rip. if youre gonna get thes, get the supreme versions.", "These are really comfortable shoes for running. I usually run for 45 mins to 1 hour 5 days a week. my knees used to hurt with my old shoes., When I got these shoes I felt really comfortable while running. These shoes provide enough cushion to absorb  the stress on knees or legs while running.  I loved it", "These shoes are very comfortable and fairly light weight.  They shipped very quickly.  The sizes were right on the money.  I wear them as casual shoes so as far as running quality I can't really help you there.", "i'm a admirant to nike sneakers ,and other products of nike, very nice on wearing, comfortabile i'm very pleased, light on walking", "I had been a die-hard Oakley wearer for a long time. My most recent Oakleys were the Flak Jacket. I liked them well enough but was never a fan of the straight ear piece/temple that Oakley has. When you wear a hat you either have to jam them under the hat or stretch them over.Then I noticed a lot of baseball players wearing these Nike sunglasses that were similar to the Oakleys but with more traditional temples.So, I recently lost my pair of Flak Jackets so I figured it was time to give these a try. I couldn't be happier. They are a more comfortable fit (with and without a hat on) both on the ears and nose. The Nike's are a little lighter weight and cover a bit more of my eyes.I got the pair with the Max Speed tint and I love it. Perfect for driving and just about anything. Even on overcast days they increase the contrast. They come with a 2nd set of lenses that I haven't tried yet, but they look pretty good.Overall, a much better value than Oakleys", "Great glasses for fans of wayfarers and frog skins.  They have a good weight but aren't tight. I fell in love with them immediately.  (Purchased at a Nike outlet)", "I liked this glasses very much because they were just as I tough they were and they give the protection and comfort that I wanted", "Very friendly customer service! Excellent pair of sunglasses with good price! I have searched local stores but couldn't find a pair with such good quality and price.", "First, I want to say that I have a pair of Nike sunglasses that look just like the pic that I love.  They have a little crack, so I thought I was purchasing the same/ similar model.  The frames come off as a gunmetal color in the picture, but they are more of a flat black in person.  My current model is much nicer.  They are worth the price for someone who likes the black frames with blue lenses.", "These fit comfortably and were actually a little brighter in person than the picture showed. I love them and have already worn them many times", "My Son always orders Nikes!! They always pull thru for him and trust me...... he is very picky!!!! I will jump on any deals.", "Bought these for my 15 year old son.  Order was received very timely, packaged well.  The shoes are great and my son was very happy with them.", "These shoes were bought for my son. Within weeks they looked like they where 3 years old! Hard to clean and fade easily!!!", "They are really pretty shoes, the have a lot of style, they combine with every clothes i use, and they are really strong.", "We have owned several pair (5-6) of versions of this shoe and normally they are excellent - they last on average 6-9 months.This pair at 15 hours of wear (about 6 weeks old), the toe box started to pull away from the sole, rendering the shoes unusable.At >$180.00 per pair, this is unacceptable life for any shoes.If I could give this experience 0 stars, I would.Amazon and their 3rd party vendor - Soccerest - need to replace the shoes.", "My grandson was very specific of exactly the shoe and color he wanted. I went to several soccer websites including soccer.com and nobody had them. On a whim I went to Amazon and typed in the exact specs my grandson gave me. Up popped two options with two day shipping to boot. I immideiately ordered and they arrived in time for his tournament that weekend. His team won all three games and their bracket. Now I tend to try Amazon first when looking for stuff.", "These shoes work great for my 17 year old daughter.  She has a high arch and orthotics so she has room to put her orthotic into the boot and it still fits.  It is a nice deep boot which still gives her ankle protection with the orthotic in it.  Happy to find a shoe that works for her and her many hours of soccer fun so she can play without pain.", "Good product but the size is a little smaller than the regular nike's..Good shoes and the model too.. Take a look with the size you buy", "My boyfriend absolutely loves these shoes!  He says they are the most comfortable pairs of shoes he has ever worn and he would buy another pair!", "Rarely do I purchase the same shoe twice, but I really liked the style of the shoes and comfort they provided. Super light while still providing enough cushion. Plus they go well with jeans or shorts.", "re:  fit - I wear a 10-11 in women's shoes and am either an 8 or 8.5 in men's.  I take an 8.5 in these so I went ahead and indicated that they fit a wee small because they seem to be on the littler end of the range.These are my favorite shoes ever.  I am incredibly sad that Nike stopped making them.  I have serious ankle problems - my ankles are very loose, causing my feet to roll out (supinate) frequently.  Before these shoes it was a good week if I only turned an ankle twice.  I've been wearing my first pair for two years almost exclusively and during that time have turned an ankle only twice, both times while walking over lumpy tree roots.  I just bought my second pair to use as my first pair of running shoes - I never thought I'd be able to run with my stupid ankles, but with these I have confidence.", "I ordered and received a size 8 and it was snug. I ran in these a few times, still snug, I should have returned them. I love the weight and feel of these, I may get a larger size.", "I bought this shoe for my teenage son, he loves them! but I paid $100 bucks for these &#34;Nike's&#34; and after him wearing them for less than a day, the toes color is starting to wear or &#34; chip&#34;, if u will.....I've owned a lot of Nike's and never had this problem, to me they seem like a Chinatown knockoff.", "I have never worn shoes that I have been reluctant to take off. These are perfect. Whether you are running, walking or just wearing them casually, you will not be disappointed. As mentioned by others, do go ahead and get a half size bigger.", "I have walked all over campus in these shoes for about 3 days now, and I've got to say, they are the most comfortable shoes I've ever worn.  Great for if you're on your feet for long periods of time, have to do a lot of walking, or I guess if you run.  They're great.  My one complaint is that the paint appears it will come off easily.  I've scraped my foot against the side walk once and it has a cm long scratch along the black paint.  Get a half size up.", "I previously had issues with running on the way I stepped.  I feel as it leads you to step with the balls of your feet istead of relying on the heels which runners know it is the incorrect way of doing it.  I do feel that if I ever had to run on tarmac on a 95+ degree weather that I would feel the heat on my feet.  Aside from that, AWESOME!", "Perfect for walking, running, gym. I wear these all the the time and couldnt ask for better sneakers. Even with my flat feet it gives the arc support I need", "This shoe is very comfortable and light and has a nice air flow so your feet do not get to hot.Just Stay out of water and snow; not so good in the Snow Here In Colorado. lol.", "Excellent for my workout routine, very comfortable and feels great as I do my routines in the gym.  I like it.", "This was a birthday gift for my husband.  He has started to run more often and I decided he needed a better shoe for his 6'2&#34;-220lb frame.  They fit him perfectly and he loves how light they are.  He never had that breaking in period either.  He is usually a size 12 to 12 1/2 in a tennis shoe and I got the 12.  I would say these are great for the average runner (2-3 times a week).", "This shoe is specifically made for runners who need arch support. So it fits perfectly into my lifestyle as we do alot of physical training in the Army. The shoe is one of the most comfortable shoes that I've ever owned and I can literally walk around all day in them...Literally, i tried. I would definitely recommend this shoe to all who are a little flat-footed like myself. It is truly a great shoe.", "Not a bad buy but, they were too large for me. It's actually shoes for men so it didnt fit as I would have expected a female shoe of same size to fit. It wasn't indicated online if it was a men's shoe or women's shoe. Had to give it to my husband though,  its slightly tight for him. So he doesnt wear it often... almost a loss buying it cos not one of us is utilising it much.", "Great for people who need extra cushion for the heal. Great for long runs, and helpful for runners who need arch support", "It is not only a great looking shoe, but very comfortable.( Walking on Air) Definitely worth the purchase. Normally I would never spend that much on a pair of shoes! But these my fellow shoppers are awesome.", "I am a walker and I work out quite a bit. I needed a good shoe with lots of support. I really love these shoes. They offer great support, and they held up well in the gym.", "Love these shoes! Their light weight, cute, & great to workout in! I wear them everyday I g to the gym, Nike is the best and I'm never disappointed", "I am a group fitness instructor and am hard on shoes.  I use these trainers for step class three times a week and they have held up very nicely, as well as being fasionable.  I definitely recommend them.", "Fits as expectedNike has reduced the support and cushion that is expected in the Air Max productthese shoes do not have the support to be able to run in them even though they are marketed as running shoesThe open mesh fabric of the upper allows air to flow in which makes this shoe too cold to wear in the winter.", "I loved them!! They were very light weight and breathed nicely. I loved the colors. They matched almost all of my clothing.", "I love everything about these Shox! They are super cute, comfortable, and motivate me to workout!! :) A great product!", "I LOVE these Nike Shox.  As you know, they are hard to find these days and the color is GREAT.  The tongue of the shoe is made with some type of rubber and if I were rough on shoes or pulled too hard too many times, I think it would come apart.  They are not as well made as some of the Shox you get in the stores but good luck with that anyway.  They do hurt my feet after I've worn them all day.  But I love the color and am overall pleased with my purchase!! I got them in a timely manner as well.", "Though the sneakers are pretty and all that, I wish they came in a wider width. Maybe when there more broken in they'll feel more comfortable. My feet take a beating hit the gym floor maybe there not as sore.", "Sneakers WERE very comfortable. But one day as I was tightening the shoe, the lace ripped right through the lace \"eye-hole\" because, like the tongue of the shoe, it is made of a thin rubber material.  So disappointing to pay so much for shoes and then have them break. I re-laced the shoe to bypass the broken eye but its no longer comfortable. Will not spend that amount of money on a shoe again.", "The colors are awesome and the shoe fits nicely. I wear them for everyday or work, but they work well for running also.", "I'm a RN & on my feet all day. These shoes are lightweight & provide lots of support. I would highly recommend a pair.", "Nike never disappoints me. Great shoe for running, cardio machines, weight lifting & biking. love the unique colors & light weight.", "This is a very comfortable shoe for running.  If you like Nike brand, you can't go wrong.  It fits just as I expected it to.", "Just as shown in the picture, very nice running shoes they feel really comfortable. i recommend it for sure. n", "It looks slightly less attractive than it does on the site. In person it looks more like a skateboarder's shoe, and it is just kind of big and clunky.", "I owned a pair of blue nylon Nike Cortez in 1981 that I loved.  These look and feel and are constructed just as good, if not better, than the originals.  Go for them!", "These shoes are comfortable, but they are not very sturdy for everyday workouts. I ran through a pair in less than two months, and only wore them for an hour or two each day.", "Fast service..'Christmas present for my son, and he loved them. They are exactly the same as the description on sellers page.", "This is the most comfortable shoe for running I have ever had.  I tried the 2013 Air Max, and the shoe didn't work for me in the width. This is a hard shoe to find for my size, 11.5.", "Started working out again and these shoes are great. I need more support in the toe area these shoes fit the bill.", "I needed an airy show that did not contain a lot of leather and would allow my foot to breath.  They are soft and comfortable and very good for hot days.  The insole could use more arch but I can buy innersoles.  They are light weight and airy.", "I love these shoes! I have only seen them in one store in Palo Alto CA. They are very unique, no other stores have them. I get a lot of compliments because of the ombre color. The only thing is that it fits a little snug when you first put them on. They aren't made of fabric on the exterior of the shoe. They are made of some type of plastic rather than fabric. But (just like any other shoe), after a while of wearing them, they eventually break in and feel less tight.", "These shoes are great looking, but within a week have holes and are discolored.  I do not recommend these at all.", "It has been 20 years since I have found a tennis shoe I liked this much.  It is sharp comfortable and well built. The last shoe I liked this much was the original rebok pump back in the day. It was awesome.And so is this shoe.Love It.", "Ordered a 10.5 based off my last pair I owned. A little too small but wearable. That's my own fault. Service and delivery was great.", "As a Nike enthusiast this has to be my favorite pair of Griffey airmax. The colors are my favorite white, red and black accent. They are comfortable and I just wore it once to work on our casual friday and I got so many compliments on them.", "I saw these in the store later bought them on amazon, i still have them in the box waiting for special occasion to wear them.", "I lost $80 on this item. The item was either defective or is particularly narrow on this style of Roshe (purchased another pair without any fitting problems). I didn't realize this was coming from Hong Kong until I received shipping info, buyer beware about this. Didn't fit so guess what, returning them was expensive plus I was charged a restocking fee (which I don't see mention of any where). I suggest not dealing with this company, very slow to respond, slow to ship and very costly if the item needs to be returned.", "As opposed to other review, my experience was completely different. This turned out to be a perfect cheat for someone who is whole day on their feet, you can use it as a business shoe.Love it.", "i bought this shoe for my daughter birthday, she loves it very much, she told me she ran very fast with this shoes", "I really love the color and how it fits to my feet. However, you might feel a little bit hurt if you play soccer with this, because it feels like you're wearing nothing. It does increase your running speed though! Also, at the rate of playing soccer every week, this shoes won't last for more than 3 months!", "Aerodynamic, flexible, resistant, stylish. Good for the price and for physical activity like cycling, running, gym, crossfit. Rest the eyes and protect from sun", "Does anymore know if these are fake or real if you can get back to me that would be great", "I have received the item on time.The product itself is very good, love it.But when I got it I feel that it was used before since inside the nike box one of the plastic cover is missing.", "The shoes are very nice looking and in quality.  My hubby was very happy with the shoes which made me happy.", "Wore the same size my whole life... cant wear these.  Nike makes terrible running shoes.  Buy something like Asics now.", "The sneakers fit exactly as I expected and I am very satisfied with the purchase.  I would order them again.", "They came super fast an they're just what they said great shoes for a good price thats all you can ask for", "The product said &#34;last one&#34; so i needed to know what size was available. I messaged seller and they said to order through amazon and that they had 3 sizes available. There was no place to enter a size, (although there is now) and the wrong size was sent. I now have to pay to return and hopefully will order the correct size with a discount for this inconvenience. It was a birthday gift which now has gone bad.", "Ordered an 8 and received and 8.5", "My son put them on just as soon as he opened this gift. He was excited, as he was already so pleased with his Lunarglide 3's he has been wearing. He was ready to get out running right away.", "I chose this product for its quality. I recommend it to everyone. the size is perfect. I had no problem !!!!!", "I answered the question about the fit being too large. Please don't let that deter you from purchasing these incredible shoes. The scenario is this, I am a genius! I bought these 3 months ago for my 9 year old son who is just now starting basketball season so I purposely bought them large. See? I'm a genius, right? I mean, who has that kind of wherewithal and foresight? Now for the shoes. Michael Jordan sure knocked it out of the park with these. As I said I have a 9 year old boy and he loves basketball. Up to this point in his life he's been pretty much like any other 9 year old boy. He's awkward, care barely walk without tripping over his feet, occasionally lets out a grunt that sounds like English, plays too much on his electronic devices, only eats cake, doesn't want to go to school, fights over homework, forgets his backpack at school when he needs to bring it home, forgets his backpack at home when he needs to take it to school, won't do any chores and won't pick up his dog's poop (even though this was promised). BUT, when he puts these shoes on magic happens! He takes out the trash, does his chores and even likes his sister! On Friday's he gives ME ten bucks and says thanks for letting me help out around the house Dad. He's now a model student. So much so that the teacher sends apples home to me for being his Father! And don't get me started on his coordination. With these shoes he is able to walk and chew gum at the same time, recite poems in legible easy to comprehend English all while shooting free throws and lay ups, right AND left handed! Seriously! Bookmark this review so that in 10 years when he's the scoring leader for Duke's National Championship winning team you can say you read about this kid in 2013! He will be in 5th grade next year, watch for him on Sports Center!All I can say is &#34;Thank you Michael Jordan and Nike&#34;. For my $100 investment I now have the happiest and best little boy. Well, at least for the next 3 months at which time they will be too small.", "The color of the left side is different from the right side. I felt  the commodity is not the one I ordered.", "both shoes have a strange \"pull\" at the toe area that is a minor flaw in the \"fusing\" finish, this causes strange indentations which make the foot look deformed. i was really looking forward to wearing these but not if it means looking like i have deformed toes.", "my son has a size 15 and hard to find his shoe size but he loves them thanks also just a fyi they are a narrow shoe so just let people know in your description other than that great job", "As an actuall running shoe I would not recomend this as I use minimalist shoes. But for track the style is great for going to meets and warming up. Its heavy and supportive which is what I look for in a warm up shoe.", "I need to return it. When will I receive my return label. This shoe looks ugly... It's not what I expected", "Dear Amazon. I did have a big problem with this product. At the website, the colour of the shoes is described as &#34;Hasta-Sunbust-Neutral Grey&#34;. But it ain't truth. The shoes that i have in my house right now is GREEN. And it is awful, by the way!!!I'd like to send you a picture to show it to you the exactly colour of the product!! Or, the photos at Amazon's website are TOTALY, i mean, TOTALY different as they should be.I am very angry about that. I payed more that one hundred dollars for a green shoes that i thought it was GREY, like the photos!", "I wear these 12-16 hours a shift on very hard floors , and I am on my feet non stop. The arch support is super for someone with an extremely high arch, also the lunar padding gives a little extra padding along with the air max. If your a runner these aren't going to give you the breath-ability you want so go with a mesh version but if you work in healthcare and need an all leather shoe get these now!!  These blow my Shox out of the water, and I swear by Reebox zigs and they are even better than those.", "i always loved these shoes, i had them when they came out for the first time early in  the decade, they look great, they are very comfortable and works with almost every look... if your foot is wide i suggest ordering half a size bigger", "The shoe came in good condition despite it being boxless upon arrival due to my freight forwarder. It's a classic! It fits well. Overall, it's all good!", "These shoes came in exactly how they described. And on date, but I didn't know they would be as tight as they were. But still great shoes.", "I remember buying these when they first came out:  the lightest running shoe, by far, that Footlocker sold.  lol  Nike stopped making them for a while, and fortunately other shoe companies started closing the gap. When I decided to start running again to reverse my inner fat boy's efforts to come out, I saw these here on Amazon and became curious:  were they as light as I remembered?  How would they conform to my feet?  Would they wear out as fast as the originals?They ARE still very light.  They also still take just a little more effort to put on (I'd forgotten about that over the years).  I'm hoping they don't still wear out as fast, but I've only had them for a month or so.  I normally wear an 8.5, and so that's what I ordered.  Come to find out that I can't wear socks with these, but they're very comfortable without.  A little tight in the forward box, but not so much a problem after I loosened the laces, then re-tightened them.  Not crazy about the shade of green, but I wasn't looking to make a fashion statement:  I was taking a chance, so to speak, so I looked for the cheapest version available.Overall, I'm very happy with this purchase.  If I'd known the pros and cons beforehand, I'd still be happy making this purchase again.", "These shoes were as advertised.  I have worn Nike Free shoes since the 1990's and these are just as they should be.", "My son loves them! He's had them on everyday since he got them and he swears his basketball gaming skills have improved since day one of wearing them.", "I bought it for my little broder, it fits perfectly, looks great, he plays basketball and those are perfect to use", "Very comfortable sboe. Doesn't fit like some runners but I really like support and comfort. Great quality and price. Would buy Gain", "Typically Nike has a great running shoe and i have been wearing Air Max's forever.  The toe of the shoe is quite wide and the actual fit is on the large size. As it runs large, it is very uncomfortable to run in.", "Bought these for my daughter at the start of school, she loves them. Everyone of her friends has been asking her where she got them! They fit great and we have already had to wash them, they did perfict!", "I just got these and they are perfect! First time running in free runs and I'm never going back to any other shoe again! True to the color and size. I love this teal color", "It didn't show sizes on the screen.I like the shoes but it also didn't tell any info on the screen.", "Nice and lightweight. Breathe really well. Great for running in the northwest where it is rainy. Would recommend to anyone.", "it's the shoes what i want.! lol. I do really like total 90 laser iv. but i can't find it everywhere. i really like it", "I would recommend this cleat to anyone and everyone, perfect fit and comfort at its best. By far the best I have ever worn.", "I recommend this shoes to even girls. Its so comfortable in running and has a great fit even though its for men.", "I will recommend this unit everyone is a nice comfortable shoe is well worth it to everyone try it nice and comfortable", "comfortable and supportive; flywires give the heels a more snug feel, but not in a bad way.  this blue really pops, i love it.", "Bought these for my son.  They are well made and he says that they are quite comfortable.  He's very happy with them.", "Great for Cardio Blast and balancing.  Wide stance help with balancing and extremely comfortable fit and finish. Great for workouts.", "Nike makes quality products and these shoes are no different, would buy again. Wish I could get a narrow size", "You know, these Nike frames are the best frames ever! I've been wearing them for a couple of months now. So light, and fit perfectly ... they hug your head right above your ears, which is a different experience for me than my last pair (Armani frames), but not tightly so that you feel like you notice it. You bend over to look down, and they stay on your head! I love it!! I do a lot of work on my computer, and so I am frequently looking down at other documents and such, so to not have to constantly be pushing my glasses back in their proper position on my face when I am looking up and back at my screen is like a miracle to me!In several different descriptions of these frames elsewhere on the web they have indicated these are men's frames, but I a woman and think that they are definitely unisex frames. I get compliments on them all the time (everyone from my friends to my doctor, lol) especially in that they are rimless glasses, have that hint of blue color, and well, just look cool. :)The midnight fog is the color I chose, and the blue color is subtle but yet enough to show and give them a pop of color. I also have the Transitions Lenses, so I love the fact that I can read outside now without an additional set of sunglasses/changing them up. All in all, these frames are perfect and I'm so happy to have them. I love my Nike frames!!", "This was the second track suit I bought through this company.  The first one was a medium, and was too small.  The second one I ordered was a large and I got an extra large in the mail by mistake.  This company is in England, so each order took over a week to get.  By the second mess up, I was not interested in ordering a third time.  The quality of the suits was great though!", "They are comfortable and hard to find in my size. Great for running or power walking, great heel shock-absorbtion and true to size. I really like the black and Amazon usually has them in my size and color.", "This product looks so much better in person than it does in the pictures. They are easily wiped down to keep clean and very comfortable.", "I am in LOVE with these shoes!!! Thay are even cuter in person!!! They do run about a half size bigger but but if you're a nike dunks fan then you should already know that!", "Got them for a gift for my best friend she absolutely fell in love with them. Totally recommend them to anyone.", "Way too big for my face. They need a women's/ small size. I had to return them. Otherwise very nice!", "We had a hard time finding the right size of these for my 12 yr old son but were able to find them on here for a good price! They're exactly like he hoped!", "My son loves them.  They fit perfect and look great.  I wasn't sure about buying shoes he had not tried on,but he loves them.", "I bought these for my grandson at Christmas, and he just loved them. Beautiful, quality, and exactly as pictured. Very happy with my purchase! And I didn't have to run to the Mall! I love shopping with amazon!", "Great shoes! My 12 year old son loves them! Comfortable and cool looking! Great birthday gift for him!! shipping was great also!", "My son wanted these sneakers best price around fits right he wears them for basketball and around town love e,", "I like these and I really want them because I need them for my basketball team Color also and I'm a pretty good baller.", "The package actually came a day before it's estimated delivery date and I loved that I could track my package since I am so impatient. Fits great! I got a size 6.5 and it's true to size and so are the colors. The laces was already tied when I opened the box so I had to loosen them a bit before I could put them on, but not to bad.I would recommend these shoes and the seller was fast and amazing!", "I liked them at first, and i tried to wear them but i wasn't comfortable with those shoes, so i had to sell them. However, everything came just as expected.", "fits to my glass .. Got the same model .. and i like the color.. Cool... friend like it ,, the color", "It's very cool and not that expensive, and I like it very much. I like the color. when I wear it  I am comfortable", "It's too small. & huger than i actually thought. It's like I'm wearing sketchers shape ups &#128529;", "Traditionally, every year, I buy my Mom a new pair of sneakers. She's stuck on white, ONLY! I have had a several pair of Nike Shox and decided to venture out from her typical walk/run, boring, plain shoes for this pair and she fell in love with them...not to mention they have her &#34;Raven's Purple&#34; on the shox that may have added to her accepting them!", "bought these for my niece for christmasshe just loves nike shox and this pair was just the perfect look for hershe greatly enjoyed them", "This being a &#34;relayed&#34; post, because the shoes were bought for my basketball playing grand-daughter, who incidentally wears a women's size 9, just could not find the style of shoe in the women category. She expressed the gratitude in my selection, expressly that the Jordan icon was visible so that her team-mates might recognize, not just a girl &#34;thang&#34;, she sez. The fit was good and the &#34;swag&#34; was admired.", "Fits a racquetball racquet inside.  Big side compartments.  Small, velcro sealing inner pocket that will hold a cell phone or the shoulder strap, if you aren't using it.  Quality construction.", "The color scheme is a little wild but the fit is good and they are comfortable to casually wear to work or on errands.  The tongue is not very wide so if you have wide feet this may have a gap.  Seems waterproof enough to wear in the rain.", "This was a Christmas gift for my son who plays alot of tennis and this watch is an excellent &#34;sports&#34; watch.  It actually looks better in person than online.  I was very pleased and so is he!  Would recommend highly.", "If you searched for &#34;black&#34; shoes and landed on this item, be aware they're not black.  Instead, they're brown.  Confusing advertising by Nike, and frankly, unnecessary.  Perhaps experienced tea drinkers would automatically understand the difference, but how many of them buy sneakers?", "I felt deceived by the description, as these shoes were not black.Apparently, Tea Tree Black is another way of saying Brown, who knew", "I was wanting black shoes with the white swoosh . I read the color wrong . They were black tea, wich made the shoes dark brown, but I still love them , and I am keeping them. I will try again for the black.", "I didn't realize when I ordered these shoes that the tongue is sewn in place. I bought them on sale after buying and loving another pair of Nike Free running shoes. The fit is different. I put holes in my socks where my big toe is every time I wear these because they are so hard to get my feet into, it strains the fabric where the pressure of my toe is when I pull these on. Once on, they feel OK to move in, but my socks are pulled too tightly over my foot. It was too late to return them by the time I came to this realization, so I will keep and still occasionally use them; but I don't love them like I do my older pair with a tongue I can lift up to slide my size 10 lady feet into... I still gave 2 stars because I think this line (Nike Free) is wonderful and other runners may not have the issues I do...", "You can't buy this version (v4) anymore. They are incredibly light and tough but most of all pliable. Wearing these shoes reminds me of being in slippers.", "Sneakers came quick and 100% authentic and real!! Wanted them for so long and the price was perfect. These are must haves!!", "My daughter was searching for these shoes for months.  She wanted to make sure the shoes she received was authentic.  To her surprise they were perfect and she wears them quite a bit.", "The product arrived on time and in excellent condition. It was a bit over-priced though as if you even go up 1/2 a size the price literally jumps but becaue these have been sold out a long time I sucked it up and purchased. They are true to size, size 6 fit me great. I absolutely love them and they were worth the money.By the way this is my second pair of Jordans purchased through Sole Place and the condition and service is great! Might order the Jordan Retro 9's Cool Grey's if you still have them thanks guys! :)", "Omg the shoe took a little while to come but when they came it was worth the wait they were authentic they only thing I thought was weird was the carbon fiber but I did a little research and the crbon fiber just looked different because they were the 2012 version gradeschool size but they were real!", "This is a gift for my cousin. She likes it so much! Thanks for your great service. If possible, I will come next time.", "Perfect,  delivered in 2 days! I wear a 8.5 in women the 6.5 in youth fit great.  Wore them all day with no problem", "Hate that my BF had to pay so much but I love them!!  Next time We will stand in the line for them though!!", "these are the best sneakers I got in a long to I'm a big Jordan fan but I  want more.", "Shoes are very nice and arrived on time. They just run small, I order a size 5 and I can't wear them for any length of time before my feet start hurting.", "My neice was really happy with the shoes. They met my expectations. Very stylish and she says it's comfortable. So we are both happy.", "I don't know if this is authentic or what but I don't know yet the Time will tell.  But for now I'm hoping that it's real (cross my finger)", "I rate my purchase with 5 stars.  They fit great, arrived early, and I got to re-live a childhood memory.  I'm 29 I had these same sneakers when I was 9.", "Why.... Great customer service, good quality, great price, and fast shipping! I must admit I have always been a little hesitant with these types of purchases, but this particular company put me at ease. I will definitely be making several others purchases with them... When my GS size becomes available :) thank you again and I look forward to doing business with you again.", "I am very happy with my purchase.Everything was perfect down to the T.These shoes are the real deal.I have a lot of Jordan's so I checked them out closely and this are awesome.Thanks for having these shoes for me cause I always wanted them..", "Love it my first Jordan's and I love it just so much money for this  but I love it  so much", "I got this on sale after the new versions were released along with the new version Nike Free 3.0.  I really wanted to like them - after 5+ years and more than 1,000 miles, I'm still absolutely in-love with my Japanese release 5.0v4s, but I completely LOATHE this shoe.  The toebox is ridiculously narrow and anytime I ran more than just a couple of miles, my little toe started to fold under the others.  This got worse with mileage and swelling feet.Despite the width issue, the absolute worst part of this shoe is the fact that it does not breathe.  At all.  The \"design cover\" that forms the stars on the top layer of the shoe is a rubber/plastic-type material that greatly reduces the amount of air cooling your foot.  It's honestly so bad that no matter what the temperature, my feet started sweating within the first few minutes of putting them on and moisture wicking runner's socks didn't help because the shoe traps the heat and moisture.  At the end of even short 4-5 mile runs, the end result was almost always a new case of blisters.Nike really missed the mark on this one. Nike Free? I don't think so. They should have dubbed this one the \"Nike Baked 300*F\".", "I would have to say I'm pleased with the sunglasses. They're pretty expensive but they are namebrand Nikes so I guess that kind of goes with the territory. I use these for running and they do seem to keep the wind out of my eyes pretty well.", "My wife received the Skylon Ace sunglasses as a Christmas gift and she loves them.  Wears them everywhere: driving, running, beach.", "They are as good as advertised. Polarized lenses work great. Very comfortable and the vented nose piece is probably the best fit i have ever had on sunglasses. Lenses are interchangeable which is extremely useful if you scratch or break them. Only thing is in the item description it says black/black when in reality they are red/black, still looks great though.", "My husband likes to play bball a couple nights a week at a local men's league. A couple of his buddies got Jordan's and it was like 3rd grade all over again. I was not about to pay $130 for a pair of shoes, even though he swore &#34;they make you jump higher&#34;. Whatever, Macklemore. But I did find these for a pretty sweet deal, so I bought them for a surprise. He loves them. He struts around all over town in them. Says they required absolutely no break-in time. I don't know if they are as great as he claims, but it fulfills his grade school fantasies of basketball greatness. I guess that's worth $8o (I used some Amazon rewards points, I think they were originally $90). Wife Happy", "shoes fit great but are a little too stiff.  They look great but are not that comfortable.  If you are looking for a comfortable walking shoe these are not it.  If you are looking for a cool, great looking shoe these are it.  I have no idea if they work for boarding because I don't board!  But I am assuming that is why they are stiff.", "Very comfortable, could be used as casual wear or for their intended purpose (ACG). I use them as work boots, I alternate with another pair of these in a different colorway and a pair of foamposite boots which are my favorite. Only thing I dislike is the leather is butter-soft so it scuffs easily. But hey, that's to be expected I do roadside assistance.", "He wears them more than I anticipated. The purple (school color) is vibrant but not overbearing. He says they're very comfortable. And great for the snow!", "These boots are cool, really comfortable and nice looking cause of the all leather. Doesn't really help that I'm a nike fanatic.", "rate 1, air force when back too company, too large wear, never reorder sneakers, I would not tell a friend.", "I have worn Vomeros for about 3 years. I found that they are a great shoe for a neutral runner who wants some amoint of cushioning, I am glad I bought this latest pair through Amazon. Their vendor was right on as far as shipping quickly. That is definitely a 5 star review.", "Perfect fit! I have been running in Vomeros for 7 years and can't find any other shoe that can compare!", "These are fabulous shoes! They are lightweight & comfortable. I have been able to increase my workout b/c of great support!!", "I choose rating to give my opinion, I will consider only to myself everything I buy from Amazon, one product only I dislike it was the pound cake mix with the hint of lemon.", "I am a size 8.5 and bought a 9 and the shoes caused blisters. I have worn my socks with other shoes before and never had a blister problem. After a week of running/walking in it my shin started to hurt really bad. Not buying these ever again.", "these are one of the best sneakers i ever bought fit great look great i will recommend them buy them fit great and feel great", "Love these! They fit great and look awesome! I am very happy with this purchase and would love to have another pair in different colors.", "Too TOO small. i ussually wear 9 size ..but these were tight and small also, me not being a big food guy..anyway i sold them and bought some other pair 10 SIZE these are good but ...do u guys have at nike 9.5 BUT WIDE?  or just regular size", "Shoes get better as they get broken in, but this pair felt better from day one that any shoes I've purchased in at least five years. I have an extremely comfortable pair of UGG shoes that feel the same way.", "Very comfortable shoe that seems to be made of quality material. Looks great and would recommend.  Shoe seems nicer than most more expensive shoes in its category.", "These fit just like described. Color is bright and red which works with my schools colors. Comfortable enough to use everyday.", "I've searched high and low for red running shoes that fit my taste and style. The Air Max from Nike were perfect. However, it was virtually impossible to find in local retail stores without having to special order and at a higher price. Thank God for Amazon.", "Tried those before and liked it so bought ones for a morning jog. Great fit and good support, nice feel to the arch, stability during run. Just did not feel like it lasts long enough to justify price. Probably will consider in the future with couple different brands.", "These were purchased as a gift for me and I love the fit and color. They certainly get looks and compliments from the guys at the gym. Most of my time at the gym is spent on weight lifting but I do some cardio as well. These are very comfortable on the treadmill. Great fit, durable and looks good!", "the sole wore out quickly because for heavy basketball playing other than that they are very light and durable, as i've taken them to hell and back. they are also really comfy. the FitSole has become detached, but still stays in place when you wear the shoe", "This shoe has now been worn daily by my 11yr old daughter for 3 months now and is still holding up great. It's nice to find a shoe that can survive what kids put them through.", "I love the colors!! this was a perfect fit! I absolutely love it! I can't wait to start running in them! They feel really comfortable and it feels really great! I would buy another pair!", "Beautiful.  I love my shoes & they are top quality and very comfortable. Thank you very much for these wonderful shoes!", "My son loves the shoes. Theye were a little pricey but as long as he like them, I guess it's ok.", "I'm use to very light weight shoe. Bought them for more appearance than anything. Still to heavy", "Love it", "I'm buying more.  You forget you are wearing shoes.  But the support is there. I can move any direction and the shoes are like an extension of my feet.  Love these things.  Thank you, Nike, for getting the fit right.  Buying more!", "The amazing thing about these shoes is that they are super light weight - I've never worn anything like it before. Unfortunately they do run small. I am a solid 7.5, which is what I ordered, but my toes were right up the top. Sadly I will have to send them back.", "Just what I was looking for. Love the color of the shoes, the cheetah print laces are just my style.", "I wear these to workout 4-5 days a week doing tabata, very high intensity workouts and elliptical/treadmill cardio as well.  very comfy and flexible, which is good for the interval training I do so my feet bend with the shoes comfortably.  I want these shoes in 5 pair and 5 colors!!", "No complaints. Exactly what I expected, comfortable, stylish, and a good price. With a second set of cute spotted laces.", "I increased my distance gradually with these Free Bionics, and I am now up to 22 miles. Just like all running shoes, I wear one size larger than regular shoes. I love them!", "i don't use them to run, though i could.  the full air soles keep my back in less pain more than almost any other shoe.  and this year had a nice design..", "fit is the same as other nike shoes.  I have a bad back and a bad hip, these shoes just made a 10 day trip to disney world, with out them I would not have been able to do as much of the parks as I did.  The air sole is perfect for absorbing the impact of walking on pavement.", "I love these shoes.  The air sole is good for my back and my feet.  It doesn't compress over time.  The problem I'm having now is that I'm about to wear a hole through one of the shoes (blowout) and once that happens the pair is no longer.  I'm trying to extend the life with shoe-goo now.  They look great, feel great, and almost no one has a pair.  It's an investment, but I would probably purchase another pair.", "Extremely light and durable! One of the nicest and  most comfortable basketball shoes I have ever owned. It fits true to your size and I even wear a zmast ankle brace. If you want speed and comfort while playing ball you should buy these now!", "I've been a long time Nike basketball shoe wearer and am known as the sneaker head around work.  Have to keep the kids and myself in inexpensive yet good shoes.Anyway, I was in need of a shoe with extremely good traction because I play every Sunday night on an old church gym floor that is in need of a good wax job.  My Kobe 5's are one of the better performing shoes as far as cushioning, fit and performance, but they lack traction on anything other than a perfect court.  I tried my sons pair of Hyperdisruptor's and I really like them a lot and was actually looking for a pair of them when I came across a really good price on the Hyperquickness.  It looks almost like the same exact shoe as the Hyperdisruptor.  The traction is exactly the same and is the highlight of this shoe and one of the main reasons I purchased it.  It squeaks even on a bad floor.One area that is improved on over the Hyperdisruptor is the Midfoot harness that helps keep the foot locked down.  That was a problem for me before and is something I really hope Nike starts to put on all of their basketball shoes.  It really helps secure the mid-foot and ankle areas.  The other area of improvement was that the fit of the shoe is more true to size than the Hyperdisruptor which ran too small.The only thing keeping me from giving the Hyperquickness a 5 star rating  is that  there is no heal zoom in the Hyperquickness.  The Disruptor had both forefoot and heel zoom.  I'm so used to having zoom in the heel, that the Hyperquickness just feels flat in the heel area.  Having said that, the forefoot is more important for me when playing ball and the zoom there is excellent.  In fact, the forefoot has a very good cushioning feel.  Better feeling than the Disruptor's.  I think the overall transition is even better then the Kobe's.If I had to pick between the two shoes, it would be really tough.  I think Hyperquickness with heel zoom would be the perfect shoe so I guess it depends on how much that means to you.", "Nice boots but very narrow shoe at the toes. If you're looking for a fit like the Nike Goadome like I was, this probably isn't the shoe for you.", "DO NOT BUY THESE FRAMES FROM NIKE...My son who is 11 now wanted some cool glasses for baseball, Being nike is known for sportswear you would think these glasses frames &#34; AT THIS PRICE&#34; would be tough......Think again, After two week of wearing them they broke or should I say the cheap plastic they used shattered on the first hit from a ball. The earpiece held up great but the frames just shattered. He has been wearing glasses since age 3 and he has never broken any of the other ones. The eye doctor will not cover these even after I paid 155 dollars just for the frames and was told they have a 2 year warranty. I will now change my eye doctor and never buy anything from NIKE again. Demand better stuff folks, its OUR hard earned money..", "Good product, fast service.  Niece used daily for games and practices.  Shoes are comfortable and Fit as expected.  Thank you", "way way too high priced. look good. fit boyfriend nice and match everything. just way to expensive for a regular shoe they sell in the city for $65", "With this sneaker here you definetly need a size up cause holy crap was iit tight for my foot. After a few wears it started feeling better, but you should go with a size up.", "Comfortable, good looking, great for indoor or outdoor exercise : running, walking, gym", "I really love these shoes! I wear them all the time. They are extremely light and they are also very comfortable!", "For some reason this style is hard to find.  I surprised my husband with this and he flipped out.  quality and color are excellent.  Will definitely order them again for him.", "I just got these shoes and love them.  The color is a silver gray, a bit moreso than the picture indicates (google it to see other pics).  The color pink is a cute bubblegummy pink making a great contrast and pop of color to the silver.  The reasons I didn't give these shoes 5 star review are 1. little pricey 2. outer shoe material is stiff a bit hard to wear in, plus I worry it will show crease lines pretty bad.  Otherwise I love the shoes, they are cute and comfy.  I ordered a size 8 and they were probably a half size too big, so keep that in mind.", "Nice fitting sweater, but about 40% overpriced. The fabric is so-so and the dime-sized Nike swoosh on the sleeve is not worth the extra cost.", "I was real love of this air force. In 2005 I bought it 1st time, that time it was soft leather with pleasant fit. after 8 years bought 4th air force, this time leather was hard, shoes was little heavy. Now i'm confusing this shoes is real one made by leather or replica?", "This sneaker is nice and pretty comfortable, but the sole is not as soft as some of the other sneakers that I have had in the past. It looks good and has good ankle support, but if you're looking for a soft and cushioned sole this shoe is not for you. Overall it is a good basketball sneaker and it looks with jeans for a night out.", "Love Them ! Looked everywhere for these shoes, My is Son very pleased...perfect Christmas gift,  will purchase from here again..", "I Love This Design!!18 years ago, i like Rodman!!So I love this original design.But I love this too!", "This was a great buy!! I don't always wear Nike but I like this one. I just might get another pair..", "I bout this shoe for my son  birthday, the quality of the product is excellent  and fit well. I will buy another pair for me. Thanks", "Very comfortable and stylish! Fit as indicated and foot breathes in them.  Received many compliments each time that I wear them.", "It's a nice, lightweight training shoe on the hardcourts for those ballers working out!  Fashionable and many color combos to choose from!", "I love the way these shoes look and feel. They are comfy to wear all day long and I've recieved several compliments on how good they look.", "Pretty cool colorway of a nice comfortable sneaker. I use these to play in and the are very comfortable and have maximum cushioningPros:Very comfortableCool colorsCushioning is top notchThe laces are very high qualityVentilation is alrightCons:expensive!!", "GREAT LOOK, FEELS GOOD, ORIGINAL STYLE, U STAND OUT IN THE STREETS, PEOPLE GIVE U COMPLIMENTS ALL DAY.. IF U WANT TO STAND OUT, BUY THIS, NO DOUGHT..", "dem shoes doe. they be so saggin and swaginn. man you bros really know how to make dem shoes. swag", "i bought this shoe one month ago for my wife child, he has 14 and he is 1.93 m tall, and he like this shoe so i bought it. he was in the court and boom baby, bye shoes, the left shoe lost his air pressure.i pay almost 200 hundred dollars and dindt last one month, so... i tell u something, if u wanna buy a shoe for basqketball, this is not a good choice!!Adolfo Mena", "The shoes are as represented.  They look wonderful, and of course, a thirteen year old junior high student couldn't be more impressed.  They arrived in the time specified.", "Shoe is true to size. Very comfortable when wearing sneaker.  Shoes are able to breath so your feet don't get irritated", "Color is as bright as it gets. Incredible shoes and very comfortable. Please with the Name attached to it yiu can't beat that", "Very comfortable running shoes. Do not soak. Beautiful. I fell in love with them running. Size 7 came on the 24 cm foot.", "I love these shoes!!!!!! I'm a nurse,on feet all day. I wanted something comfortable and stylish for work to match my uniforms,this works great. My son,whose 10yrs old created this Amazon account,I stumbled upon it,I had no idea all they offer,along with free or real reasonable shipping,now I always order from them. It's fast,amazing products,and great customer service. Thanks Amazon.", "Comfortable and true to size. I typically always buy Niki running shoes as they never let me down. Stylish as well.", "I would definitely recommend this shoe!! I bought this shoe for my trip to Denver. My feet didn't hurt at all. I walked all over the city and hiked in the snow. Didn't think they'd hold up in the snow but they did. My feet didn't get wet and I didn't slip at all, this shoe has awesome traction.", "I love the colors and the comfort. I didn't realized how heavy my old running shoes were until I put these babies on!", "perfectos", "It is a warm piece of clothe, and very comfortable to make excercise and tu run with. Aditionally it fots very good!. Ideal for running in cold weather. Colors look really cool!", "Purchased this for my annual Hawaii trip of hiking and was perfect for the weather...  not to hot, not cold, and was great for the unexpected light showers.  It is true to size - I am 4'11 and weigh about 95 pounds; x-small fit perfect!", "My son plays college football and needed a replacement pair of cleats for natural turf.  He picked these specifically and says he's very happy with these.  He is an inside linebacker and wanted a 3/4 shoe for ankle stability but also needed a shoe that didn't weigh a ton.  He's pleased.", "best indoor shoes ever. great customer service. Very comfortable, but it has a narrow fit. They are really light and fun to use for street games.", "The shoes are good and they look great but they were smaller then I expected i still haven't used them", "My daughter is wearing these shoes for indoor and it took her a while to break them in and get used to the feel.  She isn't sliding around much, but I think they would be better suited for futsal/hard court surfaces versus turf.  She really likes them and says they are comfortable!", "Loved the shoe, but I was disappointed that they did not have the colorway that I had ordered even though the website stated in stock. I had to settle for another color and no compensation was offered. Maybe a slight discount or something.", "My favorite Shox and I own several pair. Very comfortable shoes. I have a bad back so comfort is a must and Shox are awesome and they look great too. These are all leather so they'll take time to stretch for those with wide feet (like mine) but mine broke in in about a week of daily use.", "I love this sneaker. It is comfortable and stylish.  I get compliments whenever I wear it. However, they run a tad small. Order half a size up.", "These shoes are AWESOME! I wish I would have bought these sooner. Buy these and you too will love them", "Favorite shoes (have them in black & white)", "this shoes is very airy, comfortable and you can get the perfect fit that you want, tying more or less depending your game needings.", "As a rugby coach, running around in a gym all day can really hurt your feet. The problems I faced with other running shoes is bad form, but these shoes are so light and comfortable I have been doing great. They have good grip and surprising flexibility. I would recommend to everyone.", "Go bought these shoes for my sons friend who needed proper basketball shoes, they hug the ankle for maximum support and now I can be at ease when their out playing, and not twisting there ankles.", "Really good sneakers.", "This is the shoe that our JV team picked out for game play. First game and the paint is coming off. I would add the pic here if I could. Found out that it happened with other players too!  Can't afford to send them back as they have to have them for the games! The students can't even wear them for practice - just for the games. They are going to look horrible by the end of the season. Not looking good for future Nike shoe purchases.", "The purchase of these shoes was a good purchase.  Because they were men sized we knew that the ones we bought would run a little big on my daughter.  The basketball socks she wears are thick so they help take up the excess slack in the shoes.", "My son loved these shoes because they're a name brand he likes and also that they are his school's color.  Six of his teammates purchased this shoe and without fail everyone of them have had issues.  All of the boys had several of the strings that go up the sides split, causing them to just flap around and look really sloppy.  Most of the boys have had the soles separate from the upper.  These shoes would not be good if you play basketball in a league and are playing and practicing several times each week.  I would not even recommend these for guys who get a lot of playing time over the course of a winter season.  My son has had other Nike basketball shoes that held up reasonably well and we were able to give them to a younger player as he grew out of them; these will have to be thrown away.", "My son loves these Nikes. He saves them for rec basketball games & when the short season ends, they are his go-to. This is the second pair he's had ( different colors).", "My nephew loves the shoe.  His high school basketball team enjoys playing in them.  This shoe fits perfectly and it is comfortable.", "Actually we picked the size based on the present Nike shoe my son is wearing but upon receiving the product and trying out we could have ordered either 10D 0r 10.5D. Don't know how to get the next size?", "Nice grip in the front of the toes for running/sprinting. Comfortable, light weight. Strings seem to be a bit short, but thats the only issue.", "These were at my door as soon as I ordered them and are everything I expected! Got them for work because I am on my feet alot and they are super comfortable. Also awesome for outside.. Easy to clean and waterproof!", "The fit is perfect. The style is gorgeous and they are so light. I love them so much, probably one of my better purchases!", "Very happy with this item, for both price and fast delivery. Will recamend to friends & family looking for this type of item.", "Arrived in original package and in new condition! I love them!!! The picture as seen on Internet was true to real life seeing the shoes.", "Shoes are perfect match with my Michigan gear and fit just right. I cant wait to wear them on Michigan game days!", "Everything good", "First off, I followed the other reviews that these shoes tend to run 1/2 size smaller than advertised and for me, that was 100% true. I am normally an 11 and got an 11.5 and it fit perfectly. These have great support and are snug on the sides of my feet. I have been using them for about a month of marathon training and so far have no complaints. If you run 4-5 times a week for 3-5 miles, these are great shoes.", "Great running shoe. Solid,comfortable and durable. I believe they are going to last me a long time! When I see my runners, I get excited about working out!!", "I've never been excited about a pair of sneakers.  I'm not a big sneaker girl but I had to have these.  They're the perfect mix of girly and sneaker.  I have the white on white ones and the black ones are my next victims.  The amazing thing about these is that they are comfortable.  I also have some Nike Tr Fit's and between the 2 these are more comfortable.I buy sneakers for when it's not practical to wear heels or flats.  I got these because winter is coming and I thought I could look cute while keeping my feet warm. I have really wide feet and Nike runs narrow so I did get these in a 9.5.  I thought I'd still have to break them in but the width is actually fine.I wasn't a fan of the first wedge sneaker that came out but Nike did it's thing when they put these out.", "Buy half a size up. Runs small. Amazingly comfortable and so so cute. I love these, they go with everything and I get many compliments, and feel much taller without the pain.", "These shoes have the Nike Free 5.0 low sole, and it is the perfect barefoot feeling. They are extremely different from other Nike shoes, and the woven design is absolutely no gimmick. They fit really smug on my feet, feel like they weight nothing and are extremely comfortable to walk on. I payed $2oo for my pair, and they are worth every penny.One problem though, they may run a bit small on the size, so I highly recommend you try-fit them in a real store before ordering..", "This shoe arrived and looks very similar to the Nike Inneva Woven but minor differences had me wondering, the fit was the true tell. Basically the shoe I had gotten had the back of the heal sitting back over the edge of the sole causing a very painful sensation of the edge of the edge of the sole cutting into my heal. The upper of this shoe was also incorrectly made being way too tight to allow a foot to properly go into it. It was almost as if they had used the sole of a size 13 shoe and tried to make it into a 14.", "Dont get burned by some of these buyers. Nike store has these on sale all time for 65$. Buying them on nike will assure you quality at a better price. Dont get scamed", "Ordered a size 10 and they fit way too narrow, very disappointed. I will be returning these Air Max as soon as possible.", "Shoe fits great and is everything I expected. Came shipped as expected and on time. Shoe size is also very accurate and width fits as well.", "its a very good cleat i like it because i have a wide foot so it fits really digs in the grass i make my cuts and side shuffles great only thing is dosent have that much comfort in the cleat other then that its a great cleat thanks for the product !", "My son loves these shoes. They are well made and comfortable. Price was reasonable and they fit as expected. We may buy more later in other colors.", "So comfortable and definitely my favorite shoe. I've wanted air maxes for years and couldn't be happier now that they're mine.", "Just bought the item.  Looks like it is good value for money.  Liked the colour.  We will know the quality only after a few months of usage.", "When i received this item i got two different colors of shoes. One was grey in color and the other one was brown in color. I returned it and got a refund which was great", "I am glad that there are companies that make something that goes a little bit farther...I want to preserve these rich man's shoes...Eventually I will wear them out with a variety of extreme workouts...I hope that Nike continues to pay these shoe engineers to design shoes that, I believe, will extend my life.  Many thanks...They go beautifully with light colored casual outfits...John Bendheim, M.D. of Verbank, NY", "You would have to be the stupidest person in the world to buy these shoes.  $400!  WOW!", "Not sure if these are on par with the retail release, but something about them bugged like they were B- grades. Not fakes by any means I studied them upon receiving them greatly and they seemed somewhat on point but there were a few things about it that made me think they are b-grades. 1. Box was in terrible shape, not only that but the seller did not double box it for shipping. A bag around a box of shoes loosely tossed and turned in the UPS truck perhaps made it more beat up than it should have been. On top of that when I opened it the shoes looked to have some immediate flaws as Nike usually does on any of their outlet items. One the area above the toe box where the lacing begins was raised up like it had been warped by heat damage. It is something that may go away with wear though as the material learns to grasp on to the shape of the foot. Another issue was the holes created for the fly wire to come through look very ugly. It may not be noticeable from a distance, but damn up close it looks pretty hideous especially on this white mesh and fuse material used on that part of the upper. The flywire was very loose and makes re-lacing the Lebron X a pain. That icy blue bottom is pretty yellow, and not blue at all. Positives are the fit and feel when the shoe is on foot. Heel Cup is extremely supportive though when I tried it on, and the shoe fit my slightly wide foot very well. I go half a size up in running shoes, but for some basketball shoes like the Kobe 8 which is very tight I have to re-do the laces a particular way to have them comfortably fit on my feet to use size ten. In these there was no such issue and there is much more space toward the front of my ankle. I have pretty deep arches and I felt that this shoe supported that well. Lastly the design and colors really look nice although have some obvious flaws like the icy translucent blue being very clear and yellow although those gold flakes are a nice touch. I like the shoe but in hindsight I would not pay more than 150$ for this, the price is ridiculous and Nike is making a killing off Lebron's name and hype. Do yourself a favor and save the money, unless you NEED this shoe specifically for the way it fits and plays, there are plenty of other, cheaper options to explore.", "got this shoe can't say if i made the mistake or not but when the shoe reach it was a half size to small, so i'll have to get it sell and see about get thing  another shoe..", "I used to run with the Free Run+ 2.  Those shoes are amazing and when they got to a point where they were too worn, I decided to give these a try.  I bought these from a local Nike store and wore it once to the gym.  Every time I centered the tongue, as soon as I took a couple of steps, they would shift way outwards. Unlike the other Free Run+ or Free+, the tongue is not attached to the body of the shoe. So if you are thinking about buying this shoe, keep this in mind. The shoe itself is comfortable, but with the tongue shift at the back of my mind, I can't focus on anything else. Avoid these, buy the Nike Free 5.0+. They are very comfortable and the tongue is attached.", "Love them! I've had these shoes before so I knew they ran small, I wear a size 6 so I ordered a 7.", "I love everything about these cleats. I got these for my adult flag football league and I couldn't be happier with how they perform and how they look.", "perfect For Off Season training, Very Light And Comfortable For Speed. We Will Definitely Order Another Pair In The fall", "this is a very nice pare of shoes , my regular size in nike is 40.5, i ordered 41 its a little bit larger as i expected. there are great ,the color is a little bit more purple and there are comfortable off cource!!the only negative is that the delivery late !!", "I wear a 10/10.5 I have a 10.5 superhero edition and they fit awesome!! They are so light like your not wearing anything at all!! They are also so breathable that your feet just stay comfy and dry", ".This is one of the most comfortable shoes u can buy it feels as if I'm not walking with shoes on but a very comfortable pad under my feet when I'm walking", "The Nike Air Zoom Super Bad 3 D, is a great Football shoes. But, i do not play the game, so listen to the guys that play the game and hear what they said in their nike review. So fallow the Link to some great reviews. [...]", "I love these shoes for a casual day shopping or brunching/lunching on the weekendsThey are surprisingly comfortable but the laces are kind of hard to do at the ankle but that should be easier once they are worn in but easily replaceableThese were a steal for a classic look I would definitely recommend this", "I really like these Roshes. They feel exactly like the regular ones. IF you are scared of purchasing shoes from Amazon, as I was before, you shouldn't worry. These came in perfectly and fitted very nicely. Try to fit some roshe's in your local store before purchasing.", "I wear air Max all the time. I have never bought them online. I bought on Amazon because I have bought other items and was very pleased. Even returning something is very easy. The problem with these sneeks is that when I wore them to the gym they were big and I thought they would  only get bigger as time goes on. I was wondering maybe they were seconds but it did not say that in the description. I tried to return them and they will not exchange or refund any item that were worn. Now I am stuck with a pair of sneeks I can't wear and they so exepensive. I will never buy sneeks online again!", "I bought this because I missed the old nike low dunk premiums. This was a nice alternative, but nothing beats the old dunk lows.", "Delivery was fast and shoe was awesome. Will definitely be on the look out for different colors.! My husband loved the fit.", "My son is very happy with his new Nike tennis!, and he use them to go out with hi friends.", "We loves the cleats. I love watching him play! With pads and cleats, watch them play one of theAllMy son loves these clesa", "this are cool looking shoes i dont have them yet but i am DEFINITLY getting them so it would be a good idea to get them.", "It is very comfertable and stylish i love these shoes so much and I'm glad I got them.i injoy them alot", "Great fit and great colour my son loves it. I will recommend this to any one it colour looks better in person", "These shoes are adorable, got a pair for myself and my sister; everyone keeps asking where they were purchased, the color is even better in person. Great purchase!", "Shoe feels and fits good just the pair I received has defects but from other pair of one shots I've skated they were great!", "Excelente!!!!!", "I bought these for a son that is playing soccer in college and on a mens league team. The shoes fit as expected. Through the first two months of use they have held up well, there are no signs of rips or coming unglued. If they continue performing as they are, I will probably get him a second pair of these.", "My son thought they were a little tight - but he swore they weren't bad and just needed a little break in. He loved how comfortable they were, and said the color is awesome. He played his first game in them and mentioned that he has far more control. He also mentioned how he and his older brother (whom I also gave a pair) had a conversation about expensive cleats ... they didn't think they were worth the money, until they wore these. Now they understand that you do get higher quality with higher prices. I would recommend them.", "Hands down best soccer cleat I have ever owned. I've been playing for 19 years and am still impressed with the build and performance quality of this cleat. The cleats DO come with the Mercurial bag pictured and also has a small width-wise zippered pocket on the inside top. Perfect for ball pumps, socks, or small personal belongings. The carbon fibre on the bottom is very much real and makes the soles super stiff but yet the lightest shoe ever. The cleats themselves are Firm Ground but yet have a little sway to them on harder surfaces like wood or concrete (try to avoid these surfaces at all costs to avoid extra wear) Its a unique feeling compared to other cleats I've worn but on grass they are a beast. Ball handling, running, stopping, jumping, all amazing in these. Fit like a glove (Nike Soccer's strong suit) so order true size. The visual's of this cleat are stunning. Loads of compliments so far but you can easily blind people if they aren't expecting it (literally) in the sun; they are brighter than a highlighter. Ive been practicing with these nearly daily and expect to be using these for a long time. I regularly clean the cleats keep them in the bag and always put the cardboard inner piece back in the cleats when not in use (cardboard pieces come with cleats). Im pairing these cleats with the Adidas Brazuca 2014 Fifa World Cup Winter Match ball, highly recommended. Overall if you're worried about price, just go for it. With soccer cleats the more you spend, the better product you get. Happy kicking!", "I bought this shoe for my son. He loved the shoe. The only problem is it did not hold up very well. He is very active and these shoes could not keep up with him. The hole was in the toe of the shoe and only had it 1 month. Just not worth the money.", "My nephew loved these....he is a NY knicks fan and these matched perfectly with that teams colors!!! For the price I thought they may have lasted longer but then again he is 12 so that could have played a big part in that. He wore them for EVERYTHING!!! lol", "I purchased the shoes for my son who is very pleased with the the shoes. I ordered a 10 1/2 and the shoes fit fine.", "My 12 year old son and I have to agree upon what shoes he gets, and these ones we both liked.  They fit well...a little on the big side so he has room to grow.  I gave them 5 stars because my son was so happy with them and really likes the style, color and fir.", "BOUGHT THESE SHOES AND THEY SEEM VERY TIGHT, AND ROUGH, TOO STIFF NOT SOFT INSIDES AT ALL, WOULDNT BUY EM AGAIN.. MAYBE ITS THE STYLE, ALSO THE SHOE LACES UNDO VERY EASY AND ITS VERY INCONVENIENT.", "Nice shoe but my issue with the Jordan's of late is not that they fit but slipping them on is somewhat of a pain.  The last 3 pair have been this way  while other brands I do not have this difficulty.Probably my last pair.", "This individual chose this rating because these particular pair of shoes are very light. Therefore, this pair of NIKE shoes was a gift for one's father and he really loves them and has gotten many positive comments about these pair of NIKE shoes.", "This pair of nike's had become my favorite shoes! They are comfortable, the colors are vibrant and full of life. I receive lot's of compliments every time I wear them.", "These Nike shoes are very confortable, they may feel kind of weak but the support is superb. The colors are killer white, teal and orange is a great combination with other clothing elemnts!", "He mentioned that he didn't understand why people would pay so much for cleats...until he wore these in a game! He spoke about how comfortable they were (fit to size) and how he noticed how much more control he had handling the ball. Basically he said his old cleats let the ball slip and slide by, but these almost gripped the ball. He needs to get used to it but he LOVES the potential. He also mentioned the black color was really unique and he thought it was very cool (and not like other simple black cleats somehow)...based on his joy I would recommend them.", "They came quick which I loved! They were a birthday gift. Was a little worried about the bottom part at first...thought they were clear but turned out silver,  wasnt sure he would like that be he does. Hes pretty picky. LolSo ladies, if ur man likes ken griffey this is definitely the shoe for him. Highly recommend!", "If you don't like big backpacks this isn't the backpack for you. Personally I love this backpack! It has a pocket in the front that is insulated. My water once spilled in there and it didn't get all over the backpack and was easy to clean. It's also a good price considering my cousin got this backpack for $90! Great Product", "I got this for my 10-year-old son. He loves it.  It's  high-quality and looks great. Lots of room and pockets to carry everything you need at the gym.", "Great backpack.  Well constructed with lots of compartments to store and organize everything and looks good as well.  Side pockets are adjustable and large enough to fit the large Gatorade bottles or can be tightened to fit a smaller water bottle.  Great features.", "Bought this bag for my son and he loves it!  It's durable and has enough pockets for all his needs.", "This is a very nice and well made backpack. My grandson is a fan of the  Oaklahoma Thunders. This was added to his collection.", "My daughter loves this bag,she uses it for traveling with her AAU basketball team.it packs a lot and very sturdy.", "Bought this for my 10 year old and he loves it.  His 13 year old brother tends to use it a lot therefore causing brotherly arguments.  Ah, the joys of parenting.  Nonetheless, great backpack!", "Extremely pleased with the product.  It is perfect for going to ballgames.  Ball...water..clothes and shoes all fit.  Easy to pack", "My grand daughter loves it , she is ready for a new one!!!!! She loves the Thunders - OKC Love", "Very comfortable, excellent grip, light, and good support. My favorite show to play basketball in. I recommend to not use these outside due to the materials in it.", "These look just as awesome in person. Very happy with this purchase. Fit perfectly. Might pick up another pair cause there going to be worn a lot", "Used three times. Terrible blister on the heel every time because they dig in to the back of your foot so much. Trashed them.", "I chose this rating because these shoes run small the size 13 works but a 12 1/2 would have been perfect.", "This is a great shoe.From the way it fits to the way it performs and specially how it looks. Does not fall short for nothing.", "I will be returning these shoes when I put them on they are tight on my feet even with adjusting the laces then when going from carpet to tile I almost fell from slipping .", "In the last month , I've bought 3 pairs of cross - trainers mainly for classes like Zumba. This pair has been the overall best for this type of activity without buying a specific \"dance\" shoe.  There  is enough arch support.  Also, I really like the color combination.  If the sole had a small swivel pad then they would be perfect.  Despite not having this feature, I am still able to turn side to side very easily.", "Very lightweight and perfect for cross training. cute colors too.", "I was upset to see that these were USED shoes and were advertised as brand new also they came with black laces instead of brown.... They are really clean and not creased or dirty, but they are USED.", "My son loved these things when he first got them but as with all kids they don't look so good now.", "I absolutely love these shoes!! Their comfortable, and I love the look. They fit true to size. Everytime I wear them I receive compliments.", "Love them. I wear these in the hospital all day when I am on call or when I'm in the OR and my feet feel great at the end of the day.", "My boyfriend loves these shoes! He usually hates wearing ruining sneakers, but these shoes fit well and are very cozy. Great buy for someone getting back into running!", "I love this shoe.  Great color and quality.  No imitation here.  I would definitely order these shoes again, they are great!", "Shoes are much tighter than expected,  but not too tight. Very comfortable and very stylish. Recommended to any type of runner.", "I where a size 11 in every pair of nikes I've ever owned! This size 11 is SMALL! Wish I would of ordered a half size bigger.", "They are Shox, I've always had great luck with Shox and these follow suit. They are very compfortable and breath well.", "I have issues with buying gym shoes. Because I have a wide foot but heal is narrow. The nike shows are great because they are wide up front but still locks the heal in place. The size is true to what I wear and the quality is great. Liked these shoes so much I ordered them in both colors.", "I have never ordered shoes online because I like to try them on first.. But I took a chance. And I normally wear Nike. So the Nike sizes are the same  so was not tooo worried.  And they fit great !", "Love this shoe!  Husband has back problems and this is the only shoe that helps his back while walking.  Fit is a little snug but if you are a nike lover you know this.  After a few wears its perfect and or buy a size in a half bigger then you would for another shoe.", "Comfortable, durable, great support are how I would describe these shoes. They fit well and support my feet very well.", "I like the comfortable fit. These shoes are great for a moderate to long run. They are becoming hard to find.", "Comfortable, fits perfectly, good quality has expected, perfect for running with a lot of gripRecommend for sports or daily use", "i go through a lot of tennis shoes.  i work on my feet bartending and have for years  these are some of the best shoes i have tried in a long time  i wear my shoes out every three to four months.", "Very tight fit. Didn't have an adjustable tongue. The look of the shoe was nice. Like the mesh and colors", "Honestly - I'm very particular about my sneakers.  I do a lot of aerobics - and tend to really notice elements of shoes that others often don't.  I noticed the price tag associated with these shoes - and it almost scared me away (to be honest with you).  Glad I wasn't!  From the moment I put these shoes on - I knew they were the right ones.  Nike's tend to run a little 'small' on me - so I purchased a 10 - when in fact I normally (for a dress shoe) wear a 9.5.  Wow - great fit.  Incredible look feel.  I only worked out in them twice (thus far) but the knee pain that I had felt with my previous sneakers does not exist with these - so believe me when I say - they're worth EVERY PENNY.  Thanks Nike and Amazon!", "Hi, I had order this Nike NSW SKYstepper Men's Sneakers Pure Platinum/Atomic Red-White, for my Nephew, it arrived before the time stated, Not sure of the Location to The Bahamas, packaging was great, size was as requested & tracking was available. He Love's it, Thx. Amazon & Rollbackdeal, for making this transaction a smooth one.", "My father in law bought some of these shoes 10 years ago and now just replaced them!! He loved them!!", "these are hard core tuff. They still give me the Nike Experience. just Awesome. I purchase alot of stuff online. And this pair of Nike boots ROCK.", "I love this purchase. Looking to pickup another pair I saw that was not available in my size when it does before available.", "I purchased these boots for my grandson, He loves them, he said the are very comfortable, warm and are doing great  for our wintery snow storms, they arrived within three days and I am very satisified with this purchase.", "I got these boots before the estimated dilivery date. I love the fit and style. I would recommend them to anyone. The best way to go is online. If you wear a 10 1/2 get an 11.", "Comfortable boot, but after 5 months of minimal wear (truck driver/driving truck) the sole is falling off. $160 for 5 months of wear? Never again!", "I wear a Nike 9.5 for all of my other Nike brand shoes.  These boots in a 9.5 seem to run a tad bit larger, however for my purposes it actually worked out great.  I wanted to wear very thick socks and they fill the void quite well!  I have been wearing these boots now for about a week and I am surprised to say I have to agree with all of the other reviewers out there that these boots are in fact comfortable to wear.  They don't feel overly clunky, or heavy and I can walk around in these boots all day without any weird rubbing or discomfort.  I hope these hold up for a while, but if not I would definitely buy another pair again.EDIT:I had a chance to use these boots in NYC during the cold weather and in snow!  I walked miles and miles on end and I did not suffer from any hot spots or blisters.  My feet were sore and fatigued but that's normal wear and tear from walking and standing around for 8-12 hours a day.  These boots held up so well!  I stepped in a few puddles by accident and snow was building up around the toe box area and my feet were warm and dry with some thick socks.  I can't say enough positive things about these shoes for what I used them for.", "They look great! I'm happy with it and I got them fast.The price was right!! I was looking all over for this shoes :)", "These sneakers arrived on time. I was satisfied with the purchase. I originally seen these sneakers selling for $145.00. But, I copped them for $92( shipping and handling excluded). You do the math. These Nike Air Force 1'sdefinately elevate my sneaker game!", "Lightweight and great overall fit - the Zoom Vapor 9 tour is comfortable and snug fitting tennis shoes especially on hardcourts.These colors are just an added bonus.  Had rave reviews and folks asking me about them all the time.... personally have generated more business for Nike :)  I got mine in the Men's version in my size (which usually runs 1.5 times smaller) than the women's size that you wear!noticed Nike finally made the Zoom Vapor 9 for women this year with kits for Azarenka and sharapova in orange!I liked Roger Federer's version the best!", "Nothing against the company. the shoes where as described and arrived on time. These are a very rare pair of forces and they turn heads when i wear them. I call them the &#34;LuBoutin Editions&#34;, lol", "It runs a size more bigger. Im 8.5 but if i ordered a 8 it will fit me well. I love the colors", "I have received so many compliments on this sneaker.  One of the reasons I like shopping on Amazon is because a lot of the items are unique that you can't find in stores.  The color is an exact match (I was a little concerned) but definitely true to color.  Sizing is perect....love Nike 3.0.I actually use these as cross trainers rather than running....but not to say I won't run in them.  The camo fabirc is a hit in the gym....love, love love this shoe.", "Online I thought these shoes were beautiful, as they were in person.  But upon trying them on I found a slew of things wrong with these shoes. Right under the first lace is a plastic piece that when you bend your foot digs into your toe.  It makes such a strange crease and is unbearably uncomfortable, definetely in no way shape or form a running shoe. the plastic tip on the toe also makes a strange feeling, its just hard and not flexible at all for the gym or running. the shape is weird as well. they look like platypus's on my feet and dont conform to my foot at all. Severly dissapointed and sad.", "I would highly recommend this product to those looking for comfort....support...great style combined with fabulous color choices.I love this shoe!!!", "I love these shoes! They feel so light and comfortable. Color is a little bright, but the fit and feel are great. Highly recommend.", "If you are a runner and like to run long distance this is probably the best shoe Nike offers for runners! I run all the time on the treadmill and outdoors. I have done quite a bit of research because the nike 2.0 is popular among my friends, however they do more weight lifting. The Nike Free 5.0 is definitely more light weight and flexible than the 2.0. It also offers a lot more arch support for those of us who have really high arches! Another great thing is that the toe area is wider than most running shoes. (They may look like \"duck feet\" from the wearers point of view, but trust me it's for a good reason!)When someone is running, the moment their foot connects with the ground on each step, all of the tiny bones in the foot need to be able to spread out, because the toe on this shoe is so wide it allows for that to happen. If the foot is constricted in a narrow shoe, the bones are going to grind together because they are not allowed the room they need, this can cause a lot of foot pain and more severe problems down the line.  The Nike 2.0 is not as wide as the 5.0 and any training shoe isn't going to have this feature. If you are looking for great running shoe, or just a comfortable shoe that you can wear all day, this is definitely a great buy and well worth the money!I now have 2 pairs of these shoes and wear them for working 8 hour shifts where I am walking/standing all day, and to the gym to run a couple of miles! Also this shoe fits true to size. If you're not sure of what size you should get, I would suggest getting half a size up! I wear 5.5 in sandals, and 6 in flats or heels, but in running shoes I always get a 6.5! That way they are never too snug and I can wear them with thin or thick socks!", "4", "my Girl has wide feet and has to go to men's shoes to get a good fit.  She really likes these.", "I purchased these for non-running CrossFit activities and they are great.  They look good, feel good on your feet, and are very well made.  I highly recommend this shoe!", "My husband has always loved the Nike running shoe, but wasn't to sure about ordering online. But they fit great.", "I LOVED these shoes, I thought they were winners and would never buy another type of shoe again, for about a month and a half..... the shoe started tearing right where the fabric meets the rubber, and I don't do anything crazy in them. Disappointing for something you spend so much money on.", "Awesome shoes!True to fit and one of a kind.I would recommend to anyone who loves jordans. Another  must have!", "I got to pick these out for myself for Christmas, so I know that they are awesome!  I have got to try them out already and I love them!", "I bought these for my wife she had never had a pair and has always dreamed of having a pair so I gave her an early Christmas because she's my world and deserves the best...thanks", "I love these! Fit great and look cute also. Very very comfortable. You can wear these to work out or just on a casual day.", "Good choice, for a good Price/Quality relation. It's a confortable and light wheight shoe, for long walks in all kind of terrains.", "Bought this for a 10yr old boy and he loved it.  Good for basketball or just everyday wear.  Highly recommend--Great shoes!", "I'm a Nike fan so these were a no-brainer. True to size and easily converted from men's sizes to women's. Quality material and the color is very rich. Really comfy too! Love love love them!", "Great buy, great pair of shoes.  I bought these sneakers for my nephew and he loved them.  I don't regret this purchase.", "I love these shoes...but I need some pants and a shirt to go with them. Any recommendations? Email me at imsuperstar369@gmail.com", "looked,purchased, satisfied! first time user on amazon and i'm happy with what i've received. Getting a lot of compliments on the shoes.", "I love these shoes, however, they are a bit snug. I am a women and wear a size 10 so I ordered a size 8.5 since this is in men's. Next time I'll order a half size up. Other than that, these are a must have.", "DOPE SHOES!", "My son picked these shoes out and he loved them and has been wanting another pair in another color so it looks like I will be back!", "one of the best shoes i have ever put my foot into, want to buy a bunch more just to have them incase they stop making them", "Very comfortable running shoe!! hardly can feel it - no knee or foot pain - great sneaker for working out/running", "I would certainly have given these 5 stars.  These shoes fit great, looked sharp and were exactly what I was looking for.  BUT&#8230;what was called Fusion Red and appeared red on every screen on which I viewed the shoes (Dell monitor; HP monitor; iPad; and, iPhone) was actually neon orange.  Not light orange or pumpkin orange.  But definitely that darker neon orange that is popular right now.  I was SO disappointed when I pulled them out of the box.  I really wanted to wear these to my son's hockey games.  His team colors are red and black.  And what's worse is our biggest school rival's colors are orange and black.  No way I could wear these shoes!  I'd be laughed out of town for wearing &#34;THIER&#34; colors.  And everyone in my family agreed, they were NOT red and they were NOT the same shade that appeared online.  So bummed.  Sent them back.", "Love these sneakers they match my shirt just right, and I have gotten plenty of compliments about these sneakers and my friends and family have been asking me where did I buy these shoes.  I have recommended this seller to everyone who ask me about these sneakers.", "He runs mid to long distance in track.  I ran across these shoes at the nike outlet in LA.  I bought them in 2 sizes.  A 7.5 and an 8.5.  This translates to a 6 and 7 kids shoe.He is now wearing a 6.5 kids shoe and the 7.5 still fits him.You have to put them on a few times before they go on easily.  He wears them with socks.  He likes them because they force him on his toes.  They give him cushion as he runs aroudn the track in races.  He prefers them over spikes.  Spikes make him end the 1500 sore.  These he finsishes without the soreness.I do have a concern as to if they are reducing his time over spikes.  Usually in the 400 spikes give you a 2 second advantage.", "Just beware that (for me) these run a half-size, or maybe even a whole-size larger than they are labeled.  ...or are my feet shrinking :o", "It was cool and very fit to me. I like that shoe because when i jumped i feel like i have a supporter in my ankle", "Very nice shoes, size is just about right, very comfi as well, no other shoes in this price will give you this quality", "Very comfortable. Fits true to size and like most Nike running shoes. Light weight, medium support.", "Comfortable sneakers at a decent price, I would definitely recommend these for a basketball shoe if you prefer low tops.", "I loved the comfort and colors of these shoes but the styling made my foot look wide and flat. i was sorry to return them.", "Shoes fit and are as expected.  The only thing is that they are an orange color, and I thought crimson was a red color.  Not too many things match with these shoes, now that I know they are not red.", "Size is true to what it states!  My son loves his shoes!  Would definitely consider purchasing from them again in the future!", "Perfect fit & excellent package. Came with the Nike Box, it is the authentic Nike pair of shoes & the size was excellent, no complains what so ever.", "this item was a 10.5 i bought for my husband, thank god my son is an 11 and loves them.. item runs 1/2 to a size larger.", "Like the classic color.. black and white and leather. Fit just perfect. comfortable and always durable. There are my second pair of tennis for jogging and doing sports.", "I have been wearing Nike shoes for many years, and have always appreciated how long they last.  My most recent purchase was about two years ago, so I decided it was time for a new pair.  Knowing that Nike runs small, I chose a pair 1/2 a size bigger as I normally do.  These shoes, however, were a little bigger than my other Nike's but fixed easily with some insole inserts.  The shoes are very comfortable and look and feel like they will last awhile.  I am noticing that they will be warm in the summer, as there is little venting on the shoe.", "I love the way my feet feel in these shoes and how comfortable they are. This has been the first pair of athletic shoes that I have been able to wear without my feet falling asleep.", "These sneakers provide great stabilization. My pronating days are over, at least until they wear out. I will be purchasing another pair, once I've run these into the ground.", "I have worn shoxs for years, but these hurt the botton of my big to on both feet. I would not buy them again, this is alot of money to have sore feet.", "i recommend because has a nice style, is comfortable ans suitable for daily run, nike shox has a special way to absorb the shock  and in my opinion this absorb system care about health of legs.", "Love these shoes!!! They fit great, the design is awesome and they are comfortable too! I would recommend these to anyone who wants a comfy shoe.", "Still waiting to hear on return of funds.Seems like it must be nearly a week.I have been checking my email waiting to see what is my next step", "These shoes were bigger and bulkier than I expected them to be, perhaps because I am used to seeing those neon colored ultra-light joggers that seem to be everywhere. I get Nikes because they have good arch support, important for my foot. The fit around the heel/Achilles is narrower than other Nikes I've purchased, so it's a big snug, but hasn't caused any pain. I wear a size 8 street shoe and bought these in a 9.5, per my usual upsizing for an athletic shoe. Recommended.", "Nice looking but could not put my foot in them they run very narrow so I could not even try them on....got a pair of Nike the other day 71/2 and they fit,I love Nike shoe just wished they would have fit sending back", "I always loved Nike shoes, and these don't disappoint. They look amazing and are comfortable for all day use. Will strongly recommend.", "I work in a warehouse where there is concrete floors,i walk at least 5 miles daily these shoes save my knees and my back i love shox.", "I love Nikes but they all fit different. These ones are very cute and are just as pictured! I would only recommend them to people with more narrow feet though. They length fit me great, but when wearing them during a workout they squished my feet so bad, I had to take them off. I don't have wide feet in most shoes, so I would just recommend them for narrow feet people.", "Felt like putting on a good fitting glove!  Love them. I did order a 1/2 size larger than my reg. shoe size. Lots of support!", "I really should have known better than to orders shoes on line. I had to return them .To tight through the toe area.", "They didn't feel comfortable...they feel as if they need broken in'...I'm trying to wear them and stretch them out...unhappy....grrrrrrr. 130 bucks wasted", "I love them, they fit snug but my feet felt good in them.  I would definitely recommended these shoes to anyone.", "Im working out and hiking every day, tried different shoe, different nike also, but this is the only nike or any shoe what is fit, comfy from the first use.Highly recommended", "My daughter absolutely loves these shoes.  She teaches college and does a tremendous amount of walking.  These shoes make it so much better for her", "Comfort level and styling are as expected , but price is still more than I would like. Would prefer more basic coloring.", "This style of shoe runs 1/2 size small and narrow.  Order up and you'll be fine.  Otherwise I like the shoe.", "I love the colors on this shoe!  and I've always loved the Nike Shocks, but this shoe is so bulky that it doesn't fit right.  There's just too much material in it that it doesn't fit right or comfortable and It makes my size 8 feet feel huge.", "As others have said these shoes are very padded. Like abnormally padded. I would definitely size up. Makes me disappointed. Did not return as the fit me correctly length wise but are very tight.", "I love these and am so glad I went up a 1/2 size! They are so comfortable and love the way they fit me!", "My nephew love them and fit as expected. The color and designed are perfect.", "I really like the shoes,the color the same as inThe picture,i have some compliments at work,I hope theres another color availableAnd i buy another one", "I have bought a tons of nike shoes and these are by far my favorite. They are comfy and have lots of support esp. for someone who has knee problems. I also workout everyday and they are perfect for that as well.", "Got this for my old lady, they look nice and fit well, but they are uncomfortable when you work out,", "Purple is my favorite color and purple Air Force 1 is purely work of art, not to mention the timing of the delivery.", "These sneakers will fit your size exactly, even though it is kind of a tight fit. Ordering a 1/2 size down from your regular size may make this shoe too small for you. Other than that, the shoe is good. These are some nice classic Nike sneakers. I'm a big fan of air maxes.", "These Air Max shoes are narrow and tight.  Make sure to order wide if available.  Not a bad looking shoe.", "I bought these shoes for my husband to go with his sweat suit. I love the way these shoes look on him. These shoes are definitely worth the money.", "He wears a 10.5 in Nike everything else (not wide or narrow special sized) and these are particularly tight starting at the base of his toes. They are actually uncomfortable for him to wear; so, consider ordering WIDE, even if its not typical for you", "I bought it as a gift for my husband and it is exactly what I expected.Shipped on time.Thank you very much.", "Nice sweatshirt, good quality, looks just like the pic but seems to run very small.  it probably runs about 2 sizes too small.", "They are nice. Was surprised by the color.Just a little small. Should have gotten a size bigger. That's my only issue", "The laces cut painfully into the top of my foot through the thin, unpadded cloth of the tongue, and that was with fairly thick socks on pacing in the living room. Walking down hill would have been hell. Poor functional design, all style, no brains. Returned them.", "Very comfy, fits perfectly on foot, laces ties easily and easy to put it in... Highly recommended.Very good for the price", "Sirs.TSTSC Industries & AmazonExcellent services and attentionNike Air Max Navigate Women's Shoes, Pure Platinum/Current Blue/White, 7.5...Sincerely.Byron GG", "I've been a NIKE girl for the entirety of my adult life, and for good reason. Nike is serious about promoting the health and quality of their customer's lives. They produce quality products to insure we accomplish our health goals safely and with the greatest degree of comfort! With NIKE, there's no excuse NOT to JUST DO IT! THANK YOU NIKE!", "love playing ball in them. good ankle support. good traction. but gotta keep em clean cause they look good in the club too!", "Awesome", "I love these shoes, was trying to get other colors, tried the 3.3 but it was too tight; and was giving all kinds of grief trying to return it to MVP Sports. Will never buy from them again.", "I should have waited to see it in person. I was a little overwhelmed by color. I like neon but this was an overload. For those that enjoy bright bright colors, this one is for u. Cool sneaker, good fit, good price.", "Cool, masculine feel of heavy crude and they do black out tough punggyeo a man inside the shoes feel comfortable ankle held up well for being so harsh man seemingly come out of feeling buried. Report comfortable and stylish shoes that just bought around like a good.", "Great sneaker I use them at the gym they have good support.  The shipping could have been a little faster though but understandable with all the snow in the East.", "Great style very comfortable. I bought the royal and black as well. It's a rough tough shoe that is versatile.", "They fit like a glove , and they are very comfortable. I always buy Nike, but I didn't know how these were going to work. They look, and feel great.", "I am size 7 but i dont know why this shoes fits me big ., I think that were made as size 7.5", "I love these Nike running shoes!  They fit perfectly and support my feet very well when running.  Love the colors - great for summer!  I give them a &#34;5&#34;!", "shoes are great now for weights but could never run in them.  they are so stiff when you get them it took me a good month to get them to bend!  fun color,  like the look, now they are comfy - a bit heavy.  again i would never run in them but like them for other workouts.", "Dunks are the only sneakers I will buy & wear. I bought a burgundy pair last year and absolutely love them. The only reason I'm giving these 4 stars instead of 5 is because they're a bit tight. The burgundy ones (same size) are more roomy. I don't know why these are smaller but they are.", "The sneakers are well made and fit true to size. My son is a boot wearer and these sneakers are a great change.", "I love these sneakers fits good looks good can't go wrong with Bo Jackson's  some of the best sneakers out", "Very good shoe. I ordered the shoe because I always wanted a pair of flyknit chukkas. I wore them to school and received MANY compliments on them. I ordered them because of personal preference, but it is nice that a lot of people also like them.", "there fit my feet good i will be buying a next one soon but i do like them i had to pay border force and that was 27.22", "Don't get confused by the incorrect product description &#34;Dark Navy&#34;. The photo showed a pair of red suede trainers. These are more of a purple/raspberry color. Still great looking but not the red we were hoping for.", "high quality fakes", "This is a very clean shoe and real too. Definitly real shoe would recommand shoe addicts to buy these shoes", "Look at the jumpman its crooked I have a pair from the store and the jumpman is in line w the bottom of the shoe", "My daughter was happy with this nice snickers. The delivery date was a time and everythings was ok. Beatiful and confortable shoes.", "I really love these shoes. The are so comfortable and very cute with skinny jeans & capris . They're real Nike and not a knock off. The only problem I have is that they are furry. I thought it would be just a print but it's actually like a fur print. This is going to make them hard to clean if I get something on them. I still love them though and get tons of &#34; OMG I love your Nikes!!!&#34;", "They wanted to charge me to ship the shoes back ,had to email them and tell them why should I have to pay for shipping ,when in the  &#34;About this item&#34;said nothing about they run really small,so be aware they run small a 8.5 is really like a 7 size shoe,but they are making it right now ,after I had to email them about it.hope I can get my money back quick .........", "Been playing soccer for 20 years and these are the best pair I've ever got. Materials fit perfectly to your foot form, and these are very light. Ball control is good. Great pair in general!", "I'm used to wearing men's soccer shoes given how limited the supply for women's shoes is. However, these 7.5 size shoes were narrow and didn't have much give. I opted to keep the black leather version of this shoe, as it stretched and was more pliable. If you have normal to narrow feet, and are a true 7.5/women's 9, then these would probably work for you.", "My older son loves this color. He has some socks to match. They fit true to size. Nice shoe color shoe.", "It wasn't for myself but was told it fits like a glove. Love the color. Wish I got one for me..#jelly", "Beautiful. Great shoe! Love the color it is one of the most perfect Nike running shoes ever to exist. For style and function.", "My Son wears a size 14 and he has trouble finding shoes. He purchased 3 pair of Nike and he likes these the best. They fit and feel great. They also look really nice also.", "Lovvvvveeee them! They are authentic and the quality is just as I remember it years ago.", "awesome. wanted the cheaper leather ones but couldn't find them. I guess it's not a bad thing to have the pricer suede ones.", "Really nice sneakers,  Air Force 1s always run a little big, if your a size 10 you will be comfortable in 9.5s", "I love these shoes, I'm a weekend warrior when it comes to basketball and these shoes are great they have cushion and support in all the right places, and as I get older I really appreciate it.", "Incredible! is very confortable shoes. The most lightly and beautiful shoe in the world.i love it. thank you very much", "Just got these in and they look just as good as they do in the picture! Got them for my boyfriend for his birthday and he loves them. He won't be wearing them til the snow melts though! Good buy.", "I am not an expert at buying shoes. I have always worn Pumas. This is my first pair of Nikes. Here are my thoughts:Fit: They do feel like a sock and it took a bit of effort to slip into this shoe. But once your'e in, the fit is great. They are snug at the ankle. Thus, if yours are a little wide, they will feel tight. I did not need to 'break' in these shoes, they were good to go since the moment I purchased them. I actually wore them the same day I did and intense workout. I did not feel discomfort at all.Material: The fabric is comfortable. It did not itch against my skin, even after I had a full 1.5 hour workout. The material is breathable so when I took my shoes off I did not encounter sweaty feet.Size: I read reviews here and at other websites that the shoe ran small. I am between a 6.5 and 7. I disregarded the reviews and thought well I always end up sizing at 6.5 and rarely at 7. So, I'll go with 6.5. Well I almost ordered the 6.5 but I decided to go to the store and check for myself. See, I have never owned a pair of Nikes, this is my first as I have transitioned from the Puma brand. Anyway, I went to the Nike store and tried on both. The 6.5 was so tight I barely got my foot in and my toes stuck out through the fabric. I tried the 7 and at first they felt a little big but once I started walking in them I felt like my foot adjusted and the size 7 was the right choice.Durability: I only recently purcahsed this pair of shoes. But a friend of mine who has owned nothing but Nikes since forever said that the flyknits he's had are really good for the gym as opposed to running because the tread on the shoe will start to wear quickly if you run in them a lot, whether around town or on a professional track. Only time will tell.Other: I researched 5.0s vs. 3.0 and I really wanted a 3.0 shoe because the lighter the shoe the better your lift workouts will be is what I am told because you won't put too much strain on your feet. I was surprised to find that the 5.0 is pretty light. I believe it's right around 6.0 oz. But, I had no problem working out with these. My feet did not hurt at the end of the long workout which included lifting and plyometrics. I also did experience any slipping especially when doing weighted lunges or plies.Color: Well not much can be said about the black pair I purchased. But, if you care about being color coordinated, yu will be dealing with a pitch black color. So those, &#34;black&#34; leggings or capris won't look that dark against these shoes.", "My son is a BIG Kobe Bryant fan. And when I saw this babckpack, I just had to get it for him. No one at school has it and they keep asking him where he got it from! They can find the blue and black on line, but not this one, he likes being original. Only on Amazon!", "My teenage son loves this bag! It's very durable. It washes up really nice.It is kind of pricey though, hopefully my son with have it for the rest of his high school years.", "This bag is by far the best book bag I have ever owned. It has a sleeve for my laptop, and plenty of space for all my other books and other miscellaneous items. It is very comfortable and I am constantly getting compliments on the color and style of the bag.", "I gave up on Nike running shoes years ago because they no longer fit my pretty average-sized female feet. It actually hurt to run in them. After a long hiatus, I tried these Nikes when a friend recommended them. They're outstanding! Very lightweight and snug, but not tight. Very minimalist, meaning not a lot of cushioning between my foot and the ground. I always thought more cushioning was better, but since I started using these, I no longer have knee pain after runs. My only complaint is that they seem to be discontinued! The newer versions of this shoe just don't fit me -- they're extremely tight to the point of discomfort. So I bought up a few extra pairs of the 4.0 V3 to keep me going for a while and I'll cross my fingers for the more distant future. But for now, I'm loving these shoes.", "Beautiful shoe...reminds me of the Tiffany shoe Nike put out before.  Colour as displayed. Very comfortable and versatile.  Material (mesh) seems thin, but it is a well constructed shoe, so it moves well with the foot.  Highly recommended!", "This is a very comfortable and light shoe. Great running shoe. The color is beautiful and unique, just like the photo. Highly recommended!", "THey feel great and almost like you are not wearing anything! Very happy with them and recommend them, especially if you are a runner you feel like you are not dragging.", "Absolutely perfect fit, color, quality and style. I love these. These were exactly what I wanted and came in 2 days. Delivery was super fast!!", "Love them. Just have more of a blue hint (versus silver) to them then i originally thought but I'll still make them work!", "My 12 year old loves them. I wish they were not as pricey, since he will tear up any shoe up quickly. They fit well and last longer than most others we have tried.", "Great shoes!  Good quality and normal fit!", "I put them on and they fit perfect.  These are the shoes I was waiting for and the ones I expected.  I intend to wear these shoes regularly.", "This was awesome!! It's just what I expected. Delivery was on time and the product itself was awesome! Thank you!", "I love this cleats and my son is extremely happy with them, hope in a couple of months they still look ok.Another great product from nike.", "These shoes are very nice but they come a little larger than what the size is. I have other shoes that are the same size and that's why I ordered theat size but these shoes were larger. Made a little to big.", "I'm walking on air, no only do they look good but they are very functional while I try and get back into shape!", "They were a gift but the feedback i got from my sister is all positive. She loves them. I would recommend these and would buy them again.", "Got them for the hubby- Arrived fast- packaged nice- he loves them- I love them- Fit perfectly and he is a size 12.  Love All KD's", "Great shoes. Great fit and great price!", "good shoe very comfortable", "Shoe fit great was worth the wait to get them versus standing in line for them at the retail stores and the seller was excellent also", "These are so incredibly fake it's funny. Check the logo on the tongue,fuse, flywire, it is all off. Dont buy this shoe!!", "I love KDs! They are light, clean easy, and affordable. These glow in the dark and helped channel my inner child.", "The shoes fit perfect... My son who is 12 was very excited to finally get them...we love the colors!!! Got the shoes before the expected delivery date..yay!!!!", "Had to buy another pair cause someone stole the original pair, investigation still pending but i'm pretty sure one of my nephews lifted them from the garage. Air max 90s are Air max 90s. People know what they are getting and why they get them, i just love the all greys.", "Love this shoe!!....fits & feels great....my husband will only let me buy him this style shoe...he's got about 11 pairs just all different colors....", "Here is my youtube review on this. http://youtu.be/RRY7NGxtS5AThe shoe is designed to wear without socks. I wear them with socks so I ordered my usual size 7. If you plan to wear them without socks I would recommend 1/2 size smaller. They are really comfy! The insole comes out so you can clean it. The material is nice and breathable! They look amazing on too! I would buy these again and again!", "Got what I wanted just like the ad said it would be. They should ship ups not regular mail had to go to the post office to pick it up", "I wear a woman's 7.5, I bought a kids 5.5 it was tight at first but it stretched out. I get compliments on this shoe all the time, as expected. In hind sight, nextime I would go for 6.5 if I want to put my insoles in.", "Made from real surf skin, these bad boys are the real deal! Gargamel loves the squishiness as he shims along the forest canvas.", "Great shoes. Give them a couple days to break in, fitting like a glove now. Now I need some in every color.", "Going right back! First the shoe is bright orange, not pink!  Runs small and when u put the shoe on it is like a sock, too tight around your ankle. I ordered a half size up, and like I said to tight. Don't waste your time with this one.", "Bought these for my son and it was worth the money, he loves them perfect fit with just a lil space for him to grown into. Now I need a pair lol", "Love these- the fit is perfect and they are so comfortable. Nike+ comes through for me again - no surprises there!", "Feel/Fit:The first thing you notice with these is how great they feel when you put them on. It feels almost like you are wearing socks. They hug your feet. Everything except for the bottom is made of a knit/mesh type of material which makes these very light weight. The sizes are a bit weird, normally I wear a size 10.5 to 11 but with these I needed an 11.5. Unlike normal (non-barefoot) shoes you don't want extra room, it should fit like a glove.Look/Style:I love the look. They aren't crazy neon colors like most running shoes (although they do come in those colors, I chose the black and grey).Performance:Here is the big word of caution. These are &#34;barefoot&#34; style running shoes. For those not familiar that means that the these are closer to the ground with alot less heel in order to mimick barefoot running. Barefoot running is supposedly better for you since when your barefoot you naturally land on your midfoot and when you wear shoes you tend to make you land on your heel. Landing on your heel while running is poor running form. There are other shoes out there that are much more minimalist, and some even have individual toes (vibram), but I was not looking to go THAT minimalist. I usually run 3x per week so i'm not a beginning runner. I also do strength training on legs once a week. After 1 run in these shoes my legs were SORE! Running in these seem to work completely different muscles (or same muscles in a different way?). I didnt feel it during the run but i definitely felt in the next day. Over time as legs get used to it the pain went away.Overall, If your looking for a barefoot running shoe I'd recommend the Nike's to start with before going to something more minimalist. You may even want to consider getting the 5.0's (which have more of a heel than the 3.0 but less than regualr running shoe) before trying the 3.0s.", "I love these shoes. No question about it, some of the best money I spent on footwear. They did not have black on Amazon, so i opted to buy them in store. Very comfortable (much like the crossfit, I think that is the name of the running shoe?) and has a good amount of support. More comfortable than my Toms actually.Highly recommend if you can score them at a good price, although Nikes will run high.", "I bought these for my shoes for my 63-year old step-dad and he loves them! Says they are super comfortable, fit true to size and are cool. The pattern on the main part of the shoe is really cool too as it's very subtle. These are great shoes and give you the best of both worlds on the sole...Free and Air.Can't go wrong with these!", "Was exactly as I expected. Great support where needed. Very light weight. Colors are perfect. I would recommend these to anyone.", "These are great shoes. This is the 6th pair I have owned and enjoy the support system. I wore them the other day and got more comments than any other Sdfhox Turbo shoe I have owned. The color combination is as good as the quality.", "I absolutely love these shoes - they are comfortable and flexible for my high intensity interval training activities, and also for elliptical use and walking....... I don't typically run so I can't say whether or not they are good for that ( I would guess yes though).  This is the 2nd pair of Nike Free shoes I have ordered through Amazon and I absolutely love them...... I get tons of compliments on them as well from strangers!!  I will definitely order again when I need replacements!", "Reminds me of the old Bo Jackson Cross Trainers!!! I love them and will probably be getting another pair in the future!", "I went from an Air Max shoe to these because the air popped in the air max shoe.  Can't believe how comfortable and how well these fit!  Kind of hard to keep clean but they do clean up good.  Seem to match everything!  Very cool, comfortable shoe!", "The box was smashed, taped up with masking tape and full of bird shit but the shoes were good", "This is great for working out and hot summer days. You feel like you are wearing nothing!! Washes & dries so easily. However, Amazon, U R charging nearly 2X's Nike's price!!!!  $85!!!!!  Yikes!!! And Nike products aren't cheap.", "Every thing was great, ,, the size was fit excellent colour and very comfortable .", "These shoes fit well, my son likes the color.", "I ordered these and got a size to small other than that perfect great recommended it was my mistake though not the sellers", "They fit perfect and the are really light", "The product was shipped in record speed! I love these sneakers! The look and feel are awesome. I was skeptical when I made the purchase being as though some shoes require a larger or smaller size. I am a size 8 and these fit perfectly. I will definitely look to order again from this seller."]