["The watch was exactly what i ordered and I got it very fast. Unfortunately it was a bit too big for my wrist.  I returned it for a refund without any problems.", "Why isn't Nike making these anymore?  I love this watch, and I get a lot of compliments, questions from people who would like to have one as well.", "when it arrived, it had a dead battery--SO, I had to invest in a new battery before I could guarantee that the watch was in working order!  Luckily, it was--and now I happily wear it as my \"go-to\" watch.  I love this bangle style--so comfy!", "I own three of these watches. They are perfect for an active lifestyle, water resistant, a chron to time runs or other pursuits, close fitting and sleek so it never gets in the way. I have it in pink and black but this turquoise is my favorite - a great pop of color. They come in different sizes so be sure to get the one that's right for you. Highly recommend this product.", "This watch is ideal for a person with a very small wrist.  Looks very nice but is light green not camo, looks more like yellow on my wrist.  Good watch for a young girl.", "I've had several of these watches in various colors and love them. The picture is very misleading.  It is not multicolored, just a nice translucent green. The watch arrived with a dead battery, but Amazon very nicely reimbursed me for the cost of a new battery and now it's running perfectly.", "This is my third Nike Presto watch.  It is easy to use and extremely easy to put on and take off.  The color is a purply pink and the glitter is not too overbearing.", "This is a beautiful watch, bigger than I thought it would be, which made me happy. The back light works very well, the shine/glitter it has is beautiful, it doesn't look like too much. It is easy to put on and take off, perfect for workouts. The only bad thing I have to say about this product is that the lifespan of the rubber pieces at the end of the band is Very short and you have no way of getting a replacement, because they are not sold separately. I took mine off and I wear the watch with no rubbers at the ends, its not that ugly you cant even tell actually. All the same Im happy with my purchase, I would recommend it.", "First I have bought these watches in black colour for myself. I loved them! Then I decided to buy and present them to my friend. She liked these watches very much too! They are very fashionable and stylish!", "About the price and product itself I have no complaints - it is nice, different, stylish, but it does not last much, it stopped working after a while of use, like 4 or 5 months.- Just like that, it was not the batteries, I dont know.-Still for the price is OK what it lasted to me.-", "I'm on my 4th watch... I keep returning it due to poor design.  The band keeps coming apart in the same spot!  Nike hasn't been helpful when I've been in contact with them.  Now, I'm on my 4th watch and something funking is going on with the face of this watch and I've brought it in to a jeweler to have the battery changed.. TWICE and it's still acting up.  I wouldn't purchase another NIKE watch.", "This is the second watch like this I have purchased and both are awesome.  The watch is very comfortable and durable.  I would highly recommend the Oregon series watches.", "I have problems with metal allergies, and I can't wear most watches. The Nike Presto watches I can wear. They are comfortable, and don't cause a rash when I wear them. I have several in different colors. They are attractive, as well, though I like the blue metallic one the best. Nike doesn't make these watches anymore, nor nothing quite like them, that I've found, so get them while you can.", "Ok, so I bought this watch for my Dad for his birthday.  Little did I know that it would come without a battery! Who sells a watch without a battery?! Really?! Then I had to go through the hassell of going to the store, paying the over-priced jewelry guy for a battery. I haven't had the best experience with this watch...However, once I put a battery in it, it works well and the numbers are nice and big and it's pretty user friendly to figure out which buttons control/set which features.", "I was looking for a heart monitor watch and this one doesn't have this function! But for amateur runners like me it's perfect! It has chrono function and stores laps data! It just fits my demand!!! When I become a frequent runner I'll go for the heart monitor!", "This Nike women's watch has got to be the most comfortable watch I've ever had. You barely notice it's on your wrist, so lightweight and such a great fit. No fumbling with a buckle...it just slips on your wrist with ease. The face of the watch is easy to read, keeps good time, and I have gotten so many compliments on it. This beautiful quartz watch goes with every outfit from dressy to casual. The Nike swoosh right on the watchface really makes it look classy. A smart purchase, and a great price. It's about time you get this watch!", "It's a great watch. I bought a Nike watch about a month earlier, loved it and bought this for a friend. Amazingly sleek, sporty, dressy and elegant, not to mention the fantastic price we got it at (do wait and check out for price variations).Couldn't have asked for more! :)", "I've had this watch for 4-5 years now and have worn it daily for 2 yrs/alternating with other watches for the rest of the time.  The painted front has some wear, a few scratches on the face, and the band is now cracking (looking for another one).  The display has been blinking for about a year -- and the backlight works 70% of the time.  I'm sure this needs a new battery but it is such a great watch I hate to open the back and risk it not being watertight.  I have been scuba diving multiple times with it on -- up to 120' easy to read with the light at depth -- nothing but good things to say about this watch. Oh yeah -- my nieces and nephews love this watch (2.5yrs and younger) -- the light and other buttons keep them entertained for hours.  Great workhorse of a watch.", "The best think about this watch is the steel bracelet...I love nike watchs they're very good, i've 4 nike watchs and they're all good...You can certainly buy this wach you won't regret...I think thats it", "I like the angle; makes it much easier to read.  Numbers don't need to be stretched - get the one w/ normal numbers.  Buttons easy to use (not sticky like some).  One bad thing: the battery needed changing after 1 month; must have been old.  Work & sport watch; not fancy.", "I like the features this watch offersBUTIt's a pain to set as well as it keeps losing time, so I guess I need a battery.Also the snug band takes a bit of time to get use to.", "First of all, battery died prematurely twice.  Both times it was replaced by a reputable jewler.  The third time the jewler told me the watch is dead because of water leakage into the housing.  Indeed, there was rust inside the watch.  Second of all, to replace the battery, you have to remove the pins from both straps - an incredible feat in itself, since the pins are very difficult to remove.  Third, the wrist band is very stiff and uncomfortable.  Fourth, the glass face is very reflective and it makes reading the display very difficult.  Fifth, when you remove the watch and place it on any surface, chances are that you will depress the light switch on the side of the watch, and then if you don't notice it, you will drain the battery very fast.  Final tally: don't buy this thing, spend your money on something better.", "These watch has bought for its girlfriend. Such accessory not to find in Russia, Alas Nike does not trade. When she has got and parcel of land, they seemed very small and on baby hand. But each woman paid attention to her hand and I caughted the glances of the mans on her hand. The Product perfect, reliable, stylish. The Price funny, quality excellent. Will Suit for any young girl, which concerns with the sport and active rest. You may be calm for her watch and beauty.Alex", "I received these shoes last week. Aside from the usual break in period (stiffness), these shoes didn't take long to soften up.  My heels usually take a beating when I walk the golf course.  After my first round of golf wearing these shoes, my heels felt fine and no pain in the usual areas.", "These shoes lived up to my hopes after seeing the pictures on Amazon. The leather could be a little higher quality, it does have a slightly fake quality to it. I would pay a lot more for shoes that had this exact styling, but upgraded leather. All in all, they are a good value and look excellent. I've only worn them 15 times or so, but they still look great and are very comfortable.", "I purchased these as a surprise for my boyfriend and he loves them. Says they are very comfy and have even improved his golf. The smile on his face when he opened them was worth all 5 stars!!", "shoes fit great. exact color I wanted and it helped my golf game a lot and helped me drive 320 yards the other day", "Excelente producto, muy bonitos y comodos, los acabados y la presentaci&oacute;n son excelentes, los recomiendo 100% . . . .", "I purchased these for my husband, a new golfer. He says they are comfortable, and they look really sharp! These make a great gift or purchase for the younger 20somthing or 30something guy who does not want to look out of place with more \"distinguished\" looking golf shoes!", "These shoes were very stiff when I first got them but they broke in quickly.Good pair to play in.", "The shoes arrived just in time for a scheduled round of golf. The shoes were very comfortable and did not require any breaking in. They have a very good grip on the tee boxes without feeling like you're going to rip your ankle off when you pivot. I am very happy with my purchase.", "I find these shoes superior to another pair of Nike' golf shoes I previously owned.  They fit well and are very comfortable.  I have really enjoyed them.", "Previoulsy, i had one of those classic golf shoes that i liked very much. But since it was very old, i decided to try out one of the new golf shoes that look like a cross training shoes. It was the best thing i did ffor my game since i started. The shoes are very durable yet flexible. They feel very comfortable. I really like & recommend those shoes for all golfers who want to look & play a good game", "I had to return the shoes after wearing them just two times, because they did not live up to the water proof waranty.", "Bought as a gift for my running daughter.  Directions are challenging and she's not thrilled with the color...", "Like many things I shop for on Amazon, I was looking for a pair of basketball shoes that were a good value.  For $63 shipped, I found that with theses Nike ZOOM ATTERO basketball shoes.I've worn them one time so far.  The cushioning was good and I felt they breathed pretty well.  I was impressed that my feet weren't that sorry the morning after even though I played in them for an hour and a half the first time wearing them.  The toe box provides more room than I'm accustom to from a basketball show.  That isn't a bad thing.There are so many models of basketball shoes out there these days.  I wanted a quality pair for under $100 and these have delivered.  There are also some cool colorways but this one was the cheapest.", "These shoes look really nice and are very comfortable to wear. I was in need of new shoes when i bought these awhile back, and I love them. I always buy Nike shoes anyways. They always perform very well. They also last along time. My last pair of Nike shoes were 5 years old before the bottoms started falling off. And i wore them EVERY DAY.Now these pair of shoes are my everyday shoes and ill see how long these ones last. But so fare they are still going strong and are supper comfortable.", "I have owned this Nike watch for 7 months. Don't waste your money.  The black bubber wrist band had separated from the body at the rear battery cover. The entire rubber/plastic hinge had cracked. This wrist band is not replaceable. A sports watch should be made rugged. This one is not. Lesson learned is to buy a watch which has a standard replacable wrist band.", "They are very comfortable and I've gotten lots of compliments from people. If you're looking for a good trainer or just a comfortable shoe to wear look no further.", "After wearing these for about a month I can say a few things:Pros:- The shoes look fantastic and appear durable (no front flap to come unglued for one)Cons:- While these appear breathable, compared to my Pegasus Air 28+, they are a far cry.  Your feet get quite hot (and sweaty) on long walks or runs.- No wide widths available.  More of a personal choice, but I prefer wide-width shoes.  I thought I could get away with these or get used to them, but after going back to my Pegasus Air 28+'s I realize it's just not even close to as comfortable a shoe.These will likely sit in my closest until a garage sale because I waited too long to return them.  I want to like them, I love the way they look, but in the end, it's comfort that matters most in a shoe and this quite frankly, wasn't a comfortable shoe for me.", "I was a little hesitant about buying sneakers online, fearing I might end up with some fakes. But nah these are legit, good build, good quality. COLORS look great together and they are so light. Recommend these sneakers. Stylish and great for running.", "Since I purchased goods I need in Amazon, I think everything is good except COMBO SET YONEX Badminton. It should be arrived October 31. Because I did not receive it, I have to change my weekend plan.", "My husband said they are very comfortable and easy to walk in, which he does a lot of. They also look really nice on him. Great buy!", "They are very comfortable, they look exactly the same in the picture. My son was very happy and will buy another pair later.", "Shoes are too small. Understand that there is a free return.  How do we go about returning them and getting credit?", "These shoes are great for exercising even running if that suits you. Great support, durable and my other half has had no exercise associated pain with these.", "These are really comfortable shoes. I've been needing new shoes and although they didn't fit as well as my other shoes of the same size I'm pleased with what I got.", "I love everything about these shoes, the color and how comfortable they fit. Just order 1/2&#34; more since they run a bit small. Other than that, fantastic. First product I give five stars.", "The price was perfect and the shoes are very confortable. The packaging was in perfect conditions. It is a very reliable product.", "I gave these shoes 5 stars because I really like the way they look and feel, very comfortable and very light weight, I'm not into running, I just like something comfortable on my feet and they also look good, I would recommend these shoes to anyone who likes a quality walking or running shoe at a reasonable price.", "IT DOES NOT FEEL GREAT RUNNING COMPARES TO SHOES WITH SHOCKS . IT FELT FLAT LIJE WEARING SANDALS. BOO BOO", "Nice confort , perfect size and incredible soft to run.the timing was pefect and the model is veru beautiful and classic", "I've only taken these out running about 3 times so far, but I've liked them. They are comfortable and are doing the job so far. They look better than i expected from the pictures. These are a worthwhile running shoe at a great price.", "Love the fit and the shoes R all that was expected. Never had so many compliments. Look forward to my next pairThx", "I like everything about them they fit really good I would buy another pair I like them a lot .", "It's tough to find a great running shoe.  I've been told throughout life that asics, new balance, and pumas were ideal.  They're not. Not even the specialty running shoe stores gave me what I needed.  These are inexpensive and simple.  I'm not a long distance runner but for 3 miles a day these are perfect.", "Bought it for running.. However, for 8.5 size, I feel its little tight and not as per the size.. but it gives good comfort... I suggest if anyone wants to buy the size 8.5 for this model, better take 9.0 size..", "Ordered these for my son (he outgrew his boys size 7 over the summer!) Ordered a mens 8 and it fits perfectly! These are awesome shoes! I am going to order another pair! Great seller!", "It's pretty good even though the size is a little small than i expected. However, It's clean and looks nice", "Very comfortable shoe. Wore these for a half marathon and they were awesome. I would definitely recommend these to others.", "Because they arrived in perfect conditions, were fit perfect and I like it because they look like I saw them in the picture.", "I didn't know nikes shoes ran a size small. I take the size I ordered in every other brand but it is a size smaller.", "great fit, comfortable, delivered on time. was looking for a comfortable gym shoe for my 15 year old, and these shoes were perfect.", "Very light and comfortable !!!! Great everyday shoe for walking,running. The shoe is so light until you don't know it's on your feet.", "I love e The colors are very nice. Best quality. Nike is confortable sneakers and is perfect for running. Is very light and fit as expected. The Price is good. I received them on time.Thanks!", "definitively I have not received what I needed color, color were wrong order. when he received my surprise was that they had a different color to the selected.", "No where as good as the Nike air I bought locally for less. Very disappointed  in the shoe.  I have only worn it two times and will not ware them again.", "Just as the title says, it's a great shoe! I need more support for more feet than what a lot of other running shoes nowadays offer (especially in the arch), and this shoe definitely delivers.The seller, shoozforu, is also fantastic and quickly accepted a free return of a larger pair of the same shoe without any questions!", "I did measure my foot and it was 27 cmi orderd consequently in USA size but it should have been 1/2 size bigger to be perfect", "this product is great nice design of the shoe and fits just right good for running and also for walking", "Not too big and not to small. Looks like not as the same as I expected, but I think it is not big deal.", "I liked it a lot! I live in Brazil and here cost +- 150,00 dollar..very expensive!", "Love my new watch!  Just what I was looking for, but at half the price!  ThankX", "This Nike Presto Duo watch is perfect for sports or casual wear.  I purchsed this model as a replacement for a stolen red and black model.  I get a lot of compliments on the watch.  It's very original!  It's also light and comfortable to wear at work, at the gym, or out with friends.  The feature I like most is the plastic bangle band.  It doesn't feel uncomfortable when I sweat at the gym and it doesn't slip off when I play tennis.  It's very secure but easy to put on or take off.The model I purchased is a women's petite.  I am very petite and this size fits me well but it is very small!  If you want a loose bangle feel or if you have larger wrists, you'll definately want to buy a women's medium or larger.", "It has the basics as far as for what I need. Time, date, lap timing, data record, etc. The watch face is angled a little funny and I don't really think it's made for the left handed person that wears a watch on the right wrist. It's ok but just as good as my $10 walmart watch.", "I bought this watch a few months ago and already shows some problems, it worked OK for a couple of weeks ,but now the dial light would not turn on. I suspect that the battery is running down, which is unnacceptable for a brand new item. I have no solution other than taking it to a shop to check. I can't hide that i am dissapointed with the NIKE experience.", "I bought this as a gift for my youngest daughter's birthday. She absolutely loves it! Of course my oldest daughter is demanding one of her own now!!", "My wife loves digital watches and I hate them, I think they all look cheap. I hated her last digital watch so I was looking for a nice one, that I knew she wouldn't refuse to wear. I loved this one, because is very simple and looks great. There are a few scratches now after two years, but still looks good.", "It is a great watch- but the instructions included on how to set it were difficult to understand. I hate to admit it but I had to ask for help from my husband.", "My son, who is in middle school, loves this watch. The angle makes it easy to see, and it is pretty durable. It is a little hard to push the button for the light, but otherwise a great watch for kids.", "Overall I like this but most of the time in order to even see the time you have to turn on the backlight.  Otherwise, its a nice size and easy to use.", "This does not have a cheap plastic strap or plastic clasp like the ones that I saw in the big box stores.The angled watch face makes it easier to read without turning your head - what a neat \"twist\" (couldn't resist the pun).The black on black is macho for my son, though he is probably too young to know what macho even means.Glad I bought it.3/2010 UPDATE - Watch backlight has broken.  Adjustments have proven to be too much hassle to work with...wish I had not bought it.", "This watch appears to be the same as the Nike \"Triax Juniors'/Kids'\" watch. It seems that the seller is just marketing the cheaper kids' watch as a ladies' watch in order to sell it for a higher price.", "The quality is not up to par.  I have returned the Nike Triax 50 model two times.The first one worked fine but the rubber started separating from the body.  Nike replaced the watch without problems.The replacement worked during one workout.  Before the next workout, I went to set the intervals but it got stuck in one screem.  It is now stuck in what appears to be the clock or alarm setting mode as the screen shows 12:00.  I cannot get it to change screens or anything for that matter no matter which button I press.  I am returning it once again.", "The watch itself is GREAT but too large for a woman's wrist so I had to return it. But amazon, as always, made it very easy to return.", "I've never broken a watch in my life until I got this watch. The first one broke where the band meets the body within a week. The retailer replaced it with a different one. The replacement broke in the same spot within six months. In neither case did I put any stress on the watch, it literally fell off my wrist. Nike used to be a decent brand, now it's apparently overpriced sweatshop junk.", "Tells time with giant numbers on screen. Rocks my socks off.", "I bought this watch to give my sister as a birthday gift. However, I am totally disappointed. This is very big for girls:(( I will send this back to amazon.", "I bought a few of these watches to take to give my teenage relatives in Morocco during a visit this year. They were quite a hit, Nike is a very popular brand there. I spent quite a lot of time setting up the time and date of each watch, I had to look at the instructions frequently as I found the setup not at all intuitive (I usually figure out 90% of electronic devices without referring to the instructions). Three months later all are still happy with their watches, so I guess you can't say fairer than that", "I've only taken this watch on about 5 runs (3-4 miles each).  So far it has stayed comfortable and hardly noticeable during each run.  Easy to switch between clock and timed-run modes.  The lap function is nice when you know where your mile markers are and it is easy to hit the button while on the move.  The display is nice and large so it's easy to see.  I haven't run at night, so I cannot comment on the lighting function.Overall, I'm satisfied with the first month of ownership of this watch.  If the band holds up for a decent amount of time, I'd consider giving it a 5-star rating.", "I was looking for a watch that was easy to read when I run in low light conditions in the early morning, so the huge clear face on this one is what initially attracted me.  The numbers are so large and clear that you can read this quickly in the water, so it an excellent watch for swimmers and triathletes as well as for runners.Once I started using it, I quickly realized that this is also the best engineered athletic watch I've ever owned.  The on-screen instructions make it easy to use all of the functions without having to refer back to the paper instructions.  That alone would make this more useful than most athletic watches.For me, the interval timer is also particularly nice.  I hate having to continually try to figure out when I should start the next segment when I'm doing a walk/run with odd length intervals.  With the interval timer is very easy to create an interval of several separate segments of different length and just have the watch beep me to remind me to start the next segment.  It keeps track of how many cycles also, so I know when the workout is over.  You don't realize how much energy goes into trying to keep track of all the details of your routine until you have something like this to keep track of them for you.I don't even use the main feature of this watch very often, the 50 lap running timer, or the data feature, and it is still well worth every cent just for its ease of use, ease of reading, and elegant feature set.This is the first athletic watch I've had that lets me focus on the workout more than the mechanics of using the watch, and for that I give it my highest recommendation.  A superb mixture of features and ease of use.", "These are great watches. They are not as big as men's watches, since they are unisex, but still GREAT-LOOKING.RECOMMENDED!", "Nothing fancy, but I love it. I have worn it every day for the past 5 yrs. Love the crystal face.", "Good but confusing buttons if you have used Ironman watches as long as I have.", "Other than being a little big, this watch works great and is easy to use.Update 12-Nov-13: Although I didn't use the functions on this watch extensively over the last five years, the original battery lasted up until a couple weeks ago.  Very satisfied with this watch.", "Thank you very much.  Great price and fast shipping.  Just what I needed.", "I've had the Nike Triax 100 for 6 weeks now and love everything about it.  But while taking the watch off the other day, the wrist band strap came off from the watch.  An examination shows that the plastic wristband is fastened to the watch with two tiny screws that while still secured to the watch, have pulled completely through the plastic wrist band.  There was no reinforcement on the band; just plastic.  Of course this occured after the 4 week refund period.  And the guarantee covers everything excep the battery, crystal and strap....In the future I'll examine Nike watches to make sure they have a real strap connected securely to the watch.......", "This has turned out to be a really good watch.  I got it instead of a Timex due to the scratch-resistant face.  I've had it for several months and the face still looks like new.  The lap feature works well and is very easy to use.  Only drawback is that there is no timer.  For the entry-level model though, this is a very good buy.", "I wear it daily.  the buttons depress accidentally though so it does not stay on the \"time\" screen.", "This watch is perfect for exercise, small, reliable, and has a lot option that you select. I recommend you guy if you do not mind small, and light.", "I've had the Nike Triax Speed 10 for a month now and like its interface and performance. The controls took a little getting used to from my Timex Ironman. The digits are nice and large and the watch angle on the wrist makes for easy viewing. It's a cool looking watch (mine's all black). If I could make two changes, I'd make it a lot thinner and have a louder alram. Overall, I'm pleased.", "I bought this product because I needed a watch with a timer to start timing myself when I run.  Nike makes quality products, and this is no exception. However, the night light doesn't stay on long enough--you have to constantly press it. Other than that, the watch looks sharp and is the perfect size. Its alarm is also good. It is loud but not annoying. I recommend this product if you want a basic digital water-resistant watch with a chronometer.", "I purchased this watch on 8/6/08.  I am currently in Iraq and I needed a backup. I already own one similar to this one. I just wanted one on standby in case my battery died or another mishap. This watch that I purchased on Amazon died on 9/7/08.  It doesn't work at all. I don't know what happened.  I only wore it 2-3 times because my other watch still worked.  Watches are supposed to last longer than 30 days and this one didn't.  I'm not sure if its because I didn't buy it directly through NIKE or because I took the short cut.  Nevertheless, I'm still out of $40+ and I don't have anything but a worthless watch to show for.  I don't recommend this product.", "This watch is an amazing watch: It tells the time, of course, date, and day of the week, plus it can be used as a timer. It is very useful, just a bit confusing to find how to change the time. But all in all, it is a rewarding item to use on a daily basis.", "Purchased this as a present for my teenage daughter and she loves it. She never wore a watch before this one. Now she nevers takes it off!", "This watch offers a great variety of features including: seven alarms, storage space for 100 work out sessions, and an altimeter.  Be aware that it does not have some of the features found on the other high end Oregon series watches (barometer, digital compass, etc.).  Many customers have complained about battery life, I have had the watch for more than six months and have yet to have any issues.  As another reviewer mentioned, it is rather bulky.  My cuffs will not close around it if I am wearing a long sleeve shirt.", "This is one of the best looking most functional watches I have purchased! Quite an eye catcher!", "The watch itself is made by Seiko, so you know it is excellent quality.Works as described but you will need some time to understand how to use all of its functions.  Once you do that it is a very useful tool.  The product documentation is a bit light on content but thankfully the watch is fairly intuitive to set up.The barometer does seem to drift a bit more than the Suunto Advizor that I own. However, I havent done a side by side comparison so take that with a grain of salt.  This watch is a direct competitor to the Advizor and fits the bill very well.  The only feature this watch lacks in comparison to the Advizor is the Heart Rate Monitor.I got the impression that the Nike Lance 4 is a bit less functional overall than the Suunto product but that really hasnt been the case in my experience.  At the end of the day though, which would I prefer to have on my wrist when hiking in the woods...Ill take the Suunto.  However, if I want to have a watch that is well made, has nearly the same functions, looks better and has Lance's approval then count me in.  Thats why I own this watch.", "A very interesting watch with useful features, plus it is Nike! However, if you will be easily offended by seeing scratches appear on your watch face, then look for another watch. I've not been able to determine if it is a defect or not, but my watch scratches very easily. Reaching for a pen, I bumped the watch against a plastic desk organizer... SCRATCH. The face of my watch is peppered with scratches. Perhaps these can be buffed out. Some other little hangups... the temperature is not very accurate. Of course you can calibrate the watch to take into account body temperature... but that will surely fluctuate with activity. Another downfall is the backlighting. You can activate extended backlighting by holding in on the button a few seconds, but the moment you press another function button, the light will go out. I think this is a great watch, but if little things like the things I described above will bother you, I suggest NOT getting this watch.", "I agree with other reviews, that this is a difficult piece to master.  The altitude dirfts from -150 to +250 feet per day.  I live at 5005 feet in elivation and have to set the watch at least once a day to keep it accurate.  The temperature function is always off.  The compas seems to work well.  All of this is nothing compared to the time when it became necessary to replace the battery (less than one year with both watches).  I didn't have the necessary special tools to replace the battery.  Replacing the battery was a major accomplishment. I could not get the first watch to work after replacing the battery. The second watch quit working when the factory battery failed and I finally threw it away, as I had done with the first one.  If you want to buy a watch that will work for the life of the factory battery only, this is the one for you.", "I've had a Lance 4 since they first hit the market. I will admit that I don't use all the function(seriously, who needs all those alarms?). The altimeter is pretty useless, as it's inaccurate AND you need to enter the exact elevation of your starting location for the watch to be useful. Who really knows the elevation of their home?The case, even though it's titanium, is terribly fragile. I had mine for six weeks, worn as a normal watch(at my inside job), and the case was scratched and dinged as if it was 10 years old. Nike replaced the case for me after 6 months, at which time I needed a new battery. Battery life is horrible on this thing. Expect to spend 20 bucks a year sending it back for replacement.I forgot to mention som4ething. When I sent the watch back after having it for six months, the band had broken. The rubber tore where it attached to the case---and that was simply from taking the watch off. No bike crashes, no playing sports. Just removing it. At that time, the yellow in the engraved Lance Armstrong signature on the case back had also come off. As a matter of fact, it actually stuck to my wrist. Not a huge deal, but pretty poor build quality. I have a Lance Race watch which is my daily wear watch. I put the Lance 4 on ONLY when I'm riding my bike. It's delicate.", "I love this watch. In fact, I would go as far to call it perfect...except for one huge thing...the titanium case is about as durable as wet toilet paper.I've had this watch for about 4 weeks and the titatium face looks like I've had it about 15 years...and no, this is not from any kind of extraordinary circumstances. I just wear it to work at a normal job every day and it sees the regular wear and tear that any watch would see. Yet the titatium face shows scratches, gouges, abrasions, etc. Unfortunately, it dropped off my bathroom sink the other day and fell to our tile floor...well now it's sporting a nice gouge where it should be beveled.As for the watch itself, I love it. It does have rather short battery life, but with all that's running inside this thing, that can be expected.So if you don't care how beat-up your watch looks, then I'd give this a 5/5 for you. But if scratches and abrasions on your new $250 watch will bug you, then I give it a 2/5.", "Before I bought this watch, I did a lot of research on the offerings from Suunto, Polar and Nike, and finally ended up choosing the Lance 4 watch for my cycling-specific activities.  And I have to say, my disappointment began within 2 minutes of opening the shipping box.  Here are the three major ways this watch (and Nike itself) have failed me:1) This is a complicated, multi-function instrument.  But if you're expecting a detailed instruction manual, forget it.  What you get is an elaborate pictograph that illustrates which buttons to push.  It skims over the setup procedure and many of the most important functions, and omits many features entirely.2) Relative to the above complaint, I contacted Nike customer service about the setup.  Since I'm a cyclist, I was particularly interested in the altimeter function, and dismayed by how thin the \"manual\" is.  The instructions say you can select a 60-, 10- or 2-second sampling rate of the barometric pressure in order to determine altitude.  What it fails to mention is what the ramifications are for choosing one over the other?  Is one more accurate?  Does one use more battery power?  We'll apparently never know, because Nike's customer service failed to answer the question.  While they admitted that they had received several complaints about the manual -- and were considering writing a new one -- they simply sidestepped my question about the altimeter function in their email reply.3)  And then there's the performance of the watch itself.  In most cases it's impressive -- that is, in every case except the one for which I purchased it:  the altimeter.  On my group rides, there are always at least three other people with altimeters.  A post-ride comparison of altimeter results always puts their readings within 3 percent of each other.  The results from the Nike are at least 20 percent off.  That means the altimeter results are not to be trusted.While the watch is attractive (that's why it earned 2 stars instead of just one) and has an excellent band, it simply doesn't give me the accurate altimeter results I need.  And since the altimeter results are so far off, I can only assume that its built-in weather sensor (also based on barometric pressure) is hugely flawed, too.With the manual being as light on information as it is, with Nike's customer service either unwilling or unable to shed any light on the watch's usage and with the flawed performance of the altimeter function, I can only say that this watch represents a major disappointment.  It may meet Nike's standards for fashion, but it fails my standards for performance.", "As a lifelong runner, I have used many training aids of various types and from many different manufacturers. The most useful training aid I have ever used is a heart rate monitor. Of the several different heart rate monitors I have used over the years, this Nike monitor is by far the best. It has all of the features that you would expect, but then the ultimate tie-breaker is the computer interface which allows you to tailor your own workouts, schedule them, track your progress by synchronizing the field data, and then you can upload all of this to nike's website. In addition to all of these great things, the little things like an offset watch face really earn the user's appreciation. This is a great product.", "I love this product, but only when everything works as it should.  Although there are some flaws in the design that can make it difficult to use in certain circumstances, I'm generally happy with this product.  Until things go wrong.Suddenly, for example, the heart rate monitor lost connectivity with the watch.  It wasn't the battery, which I immediately replaced.  So I sent it in to Nike for repair (per their instruction on their site).  Almost $300 on a product, and no contact whatsoever from them about receiving and working on my product.  I had to call twice to find the status of this product.  1 full month later, I'm still waiting for it to be returned to me.Really, paying for a Nike product does not mean high quality.  And it CERTAINLY does not mean any customer service to speak of.  I am highly disappointed in this entire experience.If only Timex would make a footpod for measuring distance rather than a GPS systerm, this would be over.  Unfortunately living in a city doesn't make the GPS system a viable alternative for me, but I've found the Timex HR Monitor to be far superior to both Nike & Polar.", "it's got an alarm, stop watch, timer, lap timer, 5 alarms actually, a water break alarm, water resistant, although don't go aggressive swimming with it because water leaked inside mine, and when it gets hot outside, water vapor rises to the glass dial and it blurs out the time...but other than that, it's a great watch, finest i've owned in terms of digital watch, i highly recommend it.", "Buying my third one of these, Its a great sailing watch with an easy to adjust countdown timer, my only complaint is that the band only lasts a year or so before the rubber tears from the watch face thus rendering the watch useless as there is no way to replace the band.", "Well, it looks great, big numbers on display, good size and cool design.My big complain it's about the fragility of the wristband. If you dont take good care, it will break! And an original Nike wristband it's too expensive, almost the price of a brand new watch.So, if you want a resistent watch so you can pratice lots of sports and activities, look for some other watches... maybe a G-Shock.. that's what I done!", "This watch looks and functions great but DO NOT put near water.  It will drown and leave you with a $$$ sinking feeling.  Watch Out for this one!  Bought a Timex next and still ticking, water and all!", "I loved this watch.. until it drowned and went to watch heaven.  I, like some who have reviewed this watch, made the assumption that \"H20 100M\" meant the watch was impervious to water.  Well, I was wrong.  I owned the watch for less than 2 years when on a recent trip to Cancun, condensation started forming inside the glass.  I just brushed it off since it was fairly humid where I was.  But when I decided to take a swim, it took its last breath and died.  The watch was great when dry.  I used the chronograph and timer many times plus the dual time was helpful traveling.", "I've had my watch for one year; it replaced an Oakley D1 (my primary basis for comparison).PROs:+Large, easy-to-read dial+Great stopwatch.  It allows you to stop and restart within the same lap. (Not possible with Oakley D1)+Good workout (stopwatch) memory and analysis features.+Very comfortable rubber band.  The strap keeper is a good invention.+Durable watch body & face.  Constructed of good materials (including mineral glass crystal).CONs:-Water leaked in and condenses on the inside of the crystal at times.-Alarm/Timer sound is VERY weak.-Does not allow simultaneous display of DAY and DATE during standard TIME function.  You can choose for either DAY of the week (TUE, etc.) or MONTH and DAY (NOV 30, etc.)-It is too easy to toggle the sound/chirp on and off.  I think this should be in the ADJUST mode so it is harder to change inadvertently.Overall, I think it's a good watch for ~$50.", "I purchased this watch as a gift for my husband.  The first time it was shipped, the LED light cleared the display.  I called Nike and they said it sounded like a movement issue, so I sent it back to the company that had shipped it.  They sent me a \"new\" watch.  It had the exact same problem.  Nike wasn't aware of the issue with this watch, but it was the second time with the exact same problem.  The store now has the watch on close-out so I will be unable to give it to my husband.  Overall, I'm just very disappointed.", "This watch is basically a timex in a Nike case with a stupid watch band. The watch sits up very high (too high) for this type of band. The watch sticks out from your wrist and catches everything.Watch functions are basic stupid timex type. Chrono, timer, dual time, date, and data.Just a stupid watch. I was hoping for much more- not sure why, but I was.", "This is actually my second pair of these glasses.  I stupidly lost the others swimming with the kids in  the Gulf of Mexico.  These glasses are comfortable and fit great.  The polarized lenses work great for fishing and other water activities.  The nose bridge is slotted rubber and is great especially if you are sweating.  These would be great glasses for running or cycling as well.", "I love these sunglasses. Normally I just wear the $5 or $10 pair from Walmart, just in case I lose them or break them. A friend had these and I tried them on and they fit perfectly - but a huge advantage of these are they wrap around my neck, so if I go inside I can just slide them down and they hang on my neck. No strap needed, no worry about putting them somewhere, just hang them around my neck. They are a very comfortable fit, offer great protection from the sun, and I haven't had any problems with either pair that I own. Absolutely love them!", "If you're an air max fan, I recommend these ones. I love my old air max's and it was time for a new pair. Very pleased with the product. Comfortable and lightweight.", "Very Unhappy with my purchase.  The watch is not as waterproof as it claims.", "My son loved these!  He wears one every day to middle school.", "This is my absolute favorite watch of all!  It looks cool, is easy to put on, and to see the time.  I just love it and have it in many colors, but the white one is the coolest.", "Husband loves the watch! Very light weight, fits real nice and can be sporty or dressy. He gets alot of compliments on the design as it is very different looking.This is his 2nd Nike watch and will not be his last.", "This is a decent enough watch, in fact it seems to be well made. Unfortunately, given the price, I believe the Timex Ironman is a better value. I purchased this watch for the interval training feature, which works great; programming the work and rest segments is easy and the watch runs through the segments until it is stopped, counting the interval along the way.Although some people find the hourly chime annoying, I like it and was disappointed to find that this watch lacks it. When I'm doing a Grease the Groove workout, the hourly chime is a good automatic reminder. Also, I miss the timer function that my Ironman has. The Nike requires the use of an interval segment, which requires a reset of the intervals for subsequent workouts.", "I bought this watch to do interval training.  However, the alarm is so quiet that when I am running I can't hear it, so I might as well just be looking at my wrist every 2 seconds and using a regular watch.", "It is hard to see the screen when in certain light and buttons are hard to push while running. On some occasions I thought I pushed the botton and didn't, missing my stop time or lap time. When the run log is full it gives no warning and instead of erasing the first log in watch it just will completely erases the run time you are currently trying to save. Also had the watch for less than a year and took fairly good care of it but the strape broke off within 8 months. Spend a little more money and get the better watch....", "very easy to use. i love the alarm feature. it also looks great, i get compliments about it all the time.", "Good product. Performs well. Easy access to batteries. When using this product while on my treadmill I found it would not show the heart rate readout if it was too close to the treadmill display since there was also one built into the treadmill. This was corrected by either wearing the unit or positioning it on the treadmill arm. It also can be programmed to turn itself off to extend battery life. I would recommend this product", "I love the features on this watch such as the date, timer, and light but it is sooo big! I have a tiny wrist and sometimes I feel like it is too bulky and unconfortable. If you have descent size wrist and you don't mind bulk jewerly...I highly recommend it!", "I think this watch is perfect b/c it's light and good-looking. The only drawback is it's hard to see the time when it's dark.", "Es un reloj con estilo serio y muy bueno. El cristal fuerte y duradero. Lo mejor es lo ergonomico, ya que se modea y da a la vista la hora sin hacer esfuerzo. Es de buen tama&ntilde;o comparado con otros relojes que tienes q hacer un esfuerzo para ver la hora...Recomendado!!!PD: tengo planes de comprarme el mismo pero con otros colores...", "Received the watch a month ago from JustBrands. The watch does not work(battery dead?) and have emailed and called the customer service of JustBrand at least eight times with no response. I have included Amazon.com in the emails and still no response. I am requesting the return procedures of JustBrands as I received no invoice or return procedures in the watch shipment. I have disputed the watch charge. I would not recommend this merchant.I purchased the Nike Watch for my Daughter's Birthday and she is disappointed that she cannot use the watch.", "I've had my Triax for 5 years now, and the band just barely cracked, forcing me to look for a new running watch.  The screen is hardly scratched and I haven't had any problems with the buttons.  Everything still works great, I just can't replace the band, unfortunately.", "I purchased this watch for my wif'e birthday. I was nervous about it because it was a Nike Watch ... not a Nike Shoe.My wife loves this watch. Her hands are in and out of water everyday on her job and because the watch is waterproof she doesn't have to worry about it. She loves the comfort of the band ... it doesn't irritate her wrist at all. Especially she loves the angle that the watch head itself sits on the band ... she doesn't even have to turn her wrist to see the time.I couldn't have made a better choice for her lifestyle. Thanks Nike/Amazon.", "My wife enjoys the functionality and the stylish look. Might have been too many buttons in the beginning but she is getting the hang of the settings.", "I gave it to my wife and few months later I'm looking again for another watch to buy.The wrist band turned yellowish and came off the center part. The watch still work fine but as a pocket watch.", "The watch is a very sporty one, it looks great on a small wrist. Realy was surprised by the look of it. Easy to use.", "This is a beautiful color.  However it is plastic and hard, where the other colors (some of them like the black) are soft rubber type.  This can result in a stiff piece of jewelry.  However, I just put it on one notch looser and it is fine, but if I could buy all over again, it would be the black one of this model, as I tried the black one on in the Nike store and it is very comfortable.  Also, accident switches to another \"mode\" on the watch can happen easily, meaning that frequently you have to push a button to change the mode back to time.  The other modes are for things I dont use like alarm and laps, that type of thing.  It is not a bother to push a button a couple of times here and there.  I love the display with the date and time in a pleasant way (not too big or too small and appealing letters/data).  I recommend the watch, but only take in account of my perception.  I don't think you will buy it and return it, but you may wish to buy the rubber kind in the future (this same make and model come in either gloss plastic or rubber matte and this one is the gloss plastic).  I hope this helps and happy timing!", "The plastic on the band is a bit harder than I expected.  I thought it would be a softer feel... Instead the watch feels sweaty and sticks to my skin a bit.  It is an easy watch to figure out all of the gadget parts to.  I do like the simplicity of it.", "The watch band broke after I had it for only a few months. It is not meant to withstand normal use. I sent for a new band and when it arrived (literally 2 months later), I had it fixed. But it broke AGAIN. After that, I purchased a different Nike watch which also broke. Nike clearly does not invest in making quality watches.", "I'm so disappointed with Nike.  I got this beautiful watch for my birthday and can't wear it anymore. The plastic band tore with only 9 months of normal wear.  Nike doesn't sell replacements bands and there are no aftermarket bands that will fit.  Searching about today, and I'm reading nike reviews commenting on the plastic bands tearing.  This is terrible and Nike should step up and fix this.", "Great watch. I got it as a gift for my husband and he loves it. He uses it every single day (he works out like crazy) and said he loves the watch.I am hapy for the money I got him a great gift and fabulous value.Highly recommend.", "Watch is exactly what I hoped for. Seller was easy to work with as well. Will look to do more business in the future.", "Had to return. No instructions and when Nike emailed me a manual nothing was working on the watch. Very disappointed.", "The watch keeps good time and is easy to read even while biking/running, however the silver ring/face bezel fell off after a year.", "I chose this watch because I didn't want to spend a lot of money but also wanted a functional watch that was easy to use. I liked the look and feel of this model more than the bottom line Polar watches. It looks good as a casual watch. It's easy to use and I like that when the battery goes out in the chest band that you don't have to send the whole band back, like you do with Polar.I used this when I trained for a half marathon. It's got current heart rate information and at the end of a workout give average heart rate. The one thing it doesn't have is max heart rate for the workout. That's the one thing I wish it had - because I want to know what my max heart rate is to determine my workouts based on % of heart rate. I got around this by running some fast half mile intervals and then looking at my heart rate at the end of the interval.", "I bought a Nike Triax C5 heart rate monitor watch a year ago. The strap is already falling apart near the bezel. The watch has a 2 yr warranty but do not cover the strap or the crystal, even if the problem is poor workmanship.", "Simple watch to operate for tech-challenged people.SO sharp looking and they keep going and going and going...I have 12 of them in all different colors, I love them all.", "I have had this watch for a few years and always have people commenting on it. It is comfortable, easy to put on, clear dial, handy date and chronometer. My only frustration is the two times a year I have to set it. I can never remember how, so I spend about 30 minutes trying to figure it out! Still, it is one of my favorite watches. I just need to document how to set the date and time.", "I ordered this fun watch for a friend. The digital numerals didnt show up correctly, she tried to return for exchange, big hassle so when I tried to exchange it was no longer available despite several sites saying that it was. Another watch from Nike ordered at the same time stopped working after 1 month--returned that one. Attractive, fun product with poor reliability.", "Cute, but you'd have to have the tiniest wrist in the world for it to fit comfortabtly", "Great watch! Very stylish and easy to read. Many compliments everytime my wife wears it.", "As far as appearence it is not your average watch, width of watch face and band is one and a half inches wide and has a bit of a bulky apperance. This makes it a bit uncomfortable to wear, but not enough to worry about. Functionality is great, large display is easy to read, stopwatch, timer, and alarm are all easy to use and work great,it even has a power save mode which I've never seen in a watch before . It is a good, solid watch and worth buying if you like it's unique style.", "This is my second Nike watch and I like it very much.  Big bright display, buttons are easy to access, and the basic functionality is good.  the curvature of the metal around the face will (hopefully) protect it from scratching.  The band is OK once its on but a quick release strap would have been easier and probably longer lasting - my last nike watch with a rubber band eventually cracked.  For the price Amazon charges its worthwhile but I wouldn't pay retail.", "This watch looks fantastic, it's big, just as other reviewers have mentioned.  Very comfortable to wear with a wide strap and thick case.  I like the contrast of the chrome and black. I didn't get any instructions but it's very intuitive to set. It allows for 2 alarms and 2 time zones to be set, very cool if you travel.  From what I've read post-purchase, this watch needs to be sent to a service center to have the battery changed.  That's a little inconvenient, but since this isn't my every day watch it will be fine.  Amazon offered a great price, it was a no brainer!", "Great watch, great price.  This is an awesome watch for weekend wear and sporting activities.  It is a little big, but draws attention.", "This watch is very stylish and sporty. Also extremely sturdy. The seller shipped this product very quickly and it was new, just as advertised.", "I really like this watch.  It is big, and heavy and is pretty solid.  I only wear it rarely as a change, because it is so big. I have worn a Timex T62951 for years which is much more comfortable.  I like the Nike watch, but it just seems too big for every day use if you are active.", "I was totally amazed at the speed of delivery!  I got it w/in 3 days of ordering! It is exactly what I wanted/needed.  Love the Nike Triax design.Thank you!!", "If you like BIG watches, then this is for you! It is very comfortable and you can tell the time really good!!", "Titanium watch from nike... I love this watch first time I got it... the way it looks, simple but cool... sadly, because of the size of the watch I have to return this back... one other thing, this watch should be even better if the light is brighter...", "i have had it over a year now and i love it it been one of my fav watches i ware it to all my sport games and the back ground is a little heard to see but alls you have to do is hit the light and u can see it", "The watch is great, fits fine, lots of great features but the black background and the grey numbers make it very difficult to read especially if you were running!", "The band is held on to the case with a steel pin that passes through the plastic of the case. The hole for this pin is so close to the edge that it wears through in about 6 months and is un-repairable. Thinking that this was just a fluke, I purchased a replacement which lasted 3 months. Lesson learned. Otherwise, all the functions and display made my jock wife very happy until...", "I can't say enough about it.  The instructions are a tad hard to understand, but it's not that hard to figure out.  I absolutely love this monitor.  I highly recommend it.  Truly worth every penny.  It's reliable, accurate, easy to use, has many functions and it's pretty to boot.  Hands down the best one I've ever used.", "I purchased this watch about a year and a half ago.  I only wear this watch to run in and that alone and I take very good care of my belongings.  About a week ago, the band just fell off.  I was very sad about this because this is not an cheap watch.  The band just snapped off all by itself.  Other than that, I found the watch kind of confusing.  I did manage to figure out how to use the main function I wanted, which was the stopwatch and heart rate monitor, but that was pretty much it.  I found that this watch was also big and bulky and if you want a small girly watch, this isn't it.  It is pink, but that is the only girly thing about it.  Even just wearing it for running, I found that it got in the way.  It was hard to get clothes over it and especially running gloves.  It didn't really fit under the sleves and the band was too short to fit over the sleves and gloves.  It was a pretty color at first, but the color faded really quickly and turned to this really gross pink color and not the pretty one I bought.  All in all, I wasn't very happy with this purchase, even though the heart rate monitor part of it did work well, and I would not buy it again.", "I bought this watch as a birthday gift for my husband and he loves it!  It's beautiful, made well, and great for any Lance Armstrong fan.", "Moderately priced, stylish, attention to detail, not overwhelming, easy to operate.  Would have been 5 stars...display just a little too dim for me.", "Initialy, it took a bit to work through the setting and it is a smaller case than I expected for a mens watch. However, this is a very sturdy watch. It is perfect for what is is intended for as a solid sports watch. Good buy.", "i love the watch, it was delivered in the right rage of time. affordable and free shipping!! how great is that! it was already running when it got to me kinda kills the life of the battery but then again its nice to know that its working.", "I absolutely love the design and the materials used, but it is a bit wide and heavy so it can feel bulky on the arm.  Also if you have long sleeves that are tight, the watch won't really fit under it.  Also the color is deceiving.  It has more gold sheen to it than I expected.  I grew to really like it because it is not a color I would usually buy.", "I bought this watch for my wife, who is a traveling nurse and wanted a timepiece that would fit her on-the-go lifestyle. I thought this unique type of watch, which was easily removed and put back on, would be ideal for someone who was constantly washing their hands and taking off their watch to do it.Instead, the glass face of the watch fell off within a couple of weeks of use (not abuse, mind you) the wristband arms were easily cracked, and the watch itself didn't seem particularly resistant to sweat and other moisture (despite being advertised as an athletic watch that would presumably be worn by a sweating athlete)I'm surprised Nike put their name on this piece of water buffalo turd. However, I guess for $45 you shouldn't expect too much out of a watch.", "This is a fantastic watch if you take good care of it. It comes in several sizes, so make sure you get the right one or it will be uncomfortable. I have had three of these in a variety of colors and wear it daily as well as for distance running. It is simple to use, easy to understand, but other than a chronograph and date function, it lacks more elaborate features.A lot of people complain about the band snapping, but the band only snaps if you purposely stretch it out. One one occasion mine broke but was quickly replaced when I mailed it back to Nike with the receipt.I was sad to hear Nike discontinued this little watch.", "I really liked this watch and bought it but unfortunately it stopped working after one month. Emailed the company but haven't had response as of yet. Brialliant!!", "I BOUGHT THIS WATCH WHEN IT FIRST CAME OUT IN BLACK & LOVED IT RIGHT AWAY. IT DOES A BACKLITE IF YOU'RE WONDERING & IT IS A LARGE WATCH. IT DOES ATTRACT ATTENTION & MOST OF IT HAS BEEN POSITIVE. I HAD 3 OF THEM IN DIFFERENT COLORS & GAVE ONE AWAY TO A FRIEND & I'M ABOUT TO SELL ANOTHER ONE TO A CO-WORKER. I WILL REPLACE ONE OF THEM WITH A NEW COLOR. NIKE MAKES TOUGH, DURABLE & STYLISH WATCHES. I'VE YET TO BE DIS-SATISFIED WITH ANY OF THEIR WATCHES.", "I went through two of these watches in two weeks.  Both watches stopped functioning after being immersed in water, even though the Triax Swift is supposed to be water resistant to 50 meters.  I had expected better quality from Nike, but I was sorely disappointed.", "i purchased this watch before i went to work at a youth camp for 5 weeks during the summer...i wanted something that could stand up to water, dirt, sweat, heat, and hundreds of teenagers...and, boy, did this thing pass the test!  from a weekly mudpit to paint to white water rafting to hiking and every adventure in between, this is a watch that not only survived, but still looks as good as it did when i first got it...a real winner!", "Kind of disappointing because I purchased the watch for my husband and when we received it it was a lot smaller than we thought.  Oh well...........I have another watch to add to my collection.", "I'm very happy with the watch. Sleek. It was sent promply. They even sent it with the correct time", "I love the looks of this watch -- sporty, but not as bulky as most running watches.  I wear it all the time.  However. . . this is the 4th one I have bought.  I like it so much I keep hoping I'll get one that lasts.  Two of them have had the \"stop\" and \"start\" buttons fall off and one of them had the band disattach itself.  I have not mistreated my watches.  There seems to be an inherent flaw.  I am about to mail all three bad ones back to Nike and see what they have to say for themselves.  Your price is great -- hope I get my money's worth out of this one.", "This watch is really stylish and the functions of the watch is perfect for all my speed workouts and mile repeats. I immediately got compliments on the watch :] but in honesty, sometimes it is hard to see what time it b/c the screen has a light background and the lens is reallyyy shiny lol. But overall, i like the watch alot! and the shipping arrival was on schedule :]", "I love this watch! It is small, sporty, light and really cute. I thought the band in the picture was a bit more translucent, but in person it is completely opaque.  The time lights up (not the whole face) by the push of a button to a really intense bright blue that looks great.  Very cool, much cheeper than ebay too, at least when I was looking.", "I love this product, but only when everything works as it should.  Although there are some flaws in the design that can make it difficult to use in certain circumstances, I'm generally happy with this product.  Until things go wrong.Suddenly, for example, the heart rate monitor lost connectivity with the watch.  It wasn't the battery, which I immediately replaced.  So I sent it in to Nike for repair (per their instruction on their site).  Almost $400 on a product, and no contact whatsoever from them about receiving and working on my product.  I had to call twice to find the status of this product.  1 full month later, I'm still waiting for it to be returned to me.Really, paying for a Nike product does not mean high quality.  And it CERTAINLY does not mean any customer service to speak of.  I am highly disappointed in this entire experience.If only Timex would make a footpod for measuring distance rather than a GPS systerm, this would be over.  Unfortunately living in a city doesn't make the GPS system a viable alternative for me, but I've found the Timex HR Monitor to be far superior to both Nike & Polar.", "I like this watch.  I have very small wrists, but it fits well and is comfortable.  It is very basic, and all you have to do is set the time.The monitor works well, and provides a constant heartrate, there are no alarms or settings to alert you to highs or lows, or allow any kind of tracking.  When you first put it on, it does take a few minutes for it to start giving accurate reads.  I like the training cd that comes with it, and provides a calculator feature for determining your ideal ranges.I wish it had a backlight function for viewing in the dark.", "Owned this watch for several months and really got a lot of use out of it. The angled watch face was a little annoying at first, but after a while I actually came to like it. The strap is pretty comfortable and the system always seemed to work well for me.The problem is that I don't like the feeling of a watch on my wrist all the time, so I often put on or take off a watch multiple times a day. The buckle on this watch eventually broke in such a way that I couldn't put it back together. So now the watch is in my gym bag. It still tells time, but that's about all it's good for now, unfortunately.If you don't put on and take off your watch as much as I do, you might not have this problem.", "This watch has just fit my necessities. That\"s why i will always buy nike watches, they have nice design, pretty much technology and the charm that a good watch makes you appear. It's worth the price.", "I've put this watch, and the Suunto vector, through their paces in expedition kayaking.  The Suunto's electronics are much better.  Here's some more comments:1. The Nike watch is much heavier.  I don't have the specs, but if you're buying it for running/jogging, don't.2. The Nike altimeter is not nearly as accurate, it jumps around much more than the Suunto's.3. The Nike's face, being glass, is more scratch resistant.4. The Nike's strap is bombproof, whereas the Suunto's failed me after 2 years.regards,Greg", "If you are planning to buy a sport watch, I recommend you to buy this one. Is very nice and usefull with a lot of things.", "It's very good looking; especially, if You have a big body( cuz the size is quite big about 2\" diameter) the Barometer is pretty helpful for daily life, but altimeter, compass, and thermometer are not much accurate. I have ahd to setup compass many times. However, in over all I appriciate this watch.", "This is a great watch in many ways and draws a lot of attention. But the band attaches to the watch without pins and breaks frequently. I've been through three of these. This is my last one. Time to go to something less sexy and more practical.", "Great watch, a lot of functions. My friends say it looks great. The only complaint i have is that the strap seems like it's made of pretty cheap material. I don't have a huge problem, I think you can just order a new strap from Parsec, who fixes Nike watches and have a local watch repair guy replace it, though I haven't tried yet. The other complaint is my wrist is in between the two settings for the strap size- either too tight or too loose. It's not too bad though.", "I just got this watch and I love the look.  You can tell the time from almost any crazy angle and the print on the watch is very large.  The band has a very weird, unique design in that it buckles off-center, which seems to work very well for this watch.  Though the metal clip to hold the band down is annoying while typing.  It has a 100-track record which is more than enough for me and the data even allows you to modify results with distances for record tracking.This watch is near perfection.  There was only one thing wrong...Every time I bend my wrist, it hits the \"mode\" button.  This means every time I look at my watch I am in Chronology or Counter mode.  It just won't stay in time mode no matter what I'm doing.So, I'm taking it back.  I've had other Triax's before and none of them have done this.  I love the look but the mode button could not have been placed in a worst spot.I'm crying, because otherwise I just love this thing... :'(", "This is my favorite watch. It is low profile, angled well for reading it at a glance on the run. I am an ultra runner and most watches agrevate my wrist after a few hours of running you only know this watch is there when you are checking your time.", "This watch is very contemporary with its acrylic appearance. Since the band is transparent and the color is subtle, it goes with everything. The cuff design is a snap to put on. It would be nice if the rubber ends matched instead of being grey. I recommend this watch, especially for college students, and would purchase other colors in the same style since liking the square face (which lights up when needed) and analog.", "It arrived within 4 days~ and the watch is cute.I love the background light.But the band is made of hard plastic, I don't know whether it is strong enough when it drops on the floor.", "Excellent Watch. I get many positive comments on it. Second Nike Watch I owned and will buy another if I should have to replace it.", "It was billed to be water resistant to a respectable depth - but it filled up on the first dip in the pool. Practically DOA. Returned it for a trusted brand.", "A light, very functional watch for both runners and fashion wear. I always get compliments on it's looks, with its large, wrapped face and ergonomic wrist angle. The watch's only flaw is it's delicate band. While its mesh design is great for allowing the skin to breathe, it also makes it delicate in daily use for removing the buckle. The watch material's chemical formulation seems to be susceptible to quick aging when interacting with perspiration, causing some discoloring and brittle cracking in areas that are often flexed when taking the watch off. It's a shame too. Its such a cool watch. I'm on my second one, but I won't be wearing it as often in an attempt to lengthen its life as the watch is no longer produced by Nike.", "The watch is wonderful...I love the color and the feel. The only thing that would have made it better would be to have received it with a battery that actually worked.", "We bought this watch as a wedding attendant gift for our jr. groomsman who is 10 yrs old and loves skateboarding & snowboarding.  I think his exact words were \"cooool!\"  He loves the watch and wears it all the time!!", "They shipped a damaged watch and now say they don't have any more of these. Why did they sell it in the first place if it was damaged and unsatisfactory? A young boy is very disappointed with his birthday gift.", "Good watch with nice features . . . and a fatal flaw. Something's wrong with the plastic. In 60 days, the watch is grimy and there's no way to clean it. Nike doesn't provide service. Find something else.", "The battery died in couple of weeks. This is something that you would expect in a cheap watch but not in a Nike one. I have purchased watches in Chinatown that work better then this one.", "Classic Nike quality, look and feel. Lighter and easier to handle than a traditional \"back pack\" fully functional as one too. Can't go wrong with a Nike product.", "The seller was very patient and they had excellent customer service. Would buy from again. The watch was in the exact condition as stated in the ad. Great Seller", "I've owned and used this watch for 4 years. It has served very well for its primary use, taking split times during orienteering races through the woods. I'm a 5'11\" man with relatively small wrists, and it fits me just fine.For the past year I've also used the watch around the home and office daily. A major annoyance is the button on the front of the watch, which controls the alarm. It is so easy to bump the button unintentionally, that looking for the time of day often involves fumbling with the button to restore the desired display. During races the watch is in \"chronograph\" mode, so the front button does not cause a problem.", "This watch looks great when viewing it from the same perspective as the photo, but the wrist band looks cheap compared to the watch face. Some may not mind given the material is used for a reason, but it just doesn&#8217;t seem to match the look of the watch face and doesn&#8217;t match the price.", "Could have a longer strap but its very good. Durable and can hold a good amount of items in it. I use it mainly for my laptop.", "This bag not only looks good, but is very sturdy and practical for many uses. My college son has used it for sports and many other things since he has had it. It has been a good purchase.", "This is the best bargain you can get with a heart rate monitor.  My favorite part of this monitor is that it has interval training timers.  That was a necessity for me and a feature I couldn't find on other monitors twice the price.  You can change the battery yourself, and the chest strap stays in place just fine with a sports bra.  Not only that, but, the best part is that it is compatible with all the machines in the gym!  As soon as you step on any cardio equipment that says it's compatible with that other brand..your heart rate will pop right up.  You will not regret buying this monitor.", "not so good as i expected, it doesn't have the lable as the picture shows and extra strings are obvious somewhere", "Slightly big but that is what I wanted so I could have growing room, really nice shoes I really like them :)", "Amazing shoes, good for running, going to the gym and any physical exercise.The price was excellent of the quality of the shoes.", "At my age I can't see myself paying $100 or more for a pair of tennis shoes. I spotted these on Amazon and the price was just right. Ordered and they arrived on time, the fit is comfortable and they look really good. As a bonus, since they are black, I don't have to worry about them getting too dirty. I plan on getting future tennis shoes from here.", "very good product has high quality and is of very good material, I recommend the product for buyers in this class.", "Very nice!! . I want to get a second pair in the same color. Great fit and great price .", "I took a calculated risk with buying a shoe online, I already had another Nike Running shoes and bought the same size, it was a nice fit and comfortable.package came in time, and I got my money's worth.", "i like the product's material, it's so goodit's somewhat small for my right sidei dislike the shoelace is not somewhat long", "slightly tight fit but lets call it snug. handsome shoe. look forward to seeing what sort of longevity it provides", "I loved tennis pedi what turned out to work very well and I also liked the price I pay me twice by the same court in a local store so the price is rathercomfortable because I use it to last long in feet and very nice soft firmeyI hope does not end up in the store to keep buying them always", "I love this particular type of Nike sneakers and have gotten almost all colors. I am big tennis shoe fan and this is definitely what you want. I strongly recommend this product. Comfortable and very classic!", "Awesome Nike Air Jordan 7 Retro Olympic Edition. One of a kind a must have. Completes my shoe collection! Great!", "This is a great casual/sporty watch that receives lots of compliments. One surprise was that I cannot wear it on my right wrist as I've always done as it is angled for only left wrist wearers. Also, I've had to relearn how to tell time without numbers.", "I bought this Nike watch to replace a Timex kids watch that my son didn't like.  The Timex had a cloth band that secured with velcro.  He said the watch band was very \"itchy\" and as a result he didn't like to wear it.  However, he *loves* his new Nike watch.  The smooth plastic/rubber watch band is very comfortable (doesn't itch) according to my son.  The big round watch face is very easy to read for an 8 year old who just learned to tell time a couple years ago.  Finally, and most importantly to my son, it looks good and all his friends think his new watch is \"cool\".", "I purchased this heart monitor for myself - figuring I could get a more accurate feedback during workouts.  It works as described, but I find the watch itself to be extremely bulky for my wrist.  I do have a tiny wrist, but I find this to be excessively large.  Looks aren't everything, but I am very aware of it on my arm.  The heart monitor band seems sturdy, but once you get it all sweaty it tends to slide around.  It also does not adjust much - and although it fits me just fine, I think if I were someone of a larger size it might be very uncomfortable.It seems to keep reasonably accurate data, although I think the calorie count might be slightly inflated.  However, it sometimes just stops picking up my heartbeat - this happens at least once every time I use it.  It eventually picks it back up, but I find this annoying.Overall a good product but I had to deduct for bulkiness and its occasional spotty reception from the wireless band.", "Not as advertised. Expected a digital watch with a day and date. Display not functional.  Pain in the butt to set up.", "Buying a watch online that you have never seen before can be a roll of the dice. Needing to replace a Fossil digital watch that had a dying battery, I checked amazon's selection.I decided on the Blade Watch from Nike.It arrived in the mail today, and all I can say is \"Wow, it's much better than expected!\"This watch is very impressive looking. It is bigger than I imagined it to be, but it's not overly large.The front is aluminum surrounded by black rubber accents, with what appears to be a good quality black rubber wrist band with 14 steps of adjustment.The digital read-out is a deep black and numerals are large.There are four buttons, three of which are textured. The buttons are large but not too bulbous looking like on some other watches.Set-up was very easy. It comes with an instruction manual that folds out like a subway map.I have not tried all the features, but it does tell time pretty well!The only thing that is a minor drawback is that you can only either set it to show the day of the week or the month along with the day.The overall look is very impressive. Very modern and stylish. I wouldn't be surprised if I start to get comments about it.If you are looking for a digital watch with style, look no further.", "I have bought two of these watches the band breaks after about 1 1/2 years the watch still works but you can't replace the band.", "I received this and although it has all the official Nike logo on it I am a little suspicious regarding it's origin.  The instructions were nothing more than a copy and there was a lack of the usual Nike material and logo.", "This watch should be part of the Mommy Uniform!  It takes a beating but still looks like a beautiful blue bangle.", "I have owned this watch for about 9 months and I love it. It keeps time well and is a feminine style of a digital watch. My last Nike watch was so boyish that I hated to wear it. I have received many compliments on this watch.", "I loved this watch while I had it but, unfortunately, within a couple of months the band broke. The \"sleek\" design hides that the actual band pins are made of plastic embedded in a plastic anchoring mechanism.  This was a difficult watch to remove due to a kind of non-skid rubber and ridging and I really had to tug to unbuckle the band, which resulted in the pin and its plastic anchor snapping and crumbling.", "I bought this model as a present for my wife 5+ years ago and she was sad when the band broke.  I couldn't find a replacement band so bought another watch.  Seems like this is a discontinued model - the price this time was about half what I paid back then.  What's good: the style. What's bad: adjusting the time is complex and fiddly.", "I love the watch. It looks good (it is purple-ish in color which sounds weird, but looks nice actually). But it doesn't come with any instructions! I had to get someone to help me set it and I have no idea what funcions it has. The only negative thing I have noticed about the watch itself though is that it scratches easily. But I wear it a lot and like it as a sporty watch to wear with casual clothes.", "I ordered this Nike watch thinking it was pretty neat, but when I received it, I REALLY REALLY liked it! It's wonderful.  I don't have to take it off to wash dishes or shower or swim. It isn't too big and bulky.  I am a teacher of small children, and I wanted to make sure the watch I wear is one that doesn't scratch the children.  It is just perfect. If this watch gets so worn out that I can't use it, I will order the exact same watch again (maybe a different color though!!).", "This watch look perfect for working, and exercising. It is small, reliable, and easy to adjust date + time. I recommend.", "My daughter loves the unique color of the band and the display. She says, everyone compliments her on it. Very simple and functional. Perfect for her everyday use while in college.", "This is a comfortable and great looking watch. But the beeper volume isn't adjustable and the beeper is almost inaudible indoors and completely inaudible outdoors in the mildest traffic and weather conditions. I have excellent hearing; anyone with any hearing impairment probably won't be able to hear it at all.  I bought it for interval training for running and have to return it. A real shame, because otherwise it's great.", "One person described the Nike Imara Soar as a funky bracelet. That's because they did not realise it was a watch - the display is very dark and can only be read with ease when the backlight is activated. Even in direct sunlight the digits are not easy to read.", "bought it for my girlfriend who works as a physical trainer. she really likes the compactness of the watch. It doesnt interfer with her workout.", "The face is so cool that you can barely read it.  I liked having it as a \"dress watch\" I wouldn't mind running in. Was very sad when the band broke about 5 months into ownership.  I guess it's that other brand that 'takes a  licking....'", "I bought this to replace a Polar that just didn't fit well, and was happy to have the great fit of this one.  The clasp closure broke after only 4 uses, and it is NOT a replaceable part, so I had to return it and give up on this item", "This is a great shoe to either play basketball in or to wear with your street clothes I personally love wearing these with my streets clothing", "It is a shoe, most people will ask where I bought it. The color is unique compared to usual shoes. I use to wear this too during casuals not only during practice.", "My basketball player wanted to be noticed.  He is a great basketball player, but the shoes got him noticed more.  He wears them every day.", "Gives me blisters on my feet can't wear all the time. Also hurt all toes and over paid by 50 dollars", "Love this watch im far sighted so the numbers bering so large is great, and keeps great time had for more than a year and has only lost few secs.", "Looks really good.IT'S NOT BLACK, its like a green+black.On the second day of use, I could see some umidity inside. It didn't have any contact with water...", "This is a very nice watch. The only problem with it is the band; somehow, the material collects dust and is difficult to clean. Otherwise, the watch looks trendy and functional.", "excellent article! very good quality, beautiful tennis, the only flaw is a little long, I mean I have some empty space in the front of the fingers, which does not happen with the other courts of the same size", "I don't know why the picture is now showing a pair of pants because these are navy and silver Nike Shox.I got these for my son because he always chooses Nike.As usual,these are great quality,great value and ultra modern style.This is the best price I could find on Shox which are usually much more.We'll keep coming back to Nike again and again.These run true to size.", "Very dissapointed, do not purchase this watch.  Blacked out and reset itself the first week I wore it.  Not worth the money.  If it comes into contact with water it becomes useless.  I have several of them and all have done the same thing.", "Based off the image on the web I couldn't tell what the size of this watch was, and it turned out to be quite big.  Not as small as the one I was lovingly trying to replace.  I still like the watch though!  Just know it doesn't fit snug on a little wrist.  Its not big enough to fall off.", "While it's a great watch, don't assume it will be a small watch simply because it says women on it. This watch spins around my wrist when I put it on - not ideal when it comes to wearing a watch.", "Like most NIke plastic watches, this is attractive, but fragile. My watchband snapped under very little force when it caught on the handle of my purse while extracting my wallet. I've owned several of these Nike watches and they have all met with similar fates. This one lasted a few months; some last a year.", "I was disappointed when this watched arrived because it is large and no size was mentioned by the seller.  I will be returning it and I would not have ordered it in the first place if the size was mentioned.  Also, the watch arrived with a dead battery.", "I have been using these mostly for daily use/driving in the constant changing weather here in SW Ohio. Also, have use them for early to late evening / all day hunting. These work great, very pleased with the anti-fog feature.(main reason I got these) Cuts down the sun,fog,haze/and other driver's bright headlights/taillights. I have not fully had to use them in snow conditions, except for light snow flurries mixed with rain, which performed excellent. Very lightweight/comfortable to wear on nose/ears, a must have feature .", "it lasts long, feels hard though and if your not careful can poke your eyes out so pointy at the end.", "From the picture online, I thought these sunglasses looked cool and sleek.  When I got them I was surprised at how big they were.  They were really too big for my liking.  Also, I thought the interchangeable lenses, though cool, were a little flimsy.  It didn't really seem like they were terribly sturdy at all.  But then again, I returned mine right away, so I am not sure how they would have held up over time.", "I loved theses sunglasses! That is until they literally started flaking out on me.  The coating on the lens started flaking off.  It was too late to return to the vendor thru Amazon and when I contacted Nike / Marchom they said this line had been discontinued, so I was out of luck.  Beware.", "I've had this watch for a long time now, almost 5 years and I cannot wear another watch because I'm in love with this watch, I wore it every day since I got it and now it is at its limit because it's about to break and the battery is dying and I was hoping to buy another like it (black/red) because if it does break I do not think I could wear another watch too bad they're hard to find now :'(", "Great watch, very tough. It used it for work for years and it still looks brand new. the battery died about 3 years after i bought it. I got lots of compliments on it's design from the guys. The girls hated it though lol", "Watch is great for the excercise junkie.  Interval timer is very convienent for interval running, allows you to concentrate on running instead of the time.", "Glad I made this purchase. The watch is large, but it is a conversation piece when people discover the digital face and high tech design features.The price was a deal.", "I have been running the Air Structure Triax for almost a decade now, and I strongly believe its fantastic support has kept me injury-free. The 10+ keeps up this tradition: I think it is lighter than its predecessor, the sole seems more flexible and, importantly, the lacing has become easier to tighten again. The one thing that I continue to regret is the lack of a loop at the heel to help slip the shoe on. But that does not take anything away from the pleasure to run in it, once you have it on your foot!", "My son runs Cross Country and Track and we purchased this watch for him.  He loves it and it does everything he needs.  Highly recommended!", "The description says that it is water resistant up to 5 meters but it is not.  Wore it once in the water for only a short period and never went below one meter and the watch stopped working.  Don't buy this watch if you plan to use it in and around water.", "I bought these about 6 months ago. This shoe is one of the best shoes I've ever bought and I'll probably buy this again if my current pair falls apart. This shoe is pretty sturdy. I've worn it everyday since I bought it and it still looks amazing. It is also really comfortable. The shoes came with white laces, so if you like the look of white laces you can add them on. (I like the regular black laces so I'm like w/e toward the white ones). I'd recommend that you buy these shoes since they're really nice and comfortable.", "I ordered a size 13 and being a bigger guy i have a wide foot. For the first week or so the shoes were really tight especially around the toes. After i wore them in pretty good they fit perfect. well worth the price.", "These shoes were very comfortable and lasted me a long time. I've never had a shoe last in such a great condition as long as these.", "I ordered this item for my cousin and he is delighted with this purchase. He says they are comfortable and VERY cool. The item was delivered on time. Excellent price and perfect quality on this item.", "My son is delighted with his new boots. He says they are comfortable and VERY cool.Excellent price on this item.", "If your into skating you know all about the one shoe toe hole.I've had two pair of Insurgents and will probably keep buyin em because they last and last and last!!Great board feel too.", "i can see my toes through it lol but it is great sexy light and feels like marshmellows on my feet great shoe will get more asap no rocky", "Good fit, very satisfied with the shoe so far. Good for the function of running around foam track at school.", "I wore the Pegasus when I was running road races in the eighties.  I cycle now; in short, I am stuck on something good thing.", "it's very big!!!! is totally diferent to the picture! i don't like it. looks very current", "Very sporty and durable watch. Everything on it works just as advertised. I wear it to work and beat it up a lot and it takes it well.The only thing I would change is the size - it's not adjustable and I have a small wrist. But I still love it and wear it everyday so obviously not a huge problem.", "es uno de los mejores relojes que he tenido, lo unico malo es que al a&ntilde;o de haberlo comprado la correa se empezo a despegar y no tengo manera de arreglarla, aparte de eso es un tremendo reloj.saludos", "I got this watch on 2008 for my hubby for xmas gift and he loves it, he wears it all the time to the gym, Volleyball game or any sport event and he had only changed the battery, the strap still in perfect condition.  Great price and great look:)", "This watch was purchased over a year ago and still works great.  The only negative thing is that the screen will scratch easily.  Otherwise very happy with this product.", "I got them, and they are pretty good shoes.  I am used to the puffy shoes, so it was a little of a change, but they're good.", "They are very hard in the inside when walking in them so if you plan to walk in them for awhile you better go to Target/Wal-mart and get some cushioned insoles for comfort and they look like knock offs.", "Bought my first pair on a store, lasted me around 4 years.Its actually still usable but its near its end.Its simple, it hugs my feed, its elevated on the sides so your feet will be protected from those nasty bumps in the edge of a bed or chair... that hurts a lot.... also its easy to clean, durable, and simple.The nike tags will surely be removed in time but the material/sandal itself will soldier on until its worn out.At first the material will feel icky or sticky but in time it will be ok", "I really liked these shoes for my son, he wore them on and off the court for indoor soccer.  I would have bought him another pair but he wore them without socks and it stunk up my shoe closet.", "I've had the watch for several years, I only paid about $100 on Ebay and I feel it was a good value. If you read other reviews on this watch and it's  variants in the Nike line it does some things well and is much cheaper than it's competitors.PRO'sPrice - Orig $299, my price $108 with shipping.Looks - I've had unsolicited comments that people liked the way it looked.Size - much smaller than competitors, looks better on my wrist.Clasp - I really like the push button clasp, but it did loosen up eventually.Functions - not perfect, but no watch takes good temps on your wrist, Alt/Barometer worked well for a consumer product as did the Compass, really used the 4 different alarms.CON'sWrist band - a real pain to originally remove links to size it to my wrist, easy to damage the plastic frame on the watch where the pins go in.Battery replacement - had to remove the band (see above) to get to the screws to remove the back cover, where 2 springs shot out and had to figure where they came from. I did two battery replacements over 2 years before water finally got in and killed the watch while swimming. (Actually it still works for time, everything else is not functional.)UPDATE - the dreaded battery change leak killed the watch. I have since upgraded to a Casio Pathfinder.", "Just bought this from Amazon. This item is from Taiwan as the box has a price tag in Chinese on the outside with NT$12900. The instructions were also all in Chinese. The display was flashing with low battery warning.So I had to replace the battery on day 1 and also had a few links removed to fit my wrist. Guy at the watch shop said it had a defective spring bar. The deployant clasp is a nice feature but the links pinch a bit and the outside edges of the titanium links are sharp. So I will be taking this off before using my laptop or anything else that could get scratched.Color is actually darker than in the picture on the detail page. Decent watch for the money.", "Purchase of the watch was without incident and I felt it was a good deal.  Problem was the battery was dead upon arrival.  I sent an e-mail asking what recourse I had as a Nike watch needs to be serviced by a certified dealer.No response from the group who had sold me the watch.  Disappointing.", "It didn't fit my hand.Looks like it is for childrenWaste of time.I already return the item.", "I bought this watch over a month ago and it has gone blank several times already. It seems to not like to run with me. It seems to be very sensitive to water (only waterproof) but not to be taken swimming or any of that.  It seems to be a nice watch but I have not been lucky so far", "The is a great watch. It has low profile,is angled so it is easy to read on the run and is great for runners.This model is \"unisex' which means it is for a small wrist. I have the larger - not unisex model which fits fine. This model barely fits around my wrist. I have an average size wrist.", "When I received the watch, it was obvious that it had been worn before and was not new.  When I returned it due to this reason, I was only credited for part of the purchase, I did not receive a full refund. Very disappointing and a total waste of my time and money.", "Watch spoiled within a week. Maybe it was a defect, but I expected better. The seal on the inside of the watch was bad, which caused water to leak into the watch and damaged it. Unable to return watch now since I live in the Caribbean and I had the watch shipped here. May never buy a sports watch again from Nike.", "This is a fantastic watch! It's very slim, stylish, and it goes with everything. I'm going to get more in different colors! I highly recommend this watch.", "These were my first low dunk skate shoes and I gotta say that I love them. The fit comfortably and are a perfect fit. I got a half size bigger (10.5) because my size of 10 was not available and it fit perfectly. Would definitely recommend these shoes.", "Terrible.  Bought these for the winter and couldn't be more disappointed.  They are completely useless as the sole is \"breathable\" and has holes all over the show that lets in water and leads to soaking wet socks.  They are way less waterproof than normal patent leather sneakers of any type.  Do not purchase if your intention is to brave the elements. They are comfortable for normal purposes.", "My son is on his second pair of these. He wore the last pair every single day for the past year!! He finishes basketball practice and slides into these. The are very true to size. He wears an eight in mens and they fit perfect. Not to wide. Will continue to make sure we have a pair handy at all times since he wears them to school daily and also after ball practice.", "size was awful.. can't use it.. it's not a real size 11. as i got a size 11 crocs which was a perfect fit", "I am normally a 7.5 2E or 8E, depending on the style and brand of footwear.  I sized up to a 9M hoping the width would suffice, but alas that was not the case.  I could try to snug my feet in, but they would probably stretch out too soon. Oh well.", "Don't fit your feet!!! they squeeze on the top of your foot! not very comfortable either, don't recommend buying enless you got girl feet", "I am almost positive these are women's sandals.....My foot will not even fit through the sandals and I dont have wide feet.  I just threw away the packaging before I even tried them on because I was on a hurry and now I am stuck with these sandals that are not even close to fitting.", "The product is as expected except the foot bridge is super tight and expands and contracts. I cannot get my foot to stay with the pressure. I ordered an extra size larger and still is difficult to wear. I thought they were solid but band flexes like a rubber band  would not buy again. Wasted my money here", "We share these at our house we own a few pairs and they do get passed around.I wear them in the shower to clean them and they look like new for a long time.With socks without you can beat these slides.", "Feels good little bit too tight In time  i hope they will stretch out. Feels good on the bottom of my feet", "Good quality, a little tight at first but conforms to the foot well after a little breaking in. Overall I'm glad I purchased these.", "I bought a 13 and it was to small, all my other shoes are a 13. Just bought a 14 hopefully it will work. but it's very comfy.", "The sandals are pretty comfy and are extremely well-suited for indoor use. However, they do take a lot of time to dry after a shower, especially the top cushion of the sandal.", "Soft as hell! Thought that these wouldn't be as great as the Adidas slippers I owned but these where 10x better in every aspect and even cheaper too!!", "This sandle is too tight and will not fit a foot with high arches.  No velcro adjustment is available to accomodate a wide or high foot.  I tried and tried to let the sandle Stretch into shape but it was soo tight that it was painful.  Finally gave it to my girlfriend who has smaller feet.  Love the Nike swoosh but....no go and a waste of money for me.", "I bought this shoes for my 80 years old father. He wears it everyday. The shoes is comfortable and light weight.", "My feet are average width/height, but I can't put these on without jamming my foot inside.  Apparently, they are designed for people with paper feet.  Disappointed and returning.", "My son wears a size 14D and we purchased a pair of these at a local store. They were the models with an adjustable Velcro strip over the foot. The pair I ordered from Amazon was a solid strap, so consequently they didn't fit. The sandals themselves were great, wore well and he loved them, but if the wearer is large in stature, these probably aren't what you want.", "I must say I received the product sooner than expected. For that I must commend but the product is made in China  Does it meet the American standard?", "I have a similar model Nike sandal that I purchased about 10 years ago that has nearly worn out after heavy use. I was very satisfied with that sandal and wanted to purchase a similar Nike sandal. First of all after opening the box and trying on these sandals I discovered that this sandal is at least 1/2-1 size small, i.e. I ordered a mens' size 11, my actual foot size is exactly 10.5, and this sandal just barely fits with no exposed edge left whatsoever in the entire sandal (and I'm close to my ideal body weight, not overweight at all). Next it's made of a comparatively thinner polymer material that provides minimal cushioning to absorb shocks. My older sandal had a much thicker sole with a thick tread pattern for non-slip walking, and had a form fitted arch so that my foot neatly fitted into it without slipping when walking, etc. This sandal has none of those good design properties: its sole is much thinner in comparison with minimal arch support; and the tread pattern is comprised of relatively small ridges that do not appear to be thick enough to prevent slipping on wet hard surfaces.Also as another reviewer mentioned the underside of the front support is a fabric-like material that absorbs moisture like crazy so no wonder he said they smelled \"funky\" after a short time..this material if it stays wet is expected to be subject to mold growth.Btm line: save your $ and don't buy this sandal, especially if you've owned similar older Nike sandals. I'm keeping these but will only use them at the gym in the locker shower room which is the intended purpose, but what a disappointment! I'm keeping my older Nike sandals which although they are worn, they are vastly superior design and quality-wise.", "These sandals actually fit size wise very good, its the piece that goes over my foot that seems too small for my feet.  These keep coming off my feet when I am walking; I have a high arch and that might be the problem, maybe they will stretch and stay on my feet once they are broken in, but, I don't wear them any longer as they do not stay on my feet.  I will not buy this type sandal again.", "I brought these for my 10 year old son, he loves them, a little roomy but I brought them that way on purpose.", "a little small.but it is OK. I can accept it.Maybe next time, I'd get a bigger one.that is all.", "I loved the fact that it came on line but for a slippers they could have packaged it better than that. A big box for a small slipper was not what i expected and it ended up costing me more money to clear.", "Just a little narrow (I normally wear size 10-1/2). However, they seem to be stretching out a little to fit. Close enough that I'm not going to bother trading them for larger.", "These slippers were too close a fit. Even though they were purchased, as a gift, for someone with pretty narrow feet. They would be better if they were a wider width.", "The last pair I bought fit a little less snuggly.  They are not bad enough to return and am hoping that they will stretch a little.", "Great sandal for the money you pay for. Pretty comfy sandals to use and are pretty durable. I recommend any one to buy them", "I bought these for my hubby as a replacement for a 10+ year old pair that he refuses to throw away, and they were a HUGE hit! They fit perfectly (he wears an 11.5 and I bought the size 12 since they do not come in half sizes) and he says they are very comfy. May not be a great fashion statement, but much better than the ratty old pair (also Nike) and we can support a regional brand. We are both quite pleased!", "I needed sandals, they have begun to wear in, and for the most part are reasonably comfortable. I use them for after basketball practice, and again, they work fine. If you hear about any other pair of sandals that are incredible or great, I would pass on these and try them out....", "Totally what I expected. I bought this for my son and he loves them. Quality and fit are Nike standard.", "Item is not adjustable, so you need to order a size or two bigger. (depending on your width) Over all liked it!!", "love them . fit perfectly. as expected. so easy to put on and get off with those big wooly winter socks on!", "Received on time but width is too small for my feet. Also, not sure if this is wearable in the shower...", "I needed a quick pair of sandals and saw this on the front page. Great reviews was what persuade me to give this pair of shoes a chance. Everything about these sandals are great, however, I wish I had purchased a half a size bigger.", "Fits pretty good and is comfortable. That's all you should want to know if you're going to buy this product.", "These shoes are definitely not true to size and don't make much of a difference even after &#34;breaking them in&#34;. Dont buy in your size", "Hey, if you want to walk around with Styrofoam underneath your feet, well, these sandals are perfect for you! I personally like rubber because rubber is higher quality, but I guess Styrofoam works great if you are on a budget. Perfect sandal for that person you hate in your life!", "These are really nice quality sandals with good grip and feel nice after long usage, my only complaint is the top strap to the end of the sandal is a bit long so it has excess space to the edge", "Poor fit. Ridiculusly narrow tight band. Ordered two sizes larger than needed and band should have been twice as big an opening.", "Comfortable. Great for everyday wear or just to wear around the house. They are completely water proof so they could be used for shower shoes also. Great to wear around the gym after/before a workout and not too expensive for the quality. Overall good buy.", "My son loves these Nike slides, he says they're very comfortable, they don't slip off accidentally but they are easy to get in & out of.  They fit as expected and arrived quickly.", "Good for walking arond the house, not really good for water. You still slide. Go one size up I purchashed it thatbway from another review", "I really love these Nike sandals. They're very comfortable, and also fitting. I would recommend this item to anyone looking for new sandals. Perfect for around the house, or if you're headed to a short day of classes.", "Just runs a bit small, so get a size bigger than normal. I wear size 15 so this fit me a little snug, gotta wear it to size.", "the price is deffinitly right on these sandals! and theyre super comfy! perfect for your boyfriend or even your self!", "I purchased these for my husband.  His comments are:  Fit is perfect.  They are very comfortable.  They blend well with the rest of my Nike gear.", "I bought this for my grandson and he has not gotten it yet but it looks fantastic and like it will last a long time  Great delivery time as well  Thanks", "These sandals are great looking and fit amazing, i went to store and tried some on, just bought them online, for convenience purposes. They do the job, i wear them to shower and not athletes foot;D", "I purchased these sandals to use in a dorm shower. I would not recommend them because under the &#34;swoosh&#34; there is a foam pad that touches the top of your foot. This foam pad tends to stay wet. Even after 12-24 hours from taking a shower, that foam pad would still be wet.", "I normally wear size 10.5 so got 11, because I have wide feet. It was still a tight squeeze. Decent price for good quality.", "i wear size 11 and a half shoes, i bought these for like size 11 or 12, when they came they were way too small, so i thought ok ill give it to my mom or sister, they could barely get their feet through the slipper also! When i tried to return them i had to pay for shipping although amazon decided to credit me back. I learned my lesson, try these out in person before you buy them unless you are absolutely certain or familiar with the company", "good and exactly want I wanted. They are very comfortable and it's a good purchase but Nike usually is good.", "i bought these to wear to the beach insted of my nike frees so they wouldn't get all sandy there very comfortable and are sure made to last.they are a taddy bitty small but still fit my size 8 and probably will for the next 6 months or so", "My favorite brand is nike that's why I selected this item but it's not fit for me, but it's ok", "Originally I ordered the shoes in a size 8 , as the ordered progressed the size turned into a size 16.  I assumed it was a code # for size 8.  I tried going back to double check my order but ended up being told I now purchased 2 orders.  I closed my order for the second purchase as I only wanted one pair and figured I did order the first pair since you took my credit card # and all.  The order never arrived so I ordered it again but size # 16 kept showing up and I couldn't change it so I again assumed it was code for # 8.  I payed extra money to have it shipped in two days.  It came on time but the sliders were a size 16 and much too big for my grandson.I tried to get the paperwork to send them back but you wouldn't accept my password; the same password you accepted for the sale.I think you need a much friendlier service for ordering..I will never,ever order another thing from Amazon.com", "This is shoe is an okay buy for those who are medium to high rough on shoes. However it would be a good buy if you are not planning on wearing these every day. My son plays football and he alternates between this flop and another. The problem with this okay shoes is that the rubber overtime wears quickly and began to shift from its original look. I have learned that my 16-yr old must have something a little more sturdy next time.", "i chose these flip flops because ive always wanted a paid due to how comfortable they are, when i got them i was so thrilled and i wear them almost every day.  They are affordable and light weight too", "I purchased these in a mens 4 i wear a womans 6 had to return them and got a 5 mens.. Fit way better than the 4's. ..Good light wight shoe.. With socks on a lil slippery tho so be careful", "if you need socks real bad, this one is the right choice for you. but it is cheaper on Nike.com", "I just wish I could get my son to wear these more often since his feet are so smelly ;-)", "I view Shoes/Sandals as just wearing accessories and not for fashion. This Nike Sandal, I am having for past 1 year+ and definitely comfortable. The problem with sandals they are either too tight or loose. If these are 10% smaller, it would have fit my leg very well :) The groove on bottom keep the leg in a good grip and does not slide off. Washable, so can wear for car wash and dries up easily. Overall I would say try and buy if possible.", "I bought these for my bf. It fits him perfectly! True to size. And it's very very comfortable, he loves it!", "I purchased these Nike sandals in a size 15 (yes, I have big feet).  They are great except that the sizing is a little small.  Order the next size up if you can.", "These are fantastic slides.  I used to only buy adidas slides but they have been all worn apart and I saw a lot of people who had these, and my one friend recommended them. They are fantastic.. by far the best slides I've ever owned.  Very comfortable and fit well.  I originally got a size 9, as I am a 9/9.5 and they were a bit tight, so I got a size 10 and they are wonderful (maybe slightly big, but nothing to be concerned about).", "I like these sandals a lot because they're comfortable, look pretty cool, and when you have high top socks with these there is nothing more comfortable.  :)", "They work great! Buy a bigger size than you think you need though. Super comfortable. Good for taking into nasty lockerroom showers.", "This is a good sandal; however, in hind sight, I should have ordered the more expensive adjustable version.note: (1) stiff sole until broken in (2) not adjustable (3) runs small, so order the next size up", "I have very narrow feet and they are still very tight. I had addias  sandals before of the same size they were comfortable.", "They fit great, perfect for chillin and just walking around. I use them for chillin in the dorm and they get the job done perfectly", "They are just as they look in the picture. I bought them for my husband to use at home, and he says they are comfortable.", "Normally I wear size 7.5. But this size 8 is just way too narrow . It's very uncomfortable to wear ....", "I am a distance runner and have had this watch for two years. I have used it for countless workouts and just regular runs with absolutely no trouble whatsoever. I also have worn it just as my regular watch all this time and it still works great. Just now the rubber on the edges of the buttons has started to come loose (after two years of constant use), but I just cut it off and it has lost none of its functionality.As far as what it can do: You can take splits with it, up to 100 for workouts and such. You can set an interval time that it will count down and beep at you. You can turn the beep on and off. It can change time zones. It has a power save so that it can be set to turn off after 12 hours, 6 hours, or 1 hour of not being used, then all you have to do is press any button and it will turn back on again.I love this watch!", "I wear these as an everyday casual shoe.  They are comfortable but a little heavy to do much more then walking.", "I expected these shoes to be like the Jordan's I purchased in 07, but I don't remeber the original pair saying Air Force Ones on them.  These do.  Maybe Jordan's are AF1s though, I'm no expert.  Either way, the red in this shoe was Orange.  Specifically, the \"red\" behind the swoosh is burnt orange, and the \"red\" of the sole and heel is maroon.  I returned them.", "i have tried a lot of sport watches throughout my life, but none have come close, in terms of comfort, as this watch has provided. what i categorically consider a good sport watch is its \"invisibility.\" i want to wear a sport watch and be able to forget that i am wearing it until i need to look at the time, so that i can focus on my sport whether it be rock climbing, racquet sports, biking, or running. in fact, the only sport i can think of that i don't wear them is basketball and volleyball. if you are looking for a comfortable sport watch that does everything you need (chronograph, timer, clock, alarm) this is it.", "This watch looks cool, but beware i've had two of them and they all fall apart within 3 mnths the ink blothces and the sides scrape very easily and the band breaks. Very cheap piece of junk for the money it's not worth it, and you have to scroll all of the features to get back to time the old triax had a hold feature that goes back for 2 seconds of holding a button. POoorest quality ever", "i bought this watch for my soon to be husband because he is very sportsy/outdoors but still needs a dressy looking watch to wear to work/play.  it's great!", "I love the way they look & they feel so comfortable. They're not like those other weird looking Nike, Oakley, or Spy Plastic glasses! These are real clean!", "i got this for my husband as a gift, and he really likes the watch a lot!  he has no complaints about it that i can tell, i highly recommend this watch.  the price is reasonable too.", "I bought this watch as I needed a new reliable one for work and I have to say it is definately that!The display looks great and it is nice and simple to use. I would really recommend this watch to anyone!", "I bought this to make sure I didn't go over a heart rate of 130 while pregnant. Seems to work like a charm, although I can't seem to figure out how to set an alarm for when I reach my maximum heart rate. I'm still not even sure if that is a feature of this monitor. But, It works none the less. I just have to keep looking at the watch during my workout.", "ugly...cheesy....tacky......pick the one you like. Still these was my own fault, I thought the colour would be diferent....more real and less cheap looking, again my own fault for buying it. Have not worn it once.", "I had a hard time finding this watch because of the title listed and rarity I presume. The watch is extremely light weight. It is unique, which is why I sought it out, and the color is very appealing. Most images don't show the orange intensity that it gives off. Yet it is not too orange nor Rosy. I'm sure NIKE went through a lot to choose the specific colors for these watches. Overall I am pleased with it. My only dislikes are the pronounced bottom clasps that you squeeze to release and the dimmer than depicted digital display. It came preset even to my time zone and I think for a unique name brand product like this, the price is decent. Thank you for reviewing. Check out my pics for more accurate live comparison.", "my son loves these shoes. he does have a wide foot so the shoes are narrow for his feet. they are nice and very bright!", "We bought these shoes for my husband since he is an avid soccer player.  He loves them!  It was difficult to find a pair of shoes in his size for a reasonable price (he wears a size 15).  He had another pair of Nike Tiempo's in the past that fit perfectly which was why we decided to buy these as well.  He couldn't be any happier.  Thanks!  By the way, the delivery was right on time.", "I bought them for my little bro (12 Y.O.) on size 7, they look awesome, he loved them. The finishes look just great the colors are the perfect combination between the classic style of tiempo and the modern style of Nike, completely recomended!", "This is a very good watch, looks is up to the buyer but in my opinion it looks good.  The feel of the watch is actually light, and comfortable the chronometer is pretty good since the numbers are so big it also has a timer.  I gave it a 4 out of 5 stars because the sound is of the alarm is very weak.", "These shoes are like magic marshmallows.  They are so comfortable from every angle.  I literally did not even have to break them in.", "Nike's seem to run smaller these days, so bear that in mind before buying.  Overall the build quality is good.  The shoes after a 1.5 years aren't falling apart at the seams.  I think the midsoles break down too quickly though.  I rotate running shoes, so ignore the overall years I have had them.  Given the miles I have, I do not feel the midsoles are as durable as they should be.", "I love this shoe.  This shoe has the right amount of stability and cushioning.  I had the triax 10 before and liked it.  The triax 11 is even better.  It is lighter and has more cushioning.  I have high arches and have not had any problems with this shoe.", "If you love wearing sandals during the summer time, or you are so fashion victim and you can support them with any kind of attire at any occasion, casual or not, then you need to have a pair of these!!!", "Just received them. They are comfortable and look good. Different!I was affraid as I hace seen comments that stated that the model runs thin...but they are ok", "battery dies fast without regular use (less than 6mths) need extra piece to connect to ipod/phone not included... adjusting is a serious anal pain. looks nice though", "I found this watch by accident surfing the internet, and I'm glad I found it! Really comfortable, waterproof, and was never released again. Nothing like a limited edition!", "These shoes were bought because of the colorway, it is hard to find a nice white and black gym shoe. I love nike products, however this type is just to stiff and extremely narrow. If you have wide feet I do not reccommend these shoes as you will be displeased. The materials also feel kind of cheap at least not what you would expect from a lunar.It will be a gamble if you decide to buy this item.", "The price of these shoes were ok and comfort is as expected of Nike Air Force 1's.  I would buy again from this seller.", "Cleats are nice looking.  My son said they hurt his feet initially but after a few practices they became more comfortable.", "I love this watch! I wear it everyday to class, the gym, out..you name it. Does everything I need it too, heavy duty design. Not to mention I get at least one complement a week!", "Have you noticed that neither Nike nor all the Nike dealers show a photo of this watch on someone's arm? Nor do any photos show the width of the wristband. Such a weird shaped watch really needs such photos to give potential buyers a clear understanding of the shape and size.The first thing to note is that this is a WOMAN'S watch. The band is very, very narrow. Nike doesn't tell you that it is for a woman, but it is. The numbers on the curved display are difficult to read. I've been wearing a Nike Triax for several years and I like the display but not the one on this weird, weird \"Vapor\" model.Nike appears to be more interested in being \"edgy\" than producing a practical watch. I returned it.", "My husband bought me this watch for my birthday.  Five months later a red button fell off.  I exchanged the watch.  It was supposed to be water resistent up to 100 meters.  I swam laps with the watch, and the time display became so fuzzy I could barely read it.  None of the other functions worked by this point.  I sent it back with an explanation to the company.  A new watch was not given to me.  Instead they sent me back my nonworking watch.", "The wristbands come off this watch at a fixed angle.  The result is that the fit of the watch is essentially fixed.  My wrist is a little bit too big resulting in a really awkward fit.  The watch face is lifted up off my arm b/c the curvature is too small.  If they just made the top of the wrist bands more rubbery instead of hard plastic it'd fit much better.Other than the fit, the features are great.  The display is easy to read without breaking stride.Try it on before you buy it!!", "I love this watch.  It is easy to read, the band is really comfortable, and it has a neat power save function where the display turns off after a set amount of time such as 3, 12, or 24 hours.  It's the best watch I've had in a while.", "I went looking for this watch after seeing it on a gal in a store.  I had to comment on it and ask her what kind it was and where she got it.  I was just so taken with the style.  She said it was the most comfortable watch she'd worn, and it is.  I happen to like big watches and this is just great.  It would be wonderful for a man but looks fine on my wrist too.  It's sporty and even though it has a black face, you can still easily read the numbers.  I love this watch!", "My first torque was purchased at a nike store in downtown Chicago. I thought it was a slick sports watch and would look sharp with my various outfits; That's where it ended. I purchased the red torque and found the paint chipped so easily as would a cheap watch! (The batteries in nike watches usually die within months) This is actually the second Nike watch I purchased, and i have to say that the quality is totally unacceptable! I find that Nike watches look cute but they lack the quality of a Casio watch which are superb sport watches that never die. Finally, i ultimately lost the watch because the band, believe it or not, would just come lose from time to time! Is it a cute watch? yes. Will you get a ton of compliments? yes. If you want a great watch go with Casio.ImaniChicago", "he product is of excellent quality, and the time when the delivery has been made &#8203;&#8203;very punctual, I recommend it to others the product is genuine", "Good for basketball. It is what I want ! Good for me to gym and play ball with my friends", "These have a nice tight fit, which make them great for playing. Being high tops, I expected them to be heavier than a pair of lowcut Converse shoes I have, but I actually find the Converse heavier. Overall, I am satisfied with these shoes.", "I got for my husband and he really liked it. It is good for long walks. When the first pair got worn out we ordered it again.", "I loved everything the only reason I'm returning them is that my boyfriend did not like all the white in the sneaker.I re-ordered another pair all black!", "i buy this one because it is chaper,it worth the bill,more words required?what should i do ? i already finished", "Very fitted and tight just like I wanted it, most importantly, It's heavy ....... I love it very much. I", "It was a great shoes, very comfortable and looks very expensive, the price was ok and quality fabric was good. I recommend it", "its false the amazon description with leather material, ITS PLASTIC!! Be carefull ITS PLASTIC MATERIAL AND LOOKS VERY CHEAP!!!!! of course the product is a brand new and nike original brand, but when you read  at the description and the final product  that you get, the surprise is very bad.", "The shoes are comfortable, and the size is fit as expected. The quality of the shoes is much higher, even with these low price.", "Good fit and quality.  Recommend it to anyone who likes Nike tennis shoes with good ankle support.  My boyfriend loves them.", "The price is great and for him to have a pair of nikes make him jump like MJ. Good shoe looks great.", "I love these shoes. They fit perfectly. Mine is for casual use but if you need for athletic purposes, might not be perfect.", "THESE ARE A LIGHT WEIGHT SNEAKER, AT FIRST LEERY TO PURCHASE AS I'D ALWAYS HAD LEATHER SNEAKS. I FEARED THESE WOULDN'T STAND UP BUT WOW, WHAT A SURPRISE, KEPT SHAPE AND STOOD UP WELL. AS ALWAYS A PERFECT FIT EVERY TIME. COMFORTABLE, DURABLE, MY 4TH PAIR. ONE PAIR HAD A PROBLEM WITH THE SOLE PULLING FREE. WENT ON LINE TO NIKE.COM, FOUND INFORMATION FOR SHIPPING THEM TO NIKE, WITHIN 10 DAYS RECEIVED FULL REFUND WHICH HAD TO BE SPENT ON LINE AT THAT SITE BUT COULD USE THE REFUND FOR ANY ITEM. CAN'T LOOSE WITH NIKE. YES I AM VERY PLEASED.", "This is the second pair I've bought for my BF (he's a police officer & the slightly higher ankle helps support his firearm that he straps to his ankle while off duty)  & he really seems to like them.  He says the cushion is nice & the support is what he needs.  All black in color, easy to wipe off & comfortable.  Can't ask for much more.", "My 15yr old son wanted Jordan's but since the men in my family have large feet and still grow past puberty lol, I decided not to get him Jordan's as I would have to buy him another pair of sneakers in a few months. Furthermore, there are too expensive for this single mom of 3. So when I saw these attractive sneakers, I ordered them right away; they looked good and were a great price.When we received them(extremely fast shipping btw), my son tried them on inmedietly. He loved the way they look; Their simple but very nice looking just like him, and they look good with everything. Quality seems good as well.He wore them to school the next day and he told me he got a lot of compliments and were the most comfortable sneakers he has ever worn.I'm very glad I bought them! Once they don't fit him anymore, I will donate them and get him another pair!", "We bought these for my 11 year  old to  play basketball though school  and  his club team.  They fit well, were shipped quickly and  arrived in a timely manner.  He is happy with  them and the neon makes it easy to spot him  on the court.", "Product arrived early. I'm very happy wth the shoes.comfortable and light weight. Satisfied with the appearance and style of shoes.", "This is a quality shoe. For not much a whole lot more than a pair of shoes from Walmart my son got a pair of Nikes. He likes 'em. They look like the picture and he says they fit fine and they're comfortable.", "Very lightweight food ware with excellent fit. Although it has no sophisticated air cushion it gives you a stable feeling.", "This was a gift and the recipient is thrilled with it!!Very unusual, looks lovely on the wrist, very feminine fora sporty watch!", "Didn't want to spend $70 on a watch for a kid, but my disabled daughter can only read digital and has OCD about time.  She hasn't taken it off since she got it for her birthday 3 months ago.  Will probably buy another color too.  I've spent lots over the years on anything I could find that is digital without a buckle, but they all failed, so I guess it's worth it in the long run.  It's very sturdy.  Good job Nike.  Too bad digital with cuffs are so rare.", "Bought this watch for my wife. She wears it to work, play, anywhere casual.  She says it is ultra comfortable, light, the band works great on her small wrist. She has never knocked it off or had it slip.  She has had the watch since Christmas 2009.  She gets a lot of comments and compliments about it.  Has timers she uses at work, two time zones, easy to read and use.  Highly recommended.", "Love Nike digital watches! I have several Nike Presto Cee watches and the Kylo is a similar fit. Comfortable to wear, I barely notice it is on. Nice big digital display with day and date. Unlike the Presto Cee (which ran small) the Kylo will fit many sizes of wrist. Will need to get more colors of the Kylo to add to my watch collection.", "I ordered this for my daughter who is in college.  It is her second one, the first one was stepped on!  She loves the watch and says it is very comfortable.", "First, the positive: I love the design of this watch. It fits great, it's light, it's easy to operate, and you hardly feel it once it's on.Now the negatives:- There is no seconds counter in the main display. This is minor but annoying.- Major FAIL: This watch claims to be water resistant to 5ATM, but is completely not. I sent it back once; they returned it with a note saying that I should not wear it in the shower or to wash dishes.  Are you kidding me?! Daily household use, like washing dishes, does not amount to 5ATM of pressure. If it's that much of a fragile flower, it's useless to me. I am about to return it a second time and will ask if I can get my money back or get it replaced with something that I can actually use for purposes that might involve water, like, for example, running in the rain; showering; washing dishes. Lord knows what will happen if I ever go swimming with it - maybe it will melt! Sheesh; some sports watch.", "I thought when I read the detentions it would be big enough but I have a hard time seeing the stop watch. However, I really like the color and it is very comfortable for my small wrist.", "I have owned this Nike Blade watch model WC0037 for 7 months. Out of all the watches I own this one was my most favorite.Oh NO, IT BROKE !!!One evening while removing it from my wrist I notice the black bubber wrist band had separated from the body at the rear battery cover. The entire rubber/plastic hinge had cracked. This wrist band is not replaceable.  I wore this watch daily to my office job. It is a mistery of how and why it broke. Lesson learned is to stick with watches which have standard replacable wrist bands.", "I have owned this Nike watch for 7 months. It is a very neat watch. Unfortunately it broke and I don't know how. One evening I remove it from my wrist and notice the black bubber wrist band had separated from the body at the rear battery cover. The entire rubber/plastic hinge had cracked. This wrist band is not replaceable. I wore this watch daily to my office job. A sports watch should be made rugged. This one is not. Lesson learned is to buy a watch which has a standard replacable wrist band.", "I use these daily for driving and cycling on paved trails.They work great for cycling since alot of the paved trails I frequent are surrounded by trees in certain areas so the suns gets blocked but I dont have to remove the glasses since they adjust to the lighting situation.Great price & fast delivery also!", "My son loved the shoes, but although he has a narrow foot, they seem to run small.  If you are considering ordering this, go up 1/2 size.  They did return them with no problems and refunded quickly.", "I've had this watch for probably 3 or 4 years now, although mine is slightly different; mine is all black rubber, and doesn't have the metal bezel around the screen. It has some nice features like the interval timer, but the stopwatch lacks a split time feature. Numbers are easy to read. It is pretty freakin' huge, and it's difficult to wear with like dress shirts or something. That being said, i still love it. I use it mainly for running, going to the gym, and any other rough activities i might not want to put my good watch through. Seriously, i beat the crap out of this thing. I wear it in the pool, in the ocean, i throw it around, i bang it on the ground; the thing is indestructible.As for the price...well, i bought this watch from Costco 3 or 4 years ago for $24.99. So for that price, it's an incredible bargain. I guess it's up to you, whether or not you're willing to spend $110 on a pretty good sport watch.", "Watch is bigger than I expect, but it looks great. Big numbers are very useful. I really like this watch.", "I bought this for my daughter last Christmas.  She likes it so much, I wanted one.  Then I could only find a used one.  That really didn't appeal to me, but I did it anyway.  To my surprise, the watch came in the original box, with the manual, etc.  It's a great watch!  Easy to use and easily readable while running.", "These fit just like they should. The color is as it appears and I absolutely love them. Couldn't ask for any more.", "i have had this type thong before , just needed replacements ..and glad i was ableto find them as easy as i did", "This is the most comfortable pair of flip flops I have ever owned.  I even went on a 10 mile walk with these, like walking on air. I also have them in brown.  Please don't stop making these :)", "THis flops are great and soft to the touch. They hae grips of the bottom so you dont slip in wet surfaces.", "I already had a pair of black Nike thongs that I love, and looked all over for a brown pair the same style. I need a thong that has an arch support. I finally found these and they looked to be the same style as my black ones. When they came in, they did not look the same at all. Their is no arch support, and they are very narrow, my foot is actually wider than they are, and I wear a medium. I tried wearing them for a day but they do not work for me. The real kick was that they came with a price tag that was $2 LOWER than the price I paid for them.", "the cord goes between my toes are shorter than any others I tried, therefore,  no play, easy to walk, even run.I usually buy size 7, but it stretches out in year or two. size 6 is just fine, perfect. I love them. thank you!!", "I buy these every 2 years and wear them constantly. In the winter when you need something to go on vacation with and your feet are not used to the sandle thing....these are the flip flops that are comfortable from the moment you put them on! Hopefully you will replenish your stock so I can order more in my size.", "The MSRP on these shoes is only $24.  Who pays twice that for shoes on here they could get from stores or ebay for so much less?", "nice shoes, looks beautiful, when I wear it, I feel comfortable. Although winter will come soon, I still buy it.", "The look, feel, fit, and construction are all superb. I love photo-chromatic lenses. My only problem is these do not get dark enough for bright southern California days. I usually have the opposite problem where they lenses do not get light enough. This lens is the first to get light enough for me to actually wear in doors comfortably. Those are are personal preference problems not quality problems. If you like a lighter rather than a darker lens I think you can buy these with complete confidence.", "hey I had purchased the originals back in early 90s and they were way more comfortable then these cheap ass over priced shoes. I have wide feet and they were really tight and uncomfortable and it takes forever to put the things on. I wish they would just make the original kind and leave it the way it was from early 90s those were the best these are too tight on feet and skinny. They won't break in.", "A couple of days after my son word these, they began to squeak as he walked? Wasted money:-( Don't waste your money on these.", "He doesn't have to take it off because it's waterproof, which is a huge plus when you're 7. Also, it keeps him aware of time. Nice product.", "I am very pleased with my purchase of the Nike AirMax 90 Boots. The process was great. The boots are like a second skin. They are very comfortable, and are really great on dirt or concrete. I like everything about them.", "I bought this product as a replacement for a Timex running watch.  Alhtough the Nike Fury looks a bit nicer, the functionality falls short of the Timex.  It is annoying that there is no chrono feature (counts up), and that you cannot set the alarm in the dark.  Overall its an ok watch, would be nice if it had the functinoality of the Timex though.", "My watch broke within two months of purchase. I'm sending it back to be repaired, but I'd rather get my money back. I don't think the features are very well designed. For example, to set the countdown timer to a new value, you have reset the current timer to its initial value - you can't just stop a timer in the middle and set a new value. It might not seem like a big deal, but little things like that can be annoying. The hourly beep turns on and off sometimes when I bend my wrist. I think I'll be going back to the Timex Ironman.", "This is a great running watch, yet I have one bone to pick with Nike--the \"Interval Work Out\" feature is somewhat confusing and not at all what I am used to from my past watches.  It is not a \"set your 1-2 time intervals to count down from alternatingly\", rather it has a strange system which I have not entirely figured out yet--all I know is that it is hands-on, not -off like the old watch used to be.Otherwise the watch functions perfectly well, time, chronometer, data storage, and alarms are all what you come to expect from a standard sports watch.", "I purchased this watch as a replacement for a Nike watch that i had for about 7 years.  I was very happy with my orginal and just as happy with its replacement.  I would recommend to anyone looking for a watch in this category", "This watch was a great deal for the money i spent on it. At under $50 this watch has everything i need. i only wish it also had a heart rate monitor to it, but then i would've been spending more money. i like the stopwatch/run feature and get the most use out of this. i haven't explored all of the options yet, but i like what i see so far. numbers are easy to read and band fits comfortably on my wrist.", "When I first got it, admittingly I didnot like its strap as much as my previous Nike watches as it's red/black but then and now I'm in love with it..The reason I took it in red was the price:) But now I'm glad I didnot pay extra for the color because the color is really nice and gives me energy during the sports and also goes well with my colorful training clothes..It's so comfortable that I never take it off during my sleep or shower..It has got 2 time zones with just a click to a button or you can view the 2 time zones simultaneously..It has Run, workout, data and alarm modes. It has really satisfied me and I like it so much that I want to wear it to work sometimes:))", "you can use it in the gym or with your sportive clothes. it has data saver, timer, clock, date.", "I wasn't under the impression that this was a womens or possibly a kids size watch but it is.  Its small.  Fortunately, I have a relatively small wrist so I can wear it.  It's on the second to last hole.  I had a Nike Triax 100 watch for 8-9 years and put it through hell and it kept on ticking.  It was designed well and the functions worked perfectly.  That's why I bought this watch.  Seemed to be the closest thing.  It's not at all.  The numbers/letters are not fluid.  They are made up of pixels.  My older Triax was more fluid.  Strike 1.  This Triax only has 2 alarms.  When you have 5 you tend to use them.  Strike 2. I don't get the \"work out\" feature at all on this thing.  The instructions suck.  Strike 3.  It's an angle design.  When you look at it while running it is suppose to be designed so that you don't have to turn your arm parallel to your body to read it however, they over did the angle.  Try turning your arm perpendicular to your body with your elbow by your side.  Its not natural while running.  It's actually more difficult to read.  Very Strange.  Have to wonder if anyone actually tried it before production.  Strike 4.  Only one star left, I guess that's how I will rate it.", "The setup process is a little bit complicated.  But after that, it works very well.", "nike really did a great job redesigning the wristbands to their watches. this band is all one piece and it is really thick and sturdy. at first i wasnt sure id like how big the big face is, but its grown on me. i wear it primarily as i coach soccer but its such a great looking watch that im wearing it all the time. its very durable also, ive played goalie in it when coaching my boys and after taking shots and diving around on it i havent noticed any wear on it. overall im completely pleased with this watch for the price it was, id recommend it to anyone.", "This watch has been great for working out and I even haven't had a problem wearing it all day while at work. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was that sometimes I need to use it for an alarm and it's not always loud enough and doesn't go off for very long before shutting off. Other than this minor fault everything else about this watch is fantastic. I definitely recommend looking into this watch if you are considering sports watches.", "Great watch. Times my laps and wakes me up in the morning all while looking quite sharp. Can't beat that!", "I have gotten to use it very little. Has big easy to read numbers, hence the \"Super\" versus the \"Regular\" in the product description. Fits well and is lightweight. Don't need any added weight here. Probably has way more functions than i need. My only gripe is that it is kind of hard to get off with the silicone wrist band I feel like I am going to break it just taking it off. Maybe I should wear it more and break it in?", "Love the watch. Size is perfect and with useful features. Only drawback I see so far is that the time does not appear during the running and training chronos, hence it is easy to loose control of the time.", "This watch is made for right-handed people.  4 of the past 7 presidents have been left-handed.  Can't we get watches?", "I use this watch for coaching soccer and it has met my needs. Also priced well for the options and style.", "Love the watch, love the functions.  I am a novice runner and dont really need lots of functions.  The only complaint was learning how to use the watch.  It didnt come with instructions but I was able to find a set on the internet.  Otherwise I love my nike watch and use it as a daily watch in addition to training.", "Good watch for running - lightweight and has sufficient features for its price. Been using it for a month now and I'm happy with it. Good value for your $$.", "Excellent watch-- shipping was fast, product came brand new in original box, just as advertised.  Would not hesitate to do business again.", "This is a unique watch, unlike any I have ever owned. The numbers are exceptionally large, clear,and easy to read. The angle of the watch makes it easy to read (if you wear it on your left wrist) whether you wear it on the inside or outside of your wrist. When I am timekeeping in the dojo, where light is sometimes low, I can easily see it without even lifting my arm and distracting the group. It is also easy to set the time and to use the special timing modes. Instructions are simple and easy to understand and I have not needed to re-read them.", "The face of the watch on the page makes everything seem a lot more bold than it really is, in my opinion. I like bold numbers especially if there going to be together that close. The way the watch looks on the page I thought was misleading as well, it looks better online if you ask me. I do like how it sits on your wrist though.", "The super model has a HUGE display that makes reading it while on the run easy.  You don't need your glasses to check the time.  Excellent!", "I bought these for my 7th grader that wanted yet another pair of Converse or Vans. I'm so tired of spending the money on those other name brand shoes & they wear out so quick, not to mention they have absolutely no arch support. These Nikes however are GREAT! She loved the color & style & gets so many compliments on them at school. Since these are the winter runners she can walk/run on the wet grass & her socks doesn't get wet. It is nice to have your fashion forward 7th grader not only approve of your purchase, but thank you for it.", "I love these shoes.  They are extremely comfortable to work out in or even just a 3 mile stroll.  I would recommend getting them a 1/2 size larger than your normal shoe size.  I bought these in my true size and they are a little snug.  I bought another color a 1/2 size larger and they are perfect.", "I wear this watch 24/7.  It's got a great look and great functions.  The numbers are large.  The light works great.  You can turn off the sounds so it won't beep when you press a button.  After about a year of wearing it every day it's pretty dirty but its practical use by far outweighs the discoloration.", "I love this watch because it's so stylish and I have yet to see anyone else with it!  Online the watch band looks to be a \"rubber-like\" material, but it is, indeed, a nice sturdy leather.  Another great addition to my watch collection!", "Hey! What can I say? I Love the watch. Love the color. It matches most of my outfits. I would reccomend this to anyone.", "I bought this for my daughter. She had viewed the picture and thought the band was a clamp type. She said that the strap hurt her wrist. Also, when we tried to set it following the diagram, we managed to set the time, but none of the rest - date, stopwatch, etc. The options flashed by without allowing us to change them. It may have been one defective watch, but it was hard to tell if it was that or that we interpreted the pictures incorrectly. I returned the watch.", "I bought the watch because of Lance Armstrong and for its look. Its super cool and easy to wear  all day. Very pleased.", "I like this watch. I think it is original in its design and well made. The scale of it is good and it is very comfortable to wear. The only thing I am not happy with is that the date window is small and difficult to read. The altimeter works well enough and seems to be accurate within a few meters depending on weather conditions.", "I've worn a watch every day since I can remember.  Every year I've bought a new watch because the one I had wore out.  A year ago I bought this Nike watch.  I've worn it every single day since then and there is not one scratch on the screen.  This watch extremely impresses, so much so that I would recommend it to anyone.", "It is a very nice looking watch. My friend likes it more than me because she has a very thin wrist, not mine. But I still like it.", "I bought these shoes for running mostly. I have pretty wide feet and am very picky about my shoes. These shoes feel like I'm running on clouds. They are great. But after a week of wearing them through some sort of work out class at the gym, I notice the threading is loose. I overpaid for them (~120) but they are really comfortable so I would buy again.", "This shoe is a really good find if you are a shoe freak since these shoes are old school and rare on the market these days.  Fits true to size and looks good casually or even with athletic gear.", "I really love these shoes!I can have these shoes on for a week and don't get tiredI can walk as much as forrest gump with them and still feel happy100% recommend it", "I bought these because I was looing for a good running shoe with pretty good support.  I found the construction was good but not enough support.  Not the best nike product.", "Bought these for my son.  He wasn't thrilled with the color initially, but I convinced him they were a quality shoe for a super good price.  His teammates keep asking where he got them, and he tells them he ordered them on Amazon from a company in England, which seems impressive to his friends. Everyone tells him that they are really nice shoes.  Consequently, my son now loves these shoes.  They fit him well; he has a narrow foot, and Nike runs narrow.  They are mesh and clean up very easily, after he has run on muddy, dirty trails.  This was one of my best buys ever.  Thank you, Amazon.", "My second pair I found a style that works for me comfortable and durable light weight I can't say enough good things about these glasses", "I never received my shoes, but the seller is helping me make a claim with fed ex... phew... Im still in the process of receiving anything??", "fits good for running. just as i expected because i have been wearing nike for years and they are comfortable.", "Bought these last weekend from a Nike outlet. Fairly lightweight for a running shoe, and very comfortable to wear. My guess would be that the red/orange will not stay clean long since I normally do my running on an unpaved trail. Even if you are not going to run in them they seem to be great shoes to wear around on a normal basis. Overall, I'm satisfied with these so far.", "I have had these same kind of shoes before so I knew they would fit a little tight but not to the extent that they hurt your feet.  After a while they loosen up.", "Hard to find all black nike's. These are awesome. Love these for work! It is like walking on air. Nice.", "this fit very well. alittle on the smaller size. you would have to wear a few times to have a great fit. however i stil love this product my favorite pair of sneakers to date.", "I bought these shoes for my Mom because she liked mine so much.  My Mom has a very hard time finding shoes that do not hurt her feet.  She said that these are the only tennis shoes that she has ever worn that didn't make her feet ache.  It is well worth the money to be pain free.", "This watch is really easy to use as well as stylish. The band seems very durable. It's a great sports watch. Overall I am really pleased with the purchase!!!", "I returned it right away.  It was too small and felt cheap and flimsy.  It felt like a fleamarket knock-off.", "Same sizing as original air kukini from 2000.  My feet are sensitive to \"the wrong shoes\" so I was relieved these were just as comfortable.  Would buy more pairs in the future!", "I bought half size larger, still tight. Hope will getting loose after wearing for a while. Sole is soft for running, light weight.", "Hey Fair n NY, I think you may want to get an X-ray on those knees! These shoes have excellent grip, which is definitely needed for gym or street ball. I'm \"Fair in LA\" with these size 11kicks!", "This is a watch and a wireless iPod remote, intended to use with your Nike+ adapter connected in your iPod and shoe.As a watch, it's has a very cool look, but it's not quite usable, because everytime you need to see what time is it, you have to press a button an see rolling the hour and the the minutes. And in open sunlight the LCDs can't be seen easily, so you have to catch or make a shade to see the info. This two things could make a no-go for some people.As a remote, it works absolutely flawlessly with every iPod I've tested, the unique exceptions are the iPhone (2G or 3G version), and the iPod Touch (Gen. 1 and 2), but I believe that with the latter (iPod Touch 2G) some solution can be done via software update, because this device has the Nike+ receiver inside, but no option to sync.Besides this issues, training feedback, switching song, setting volume and playing your selected Power Song works incredible, so this accessory becomes the perfect companion in your training sessions, and a useful iPod mate in the everyday routine, because it make easier and more accesible to have the control of your music in the iPod.I can recommend it wholeheartedly to every people who can't train or go in their lives with the music they love in their ears, like me.UPDATE: Apple solved the 2G iPod Touch issue, and now it works perfectly with it, you just have to download the latest firmware, and be sure you are connected to the shoe receiver.There's a new version that upgrades the wireless capabilities, and changes the string, but nothing else.", "The remote watch simply doesn't work.  After trying unsuccessfully to sync it to my iPod, I took it to an Apple Store, where several technicians also were not able to sync it.  They tried all kinds of combinations, and were able to determine that the watch is defective and the problem was not with my iPod.  I have been e-mailing the manufacturer, but so far have not gotten a replacement or a refund.  Purchasing the remote watch has just been a major hassle!!", "These shoes were a great deal, and a good purchase for $89. I have had Nike Air Max 360's in the past and absolutly loved that shoe. I just wish Nike had not changed the III's toe box, more narrow:( I dont have crazy wide feet, but prefer a little more room in the toe box. I will buy the 360's when they are re-released by Nike, for the benefit of a wider toe box. If you dont need the wider toe room, get these, they are a great shoe, lots of cushion and comfort, great looking shoe as well. But I need something that performs, not just something pretty to wear.", "I put 300-350 miles on these shoes while training for a marathon and then keeping in shape over the winter.  Almost all of my miles were on concrete or asphalt, with a bit on flat dirt trails.  I wear an 11.5 in running shoes; these were true to size.  I'm a mild overpronator, not heavy.My previous shoes gave out on me near the peak of my marathon training (who can blame them), and I hadn't been crazy about the fit anyway, so I switched to these.  They're light, feel fast, and have a nice, glovelike fit.  I wish the toebox was slightly roomier, but that's my only complaint.  This older shoe probably isn't long for this world, but I'll be keeping an eye on the Zoom Elite series from Nike -- it's a good line.", "This is my second of this model because I love the styling so much. I first bought the black (smoke color) version 2 years ago directly from Nike, and felt this one which is called glacier-blue color would be a nice complement for a change.  They are identical in style and function; however the 2 fit quite differently. The older one fits snugly on my small-medium size women's wrist, whereas this new one is loose, and the face is even slightly (1mm) wider, so these must have been made in different factories under different manufacturing tolerances.  They are both comfortable, and I get compliments all the time.  Just need to be more careful with the newer (looser-fitting) one to not get the end caught and flip off your wrist.  I consider it a \"dressy\" sports watch.", "I bought this for my wife and she loves it!She is a PE Teacher and can't believe she didn't buy one of these sooner.", "I LOVE THIS WATCH.  I had one about 2 years ago and lost it so I was lucky enough to find another one on Amazon.  I like it for a variety of reasons.  It has the basic watch essentials; alarm, stopwatch, date, and it's water resistant.  It is also very unique!  I haven't met anyone else who has one like it.  I have the clear watch and wear with everything... in fact the only time I have taken it off was for my wedding.  If you're sceptical about the band, don't be.  It is flexible and secure without being a nuisance.  My wrist is six inches in diameter and it fits perfectly.  This is the perfect functional/fashionable watch!", "This is the second time we've given this watch a try.  Both times it has lasted less than a year.  Would not recommend this watch.", "I love this watch! It stays on just fine throughout the day and I feel lost without it!", "I am really enjoying wearing this watch.  It's comfortable and cool looking.  I get compliments on it, too!", "My teen daughter loves this watch.  I gave it only four stars, however, since she insists on linking a thread between the watch \"arms\" to ensure it won't fall off.  Our problem may be due to the fact that my daughter has a very slim wrist.  The watch has not yet come off-she just worries that it will.Love the color and face shape-the watch does look good on her wrist.", "I've had this watch for about a year and I got it because it wasn't as fugly as other watches and it displayed the time, day of the week, and date (which is great for college students who don't want to think/look @ their phones, or what not).I've been pretty happy with it until the band broke. One part broke off when i was in a hurry to get changed and it got caught and snapped. The other part of that same side of the cuff broke when i was studying and accidentally put too much pressure on it into the desk and it broke ;(. This doesn't happen with 'normal' banded watches.Currently its duct taped, but I'll need to order another one soon.*** edit/ addition *****... sadly just days after posting this, the battery died too. It only lasted a year, so now i really need to order another one... ******", "This watch is perfect for working out and running.  The Cuff style band makes it light and flexible on your wrist. It does not move all around your wrist as you move like a traditional sport watch with a buckle hole band which I totally love.  I always get compliments on the sleek design.  I hope this style never gets discontinued because it is literally my favorite sport watch I've ever owned and I've owned a few!!", "I am not pleased with this watch.  I'm not sure if it doesn't meet my expectations because I am left-handed, thus wearing the watch on my right hand, or because I just don't like it.  It seems more difficult to read while running rather than easier.  I had my husband try it on (he is right-handed), and he seemed to like it a bit better than I did.  So, I guess my advice is not to get this watch if you are left-handed or wear your watch on you right hand!", "I've had this watch for awhile now and I love it!  I like that it's stylish enough to wear in most situations and with most outfits but, more importantly, I love the sensible, practical features.  For starters, it's even smaller than it looks on the website and it's so light I sometimes forget I'm wearing it.  But despite being light it's not at all flimsy, which is important in a running watch.  Next, the band that keeps the strap in place locks on to the strap which is very convenient.  But my very favorite feature is the waterproofing.  I accidentally wore the watch in the shower which can fry even the best waterproof watch, and it came out fine.  Also, most watches are no longer waterproof after you change the battery because you have to remove the little screws that hold back in place and that can ruin the seal. But to change the battery on this watch you only have to remove cover, which is the kind you turn with a coin and locks into place after you're done.  All in all, everything about this watch is convenient and well planned out.  I strongly recommend buying this watch!", "This is an excellent watch.  I am a nurse and busy Mom and wear this watch 24/7 for the last year and a half.  Since it is on my wrist all the time it has cosmetic damage like dings and scratches and needs to be replaced.  The watch fits great, is comfortable, and serves my needs.  I also receive many compliments on this watch and it's interesting look.  And I'm excited I found it here.  Lovelovelove it!", "I really love watches. I'd probably have a watch for every day of the month, but I like 'good' watches and that habit could get expensive.I've been looking at this watch for over a year and was really pleased to see it go on sale ... I plan to keep it but I'm not all that pleased.The angle is nearly 90 degrees and 45 degrees would be better. It fits weird on my wrist and since the band is 'melded' with the watch there would be no replacing the band.I find it cumbersome to wear (exept having the face on the 'inside' of your wrist) and the buttons are a pain.The picture looks very sleek but for everyday use it looks pretty silly.", "The watch is really cute but because of the odd orientation it cuts into your wrist a little and is actually hard to read.", "I love my Nike Triax Mia Running watch. It's stylish and sporty, so you knock off two birds with one stone!", "Absolutely love these running shoes. I have wide feet and there is plenty of room in the toebox. Also have great impact cushioning. However I dont think they make this particular model anymore", "I ordered this shoe and received a Nike Free 5 that looks nothing like this shoe..very disappointed, now this shoe is not available.", "My boyfriend really enjoys these boots and is on his third pair. They last along time and a great if you work or stand on your feet a lot.", "I bought these for police work - they say the key to police work is comfortable foot wear. They're light weight, and easy to keep looking nice. Indoors they allow me to walk much quieter than a clunky work boot. I will definitely buy another pair.", "This is my 2nd air of this shoe, and it gives  the support and durability I require.  Great style, easy lacing and easy care.", "Thank you for your prompt and precise service on this item they are hard to find in my area under 160.00 and i appreciate it thanks!!!!!!", "had a really hard time finding a good boot for work but ever since i got the acg, my foot hasnt hurt one bit. I love these boots and will continue using it for the future", "This shoe color is very match!  the size is very fit! The quality is a best for a first choice! But the prices so expensive!", "this boots are warm and comfortable. Now I drive everywhere I go so the warm part is partly due tp the heat of my car. But I love the boots and they are good looking too.", "these boots are the best. after chronic foot pain for many years, the first week no pain. can't say enough good things to NIKE!", "Nike ACG is the most comfortable boot you can wear...i had arthritis pain in my left foot...but since i been wearing ACG or even Nike airmax sneakers...the pain is gone!! real talk", "I've been wearing these on a foot patrol for the last 6 months. I walk between 4 and 8 miles per day in them, in all sorts of conditions, and they're holding up well.  On my feet for over 8 hours a day and the comfort is there too. Only criticism is that they can get a little hot in warmer weather, but since they're waterproof, I'd expect that. Speaking of waterproof, that's a claim that these boots absolutely live up to.", "I use them for my job as well as for personal use. You might need a insert if you stand on your feet for 5 plus hours straight but otherwise these shoes are as advertised.", "Best work boot EVER!BACKGROUNDI started wearing Nike's in high school in 1989. After that I wore various other Nike sneakers for work shoes since 1994.About 2 and a half years ago or so I developed chronic foot pain, also known as plantar fasciitis.As a result of this I began wearing the Nike Air MAX 90, (which were the most comfortable Nike's I could find) for my work shoes for the last year and a half.I also began wearing Pinnacle Prostep insoles along with the Air Max 90. This combination along with wool (thick cushioned) socks is very comfortableAs you can tell have always been loyal to the Nike brand. I've tried a few other brands of shoes along the way but none gave me as much comfort as Nike's.Recently I started looking for a good looking, comfortable work boot. The first boot I looked at was the Timberland Pro 6\" Helix boots with \"anti fatigue\". This boot comes with a built in thick foam cushioning inside the shoe underneath the insole. A feature I've never seen on any other shoe/boot. The insole in this boot is pretty good too. Not your standard cheapo insole that come in most shoes.The foam cushioning in the Timberland had evenly spaced holes in it which reminded me of the Air pad that comes in the Nike Air Max.I normally wear a 10, but I put my Pinnacle insoles in a pair of 10.5 Tim's and tried them on with my wool sock and they were very comfortable! Two things about the Timberland's that I did not like. The style and they seemed awfully heavy. I bought them anyway. After I got home with them my wife helped me to see that a black boot would go better with my work uniform than the brown boot which I purchased.So I returned them to Sears and got my $143 back. I went online and found the Timberland's in black!But then something happened!I remembered when I was in high school and I saw a nice pair of Nike boot's and I wanted them. So I started googleing. Bam! I found the Nike ACG GOADOME and read all the reviews on Nike's site and here on Amazon. Then I ordered them.REVIEW!They just came in and I put in my Pinnacle Prostep insoles without removing the Nike insoles. I'm also wearing my wool socks. I immediately walked around and I can not believe how much better these boots compare to any other shoe I've ever worn. So comfortable I think I'll buy a few more to wear when I'm not working.I hope Nike never discontinues this boot!I'll try to add to this review in a month.... around Christmas and let you know how they are holding up.UPDATEWell after wearing these boots for the first few days my left ankle became sore because of the boot rubbing against it. I figured that I would have to break them in soI kept on wearing them and now they feel fine.As others have mentioned I find myself wearing these boots all the time now...because they are so comfortable. I need to order another pair for casual wear, or two!", "Well let me start by saying this is my second pair of these boots. They were so comfortable I had to get another pair. They held up pretty good seeing that I wore them five days a week for about 2 1/2 years for work.", "Im a 39 yr old auto mechanic. I've worn wolverine, timberland pro, fila sneakers, brahma. Excellent boot. I put $3 foam insoles in mine. Wear from sunrise to bedtime. Buy these!", "Aunque en la descripcion dice botitas, pues son calcetines chiquititos los compre para mi recien baby, y pues son Nike, son de muy buena calidad son bastante suavecitos, y el empaque en el que vienen pues es muy bueno, mi madre quedo encantada por la presentacion , y fueron los unos que encontre en esta marca!", "These were a great price and fit. No problems and much happiness to the wearer.", "I just bought the new version of the Nike+ Sportsband at Nike Town, and I have to say I LOVE it. I've heard negative things about the first generation but so far the new second generation is great! I don't have Nike+ running shoes so I bought a Nathan pocket from REI and the accuracy is right on straight from the box. Syncs flawlessly to my Mac and keeps track of all my data via the [...] site.", "The Nike Sportband is amazing.  I was using a public website or my car to try to figure out how many miles I was running.  This does your distance, pace, calories and time of the run.  It keeps weekly totals for the current week and a total of all miles ran.  It's also a watch.  This is a great product for its price and itstead of buying a $300 Garmin watch, you can do the Nike Sportband.  Apparently Nike has shoes where the sensor will fit under the insole.  However, my Nikes are old so I just bought a little pouch that goes on your laces.  I don't even feel it.  Plus Nike support is amazing.  My sensor was not working when I bought it and Nike shipped me a new one, free of charge, in like two days.", "My daughter uses these shoes for Volleyball and P.E.  She loves them and they look good too!  She said she feels like they help her jump higher and she said she liked the added height she feels while wearing them.  Overall, outstanding!", "i did buy this shoes to go mountain bike riding love the shoes this is the type of shoes i like for my montain bike riding ...", "These were now coming into style when I got them for my daughters. They are both active so I didn't expect much life out of them. As it turned out  they got an entire year of wear to school. this was remarkable as I usually don't regard nike shoes as being durable.", "Loved it. Fits my son perfectly. However too much unnecessary packaging which adds to the total weight of the item.", "The shoe was bought for my son to wear to school for Physical Education.  The shoe is nice but for some strange reason the rubber part at the front has started peeling and the material around that area is cracking up.  I am a little dissapointed as he has not work the shoe fives times.  For a sneakers that price for a 5 year old I do expect to get value for money expecially since the air force one he wore for the entire year last year is still in good condition except that they dont fit him anymore. My husband and I really liked that sneakers and went to almost every mall and every sports store in Ft Lauderdale and Tampa in search of the size and colour that we needed.  Now to be faced with this problem after such a short time is very disheartening.  I do hope that it will hold up for him to wear for a longer period.", "This shoe is just as advertised.  The fit was perfect and my grandson has no problem with it.  We received it promptly and the packaging was good.  I will not hesitate to buy from this vendor again.  I am very satisfied.", "Love the shoes! Though I think it's a little bit heavy, but the design and color for me is perfect. I wear this almost everyday LOL! Thanks Amazon!", "Classic Nike 360 Air Max shoe, ivory with gold trim.  Loved it for running and now for use at Gold's Gym weight lifting.  Expensive but long lasting and the engineering seems to be the best.  The air heel area can wear and perforate but it is unlikely - send back to the seller for a full refund if this happens.", "This will be the 3rd pair of these that i've bought. They are like wearing slippers. I go through them so quick that I have to buy a new pair every year. The top of the foot is a little rough until you break them in. Buy a little bigger then normal because they'll be a little tight as first.I still have the first pair I bought almost 4 years ago and they're still as comfortable as when I bought them, despite all the holes in them. Being memory foam and not soft rubber like most sandles, they wear around the toes like normal shoes do. I've taken them hiking, biking, walking you name it. They are not slip resistant though so beware aroud pools and what not. They are becoming harder and harder to find though so buy while you can. I'm thinking of buying another pair just so I have some the next year.", "There were only a few choice colors available for this sandle but the color I chose was just right for my son.", "Bought these for my husband and wish I had bought some for myself!  He loves them!  They have an incredible cushion that makes them extremely confortable and the look is awesome!", "The  problem I have with men's Nike comfort slide 2 sandals , it keeps sliding on one side as I walk. If I had to run for my life with this sandals, I would be in big trouble .", "Foam is really soft, provides great support. Fits easily. Style has major swag. Well worth the money spent. Great value.", "Comfort Slides are extremely snug and comfortable to wear.  The soft padding is very soft and feels good during casual wear.", "Super, super, s u p e r  soft cushion. Feels like you're walking on air (or water if you're Jesus). Great stocking stuffer, and or thanksgiving gift. Size is true to specs!", "Just wanted something loose and comfortable for around the house and casual wear.  Shipped fast, comfortable, look good and the price is right.", "These sandals have a memory foam feel underfoot- you couldn't ask for a more comfortable fitting sandal. They run true to size. Highly recommended.", "These sandals are amazing. I normally try to stay away from products that are \"brand specific\" or popular because of a brand name, but the moment I tried my friend's pair I knew I had to buy it. I began wearing these shoes in high school not only because they were fashionable but because they were highly comfortable. I was on the basketball team and because my lack of height would require me to exert more force when dunking I developed jumper's knee. These bad boys allowed me to bear through the pain of jumper's knee by providing excellent padding. These shoes are 5 stars because the con isn't really a con... Using the sandals to play sports is a big no no. During PE I tried dunking with these slippers on only to have my foot undo the strap and launch my self backwards Charlie Brown Style.", "I'll start off by saying I didn't purchase these from Amazon, I bought them in store. That being said, these sandals are probably one of the most comfortable pair I've ever purchased. The only con I can state about them is that they do need cleaning pretty often. My feet tend to sweat when I'm wearing them since the memory foam on the bottom retains heat, which is why I personally need to clean them often.", "These shoes are awesome. Very very very comfortable and well worth the price. I looked everywhere for these shoes and couldn't find them anywhere. They were even sold out on nike.com. I was elated to see that Amazon had them and bought them immediately! Needless to say, I am extremely happy with my purchase.", "I use to purchase New Balance running shoes but their quality is the same or less than it has been and they feel that their prices should have doubled.  These shoes were worth the $20 more than what my normal running shoes cost now.  They fit comfortably and are great on the feet when combined with some impact absorbing socks.", "When they arrived they looked even better than I thought. They are very comfy, feat true to size and look very stylish.", "These boots were very cute, and very nice quality.  I had trouble with the sizing.  I normally wear a 6 in Nike (a 5 1/2) in other shoes, but everyone kept saying that these run small, especially in the calves.  I am very athletic, so I decided to get them in a 7 instead of the 6 (they only run in whole sizes).  The seven was a little big in my foot, but with a thick sock I probably would have been okay.  The calf was still too small.  These would have been great, but if you have larger calves, you will want to try them on in the store first, in order to skip the hassle of sending them back.", "It fits perfect. Very comfortable shoes. I recommend its use for trail running and also in any synthetic field sport.", "I have owned this Nike Blade watch model WC0037 for 7 months. It is a very neat watch. Unfortunately it broke and I don't know how. One evening I remove it from my wrist and notice the black bubber wrist band had separated from the body at the rear battery cover. The entire rubber/plastic hinge had cracked. This wrist band is not replaceable. I wore this watch daily to my office job. A sports watch should be made rugged. This one is not. Lesson learned is to buy a watch which has a standard replacable wrist band.", "I purchased this watch (new) twice- the exact same color and style; once directly from a sporting goods store and the second time from Amazon.  The first one lasted about 7-8 months and the second, only about 6 months before the band broke; it breaks/completely cracks along the side of the watch face.  Yes, the watch's style and look is wonderful, but there is a major flaw in the band design. It disappointing and frustrating.  I am a runner and longtime exerciser and it just does not hold up.  Nice looking, but I would discourage anyone from buying it! Don't buy it.", "Great comfort and style.  If you are active and playing sports this watch is nice.  The only downside is the buttons on the watch and the timer and alarm take a little longer to adjust and set.  Not nearly as fast as my old timex, just wasn't as quick and responsive.  But besides that still very good.", "My son loves these.  They fit pretty true to his shoe size.  Fashionable and good quality product. And he's a teenager so hard to please.", "I am an ultra runner who runs over 500 miles a month. I run barefoot style and have been using the Nike free line for over 4 years and have tried all the models. I like them all but the run 2, which feels like a slipper, is my favorite. They are also the longest lasting shoe I have ever owned which is important to me. If you can find a shield version they last even longer. Great Shoe!", "Not sure if it's the suede or what, but theses sneakers grew too much once broken in. They are decent, but wouldn't call them 'boots'. More like hightop sneakers.", "Love the fit and feel.  Typical Nike sizing fit as ordered.  I bought two pairs and prefer the lighter rust over the darker brown for scratches.", "I bought these boots based on reviews I had read online and have to say, everyone was right! They are so comfortable and fit you as if you are wearing your running shoes (i'm a big Nike Shox fan so all my running shoes are Nike Shox based).  They protect your ankles and in cold, wet weather, keep your feet dry and warm.  I plan on getting these in several colors as no other boot compares for quality and price.  They are lightweight boots too which is an added advantage!", "Nike Air Max Goadome (GS) ACG Big Kids Boots 311567-001 Black 3.5 M US fits perfect, its strong and nice,", "This is supposed to be a running shoe, can't even stand in this shoe for more than an hour. HATE IT!!!!", "This shoe like all other Nike purchases stand the test of my 13 year old son. Unfortunately while he has now moved into a size 12, this shoe seems a slightly smaller or more snug fir than the others. I suggest buying at least a half size bigger to ensure that you can get the utmost out of these trainers. Comfort and durability are to be expected and Nike does not fail to deliver", "I ordered these shoes last week. Got them. They are great all my friends give me compliments. The only thing is that I ordered 2 day shipping and got them in a weeek. Other than that great shoes", "ok i got these from foot locker for 145 so amazon is a ripoff on this item just go get them i got mine same color everything love them the insides are so nice i coucl sleep in them so nice... BUY THEM AT FOOTLOCKER 145$ SAME EXACT THING I GOT DERBY VER SAME COLORS AS IN PICTURE", "Love the colors get a lot of compliments on them. But do run small might want to get a half size bigger, I wore them twice and was ready to take them off before the night was over both times.", "I bought this as a gift for my bf for our anniversary because he's been raving about it, and I can't wait to give it to him! They're gorgeous!", "I very thought I would purchase as pair of baskeball shoes over $100 but I did.  My daughter loves them.", "this was a great choice to buy these shoes they fit and look every well with my clothes buy it", "So there is no doubt that these are authentic shoes but they are B Grades. Or at least the pair i received was. if you dont know what a B grade is it is a shoe that was made by nike but in the factory when they made it it was not perfect. There was one little flaw. instead of tossing the pair nike finds somewhere to sell it besides one of there stores such as this amazon seller. The shoes fit fine there are no flaws to prove that they are replicas (fakes) but there is a clear flaw that is just a factory mistake by nike. I would post a picture if i could and you would see what i mean. When the shoes are on your feet and you look down at them right where the tip of the nike swoosh is (side closest to the toe of the shoe) there is a kind of curve in the charcol part that follows the curv. on one shoe the curv is perfect and pointed at the end like the nike swoosh but on the other shoe it is rounded and dosent have that same point. it is just a clear poor mistake by nike because if they were replicas these would be the best replicas ever made. Besides that they are some cool kicks but i wouldnt pay the full price for them if they are B grades. I would suggest buying them elsewhere. I am the only one who notices it but i feel like i was cheated of some of the money i spent on them. there very comfortable and i will still wear them till they wear out. you could still buy them but fully inspect the shoe before wearing them because once u wear them u are stuck with them they can not be refunded.", "I really love the sneakers it fitted just right and was what i expected thanks again and i will be shopping for more very soon.", "the edge is a little stiff so it rubs at first but then it wears in. The toe box is wider then expected which is quite comfortable. I did hear the shoe is being discontinued?", "I wanted nike dance shoes, but also something I can wear every day, and that's what I got. I recommend it", "I have previously bought these shoes before so I knew exactly what I was getting.  DSW was out of size 10 so I had to buy these for $20.00 more from this seller.  The mark up sucks but I guess that's supply and demand for you", "So far I have worn these shoes to 5 Zumba classes and they are GREAT!  I had been wearing Nike cross trainers and noticed that my feet would sometimes slide while doing certain steps.  My feet stay in place.  These shoes are very comfortable, they run a little big.  Buying these in a 1/2 size smaller wouldn't be a bad idea.  I have very narrow feet with a high arch.  These shoes are perfect.", "I was going to return it before I try it. Once putting on, it looks amazing(I seldom wear sports shoes, but this one is really good-looking). The shoes are made of good material and it is really comfortable when jumping and moving. I am happy to get it.", "I work at a hospital and these are great and give me the support I need for a long day", "I was feeling pain in my knees after starting a zumba class until I bought these, no more pain, and I read the reviews and am thankful because I have a narrow foot so knew these would be a great fit!!", "I am ready to purchase my second pair of these Nike Musique IV's for Zumba ~ along with other cardio classes.  They are lightweight, they pivot great, they've lasted a long long time.  I'm hard on shoes and also need quality support for some old ankle injuries.  These have held up impressively through six days a week of class (and errand) wear. (for about a year!)  There is plenty of space for my toes even with my thick Thorlo socks.  Sometimes I wear an 8 or a 7.5 (Merrell's) - an \"8\" fits my foot perfectly.  I am very very happy with these!", "I usually wear a size 10 in sneakers and have plenty of room with problem feet.  These sneakers were way too tight.  I sent them back.  I have ordered a size larger in the hopes that will help.  We will see when I get them how they fit.", "I like how Nike has all these sizes and they fit just right. Can't wait to use it for dance class", "I bought these a 1/2 size larger because I have a wide foot. Normally I wear a 7 however, my toe almost reaches the front sothey do run a little small, especially if adding socks etc. Comfortable on first wearing and work-out. I would recommendthis product.", "I got to Zumba twice a week and ordered these a year and a half ago. Well, they finally needed replacing so I thought I'd try a different shoe. The other shoes hurt my feet and it made me realize how great these are for me. I have wide flat feet without arches and these give me enough support throughout my foot. I feel supported and my feet don't hurt after zumba. In my other shoes, that wasn't the case. I recommend these.", "I really tried to like these shoes, but they hurt my feet terribly when I did Zumba in them!  I gave it a good effort to try to &#34;break them in,&#34; however, they are just not flexible and do not allow your feet to breathe. After only one or two songs, my feet were killing me! I finally kicked them off in my last Zumba class and went barefoot, which was definitely more preferable than wearing these shoes.  I'm so disappointed in them because I had seen good reviews of them for Zumba. These shoes are pricey are definitely NOT WORTH IT!!!", "Love, Love, Love these.  This is my second pair, the first being in black.  The have a great stylish shape, coverage and stay secure. Good price for this product.", "These are quite comfortable, and look great. They have thick arm bands but not too thick. I'm a huge fan of tortoise shell, so maybe I'm partial to begin with though..The case and cloth are a nice addition as well.Highly recommend these.", "I love my new shoes! I'm a commuter in Chicago, so I typically walk about a mile a day between the train station and my job. These shoes provide the perfect support for my daily walking commute and also my jogs on the days I actually get the time to get outside.The sizing is as I expected. I typically take between an 8 and 8 1/2, depending on the brand of shoe, and I know you should order a 1/2 size up to allow for swelling of the feet while exercising. I ordered an 8 1/2 and they fit perfectly.Also, almost the best part, is that I got them for $20-$40 cheaper than most other websites I looked at online! Can't beat that!I highly recommend these shoes!", "The shoes were as advertised and the length was fine.  The only thing I have a problem with is the arch support on the left shoe is not glued down and it pushes up on the inside of my foot and it hurts.", "Super comfortable, best running shoes i have purchased so far, get lots of compliments on the fading of the black and white", "These are the most comfortable running shoes that I have ever worn!  Right out of the box, I wore them immediately on the treadmill without walking around in them to &#34;break them in&#34;, and I have worn them ever since.  However, please note-I do my running inside on a treadmill, which was why I bought them to begin with.  I never intended these shoes for running outdoors, and judging by their material, I don't think that they are really meant to be used outdoors (or in inclement weather like rain or snow or even on a really cold day), but what do I know?  If possible, I would like to hear from others who have worn these outdoors and I'd like to know what they think (even if they are wearing a more recent version like Free Run 4 or 5, which I assume is made from better materials).  Also, I'm wearing these with inserts from Dr. Scholl's (&#34;Active Sport&#34;), and it is working out fine.  I JUST LOVE THESE SHOES!  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.", "I love these shoes, they are perfect. Very comfy especially since I'm on my feet all day at work. It's wierd that they don't have a tongue but it only makes them fit better.", "After you break them in, it feels great and comfortable. I got these because I needed some athletic shoes since I love to play sports. However, the front of it seems to wear off quite quickly. I've worn it nearly everyday for a few weeks, did a lot of activities and a few days of volleyball and tennis. I also feel (as another customer stated previously) that this may be a knockoff of the real Nike Free Run 2. I checked the real Nike site of this same shoe and they have white shoelaces and it looks slightly different than this shoe sold here.. Otherwise, these are still good & comfortable shoes. Maybe not worth around $100. Possibly cheaper someplace else.", "These shoes fit me perfectly. My feet are size 6.5. It was the smartest choice getting these shoes because I love how it looks and feels. They're very comfortable, gives good support and molds with my feet. I sprain my ankle a lot but I haven't had any issues since I got these.", "They are a little smaller than I expected, but with one wearing have stretched just enough to fit perfectly (with thin socks)...These are &#34;slip ons&#34; and are really confy.", "This is a gift for my mom. She said it fits perfectly and feels light and so comfortable !!! Really recommend this if you have a foot problems ! The shoe also came Early as expected ! Over all its Perfect !! Thank you WebZon!!!  love it.", "Great shoe.Bought a pair last year.I  where them for zumba class . Love them so much wore them out had to find same shoe .Had tough time finding until i look on Amazon.Thanks you Amazon . Made my biryhday.", "Nice comfortable. Thanks. My grandson thanks u too. He's running like the wind  he's not complaining his feet hurt either", "My son used these shoes for a long time, his foot grew but the shoes are in very good condition. I highly recommend this product to protect my child's ankle of several scratches when playing.", "These shoes came in within 3 days from when I ordered them and are exactly what I wanted.  They look awesome on my husband!", "Since I bought this my husband has not gotten out of it. He says it's very comfortable, therefore it was a great buy", "These shoes are nice and comfortable they match well with any casual or sporty look. I would recommend these for purchase.", "It fit's my husband's feet perfectly and he is very happy with them. They are comfortable and short break-in period.", "I've been wearing these for a month and not only do I love them, but the feeling is mutual.  Mind you it was a give and take in the beginning, we had to work out our differences, but they are so smooth it's all worth it.  It's a good relationship, we get compliments all the time.Our issues centered on 2 points, neither a deal breaker.  The first is that the leather across the toe will quickly develop slight creases; they won't stay perfect like you see in the picture.  Initially I thought I might send them back, but they did not get worse and really do not take away from the look of the shoe.  I don't even notice them now.The second issue has more to do with me than with the shoe, but the footbed is quite flat.  I had hoped it might fit more like a Nike athletic shoe which always feels good to my large arches, but these did not.  No worries, I purchasedSuperfeet Black Premium Insolesand baby, we were on our way.  Initially I tried cheap Dr. Scholls but they made it worse.  Superfeet are expensive, yes, but the end result was a shoe with the look I wanted and the feel I needed.  Maybe you won't need that though, which would be great for you.  You won't regret your purchase because these kicks sweet.", "I like them, they are very comfortable shoes. I think Nike shoes are the best ones out there anyway. So when I order them I knew they would be some good shoes.", "Son loves them he wears them all the time came out of box perfect fit which was great for a young teen", "It's pretty good and fit and comfortable. A bit expensive though, but worthy. Shipment is also fast. I like it very much.", "i bought this for a mother's day gift and when it arrived i really liked it.  but, i felt the item was overpriced!!  it is attractive and totally suitable for the gym, but i found others at a better price.", "These sunglasses look good, are durable, and the view through them is excellent and clear, especially for driving. What's not to like?", "The shoes almost feel fake, there is hardly any padding in the shoe. After one game of 21 i had no skin on the top of my toes. Overall horrible for any type of activity", "I used these shoes for a bit...So far I like what I'm seeing...they feel light, have good traction, and look good as well.", "These shoes are so wide compared to other Nike's that they are sloppy.  I would have returned mine but I spilled coffee on them the first time that I tried them out.  Someone at Goodwill is getting a new pair of shoes.", "love the shoes ....but....i wore them once and the inner soles of the shoes peeled off...makes me question weather or not they are actually nike shoes.", "My son likes the feel and look of the cleat and I liked the price", "bien l j gh f d  s df tr g g bn j i i j h t er s s l", "These shoes was as expected. I love air force ones because they are easy to clean and looks really good on my 5 year old son.", "what does the size 10M US little kids mean and what size would be best for me to choose for a child(girl) who wears size 9", "I love Nike but this has to be one of the most uncomfortable pair I own.  They look nice, but hard on the feet.", "This item was purchased and received quickly and with no problems. I strongly recomend anyone looking to get a comfortable pair of sunglasses to order through Amazon.com, because they know their stuff to get the job done right.", "Nice glasses. Too small for my wide sporting needs. Need better coverage for winter and windy sports.", "These are great retro shoes (the same model and color as my first pair of Nikes back in Junior High!), but be warned:  they run VERY small.  I needed a full size larger, maybe even a size and a half, larger than my normal size.", "Air Cortez is the ORIGINAL Nike shoe created those many decades ago.  And to this day, it still shines as a set of kicks that scream style. These shoes are truly legends and I love that Nike is continuing their retro collections. This blue version fits great and looks great!", "These shoes are crazy comfortable, but don't ignore the other reviewer's advice on buying a size larger, because they do run small.Product arrived promptly and exactly as advertised.100% Satisfied.", "I am glad I read other peoples reviews and I ordered my self 1/2 a size bigger.  These fit great.  a little narrow for my wide feet.  Once broken in they are awesome.", "I love these shoes! I have a pair in grey/silver as well and they just fit my feet perfectly. I even got a set of white laces with them should I decide to switch from the blue ones. Fast delivery,too! Great seller! Thanks!", "I bought these for my boyfriend. He wanted a classic style that was light weight and comfy. They are all of the above. He has gotten plenty of compliments on them too.", "I could not find these shoes where I live in my size.I ordered these off of Amazon and it was exactly what I wanted.", "Trained in them back in the 70s. So good to put them back on again; after all the fancy nonsense, these fit like a glove and roll along. Not sure why Nike doesn't keep making these in the traditional design - red swoosh and blue wedge. I guess it's just me and Forrest Gump!", "I like this shoes but the size seems smaller than other shoes. You might want to order a half or one size bigger than your usual size.", "i love white shoes but this one just get's dirty to fastthe shoe looks ever nice tho i don't mean getting a other one but a black one this time", "The shoes are classics that I wanted, the package arrived timely and proper packaging. The shoes are of the size that I always use but do not understand because they are somewhat smaller than usual.", "love these reminds me of 1970's  nice sneakers and comfortable they are my going out tonight sneakers to party.  ha", "i purchased these for my boyfriends bday i could not find his shoe size (14) at local stores. i was so happy to find them here! great material and very nice shipping was fast! my boyfriend loved them and he has had them for almost a year and in great condition very durable!", "quede fascinada con estos zapatos, el color y el dise&ntilde;o cubrieron mis expectativas son los de corte cl&aacute;sico que deseaba tener nuevamente", "I haven't seen this style of Nike in any stores for many years so I was surprised to find them again.  They arrived within a week and were exactly what I had ordered.  Very impressed!", "I got these for my husband as he will wear no other brand or type. Excellent price compared to local stores.", "Bought these for my grandson, 15, for school.  He says he loves them.  They fit well and are very comfortable.", "these shoes are so confortable and the price is so good, this product is excelent.thank you.", "These are some durable, good looking and very comfy sneakers. Highly recommend to anyone who likes them.Nike knows exactly how your feet to be treated.", "i love it ,i received many compliments from friends and family and it is very comfortable and worth every dollar i paid for it.", "Shoes are as nice as the ones I wore years ago when gas was a dollar. Great throwbacks to have on deck!", "I bought Nike free run for my son (not at Amazon though) and I paid around 88 $. Guess what, within 6 months, one shoe ripped on the side!! If I pay 88$ for a shoe, I expect it to last at least a couple years. AND NO, my son did not indulge in any sort of activity that would have caused it to rip!! I would not recommend that people buy this shoe. Not worth the money!!! Hope Nike gets this message.", "this is my 3rd pair of Nike Free Run 2 and just like the others they're awesome.  These are different than the others because of the suede type look.  Probably rock these with jeans", "The shoe has no tongue.  The body of the show wraps completely around the top and what should be the tongue is an integral part of the body.  I have high arches and when the laces are eased out, the body still can not open far enough to insert my foot.  (My mouth has a tongue so getting my foot there is a regular occurrence.)I don't hate the shoe (per the one star comment that I cannot change), but it is not wearable on my feet.", "These are great shoes.  True to size and excellent running/casual sneakers that are great for walking, running, and working out.", "Bought these because i needed gray shoes to walk in all day.I'm also a runner, but don't run in these.  However, I would.", "The shoes look great and fit my son's size 12.5 feet well.  He is really happy with them and says they are comfortable.  These are his everyday shoes.", "I bought these for my 17 year old son,  who has wide feet with a high arch.  He said they are very comfortable and is thrilled with them.", "I had a pair of these sneakers that I purchased a few years ago and were old so needed a new pair.  Nike doesn't make these anymore so found them on Amazon.  Item was in the expected condition (new) so I'm happy with this purchase.", "Item was in great condition. New. Still had tag. Fit well. Looks just like the picture. Good for the price.", "Product goes well with the cool colors of spring and summer!  Nice Quality and would most certainly recommend this product.. May even order another pair (Different color of coarse)", "these are the best slippers, anybody that likes comfort and light weight should definitely purchase these.  They start off kind of tight but after a couple of uses they are meant for your feet.", "They look really great, love the black on black color combo. Just a few issues caused me to return.1. The band that goes over your foot does adjust (look closely at the picture and you will see what I mean).2. Didnt seem very comfortable. The rubber seemed very stiff. Maybe they loosen up over time.3. I usually wear size 12 and the 12 seemed way too small.I was looking for something comfortable to wear around the house with sock.These are my observations, they didnt work for me, but might work for you.", "Fit very well and comfortable. They are worn everyday with and without socks. Will definately purchase another pair in the future.", "I bought these in need of a new pair of lounging sandals and they are nice just one concern. I wear a size 12 men's and I ordered a size 13 just to be safe....lets just say the 13 is barely fitting perfectly. If i would have gotten my original size 12 I would be sending these back. I should have gotten a size 14 for optimum comfort but I'm pretty satisfied. Order big!", "I dont have wide feet or ever wear wides but,these were too small. Cant even break them in because there too small.", "Good product! Great Christmas gift. Great value for the price. Everything was as expected. Product looks nice and fits great!", "Bought these for my daughter who plays sports.  There were shiped and recieved in 4 days, they do run SMALL.  My daughter is a women 9.5 so i orderd a womans 10/Mens 8 and they barly fit.", "Quality of the slipper was fine except for the fit.  I normally wear a size 11.5 but ordered a size 12.  Fit was very snug and narrow.", "The shoes look nice but as previously posted the band across the shoe is pretty snug i am hoping it is just because their new and will loosen in time", "These sneakers fit comfortably, my son likes it and it great for his physical education class.  I got them specifically for school so he has only worn them once.  I can tell that he is very comfortable wearing them.", "I ordered my sneakers and when I received them I was very pleased. Seller shipped quickly, I have ordered before from the west coast and living in Florida it usually takes a week or more but not this time. Sneakers were the Air Jordan 2009. Very beautiful shoe, brand new as described but most importantly they were 100% authentic!", "I've had this watch a little over a year, and yesterday the wrist band actually broke as I was taking the watch off. The watch itself is still functional. The plastic is extremely thick and seems really durable, so I was pretty shocked when I broke the wrist band. Also, if your wrist is on the bigger side (like mine), the wrist band is on the tight side and is not adjustable. If I'm wearing it all day, I tend to take it off a lot to return the circulation to my wrist. The watch itself is super cute, and I got lots of compliments/comments on it.", "These Nike golf shoes have lasted me over two full summers of golf. They never leaked or tore, never lost or broken a spike. They are waterproof, stylish, and provide great footing in any terrain or difficult lie.They are not, however, very comfortable. I wear a size 13 and my feet are average width, but these shoes felt tight throughout the middle and very tight around the toe. I would often stop after nine holes and take them off to stretch out my toes before relacing them. The insole is worthless and might actually be part of the problem. I removed the insole and replaced it with a Dr. Scholl's and noticed an immediate improvement in comfort. The shoe felt roomier too.The laces are another poor feature. They tend to slip and not stay tight while walking.", "These running shoes are the most comfortable pair I have ever had!  I'm in them all day and I can't complain!Oh, and I love the color!  I get so many compliments.  You will not be disappointed with these if you should purchase them.  Thank you Nike for making comfortable sneakers for this Mom!", "great shoes!  I was afraid the color was too bright, and it's not at all.  they are very cool & fit well.  I recommend them.", "I had the vomero - 5's and ordered these ; I loved them so much this is actually my SECOND pair!", "I ordered these shoes a week before a half marathon because I popped my Air Max running shoes. I was so worried about blisters and not having time to break them in properly but they were awesome,I had no problems at all. The purple is fun, and the shoes are squishy and excellent at absorbing shock. I have thin feet and high arches, and the fit was nice (they're true to size, I ordered a half size up to run hills, but I could have gone with my size if I were just wearing them casually).", "I have bought this shoe from the first design, this is the worst.  The cross the top seam digs into the foot and the heel is too high.  for the first time in years I am going to look outside of Nike.  too bad as I love the large toe box and cushioning they offer.", "Wear these should to work every day! I'm on my feet all day long and they are very comfortable! :)", "Really like fits good, size just right. soles are thick enough to rum or walk in. Good brand of shoes", "If Nike changed this design then it super worked for me. I have narrow feet with sky high arches. I'm a runner but not a marathoner just to put things in perspective. I got mine at Fleet Feet because of my special needs feet. I just can't walk into a discount store and buy what's on the shelf unfortunately. The lady at the store said I tend to put my weight on the outside edges of my feet because of my arches so I need a neutral shoe like this one to place my feet in the proper position for running. I can definitely see how this shoe would not work for a wide foot. It perfectly hugged my narrow one. Great cushioning in the heel which I needed and also in the middle of the foot which is my striking point (I think that's what the lady called it???) My old Nike Pegasus shoes, which I still love, only had that cushioning in the heel whereas this one is all over the bottom of the shoe. Good high impact shoe for my foot type. Hope this helps!", "superdope, super comfortable, great all around style, tells others you just like the finest, and, what else can/ scratch that.. could be said about the worlds best chillin' shoe!!", "This is a great shoe fits very nicely, is very light, and most important very comfortable. Will definitely buy another pair in the future maybe a different color.", "Shoes are Christmas present. Looks like on the picture, everuthing is perfect. Only thing - box was really destroyed, doesnt look like new, but shoes are ok. Thank you.", "I caught these shoes when they were on sale for 99.00. I don't know how it happened, but as soon as I saw them, I had to get them. They fit great, They look super clean, and there has not been a day I wore them that somebody has not complimented me on them. The downside is that they get dirty really quickly, so I bought some protective spray to keep the dirt and scuff marks off. I recommend these shoes to anybody who wants a super comfortable and super clean pair of shoes for everyday wear.", "I've been wearing Nikes for years, and these are the most comfortable I've ever worn.  They're great running shoes, and on top of everything else they just look cool.  Within a few days after my first pair arrived, I was back on Amazon buying a second, even though I had to purchase them from a seller at a higher price.  Worth every penny.", "The shoe heel cup is too low, the tongue is too flimsy, the sole wears out too quickly at the heel, the inner sole is too light weight and $180 is too much as a retail price.The 2009 shoe air max 360 was one of the best.  $180 should be perfect and super supportive and cool looking.  2013 is NOT even close.", "Wore these to work for a day, will never do that again. These shoes are meant for narrow feet, wish they made that more apparent. Besides that I think they are over-priced for the build quality and comfort level.", "Most comfortable shoes I've ever bought! Love the unique color and want them in another color! Really pleased with them!", "I'm a bigger, football built kind of guy.  6' 235, 25% body fat.  I ran on these shoes and popped them after three days.  I popped a second pair after three more runs.  The cushioning is unparalleled and I love the look.  The shoe is just not meant to be pushed by a football size guy.", "Very comfortable and a great fit. These runners are not water resistant in any fashion so avoid puddles!  However despite this they are warm without being hot ..", "Nike trascendi&oacute; con estos zapatos, compre dos pares, de verdad que se siente el confort tengo problemas en la espalda y con estos zapatos, caminar es m&aacute;s agradable.Lenin Betancourt.Venezuela", "i love these sneakers fit great and very comfortable  my next sneaker will be a walking sneaker i wear size 11.5", "If you think they are bright in the picture... You should see them in person. As much as it is hard to believe, the bright, neon colors of the '80's are coming back around. The first day I wore these out in public, I caught several compliments off of these shoes. I am not the one to brag, and with these shoes I do not have to. It seems that shoe fanatics already know that these shoes are pricey because I am told that I am crazy for spending such a pretty penny on these bad boys, but they always have to declare that they wish that they could afford them. My business just hit a huge stride so I splurged myself with three pairs of these awesome shoes. If you can afford them and you are contemplating purchasing a pair... Do yourself a favor and scoop these up. They are super comfortable, look great and you will feel like a million bucks when you slide these on your feet.", "super comfy shoes, crazy style; the dark sand and splatter paint area is enjoyably rough and durable - interesting texture in general.", "Shoes fit well and where comfortable but the bottom sole of the shoe at the red shox came apart after 2 weeks. Got a pair of Reebok Zigs and never looked back,I love my ZIGS......", "These shoes are pretty narrow, so be wary if you have wide feet, but these are light and have taken quite a beating.  I like how much they breathe as I sweat a ton; if your feet get cold, these might need to be your fair-weather shoes.  There is an air-pocket under the forefoot which adds some great softness when trying to learn how to run \"correctly\" (forefoot-strike).  I use the Nike+ with my iPod and that has helped me stay on pace and it is surprisingly accurate (measured w/in a % against gmap-pedometer.com).  Trail-running in the Air Pegasus has been great, the waffle design on the sole keeps me sure-footed.  I did spray some scotchguard on the front to keep any dew from seeping in through the mesh.  I'm a novice runner, so when these die, I'll try something else but my expectations are now very high.", "I just  want to say that I  developed  a habit to  pick  some of  NIKE stuff  out  in  guy's  section cause  for  some unknown reason company make  their  outfits so much more comfortable and useful then  ladies. Not  that  I do not  like woman's outfits it's just when you are  looking for  something  not  SO  reveling ( for outdoors ) and not the less - the sexier you are  at  lost. So one day I  did run in to this cool t-shirt. Dont  know  really  why  not  to  make  the  same  for  us  girls. It is  just  as tight and hi-tech looking , plus has  great vent due to that patch  on the  back. I think it is  part  of \"COMBAT\" line or  something like that. Any how , it was so great that I  went  and  order  another two. Take it from  the fitness profy - you will feel very  comfortable  in it. And if  you are just  like  me  5.8 130lb  order S size that would fit perfectly.Cheers)))", "these shoes , if we talk about look , they are the bomb , the colors , my favorite , and they are very good for who have hill problems , like me , but I would like just a little bit lighter weight , I'm getting old , and I love very light shoes , if you are looking for light shoes , don't buy shox.", "The shoes are amazing, love the colors, the shape And the weight. I definitely would buy another pair like this one", "good, excellent shoe, very nice product, in line with expectations, striking and original design. Coloration photography, pleased with the quality of nike.", "These shoes are so light and unconstructed that you forget you have them on.  I live in a very hot part of the country, so they're great for keeping my feet cool while running, walking or just hanging around.  They're best worn with very light socks or no socks at all. I wouldnt recommend them for classes in the gym where you're doing lunges or jumping, but otherwise I've really enjoyed them.", "I have nike free run 2s that i love and thought these would be even better. New style, cute color, etc. Nope! I ran my typical 3 mile and suffered major heel pain (like walking on a bone bruise) in both feet for an entire week afterwards. Guess I wont be wearing these to run. Maybe to take kids to park. Major bummer!", "These shoes feel so good on, I wear them almost daily, they've replaced my old walking shoes & I plan to get another pair. Cute, too!", "This product is great. Exactly what I wanted and ordered. I love the Nike Free Run+ 3! I got the grey and blu ones- they are perfect.", "color was just as the picture described it. very comfortable a little pricey but overall satisfied. would recommend to anyone interested in this product.", "Just went for a run in my new Nike free runs. No shin splints, no sore feet. These are great running shoes. I could go another four miles easily! I will definitely buy these again!", "I loooooove these shoes. I ran in them once and they already felt broke in. They are so light and comfy. They completely conform to my feet so I am able to lace them a little looser than most pairs of running shoes. I love the grips on the bottoms! They allow me to go from track, to road, to grass, to cross training. Great shoes! Nike hit a home run this time!", "Zapatos de muy buena calidad, recibido en buenas condiciones y el color elegido, muy c&oacute;modos para caminar y correr, fue un regalo para mi esposa", "THIS PRODUCT IS VERY GOOD, BECAUSE IT'S SOFT AND CONFORTABLE. THE COMBINATION OF COLOR IS FINE. IT'S THE BEST OF NIKE", "Nike FreeRuns are amazing-- they give my feet ample space in the toes (and I have borderline wide feet) arch support, and a almost running barefoot feeling-- without feeling like a nail could go through the shoe easily and give you tetanus.Love these. Will keep buying them as long as I need running shoes.", "They are the perfect size and very comfortable....my foot looks like they are pointing inward though...and no its not my feet, its the way the trainers are shaped..", "Light weight and very comfortable. Fits like a glove. Little snug and bought 1/2 size bigger than normal. Might want to try on in the store first. Love my Nike!!!", "Shoe showed up in brand new box like it came right from the store. Exactly what was in the picture.", "I tried these on in a store and thought they were so comfortable and liked the blue color. I decided to order on amazon.com and when I got them I thought the color was brighter than ones I have previously tried on in stores. Other than the color being a little too bright, these are very comfortable. The sole has alot of give which makes walking easy and enjoyable. Really like the shoes, just gave it a 4 star rating because of the color. A little hard to wear with jeans if you don't have the right top to go with this bright color.", "ZAPATOS NIKE AIR ES LO MEJOR QUE HE COMPRADO EN CUANTO COMODIDA CONFOR EXCELENTE CALIDAD Y BUEN PRECIO TOTALMENTE NUEVO 100% RECOMENDADO ORIGINALES Y EL ENVIO FUE DE INMEDIATO Y TAL CUAL COMO SE VE EN LA FOTO. DESDE  GUARENAS VENEZUELA.", "Well I got them for a gift but I liked that the shipping was on time ill let you know what I think when they use them they looked like good quality shoes thanks for asking", "This slipper was bought as a gift for a friend. Great fit, light weight, adjustable slipper that offers great comfort and true to size. Perfect for a man with swag. This slipper rocks with shorts...a cool, casual blend.", "Awesome boyfriend loved them ! It fit him perfect and it came as expected which is great that it did.", "This is a must buy if your looking for a pair of slides that will support your feet!  Warning!!!! They do get dirty and stain easy", "These slides feel really good like when you try them on it doesn't feel right then 10 mins later it feels good they get dirty easy so be careful also the cleaning is pretty easy if you have a paper towel and some water you should be alright that works for me so if you don't want the white bottom where you put your feet on dirty don't step any where dirty then sweat with it sports are ok.", "I recieved my order in about 6 days, all the way to Japan.&#12288;The sandles were in perfect condition with the new shoe smell. I love how comfertable they feel on my feet. The Jordan Hydro 2 (white) stand out and look very cool. I will be buying the black and red sandles as well. Thanks.......Q.Thompson", "Very light and comfortable shoe. My son likes the design and has had many compliments. He is very hard on his shoes and they are holding out very well.", "I truly do love these ACG boots.  Great color, (I love purple) and extremely durable.  I plan to use them all winter and then some.", "I was very happy with these sneakers.  They were a gift to my friend and he loves them.  feels very comfortable to walk in. thanks!", "Beware the item has two sets of pictures.I had clicked and ordered the one with the black nike check mark but instead received the one with the solid white check instead.Kind of misleading.Shipping was fast.I guess thats what I get for ordering shoes online.", "Men's Nike Shox Turbo-The shoes were as described and arrived before expected date. My husband loves these shoes! He says they're the most comfortable pair he's owned.", "First the seller was fantastic but the the size 10 was a bit tight for me although 10 was my actual size. I feel with time it will expand. So I advise any size 10 to order ten and half.Except for that,the shoe was okay.", "money well spent!! I have enjoyed the shoes, very comfortable and good shoes to run in. size was a perfect fit.", "What I was looking for  nice fit my husband loves them order the nike air max boots for him next", "Ok. Size is ok, but only on the fingers is litle bit tight, but, i think because are new.Color is awsome, size is original, lightweith, but strong, very good on the legs, i like realy this Nike :-). I hope i will order another paar of this boots. Waterproof, material is great, outsole soft...pure 10 points :-).And...order is comming very feast, eveen i order to Afghanistan USMC base :-).", "(NEW!)Label this review so customers know you purchased this item at Amazon.Learn more  Also label your reviews for other items purchased at Amazon.Receive e-mail when customers comment on your reviews.", "If running is your thing, this is the shoe! One of the best running shoes ever. Congratulations Nike. I have always considered Asics the best brand for running shoes, but Nike has now reached its best!Have just run a half marathon with them and felt really comfortable.", "I bought these shoes for my sister for her birthday. She loves them and said they are so stylish with her cloths. (She is a big shoe freak) I loved the fact that amazon delivered them to her door and have gift options for people who order. My sister lives 3 states away and it was so helpful to be able to do that option instead of sending it to my house, then me wrapping it and mailing it to her. I only had to pay one shipping and was able to get the gift to her on time thanks to Amazon!", "The price was great, the shoes fit great and look nice.  They are comfortable and he likes that he can wear them with multiple outfits.", "My kids love this shoe but it was gray and not black. But works well for school they both love it.", "I love the Nike Turbo style shoes and I hope they continue to make them for a long time. I use them for working out at the gym and power walking. Because feet swell when doing vigorous exercising, I always order a half size larger than I typically wear. They have excellent support and I hope to get many miles out of them.", "I had already a pair of Equalon... since those were already bad I decided to go for a ones. I have never feel such comfort in shoes...You feel like you are flying with the shoes. Good cushioning, nice colors, good ventilation and you have the Nike+ tech.Highly recommended if you are a pronator", "was very nice with fast shippment, It was a resonable price and it caught me eye immediatly. The item was great the item fits great.", "I have had this shoe before and I loved it. It lasted me three years through college and was the most comfortable shoe I ever owned, so I was excited when I found it again.The problem is the shoe is already falling apart as the seams on the top of shoe have come a part and the heel on one of the shoes has started to separate from the sole of the shoe. I have only had the shoes for about 3 months.The shoes are still extremely comfortable,but I am repairing them with super glue every other week.", "These shoes are comfortable, fit well and don't hurt my feet.  I don't like the color, though.", "very hard bad for your feet, like standing on hard floor and fake item. not happy with them at all and paying to much money not worth the price could get much better shous for that price.", "These nike blazer mid has great color and fabric. The size is true. But the first few times I wore these shoes, my feet hurt... After a couple times of wearing, I feel great!", "I have always been a Nike shox kind of guy and these by far are the best I have bought. They are very sharp and comfortable. I would definatly recommend them.", "I have always worn nike shoes. I am a loyal buyer of nike shoes. This however is the worst nike shoe I have ever purchased. Not only is the shoe like paper thin, but the shoe is so narrow I almost broke my foot putting it on. I have never been so unhappy with a shoe ever, And I have purchased some cheap shoes in my day. But these take the cake.", "This shoe runs very small, I purchased a size 11 but like everything made in Indonesia, China, and Vietnam, they are made by small people for small people. I had to give them to my nephew who wears a 9 1/2 and they fit perfect. Order a larger size!", "I found these particular sneakers better looking in person than I had hoped. I absolutely love them. Very comfortable and the color combination gets compliments everywhere I go. The quality of customer service was excellent, I intent to continue buying from FITSnKICKZ", "my son so love his sneakers, its fit him perfect, exactly as shown on the net, I am look to get another in a different color.", "Look great fit great. Son has received several compliments. Very satisfied. First time ordering sneakers online for my son and I am very pleased.", "these Nikes are not comfortable at all these Nikes hurt my foot these Nikes is the worst ever save your money on the shoes", "fits comfortable but  not quite sure if the seller sells authentic because the base of the sneaker i got is yellowish. Makes the sneaker look old!", "I have always had tight achilles tendons and sometimes plantar fasciitis as a result.  I am 61 years old and the problems with my feet have gotten worse in recent years.  My feet are finally starting to feel better after using these shoes.  I can run four miles in these shoes and my feet won't hurt the next day or even the evening of the day of the run, unlike with other shoes.  I can do a little more high impact in aerobics class and not have my feet hurting following class.  I don't know how much is the shoes and how much is my finally following a stretching routine religiously, but I bought three pairs of these and I basically don't wear any other shoe now if I can avoid it.  Also they are just more comfortable than any other shoe I have ever run or worked out in.  Don't know how they will hold up on longer runs but at least I believe I'll finally be able to do some longer runs again.", "These shoes are awesome out of the box. They fit great, look great, and most importantly feel great. But, for shoes made by a company like Nike and at a price around $100, these shoes should last at least some amount of time. I have had mine now for about two months and I do run in them (they are running shoes) and multiple different areas of the shoes are comning apart. The bottom rubber on the shoe is peeling off in multiple spots and I had to get super glue to get it to stay on. Some of the seams holding the part of the shoe that connects the shoe lace part of the shoe is coming undone and it is only a matter of time before they may be less usable. Overall, I like the shoes because Nike Shox are awesome, but I have had Shox before that did not fall apart like these.", "I had foot pain playing basketball until I replaced my new balance shoes with these.  Now my feet don't hurt. Also they have a nice velcro thing that tucks away the shoe laces.", "White on white classics! This shoe never goes out of style. They are very comfortable and match everything! A must have for the summer. Good packaging and fast delivery.", "It looks,fits, and smells like a sneaker... it must be a sneaker.  I wonder how old the child was and what country the child was in that made this shoe, as well as how much were they paid?", "This Shoes Are Stylist and Comfortable! ......Only Thang I Should Have Got Them A Half Size Smaller!......Other Than That Great Shoe!  :~)", "Shoes fit perfectly. I'm always skeptical but these worked out great. The color is just as shown, shipping was on time, i have no complaints about this product at all!", "I brought these sneakers 5 years ago, and I still get compliments. Don't sleep on these. Never saw anyone rock these yet.", "I will never order from this company Tilly's ever again and you shouldnt either if you are military or any other person living overseas.", "The delivery was prompt and a little girl is happy.  The sneakers are excellent.  She is very happy!  She picked them out to start school.", "The shoe looks great,but looks can be deceiving.By the end of the day after wearing them i couldnt wait to get them off.They are very snug fitting and narrow at the toes.I had to wash them and stuff the toes to stretch them out.They feel somewhat better now.When someone compliments on them I say they look better than they feel! I would not buy another pair.", "My job keeps me on my feet for many hours.  I have tried other shoes and Nike Shox are the only ones that I have been satisfied with.  I don't have back aches, my feet and legs feel great after working for 8-12 hours at a time.  In the past 4 years I have purchased 10-12 pairs of Nike Shox.  I have 6 pairs at the moment.  Everyone at my job owns Nike Shox.  They are amazing shoes.", "I love the look of the shoe but I think the sizes run a little small. Word limits are stupid.", "It is so comfortable amd it fitted as expected. I really like nike's running shoes. It is one of the best I had.", "I broke a lot of mile stones in these shoes, 10, 13.1, 15 mile runs with numerous 5 to 8 mile runs in between. They are light, well made. and relatively inexpensive! I took a star off because they are failing much sooner than expected. I have at MOST 225 miles on them, however I will be buying another pair!", "love this pair, they are light and very confe... stylish too, I get lots of compliments.I usually wear shoes size 12. This particular shoe runs small, I had to exchange them for a size 13 instead.", "Those shoes where exactly what I wanted.That's why I ordered them.There is not surprise here...Enjoy them too !", "Been working and running in them for the past week or so and they've preformed really well.  They're incredibly light,  you can barely feel them while running.  About the only downside is they don't have the best traction,  I'd recommend them mainly for gym use or street running.", "The Shoe is very light and comfortable.  I also think it is a very good looking shoe.  It is perfect for the gym environment.  I personally would not use this shoe for outdoor running.  I'm very hard on running shoes and I don't think they would last very long.  for how I'm using the shoe 5 stars.  for outdoor running 3 stars", "I love these shoes to run but they don't last longer than other expensive running shoes. The cushioning on the heels area get bad under 200 miles of use.", "Like this shoe very much. Had them delivered to Afghanistan during my deployment and love running in them. Only issues I have out here is little stones get in the grooves of the sole when running sometimes. This can be a little annoying and have to pluck them out once in a while. Overall very good running shoe.", "Too small for my feet and they were toNarrow cut off circulation to my feet. I don't want the pair", "have held up well and still look great after weeks of constant use.  A good, sturdy shoe! Have held up at seams well.", "These were very wonderful shoes.  I use them for cross training.  Very light weight and comfortable.  They've been very durable.  Happy with purchase.", "My son has soccer practice every day and two games a week. Cleats get muddy and soaking wet daily. I like that I can wash them in a sink and place on hot water pipes near the furnace to dry. They dry fast and are ready to go by early morning.We've been buying basically the same model of cleats for at least 3 years, just getting the next bigger size in the current year's model release. They fit my son's feet well, are soft and sturdy, and don't need to be broken in. He was playing comfortably from the first time he put these cleats on.", "excellent soccer boot for the price. very soft leather, comparable to kangaroo leather. able to have great touch on the ball and nice to finally have a boot with no tongue flap. true to size. first time wearing nike soccer shoes as i have been an adidas loyalist forever.hard pressed to be picking up some adidas boots anytime soon.great boots for those of you playing up front as forwards, like myself...", "Glad to say I'm parting with these shoes today.  Paid $100 for them at an outlet store.  The comfort lasted a week tops. The inside was not made for human feet.  Totally uncomfortable in the arches, therefore had to buy insoles.  Never in my life did I have to buy insoles before.  I believe these shoes caused much foot and leg pain, as well has hip injuries during exercise.  I will never buy Nike again.  Just purchased Reebok Runtones, and feel the difference in my feet already.  NO PAIN!!!!!!!  This is what a shoe is supposed to fee like!", "This sneaker is comfortable, Classicly designed, and usually priced pretty fair.I have bunion issues, and planter fasciaitis, and these never let me down.", "I was, frankly, very disappointed with the quality of these shoes.  Very skimpy and cheaply made.  To pay $89.00 for something that probably cost less than $5 to make was the reason I sent them back.", "Always have been a Nike fan and I love these sneakers. They're not bulky and great for running and walking. They're comfortable and light and the best NIKEs I ever purchased.", "Wasn't the same color when it came in the mail .. It fits just the color is ugly ..not what I was hoping for ..", "This shoe is good looking, but it has no arch support at all. The bottom is completely flat, which hurts my feet when I walk around. And for some reason these shoes give me smelly feet. My feet never usually smell, but for some reason these make them.. weird.", "i love this shoes fit perfec , i got alot of compliment on it on worknike i love you :)", "So lightweight and breathable, you'll never understand why you wore anything else. Absolutely love them, worth every penny. You almost feel like you're not wearing sneakers at all!", "I have had soo many compliments every time I wear these shoes-- the colors are awesome. They ran a tad bit big- i probably could have gotten away with a half size smaller but didnt want to wait for another pair. Seller was super fast at sending and I didnt pay for express shipping.", "Great for flat feet. Light, quality material...great shoe! I'm a bartender and they're perfect for someone who's on their feet all the time.  Very stylish and durable. Love them!", "Just got them yesterday and already made 2 long walks.Very light, very soft inside so from day 1 you can wear them all day. Fits great - I'm usually 5.5, but is sports shoes I always take 1/2 size bigger, and so I did in this case.", "the shoe did not flex int eh locations that i felt that they needed to. the cut into my toes and the schools soul was too stiff as well.", "When they say benassi is not the soft cushions , more hard rubber, for the price not worth it. Not what I wanted", "These are my go-to slippers. After the gym, around the house, to the store, any time really. I love these slip ons!", "After browsing around in actual shoe stores for weeks in search for these and failing miserably in finding the right size and price for them, I took to Amazon as my last act of hope. I must say that should've been my first instinct. Not only are slides reasonably priced, they had a broader range of sizes. These shoes are very comfortable and overall a great buy.", "These were the ones my granddaughter actually wanted.  the Other ones were too small and not the style she asked for. She lovers these!", "These slip on sandals are not very comfortablethe bottom insoles have little uncomfortablebumps and the plastic type material makes the sandalssweaty feeling to the feet. Sorry wished I would havenot purchased them.", "This was as perfect or even better than what I expected!  Comfortable, fits your foot nicely and I can wear and walk for hours!", "Purchased these for use in hotel shower, and also as slippers in the hotel room. Can't stand the idea of being barefoot in a hotel shower or even walking in my socks on a hotel room floor!  Previously I used flip flops (the between-the-toes kind), but I found myself slipping in them. I also used to bring fuzzy slippers for walking in the hotel room...but nowadays luggage space is a premium. Needed a pair of slides that works dual as shower and hotel floor protection.These nikes aren't going to work for the shower. The material on the underside of the strap are not waterproof. Water is held in there for a while...takes at least overnight to dry.I'm still looking for the perfect slides for travel. In the meantime, I'm using these around the house as an indoor slipper.These are comfy, and my feet don't seem to slip in them (with or without socks on). I like that these don't have those rubber nub things on the foot bed like the common slides. I read that those can be painful even when wearing a short amount of time.", "it's a very nice type of nike shoe, comfortable. Only have a precausion to order half or one size bigger than you are, cause this type of shoe is not so wide.", "Nike made a fine boot in the GTX ACG Goretex. I searched numerous boots, ranging from all these name brands: The North Face, Arc'Teryx, Marmont, Columbia, Merrell, Asolo, Saloman and nothing came close fit, quality, price.They actually don't feel like boots and are fashionable, unlike the other brands. If you're looking for a solid/sturdy gortex fashionable boot, I'd recommend these.", "The cushioned foam insoles are very nice.  Size is as expected. I wear them inside while standing on hard tile floors for extended periods", "I found these slides too stiff and tight. They are cute though. Sent them back because of the poor fit and I found it very hard to walk in them due to the stiffness of the shoe. Company took them back without a problem.", "My daughter and I love these. They are cushy and flexible. We love the blue with the black. They also form to your foot. Great shoe!!", "She loves them.  She asked me for them last year fpor her birthday and I forgot.  She won't take them off!", "i have horribly aching feet for the last few months,and only had basic flip-flops to wear for slip ons. the picture of this shoe.and the reviews and the great sale price are what actually got the shoe purchase by me. the shoes arrived on time,great packaging,new,just like the picture.perfect fit.order to size.they're comfy! so ive had them about 3 months now,and worn them almost everyday this summer.i have kinda wide feet at the toes so they are almost to narrow ,But the Velcro adjusts easily(and is still in great Velcro shape) the padding seemed to be a type of gel and has (deflated or lost alot of gelantasis properties(mostly only in my big toes area. alot of grime tends to gather in between the gel cushion(but that could be just from my wear and tear of them or my foot cleanliness. also i do notice that at the base of the straps its pulling apart bad.this happened about a week in to wearing them.ill probably glue the straps so they dont fall off.they are so cute. they're styllin. from the hip hop girl to the golf granny seriously they are good lookin. so id recommend this shoe to anyone who needs comport and support in a sporty sandle!", "I thought they would be a size 7 but there not a regular 7 they dont fit, wish I could trade for a size bigger", "They are so comfortable and great for around the house! They are my recommended house slippers/slides. They are pretty comfortable and easy to slip right into.", "Hate them they didn't fit write neither if them I really like to return them if I could that would be great", "I have owned 3 pairs of comfort slide nike sandals. These are extremely comfortable and beautiful. I got them as a gift for my fiance and she was in tears when the puppy chewed them up. A little expensive and not great for water at all. But for walking the dog or walking around the house they are great. One other thing to be aware of is that they are hard to clean and if the top layer tears (its thin nylon) at all from scrubbing them. Then you have about 1 week left in the life of them.", "Soft, beautiful, comfortable sandals.  they look really nice on and the padding is phenomenal!  would buy more they are great", "Well, I must say I was very happy when I came into contact with these slides and these colors. First, I was to brag on the color choice amazon offers. I've looked around on other websites and could not find these shoes in the color I  wanted. I ordered the Atomic Teal/Mint/Redwood color and they look great. Teal and mint are very in this season. I normally wear slides with socks when it gets colder so I simply undo the straps and make more room. The shoes do run small which why I ordered a size larger. Nike typically runs small. They are comfortable and good around the house shoes. The price is a little steep but don't let that shy you away from the shoe, you're paying for the Nike name brand. Overall, good buy. I've owned them for about a month now so if there's any drastic changes I'll update my review but other than that these slides are a good buy.", "If you are going to order these add a size or 2 to what you usually wear. I also suggest breaking them in, the sides blister. The memory foam is comfortable but nothing else is.", "They are very comfortable and it helps that they have the strap at the top to adjust the fit. At first, I had problems with these slides though. If the strap was a little too loose, my foot would slide out too easily. But if they were tight enough to keep on my feet but loose enough to have room, the strap would rub against the top of my foot, leaving like a rug burn or something. I think it helps to not walk such long distances at once when you are breaking them in which would probably go for many other shoes for that matter. Now they don't rub at all and they are still adjusted the same, making them even more comfortable. I wear them anytime I just need to make a quick run or if I am running late to classes. They are super convenient and super comfy and I would definitely recommend them to anyone who loves comfort and convenience.", "Very comfortable and cute slides. You can adjust the strap to fit perfectly on you foot. They arrived in perfect condition and on time!", "I have two sets of these.  They are the absolute best sandals I have ever encountered.  The strap is adjustable for secure fit and the sole is padded everywhere.  My first ones have been on my feet daily for 9 months and still feel great.  What a value!", "I think that I will learn to like the way that these fit, but the first time wearing them, they are very narrow and run a little small.  A bit disappointed by the shoe seeing how much this pair of flip flops cost.", "My BF got this one as he didn't like the man's models.He is normally a size 8 and he is very happy with this one.", "TOTALLY AWESOME VERY COMFORTABLE AND I NEED THESE IN EVERY COLOR IMAGINABLE.  IT FITS PERFECT AND IT'S LIKE WALKING ON A CLOUD", "This is an extremely comfy show. I love a good sandal that I can walk long distance in. This is a must have.", "My roommate and I literally laughed out loud when I opened the box. These look like something a little old lady would wear - with socks!", "I absolutely love these, and have ordered them in multiple colours (~10 pairs!). I have Morton's Neuromas in both feet, which are extremely painful, and the cushion in these makes walking much more bearable :)", "I love these shoes, this is my second pair. My great dane ate my first pair. I love these so much!", "I have been looking for this sandal everywhere.  It has been sold out in many stores and too my surprise found my size on Amazon.  Thanks for a smooth transaction, just might order another pair.", "Love, love, love the Nike comfort sandal. This sandal is comfortable, stylish,durable and easy to clean. I own several pairs in numerous colors. I highly recommend this product. My best advice, if you see a color you like buy it before it's gone for the season.", "These are the best thongs! I can wear them all day and never have sore feet. If you need a thong that can be worn for walking this is the shoe for you.", "Who doesn't love a comfy pair of shoes!?  These are so nice to put on your feet and feel like you are walking on air!  Would love in more colors for the summer months!", "I have quite a few of these in different colors.  I take them everywhere and leave a pair at work. Great comfort, looks good and feels sensational.  Affordable as well.", "I really enjoy them!! They are absolutely comfortable to walk in. I prefer to wear them instead of wearing my tennis shoes.", "Love, love, love these flip flops. They have memory foam in the soles, the strap does not chaffe anywhere on my foot or between my toes, which is why I normally do not wear flip flops. And for the final test, I wore the to Walt Disney world, averaged 7 miles a day for 6 days straight and they held up great and kept me from getting blisters. Loved them so much, I ordered 3 more pairs.", "Never had a sandal/thong that I liked this much.  Totally comfortable.  I have 6 pair in different colors.  Please keep carrying them on your site.", "They are very comfortable.. The color is perfect for me as it is one of my favorites. They will last a long time as most Nike products.", "Very comfortable, am actually looking to buy a few more pair, if I can find them at a cheaper price.", "Have 3 pairs now.  Could just live in them all summer. They are well made, very cushioned, look spiffy for thongs.  I have 'problem' feet so comfortable shoes are uber-important to me.  Pricey, but worth it if your feet need TLC.", "These are the best sandals I have ever owned. Word of caution, I purchased a pair from Kohl's that were very inconsistent size wise but I did not return before I wore them too much (my bad).", "I chose Nike thongs for our cruise vacation and wore them everywhere: near pool, at the beach. Love them. Bought another pair for my mom. They are very comfy and well made.", "These  are the best flip flops I have ever had!  these are very comfortable. I  want to buy  every color", "This is my second pair of these Nike Thong Sandals and I just love them.The first pair I wore out and when I got these new ones I had forgotten how cushy they are.Highly recommend.", "Ultimate in comfort, but these flip flops run a smidgen small. I would be more comfortable in a half size larger than I normally wear, but in a time crunch since I'm taking them on a beach vacation.", "I am very pleased with this sandal.  It is holding up really well and I have worn it a LOT.  Very comfortable.  Worth the money.", "I was disappointed in these, I would expect NIKE to make a casual sandal that has cushioning and support more on par with their sneakers.  The gel cushioning feels nice when you first try them on, but after a short time, it's flattened and there is no arch support.  I returned these and bought something similar from another brand.", "My favorite pair of sandals I've ever worn, by a long shot.  Comfortable AND stylish!  Extremely durable as well. Highly recommended.", "These valances are excellent quality and heavier, not light and flimsy like some I have seen. I had to change my order and they had extra courteous customer service and quick delivery!", "these are the best flip flops ever! The are pretty and sooo comfortable. Lots of colors available too! I'm likely to buy more colors now!", "I already had a pair that I had worn out! I live in South Carolina and have a tile floor. I have arthritis in my feet so I wear them constantly around the house. Soooo comfortable. I would highly recommend them.", "The most comfortable footwear I've ever purchased! Period. The moment I set foot in it 8 months ago until this day, (worn them each and every day), I have been in love with this pair. They are so comfortable I don't feel like coming out of these. So much so that I've bought the ice blue ones as well. The pink is exactly as shown in the picture (flashy!) but most of it gets covered underfoot. Fits like a glove.", "I don't like them as well as I thought I would they are very narrow and feel a little loose", "Son las sandalias m&aacute;s c&oacute;modas y elegantes que he tenido....me encantan!.....las uso toooodo el verano!!.....me encantar&iacute;a comprar los dem&aacute;s colores!", "I can't remember if I read other reviews and they said to get the smaller ones or of I just was a rebel. Either way, I am a size 8.5 and I ordered an 8 and they were just a tad to small but so comfy that I make them work. I have sesapoditis so I need comfy thongs and these do the job.", "these turned out as expected anything less would have been a disappointment .the brand and the price and the picture is what gave me my expectations", "I bought this for my granddaughter.  We received it for the first VT game in 2010.  She looks great in it.", "I purchased these shoes on line after trying them on in a store (to ensure correct size choice.) I wouldn't have chosen purple - which is why I gave four stars instead of five - but purple was available for less $ than the other colors. Since they are for line-dancing and (senior) zumba, color really isn't a big deal. In fact, since they came with two pairs of laces, I put the green ones on them for fun.  :) The shoes are lightweight and true-to-size.", "Bought these elsewhere,  because the size range was limited at Amazon,  but I'm so happy with them,  I thought I would review it anyways.I walk a lot and was developing all sorts of foot problems,  but my real problem was that my previous shoes were old and had lost their bounce. These shoes are light,  super comfortable,  supportive and well cushioned.  And now all my foot problems have disappeared.  It's important to replace your shoes before you start having aches and pains or the bad shoe will exacerbate them!  I ordered 3 different pairs of shoes, with the intention of returning two of them,  (I'm a wider size and you can't always find a decent selection in a store) and found that these were the most comfortable and then to my delight realized that they were the cheapest as well.  So these are excellent value too.  I got them in the silver with bright blue swoosh and laces,  and like the look of them as well as the feel.  A very happy customer.", "I did not buy these shoes from Amazon; I did get them from Kohl's. They are extremely comfortable and very true to size. Normally Nike shoes don't fit my feet because they are made very narrow. But I am noticing that they are coming out with wider width shoes. I got these in 9 1/2 wide and they fit like a dream! I am a part time merchandiser, so I am on my feet all day long when I am working. I am running through shoes pretty quickly and need a new pair every few months. I would highly recommend the flex experience run 2 shoes if you are in-between sizes, need comfort, and have a little wider feet.", "A very user friendly watch that is ergonomic and visually pleasing. Extremely light weight watch that allows me to stay within the time margins for completing execise sets. I also like the fact the audible beep is loud enough to be heard (on the hour) but not annoying. Thanx.", "I actually WANTED a nice-looking watch that didn't have a heart monitor. I'm a runner, but I'm not obsessed with my heart rate. I wanted a watch that I wouldn't mind looking at and had some nice features. This one is it.I especially like the auto turn-off option where the watch dims until you press a button. I haven't ran in a while (injury, surprise surprise) and I can trust that this won't die on me while I break from running. I'm ready to go back out now and it's great.I have a small wrist, and it fits fine. It's not something I'd wear for everyday use (the screen timeout thing is optional) but I love it for exercising.", "I was so excited to get this watch. I actually got it on sale for $30 and I'm still disappointed. All the functions on the watch are fine but it's large for a woman's wrist and the face of the watch is angled as such, that when I lift weights on a circuit the flex of my wrist presses the button to stop the stopwatch. The worst thing about the watch is that the plastic is porous and it was only a few days before the yellow turned into a  blackish gray. Now it just looks dirty. :( I am so bummed and I think I'll stick to my trusty Timex Ironman Triathlon for women.", "Thought watch would have a counter (for laps in a pool for example).Also 2 alarms is not enough (but I knew that).Otherwise watch arrived on time and will be used often.", "Great oversize sporty sport watch. The typeface for the time is bold and super easy to read. Push Indiglo button and Wow!, super easy to read in the dark. I like the band and buckle and the little loop gadget that keeps the end of the watch band from being loose. Fun watch. Nike should design this with many more color options.", "Perfect watch for multiple uses, has interval and cron settings which are fairly easy to us. I wish nike still made watches like it. Although it can become difficult to change the battery when needed. Its a overall good buy!", "It doesn't have the heart monitor function and this is the only negative thing about it! It's a really beautiful piece! It's functional, has dual time, dual alarm, chrono, etc, etc, etc... I bought it for my wife and she loved it!", "I got the item very promptly, it was in perfect condition with tags and box, and it retails for about $80 and I paid $35 for it! Fantastic! I wear it every day and I get compliments often, great for working out/ athletics", "I saw a few reviews out there about this product missing the instructions.  I ordered it and had the hardest time finding the instructions and spent some time trying to find them online.  Just as I was packing up to return the item, I noticed the instructions are actually folded and placed in the base of the clear watch holder/stand.  It almost looks like packing material.  I am giving the watch 3 stars to be fair.  I am returning the watch after all for other reasons so I can't really speak of it's efficiency, but I had a hard time trying to get the intervals set up which was the main reason I bought it.  Also, instead of a slim loop to slim the excess watch band into after buckling, there is a small raised knob instead.  I found it a little awkward trying to secure the excess of the band, but I suppose this might be something easily adaptable to after frequent use.  The numbers on the display were large, but not very dark.  I am not sure if there is a purpose to this or if it's just supposed look cooler or something.", "This is my first non Timex running watch.  With my old watches, if it was in night mode the light would come on whenever you hit any button so that you could see what you were doing.  With this watch, that is not true.  There is one button for the light and reset.  This makes it impossible to wake up and reset the alarm in the middle of the night without turning another light on and waking up your husband.I love the run mode which allows you to set pace times for laps.  I also love that you can change the views, which means that you can see the total time or the lap time or the target time - or a combination. There is also an interval mode.  In this mode, you set a rest time.  Run the first \"workout.\" Then, hit stop.  The rest time automatically sets and tells you when to start \"workout\" 2.Great watch, but it could be better if it had a night mode...", "seems to be a pretty sweet watch so far. Not too big for a small ladies wrist and easy to navigate through the different functions.", "Mi intenci&oacute;n no fue adquirir los zapatos para hacer ejercicio. lo hice para comodidad en mi profesi&oacute;n (ortodoncista). realmente son c&oacute;modos,amplios y con buenos materiales. debo recordar que las tallas entre marcas varian, es decir en Nike la tendencia es media talla mas grande que en Adidas (por tomar un ejemplo) mi talla en Adidas es de 12 y en la misma de Nike los siento un poco mas amplios. si usted piensa trotar largas distancias con ellos el pie se inflama y se expande, por lo tanto este factor de talla lo debe considerar.", "This item was sent promptly, and in appropriate packaging.  The quality of the material is comfortable, great price, and it looks great.  I will buy from this company again", "I'm used to great running shoes costing over $100, so I was leary when purchasing these shoes.  I'm a high arched, neutral distance runner, and I love this shoe. It has a really wide toe box which means happy toe nails after a long run.  The cushioning is a lot softer than my other distance shoes.  I don't know if that makes the cushioning less durable, time will tell.  But at the price you pay for these even if they don't last as long you still get your money's worth.  They are also very light weight which makes you forget they are there.  These shoes breathe really well which reduces the number of blisters after a long run.  I always wear a 6.5 narrow in running shoes, bought these in a 6.5 regular width, and they fit me great.", "This shoe looks good, people liked it, but they are kind of too bug, i didnt expect it to be this big, they make your feet look long,", "Bought Goadomes last year and a brown pair of Goaterras this year along with these. Great fit, super comfortable. I polish mine once every week or two. Only kind of boot I buy is Nike boots.", "Shoes arrived very quickly,and it's nice!I like it's color!I'm very satisfied with your service!I will also shopping again!", "This bra offers good support for high impact sports.  I like that it has a front zipper so it is easy to put on and take off.", "I really like this bra.  It's very comfortable and moves really well with my body.  My only complaint is the zipper pull does not hide very well and having the lip around the bottom of the zipper makes it a little hard to get the zipper started.  But these are small inconviences and definitely don't outweigh the comfort.UPDATE:  I ordered this bra for post-op breast augmentation and I don't recommend this one for that purpose.  The bra really pushes the breasts together and I always felt like I looked a little wonky when I took it off.  There are many other better options for augmentation.", "A friend of my daughter asked me to get this for her. It fits well and does the job at the gym.", "I've played sports all my life including running, weightlifting and cycling and this  owns the crown for the worst sneaker I have ever bought. Really stiff and uncomfortable, my ankles were killing me after just a few hours but I kept them thinking they would \" break in \". Well.. they never did... ugh !! Keep in mind that sneaker fit is something unique to each person which is why its important to go to a store and have them check how you walk/run and they can recommend the proper sneaker or insoles for you. They are very durable as I tried my best to kill them but they wouldnt die..lol. I hated these sneakers more than anything I have ever put my feet in.  I finally gave up on them and bought a pair of New Balance 623 and couldnt be happier. Right out of the box the NB felt broken in and after a walk around town my feet felt rejuvenated. With the Nike's I thought that I had developed foot problems but the only problem was the sneaker. My neighbor also had the same model Nike and hated them also, and had the same complaint as me that they were uncomfortable and really made his feet hurt and legs feel tired. So for those that they worked for..wonderful. A side note, my niece is a physical therapist and they always recommend New Balance sneakers.", "These shoes are some of the most comfortable I have ever had. Stylish enough to use for dress occasions. Highly recommend!", "Feels great. I was a 325lbs jogger and they hold up nicely. Im now a 300lb jogger because they are so comfortable to jog in.", "These shoes are some of the nicest shoes I've ever bought in my adult life. (Thanks mom!)LOL. Anyway, back to the shoes. They were my first and only pair of Air Force Ones and I got them back in 2010 and didn't see anyone else wearing them. Haha. They are a much more golden yellow than the bright yellow in the picture so I figured I'd make a quick review and let you all know. Not that they'll be back in stock or anything but a boy (you guys) can dream!Beautiful shoes like I said and I still own them. If only they weren't too tight to fit I'd still rock them to this day.4.5 stars for style3.5 stars for comfort (I have wide feet so these are painful after wearing a while. You would probably be fine with them.)4.25 stars.", "The Nike RT1 - Revolution Trainer 1 was inspired by the Nike Air Trainer 1 model.  You can dress elegantly casual in these Mahogany and Cinder brown, sleek design RT1 High kicks.  They look equally good with Bermuda shorts, Dockers pants or even a pair of 'distressed' jeans!The shoe size runs a little larger in these NIKE RT1 HIGH CASUAL SHOES. (I usually wear 10.5 and 10 was fine).The shoes are Medium width allowing extra comfort for wider feet and the ankle support is as phenomenally comfortable!These leather Nikes are comfortable, durable and stylish.  The rich Mahogany and Cinder brown leather makes these sneakers look more like 'dress shoes' with the comfort of your favorite Nike kicks!These Nike RT1 High kicks are 100% Authentic and a great buy!RECOMMENDED: The Black / White-Light Blue-Dark Grey Nike RT1 High  are 'crazy' comfortable Kicks!", "I own the outdoor mercurial cleat in 9.5 men's. So, imagine my surprise when I order the indoor version of the exact same cleat, in the exact same size, and it's too big?! It really is a great boot, no qualms there, but wth Nike? Seriously?", "Great shoes......... Perfect fit and cushioning......... I just run the Quitos 10k great feeling with them...", "First of all, I absolutely love the design of the shoes. However, being that there Nike, I'm not surprised that I'm disappointed in this purchase. I wear a size 11, and I purchased size 12, and they're so tight they don't even fit my feet. This is probably the worst pair of shoes I've ever bought, and I will never buy another pair of Nike shocks ever again.", "Awesome fit love the shoes if you want to get awesome shoes that fit great then get these shoesBest shoes ever", "(Just to clear this up, I am James Brown's daughter.) I have a narrow foot and these fit perfectly! They are very comfortable, and have a great color combo. They are my favorite out of all the other Nikes I have bought in the past. I do normally wear a sz. 8 and I bought a sz. 8.5. I didn't buy mine from Amazon, I bought mine from a retail store. They were WAY CHEAPER there. I think they were $45 not on sale. I have been so suprised with how clean they have stayed. I would recommend them to anyone.", "light and airy. my feet can feel the wind. my own big toe does get achey. but its my own infirmity not due because of the fine sneaker. car accident did my toe in.", "Good quality with stylish design!  It's a little big heavy on the weight side but our kid loves wearing it.", "Got these for my 10 year old son.He loves them, so do his friends!Durable, well fit and fun.  Great shoes!!!", "12 yr. old had a great season in these cleats.  Was easy to follow on the field because of color.  Highly recomment.", "Fell in love with this sneakers when i first saw it. So i had to get it. Really liked the unusual look. Fit good and feel really comfortable.", "I would rate 5 but every time I play in them, my knees hurt and that never happened with my previous basketball shoes... but it had amazing traction outdoors(haven't played indoors yet) and improves my cuts and overall speed.. these are EASILY the BEST pair of basketball shoes I have ever had!", "I've bought this &#34;superhero&#34; shoe before. They look and fit great. A quality product at a great price. I'm happy.", "I purchased this item as a baby shower gift thinking I was purchasing the shoe in pink as described. The shoe arrived in black and the seller didn't have pink. Little annoyed. Overall the quality was good and the packaging was good.", "My son was absolutely amazed when he received these shoes.  He loves them and now all of his friends want a pair as well.", "My son wanted low tops for school basketball team.  He loves them.  Says they are very comfortable to run in.", "these shoes held up through my teenager who is awful hard on shoes. he said they were comfy and his feet werent sweety anymore", "This is a good shoe but it had been used with little dirt in the bottom and it doesnt have the new shoe smell to it.", "FITS SMALL.VERY CONFORTABLE AND GOOD FOR ALL DAY WEARING.STURDY AND WELL BUILT.SCHOCK ABSORBING SOLE FUNCTIONS WELL.HAVE 2 PAIRS AND APPEARS THEY WILL LAST LONG TIME.SOLE IS SLIPPERY ON DOWNHILL ASPHALT.LOOKS VERY  GOOD.,AND THE PRICE IS COMING DOWN.", "Already a good time to use this shoe and this is showing excellent! Ja had other brand of shoes but all air max + are superior, I am delighted!", "Very comfortable and durable. I use it for running and going to the gym. Takes some adaptation time at first, since the supporting rubbers are rigid but they soften with use.", "The pair hardly lasted six months before the air capsules wore out. The shoes were  uncomfortable to wear and didn't get any better after repeated use. Surprised Nikes shoes could be substandard quality considering the numerous pairs of Nike's I have owned in the past. Its appalling to know I had to pay the price for ordering this pair of shoes.", "I bought these for my son and he still wears them to this day. He swears they are the most comfortable sneakers he has ever owned.  Definitely will recommend to anyone.", "Bought these for all of the athletes in the family.  No more complaints of sore feet or aching backs.  Does not help if you are prone to shin splints.", "Love shox! I need more! The best and most comfortable pair of sneakers on the market. I hope Nike makes more!", "I am a sneaker head and love Bo Jacksons. This shoe is a great fit.  Very comfortable for working out or anytime wear.", "Would not recoomend to anyone. Looks awful, like someone made it on their backyard. Glue and threads all over the sneakers. But that could be seen in the photos, my mistake that not paid attention and used zoom", "good quality and comfortable. this is the second time i buy these shorts. i recommend it for all to try it.", "these shorts suck in my opinion only because when i got them the were much smaller that what the size i got i wanted a large and when it came in and i tryed them on it felt like i was wearing a small/medium but i think they would have been good for working out but i guess i will never know cause i will not wear them ever!!!!", "I Brought this for my boyfriend who  works-out hard and sweats profusely. This fit well and keeps him comfortable. I will will definitely be purchasing more of these.", "This was hard to find online and I originally gave up the search for it, but once Nike added/re-added it, Amazon e-mailed me and I jumped on it. Nike Dri-Fit's shorts are great - I just wanted one plain like this, in these colors. I'm very happy with it.Pockets work well, just wish they had at least one back-pocket.", "Bought these for my son who is very thin, there great as the draw string helped to keep the shorts in place and they look and feel great.", "These are Nike sneakers so i thought they would be good.  They looked great on arrival, but within 3 weeks the red in the front was literally peeling and ripped, and they are poor \"made in China\" quality.  I would not buy these again, and I have serious doubts about all Nike products, but then again maybe these were some excellent made knock-offs.", "Shoes came in a reasonable time and I absolutely enjoy them. I wear them whenever I hip-hop dance and they perform admirably.", "I bought this shoes like one month ago, and actually i feel good the shoes, the shoes was new, i received it on time.", "I used the nike tiempo long time maybe 10 years.The timepo legend III is smaller then Legend II.After I got it, I gave to my friend who has smaller size foot.", "Great value for price. Pegasus is a tried and true shoe for runners. Very durable. Very comfortable. Nike+ is a great addition. Use it! Buy the Nike+ armband and start tracking your progress!", "its a great bag honestly and the shipping was pretty fast  very stylish and comfortable I would definitely recommend this to a friend that loves the gym", "I purchased this bag for my son for football practice.  It's great and not to small and not large.  The side pocket for his kleats is great and inside bag still has room.", "These ended up going back. They don't look so bad in the picture, but look more like dollar store fare in person. Lenses aren't bad, but frames look like cheap stuff.Not a good purchase.", "Great shoe, perfect condition. Only problem (well, more confusion) is I thought they were black and they're actually dark brown. The color name \"cinder\" doesn't make me think brown. Nice looking shoe nonetheless!", "I love my original Spiz-Ike's so I gotta love these Winterized version  of the sneaker! I'm looking forward to wearing these in the snow this winter!", "Great comfort, performance support, and durable. Fits true to size. Very, colorful, stylish and unique features. Looks great on the court", "Very high quality were not fake.box was kinda beat up but got to my house in 2 days and I live on the other side of USA from them so super fantastic and super low rates and great return policy and warranty!", "Neat little Jordans and not over priced. My son loved them while they still fit and werent destroyed yet.  good deal", "Second day of field hockey with these cleats I have two blisters on the top of my heal.  It hurts but other then that I love them", "It still bothers me that Nike discontinued the equalon series.  The replacement &#34;stability&#34; shoes are awful.  If someone ever finds something equivelent I'd love to know.  And, I've tried Mizunos and Brooks Beast; they were awful for me.", "OMG!!!This is the best R4 I've ever seen!!!I bought regular size although usually I always buying wide, but it fits perfectly!!!LOVE THEM!!!", "This shoe is everything I expected, and then more... I would highly recommend this to anyone wanting a nice looking shoe, I get compliments all the time. It matches really well with a lot of different cloths I have, and it's affordable too.", "I got my Jordans in the mail today and boy, they are sweet. They are perfect because they are my school colors and b-ball is starting up soon. They are extremely comfortable and have great ankle support. I think that the 23 on the back is a nice touch. Overall, a fantastic shoe.", "I love these shoes they are sick to wear with anything and very durable the only problem I have is that I have wide feet and had to give these to my brother in law and he loves them even more then I did so if you want some bomb Jordans that can practically fog with anything get these :-)", "Daughter is using them for HS Girls soccer and loves the feel and grip of the cleats.  Has played on artificial turf...hard ground, muddy fields and have not disappointed on any surface!", "I've been wearing nike high tops exclusively for 15 to 20 years. these are the worst i've ever owned.I always wear black high tops. nothing flashy. no more than a couple of colors. something basic.  When it was time to get some new shoes (i think they now design the soles to come off prematurely so that you have to buy new shoes) i checked a couple of nike outlet stores and could only find super flash basketball shoes.  After giving up i decided to try google and found that they do in fact still make basic looking high tops. i found a particular style and located it here and couldnt be happier with the cosmetics.  Of course i knew it was a gamble buying shoes online without trying them, but ive never been dissatisfied with my nikes before, even the pair i bought on amazon a number of years ago.when the shoes finally came in i was not let down cosmetically but when i went to put them on i couldnt get my foot in comfortably without loosening the laces on the top 3 or 4 lace holes. otherwise i have to stomp my foot into them.  Once my foot was in they were comfortable. its just getting it through the tops of the shoe. there is a loop on the back to hold the shoe back up to slide your foot in easier, but its so stubby that i cannot grip it properly when putting my foot into the shoe. i figured this would get easier as they broke in but that did not happen.thats all find and dandy, but my main reason for writing the review is to let it be known that these shoes could cause an injury.  From day one, i have not been happy with absorption of shock under my foot. come to think of it i dont think there is any arch support at all in these - its barely a step up from walking without any shoes. its not comfortable, but it doesnt hurt so i figured \"oh well\". well a couple of months later, i start noticing this pain in my left foot arch. I do a lot of walking for my job (work in a hospital) so i figured maybe it was that, but i've been doing it for over 2 years and have not had a problem yet.  I also havent changed any other walking patterns or habits. I assume the pain will pass but after 2 weeks it has only gotten worse. I do some research and find that my symptoms fit textbook Plantar Fasciitis, which one of the causes is bad shoes.so i found some gel insoles and have put them in these things, to try and salvage them.  Hopefully this, along with the recommended stretching and excercises, makes my Plantar Faciitis subsideI will never order shoes online again and, if i cant find anything cosmetically appealing in a store, will not order nike's again.", "Ordered a larger size than my son normally wears and wider and this shoe was still a tight fit. Thought my son would have room tog row no such luck- really nice shoe though.", "PLEASE READ* Don't buy any Space Jams With Blue Soles or Clear soles. Why? Because the jordan space jam 11 came out over 4 years ago, its impossible to find jordan that clear without yellowing. I'm a expert at buy jordans and jordan that release in 2009 didn't come with blue soles. Search it up.", "\"I love them i order it to myself as a birthday gift because my b day Dec.2 and i loved it ,its no rip off it real genuine 11s cool grey jordan and ill recommend people to come here to buy jordans from this seller", "So after further inspection of the shoe i realized that one shoe is completely different from the other shoe. It is like one shoe is authentic and the other is a copy. I am really dissapointed", "So I ordered them on the 6th of October and received them on the 12th. So shipping was pretty quick (it was 30$ though). So when I got them, there were a couple of things that were off. The font on the inner tag was way off. The carbon fiber on the sole was also off. The \"23\" in the back heel tab was slanted. So then I posted pictures online to see if they were authentic. And it was confirmed that they were not. Here is a link to the authenticity check.[...]Here is another link to a pair that is authentic go ahead and compare the tags[...]Be careful when purchasing these from any seller because I have read that there are lots of fakes and B grades floating around.I hope I can get my money back.Nike Air Jordan 11 Retro Concord (378037-107)", "I got these as brand new, I really like them, but am not really sure about if these pairs are authentic or fake. Everything seems right but the carbon fiber seems odd. I searched up some authentic carbon fibers on youtube, but the ones on youtube, and the carbon fiber on mine looks different...", "came in original box, brand new, and very comfortable. sneaker doesn't look like an imitation. and that is something that you need to be aware of now a days", "i am having great day after wearing this shoes. very satisfied and good. i would like to have another purchase.", "I use these on turf (indoors in the winter for practices), in pre-game warm-ups (our batting cages are turf), and when doing on field drills (hitting balls to our infield/outfield), and these shoes have NEVER let me down. Comfortable with good traction. However, one suggestion. I should have gotten a 1/2 size larger because I wear white socks under my team/colored socks, so mine are a bit tight in the toe. Come to think of it, I think I would have ordered a 1/2 size larger anyways. You can always put a pair of insoles in them if they are a little too big.", "works great, light-weight, easy to read, easy to use, easy to upload.  only problem is you are stuck using Nike sight for your stats.  Not real bad unless you cannot get a connection", "Bought these for my son who plays Division II soccer.  Not only were these cleats impressive LOOKING, there was nominal break-in time and no discomfort.  As a matter of fact, my son was wearing these when he scored the game winning goal in overtime, only 2 weeks after receiving them.", "I loved this sneakers. This is the second time I bought this model because they're great. About the seller: everything was perfect, thank you! :)", "I bought this bandana for tennis and couldnt be happier.  Look just like the pros.  Now if I could just play like one!  Nike emblem perfectly placed so you can fold accordingly to have showing when wearing.  Thicker cotton than your traditional bandana so probably more durable and longer lasting.  Very pleased.", "this nike swoosh bandana is really cool! I know it wont help my serve but it sure makes me feel more confident haha!", "Bought these for my daughter, who really liked them. She liked the pink trim- kinda \"girly-girl\"- not her but she was still happy. I liked them because they didn't cost $150.", "this is my second pair, the 1st pair i bought I have used everyday for exercise, everyday wear and more. they have lasted for over a year. I love the cushion that they give for my feet and knees, I have never had a better pair to tennis shoes. that is why I bought this second pair, love them!", "I Couldn't find these  shoes anywhere for my collection very rare I love these shoes fantastic pair of nike will never forget these on Kevin garnett feet", "hi dear i have a question.I LOVE this shoes.but i couldn't buy it cause size is too large. I wanna buy size 8 or 8.5 how could i buy it?", "why stop making a classic sneaker. new sneakers are looked upon with trepidation. only when used a trust is built. fads are ruining faith in quility.", "I bought these on amazon a long time ago, and they've lasted a long time. When they were new i was getting compliments all the time, and it felt pretty good, plus, they're pretty damn comfortable too. I accidentally got one of them caught in a rollercoaster so it tore up the top of the toe... which made me very sad because i love these shoes. as far as wear and tear, they've held up pretty good. i can still see the shine in the leather and i dont even clean these one bit. :) which means if you take good care of your shoes they're going to be in awesome shape, because i dont and mine are still in good shape", "I'm a girl and wear 8s in men, they're so stylish and cute for someone like that me that wears a lot of black! Arrived nicely packaged.", "I bought these for my daughter and she wears them all the time. She loves them. thank you for reading", "It is thick and very supportive, but the bad side is it fits a bit tight. Other than that no complaint. Great sports bra.", "Arrived very quickly and fits perfect!!! Daughter uses it for basketball and she said it's VERY comfortable and she doesn't get that \"sweaty\" feeling.", "I love this sports bra. It fits so perfect and holds so well when working out.  It so slimming and makes me feel good when wearing it. I recently had issues finding a nice looking swim suit so I wore it with my bikini bottoms and so many people asked where i got it because it looked so good as a swim suit. I now own 3 in different colors and I will continue to buy more!", "This Nike pro bra is great. The price you can not beat. It has worn very well and Has great support.", "I love the quality and it fits awesome. I would highly recommend to others especially if they are big busted.", "Good support and smooth lines.  Seems to run a little small.  I am a runner and this bra provides the support I need.", "This is one of my favorite bras! It fits well and holds its shape. I will be purchasing more in the future", "IT fit great.  It held everything in place.  I am planning on purchasing more.  I highly reccomend buying this bra.", "I ordered these shoes and got them in the mail with the leather all wrinkled, I was extremely disappointed. Defiantly not worth $150", "I own a pair of the Nike Air Total Max Uptempo in black.  They are very comfortable.  As such, I wanted an identical pair in white.  While I will not be using either pair for basketball, I will be using both pair for casual wear with jeans. They look great for a casual night on the town. They are also great to take on vacation.  I expect my new pair, pending shipment to have the same exact fit and finish (except for color) when I receive them.Nike Men's NIKE TOTAL MAX UPTEMPO LE BASKETBALL SHOES", "Bought these sneaker's for my son (age 15), He states not only are they comfortable but they look nice, which he wasn't expecting. They are durable and worth the amount of money spent. I would certainly purchase this product again.", "PERFECT FIT.  GREAT FOR SUMMER HEAT.  NOT AS STURDY AS REGULAR GOLF SHOES, BUT I WOULD DEFINETLY RECOMMEND THESE AND WOULD BUY ANOTHER PAIR AS NEEDED.", "These are great summer golf shoes. They are light weight and very comfortable. I have them in both black and white.", "Great shoe keeps my feet cool and yet it still has great support for walking 9 holes.I wouldn't wear when it's wet outside, but it was great during the hot summer days instead of trying a sandal golf shoe.", "Very nice looking shoe. Comfortable feel and fit when tried on.  Have not worn yet. More Spring & summer style..", "Feels like it's made out of paper mache instead of fabric.  Very disappointed with the quality.  Not up to Nike's usual standard.", "Great shoes. They look, feel and fit great. The price of the shoes is extremely reasonable and i received them on time. Extremely content with this stores services and product.", "I bought these recently and really like them. They are incredibly comfortable and very light as well. They are pricey but definitely worth it.", "I love the design of these shoes! The only bad part about it that they are a little hard. Especially at summer when temperature is high and your feet a bit bigger then usually. Other then that no compalins! Easy to clean too.", "These tennis look really nice but after being in them for more than 8 hours, my feet began to hurt.", "Nice little watch and easy to read.  I love the date always showing.  It is made for a small adult wrist or a childs.", "Took these to Israel for a month. They fit and work like a dream. The ear pieces are really long but flexible and actually make the glasses fit better. The nose piece has some soft rubber ridges which look uncomfortable but instead make the nose piece breathable and very comfortable while keeping a good grip on your nose bridge.", "The glasses are great - i have been using the Nike's for cycling since 2000 and I have never been disappointed. I just wish I would stop misplacing them.", "Perfect all around sandal. Great for the beach but stylish enough to wear anywhere. Reasonable price. Will buy again when needed", "Product arrived before expected.  Excellent slides.  Would order from this website again. Package arrived intact. Price was the best we found out of all the others.", "These slides are what you are looking for... They fit well, dont make you sweat, comfortable and ultra light! Thy make you feel barefoot, but with stability", "These are the most comfortable slides I ever wore-would highly recommend for anyone, they formed well on my feet and traction was great", "I should clarify that this review is strictly for the Nike polarized lenses- I had sunglasses with a slightly different frame, but very similar polarized lenses.The lenses on these sunglasses are terrible. The polarized version is very dark (too dark to use on a bright but overcast day- the polarized lenses I got are really only suited for a bright sunny day). I've had other oakleys, natives, and ray-bans that provide the protection you need on a bright day without making things look \"muddy\", like these sunglasses do. I often find that I have to remove these sunglasses when I'm driving to read street signs, etc. Maybe a different lens would have performed better, and the tint/color is really a matter of personal preference, but that's just my opinion.The REAL issue is that after about a year of use, the lens coating started to just flake off from the inside, making the sunglasses useless for almost everything. The strange thing is that the coating on the outside is fine, it was just on the inside that they started developing spots where some sort of material just flaked off. Since the Nike warranty was only for 1 year, I was pretty much screwed as far as replacing them. I continued to use these for biking since they were SO expensive, and the problem has gotten much worse, to the point where I'm now going to have to throw these crappy plastic sunglasses away.If you are in the market for a pair like this, I'd suggest going with another brand that invests more in producing quality lenses. I've had oakleys that have lasted 6+ years without problems, and I know people with ray-bans that have even been passed down from their parents. Expensive sunglasses shouldn't be disposable like these.", "I bought these sneakers for my niece who's just starting high school. She loves the fit, and I could live with the price. They're well-made, easily cleaned, and the bright yellow color is very edgy. Not for the faint of heart, these sneakers really make a fashion statement. The best part is, she won't be wearing the same sneakers as everyone else. If I were 30 years younger, I'd get a pair for myself.", "My boys love this shoe.  Kids at school think they are cool because they wear this particualr style of Nike.  They are shoes that don't wear out in the first month which saves me money in the long run.", "Bought these for my son, and he loves them! Still going strong 3 months later.Just as an FYI, I was able to wash these without issue in hot water in my front-load washing machine, and they came out as good as new. The color is great, but can start looking dingy when they are used and abused, as boys are apt to do. It was nice to be able to get them shined right back up without any trouble.", "I got these Air Jordan's for my 15 year old son and they have been great. He loves the way they feel on his feet. They have a sock like material around the heal, so they do not rub or cause discomfort. I will definely purchase one's like it in the future.Satisfied Mom,Cedar Falls, IA", "i bought this one for my oldest son and he totally like it ! yeah its look great and so cool!", "Great shoes but more for style than actually playing ball in.  True to size and tight firm fit; but comfortable.", "Use to be a fan of another well known brand of athletic shoes but have become a firm believer in the Nike brand.  Intelligent engineering made with quality and excellent cushioning for a women's foot.  They know what they are doing.", "Shoe was recommended to me by my podiatrist in order to give both stability and good cushioning. I haven't pushed it with a lot of mileage and given that I only run occasionally am happy enough with quality and performance.I just recommend ordering a 1/2 size larger than usual, both myself and a friend have bought these shoes and found them to be a bit short in length (this pair is actually the 2nd set I've purchased as first was too small).", "This shoe is designed for someone who requires stability but doesn't want to give up the soft ride of a cushioned long run trainer.  I am in my 50s and these keep me on the road.  At first the amount of cushioning seemed like overkill but it has saved my knees.  The profile for this shoe is Stability plus.  The newer updates are a bit lighter as well.  The one negative is they are not particularly responsive.  You will feel like you are moving slower for a while.  Just don't race in them.", "I love these shoes. I got them in size 5 and was really nervous they wouldn't fit because when I took them out the box they looked so tiny but the shoes fit like a glove. Really nice shoes", "I dont no what was reppened. Too large, i wil make some adjust. i can't return it, i am im Brazil.", "Just loooveee them.. little bit of a arc built in to make it a little uncomfortable but I love them !", "these shoes are really nice . they are just to small on my feet . Nike makes good shoes these where just really small on my feet. manly cause i wear a bigger size then i thought.", "My favorite shirt to wear during the summer.  Very comfortable, light, so breathable...playing on those hot summer days was absolutely no problem at all for me.  Bought another again in a different color I liked it so much.", "I work in the caribbean, this shirt is nice enough to wear to work, but is light enough and breathes very well definitely keeps me cool.Highly recommend.", "All Nike Golf shirts made from DriFit material run large in size compared to a standard t-shirt.  I typically wear a 40&#34;-42&#34; chest size L shirt; however, for these Nike golf shirts the appropriate size at 42&#34; chest is Medium (large chest and thin waist).  The body mapping fit is tighter than their standard golf shirt, which is what you would expect given the name.  If you've got some really big guns, the sleeves might be a bit tight, but this shirt fits great for a person with an athletic build.  It is made from good quality materials, but for the cost of the shirt I would expect nothing less.  You are also paying a few $ for the brand name.  Great shirt for warm weather.  Material moves well; ideal for golf or tennis, or casual wear on a hot afternoon.  The hem has a side split so it looks appropriate if worn un-tucked.", "I have always enjoyed the quality of this particular model of Nike shoe since they seem to last forever.  However, these shoes seem to be running smaller than ever, and I have always bought this same model of shoe.  Also, some of the stitching is a little uneven, which makes the quality seem less than my previous shoes.  After awhile they seemed to stretch to fit a little better and I only hope the durability matches the previous versions that I have owned.", "Not like picture more like something a clown would wear. also they run smaller could have used 11/1/2 bought size 11. when I went to send back I was informed I had to send on my Dime. when I bought I was led to believe that free shipment meant returns was included. So I'm out $9 and change with no shoes. I'll never purchase on line again for any thing I have to wear. The Shoe store cubs&sticks very cool not helpful didn't want to hear it. I would have hoped Amazon would have put a little pressure on them.", "great price for a good pair of golf shoes...they fit like sneakers and feel a lot more confortable than my traditional nike golf shoes", "These shoes are great.  The grip well, they're waterproof, they look sharp, and they are comfortable.  I'd also add the fit true to size.  If you're on the fence, don't be.", "They aren't quite like MJ's but thats good because i dont want to golf like him anyways!  Glad he is stickin to the bball shoes scene.  This shoe has greatly improved my golf experience.  I still hit the ball in the trees and water but at least I look good while I am lookin for it!  Really throws everyone off in the clubhouse! They all think, based on the fact that i have golf shoes, that i know how to golf.  Jokes on them when the tee shot from hole #1 hits a house and the mulligan hits a car.  Thanks for keepin me classy nike!", "I bought this shoe after trying more or less all of the shoes at my local running store. I under pronate on my left foot and over pronate on my right foot, and the sales person who did the assessment suggested a cushion shoe, which I had never tried before. Having been a loyal Adidas shoe shopper for many years, there were two things (that I didn't like about their shoes) that I was specifically looking for. First, the shoe needs to be wide in the toe box. Many shoes are far too narrow, which doesn't allow my feet to breathe on long runs. Also I was looking for a shoe with an insole that did not wear quickly. I tried both the Vomero 6 and the Vomero 5, and I decided on this shoe. And this shoe fits the bill nicely. I have had it for about 3-4 months, running/walking about 6-10 miles a week. I don't have any of the knee pain that I had previously, and the insole has not worn down, which is fantastic. I love the Nike+ integration on this shoe, since I also use the Nike sportband. Overall a great shoe, just wish it were less expensive. Even though version 6 is already out, it does not appear that the price will go down anytime soon.", "Nice design, color and provides good support. My son likes the new Nike line and was pleased with this shoe.", "I was told that I needed a \"stabilizer\" shoes because I'm a \"over proportionate runner\". These shoes are extremely comfortable, I would wear them just for hanging out or doing errands throughout the day. The only down side to these shoes(maybe I'm just knit picking) but I don't like the weight of the shoes. I'm use to the weight 'Minimus' running shoes but these shoes get the job done.", "I get so many compliments on these bad boys.  I love them...they are really comfortable.  Great to run in and overall look gret.", "The product is just great , what happens is that the size is too small, what I thought was they will fit right but I was wrong. Thanks", "I absolutely love roshes! And these pink ones were pretty uncommon, so i just HAD to get them. It's a bit more pricier than the other roshe runs, but by the way they look and feel.. I must say it was worth every dollar! It is far more comfortable than the free runs i bought from nike, all thanks to the sole! So, if you're a runner like myself and who loves going to the gym, and who also appreciates great comfort then these are definitely for you!", "I bought these for my daughter and she loves them! Very stylish and comfortable. I think I may need to get the ones in black too!", "Sits firmly on my head, comfortable and good and clear vision. great sunglasses!Had Nike sunglasses before and they got scratched.", "comfortable frames.  not convinced that the lens i chose does what the nike website claimed, that the lens would make it easier to see in contrasting light situations: shadows and bright sunlight.  also the lens are difficult to swap in and out.", "The Nike Skylon Ace is an awesome pair of glasses. Had mine about a year. Very tough and durable. I originally bought them for golfing and biking. Recently I wore them on a thirty hour cross country drive. You know how sunglasses can begin to bore in and hurt after wearing them for a long period? The nose piece on these is great. Absolutely no problems. I purchased a second pair just because.Nike Skylon Ace Sunglasses", "The lenses are great -- minimal distortion and dark-but-not-too-dark. The fit is great on my face, and they stay on. This pair has good symmetry and sits square on my face.But... after just short of a year of use, the soft plastic nosepieces have, well, not exactly melted, but turned into a squishy mass of disgusting gross stuff. Otherwise the glasses are still fine, but I'm not putting *that* on my face. Yuck. I don't think I left them in the sun. Did I maybe leave them in the car? In the glove compartment? Why didn't the rubber on the earpieces melt as well? The car is garaged too,.. and if I am going out in the heat, I'm *wearing* them...not leaving them in the car. Strange and awful.There's no \"customer support\" on the nike vision web site. What do you do if your sunglasses don't live up to the promise?", "These sunglasses fit great and are dark enough to block out the bright Florida sun. This is my second pair of Nike sunglasses and both are great. Very comfortable. Highly recommend.", "I had requested in size 6.5 M U.S. Toddler, and what they gave me was the big kids size 6.5", "Of the nicest shoes that i buy in my life, it's very comfortable to walk and strikin&lt; i love it", "Only after few days, the rubber outsole separated at the edge from the leather, the glue that Nike used is not strong enough. The shoes are comfortable, but I won't buy the Classic again.", "I ordered these sneakers and thought that perhaps I ordered the wrong size but it turned out that they were just perfect.  They only not fit perfectly buy but the colors were just right too.  I am completely satisfied with them. Maybe I was lucky but I would order them again and would recommend to anyone who into Nike sneakers.  Even my first first pair were great.  I love them more than these.  Especially the colors.  The white with purple.  I intend to get another pair.  Thank you guys.", "Good and bad with these shoes. Good: Daughter loves the colors. Bad: The top of the tongue is very stiff and rubs against the front of the ankle. She used bandaids to prevent chafing thru her socks. Then she went to rolling or folding her socks down to create padding where the rubbing occurs. Also, the ad for the shoes said preschool, when in fact our 8 year old daughter wears size 3 and is in 3rd grade. Certainly not worth the price for these shoes, but we had a gift card to reduce the cost of the purchase. Seller was prompt and responded to our question about the shoes being preschool or grade school size 3. They didn't know, the shoes had shipped and they said return them if they were the wrong size 3.", "I ordered these shoes on Nov 14  and got them on Nov 18 fast delivery also it says pre- school but i ordered a size 3 and the size was correct when i recieved them great service.", "It fits perfectly. The shoes are great, it fits perfectly and they are great! The color, the material and the fit is perfect!", "I would like to exchange them for a 10 but that isn't an option. It should be since they are so expensive.", "I bought these for my wife who wanted to try a different style of running or workout shoe.  The reviews mentioned this shoe runs small so I ordered a half size larger.  Still not large enough.  You may want to go with a full size larger than what you normally wear.", "Second pair I have bought...wore the tread almost through with five months of intense walking!  They are light as air on my thick feet", "I really adore these shoes. Not only is the style amazing, but the fit is great too. I work at a gym and wearing these all day keeps my feet supported but still light and comfortable. They are even better for running too! The balance and support is great.", "If 7 is my number in another Women's NIKE FREE 5.0 that i have, why this does'nt fit me? I'm very disappointed and would like to change, with no cost for me. I leave in Brasil and ask i friend to bring it to me from the NY adress i gave, but it was terrible to see that something wrong happened.How can we change it with no cost for me? I would like to change the color too.Hope to hear from you soon.NikeNike Free 5.0+ Womens Running Shoes", "Favorite pair of shoes I have EVER owned!!! I have saw some reviews saying these ran small but I got my usual 8 and they fit like a dream!", "This sight met my expectations! I would use this sight again to purchase and in fact I have used it many times since.", "The feels pretty comfortable to run in. They are a little slimmer than what I had expected. All around a good shoe.", "I loved these shoes from the 1st time I seen them... unfortunately they were too small. I should have gotten a bigger size... I had to return them and they didn't have the size I needed. But they look really cute!!!", "I have 2 pair of these now and will probably buy another in the near future.  I lead worship dance and wear these with my skirts to dance in.  I have some foot and ankle issues and my feet will hurt after dance class but not with these!  I don't know what I will do if Nike ever stops making these shoes!", "I love this shoe! I work in the medical field and I walk a lot during a typical work day. I strive to find a shoe that is comfortable enough  to wear for 8-10 hours a day without discomfort - well this shoe fits the bill! It is so lightweight, it feels like I have slippers on. I love the flexibility of the sole and it has just the right amount of support. Great shoe!", "I always use 7.5 nike running shoes but those are bit tight. The shipping was expedited. If you use a 7.5 i recomend a 8", "These shoes are great for all sorts of sports - very stable and comfortable and cute!  I highly recommend them.", "Very comfy, my toes can freely breath in this pair. I recommend this shoes to anyone who want a very comfortable condition while walking and work out at gym.I bought a size 8.5, which my usual shoe size and I like my shoes to be a bit bigger than my toes, however this one was smaller than usual 8.5 women shoe size. So, the size is a bit tight for me.", "The Shoes are very light and comfortable, however I should have taken the advise and ordered it in a half size larger.", "I orderd the wrong one,, I suppose to order the men's, and suppose to be 11 1/2 size, not the women shoes ..", "quality of the product is impeccable and looks actually even better in real than with the screen colors (from computer)", "These are like walking on air! I have 5 pairs of this style and can say that I have never had a better pair of running shoes! They are so light on your feet it's like you don't have shoes on and yet are so soft to walk on. I did buy 1/2 size larger than my normal running shoe.", "I love my new shoes, they are very comfortable. I need this comfort so I can work 2 miles a day. And I love the color!!", "My Godson is so cute in these. His foot is really wide and he is comfortable in them. They arrived on time and they are true to form as seen on screen.", "If you want to wear sneakers with the feel of a leather formal shoes,this shoes are for you.  The shoe sizing also sucks.  I ordered my shoe size,11US, and they sent me shaq's.just exaggerating...it's like a size 12 and I had to put extra padding inside. But with the extra padding which makes me uneasy coupled with the leathery feel,I never wore them more than 2x. Bye bye money!", "Great casual shoes and are pretty comfy!  They were shipped very fast and I will def buy again! Very satisfied.", "the zoom air cushioning is responsive and bouncy.  the padding around the ankle takes a little getting used to but does keep the foot locked down into the shoe probably better than any other basketball shoe i've played in.  things were really looking up for this being a GREAT shoe to hoop in.  BUT there's one HUGE design flaw that I painfully found out about.  on the lateral side of the shoe (where the jumpman logo is) there are a bunch of overlapping parts that all gather together at one point and create a hard sharp point right where the outer part of your pinky toes are.  this is not really a problem if your just walking in them but after playing ball in them for a short while your notice it and if you keep playing that hard point will begin to painfully poke into your pinky toes and scrape them.", "These sneakers did not hold up to well. They tore at the seams and became very dirty quick after wearing for 3 months", "Absolutely perfect! Color, size, arrived super quickly.. I wear a women's size 6 and ordered a kid's size 4, and they fit great. Definitely ordering from this seller again, thank you! :)", "I always loved 95's so decided to get this color this time.  great quality of shoe but probably should have brought a half size smaller.  Its crazy...they run small but the run big at the same time.  I'll probably purchase another pair but just go a half size smaller next time around.", "Poor quality, I had the same shoes and these ones do not look like mine. I mean the quality is not the same like my old ones. But the shipping was OK.", "these are really cool but they are very stiff, i would not recommend these for walking long periods", "i love these shoes and the price was great! they fit perfect, and i love the color. i wear them all the time, highly recommend them!", "these shoes are very very very nice im hard on shoes and i mean HARD on shoes and these lasted me a good while ive upgraded to the Jumpman H series another very nice shoe love both", "Extra material on the inside pressed against my toes.. Kinda hurt, and hard to find and get scissors inside to cut the extra material...", "my nike shoe is beautiful, fits me perfect is super comfortable to walk also aesthetically very nice design and the colors are more beautiful than the picture. highly recommended 10 points for the seller", "Didnt realize it was blue from the pic!! But  a Nike is still a Nike so its a good quality shoe overall!!", "I just wanted a nice shoe to wear to work out. These look nice and didnt cost me a fortune! I could actually where them in public. I would totally recommend them to those who are looking for a nice pair of shoes and dont want to break the bank :)", "Excelente producto, tal como lo promocionan, producto de calidad, buenos tiempos de entrega, el producto bien empaquetado llego en perfectas condiciones", "I bought this for my boyfriend for his birthday. He plays college basketball and I wanted to get him something he can practice in. He LOVED them! He said they are really comfortable and his feet didn't hurt after he was done. The design is also very nice. =)", "I had this wallet for 1 day and the money clip got bent from having 7 single bills in it. Not worth the money by any means.", "Swapped over to this wallet a couple of weeks ago.  It fulfills my main objective of forcing me to hold less in my wallet.  While there are three slots on each side for cards, but realistically only slots 2 & 3 are usable for cards, slot 1 is a little too shallow - but useful for tucking in a receipt or ticket.  Additional cards can be slotted in via the horizontal pockets behind the card slots.Whole wallet isn't very high, so notes need properly sliding into the bill fold area, not stuffed!  Leather is nice and soft.As a tip for folks trying to remove stuff from your wallet, I now have images stored on my cell phone of my freq flyer cards and other non essentials such as AAA - basically any card that isn't used for swiping.", "Love this pair of sneakers!  It's the lightest pair of tennis shoes I've ever had!!  I bought 1 first, then 2 more after.*Wish it wouldnt break so easily by the small toe (where the soft clothes and hard plastic meets)and hoping for darker colours.*", "las tennis son especiales para el basketball ya que te agarran todo el pie y te lo envuelve, pero no le doy un 5 porque trae una diferencia entre los dibujos traseros de cada tenni, n son exactamente iguales", "My son wears a size 14 shoe so it is hard to find comfortable socks that fit.  He loves these.", "Requires my son with a US Men's 10.5 foot to fold the sock under the sole of his foot. He doesn't seem to mind though. He tells me that that's the style.", "great for working out in. very comfortable. very light in weight. I would buy one in every color if i could.", "Follow up review....... i do like these.  They are very comfy and vent well.  After the first month or so and some washes they are much better.Below is the original so you know:I do not like these socks.  They are a bit too thin causing feet to get cold and also very sweaty when worn with dress shoes.  I generally find the sport socks work best for use with dress shoes but these do not.  Calvin Klein sport crews are the best I've found yet.", "these are for my son and he really likes them.  great socks good price.", "I have to get my son's socks online because of his big feet. These fit him well but the top elastic is tight. These won't be falling down anytime soon. This is good for him because he's skinny but for a larger man these might be too constricting at the top.", "I bought these socks for my son. He is very active and they are holding up great. They don't fall down at all. He just loves them. They were shipped fast and received before due date.", "Great socks... good for both operational and dressy purposes.  Keep feet not smelly and give good support.  Only thing is for some reason I always seem to have more left ones than right ones.  Other ways they're a great buy.", "Best all-purpose sock on the market.  I get black so I can wear them to work, but can also wear them to play pretty much any sport and then lounge around the house too.  They stay relatively dry and the elastic doesn't wear out nearly as fast as other socks (still have a few pair that are going on 3 years old that are as tight as the day I bought them).", "Best socks I've ever owned. They're extremely comfortable and you can't beat the price at any nike outlet store, man.", "These are some of the best socks I've ever found for work. I am on my feet all day; walking and standing. They are form fitting and are very comfortable. I would recommend them to friends and family.", "it has been 15 days since I ordered these socks I would not be surprised if it takes another 15 days for them to come in..... do not buy this product", "These socks are great!  I use them for basketball and football with no problem whatsoever.  They are longer than what I thought they were going to be though.", "These socks are very comfortable, but the pictures are deceiving. I didn't realize how \"stretchy\" they are. I wanted them to, at full pull, go to the top of my calf. However, they reached well above my knee. The swoosh is also very difficult to see, as it is dark charcoal in color.", "Great sock. Padded bottom. Each sock is labeled left and right so the swoosh is always facing outward. It's a great summer sock and can be worn in colder weather as well. Didn't fade hardly at all and have stood up to some harsh conditions.", "I love that these socks have retained their quality after many washes since I bought them from Amazon.  They are also tall, so they will be nice for winter to keep my legs warm.", "I bought these socks after a co-worker's recommendation. I wear duty boots (Danners) for about 13 hours a day. The difference between these and normal white cotton socks are very noticeable. Sweat is wicked off more efficiently (less feet stank), they are comfortable in the sole, and ride high up on the calf. I will buy these again for sure to have extra.", "product was fine.  my son would have liked to have the swoosh on the sock a little more noticable.  foot part fit well but the height of the sock was more than expected.  Hard to find socks for a size 14 foot on a young teenager so these were the best we could get.  He would have liked what is offered in the smaller sizes but not available in the x-large.", "Amazing cushioning provide arch support great feel with the ventilation prevents foot odor, some people may not like them for the compressive breathing", "The title sums it up. The Nike dri-fit socks are my favorite athletic sock. I wear these when I wear scrubs to the hospital for the day. They provide excellent support and comfort.", "I love this socks, my feet don't sweat as much. Ten more words or less, 5 more words or less", "I love how the socks felt on my feet but were a little too tight on my calves. I'm assuming that's becuase they were brand spanking new though. I love how my feet don't feel so sweaty with these.", "its about time they make socks that feel and fit the way they are advertised. would recommend them to others. so happy", "Good comfortable fit.  Like the other (black Swoosh) style better, fits tighter. Both are comfortable and fit well, will buy another pair soon", "These are high quality and fit great. Not to too thick or thin. Just right. I would recommend for those who like a high quality sock.", "The only thing I got that I was looking for was the word Nike. The description of this is wrong and now I have the wrong socks.  These socks went above the knee.  I wanted Crew Socks. Not happy with the purchase and I hate having to take time out to do a return for socks.  Waste of money on this order.", "I ordered 2 sets of the high socks and 2 sets of the low socks. They arrived pretty quickly and they were exactly what i needed! They are kind of pricey so be sure its what you want!", "i've worn these socks for a few years now, got the originals at dicks.  was leery about getting these online, with all the dingbats on here saying they go up over their knees and all.  they don't.  they're a crew, just like the description says, and they fit just like the picture.  am happy i ordered them.", "Great product and great dealer, I had no problems ordering or receiving this product I am very pleased with the seller and the product I recommend doing business with them.", "Swore by Falke with more precise sizing.  These are almost as good, seem to wear a bit better and are much cheaper and easier to get.", "i had just bought a pair of shoe and wanted a pair of socks to go with them so i got it and it was just the right thing to top off my purchase...", "Great socks for an array of activities. They fit just right and they are extremely comfortable once they are on your feet. I recommend them to any athlete or to anyone who is active and also values comfort.", "Lightweight, snug fit but very stretchy. Lets shoe hold foot solidly since there is no cushioning. If you want cushioning, get other socks. Transports sweat rather than absorbing it. I expect I'll be getting these again and again in the years ahead. Not showing undue wear despite being used while playing court sports with lots of sudden stop and go action.", "best socks ever, they feel great. They are made of a special matereial to keep feet cool. Also fit great made especially for each feet, they have an R and L on each sock.", "that band on the top was too tightI'm a woman size 7 shoe and ordered men's large sockas they always tend to run snug - I could not leave theseon as top band too tight", "Good quality socks.  What more can you say about socks?  They fit, they are comfortable, and the price was right.  Thank you Amazon.com.", "I've worn these socks for the last three years and only now they're starting to fall apart at the toe. I machine wash and dry these and wear them almost every day. I love the L&R fit. It's so much more comfortable than cheaper socks which can be used on either foot.", "Fantastic, comfortable,  best socks i have ever owned.  I would recommend and would definitely buy again.  Probably only socks i will buy from now on", "My son wears these for running/cross country/everyday wear.  He says they work well, no blisters and fit his size 14-15 feet. There's a little orange R or L on the socks to indicate right/left.  I think they are slightly differently padded for those feet.  Murphy's law says I can only seem to find all rights or lefts in any give load of laundry, so that gets a little annoying, but he likes them.", "I love these socks.  After trying them a year ago I bought some more recently off of amazon.  These are perfect for the gym or really anytime.  They fit snugly and haven't yet gotten stretched out.  My old socks were causing blisters but with these my feet feel great!", "These where hard to find in the XL size and even though they fit ok they are a little tight to slip on. I wear a size 13", "This shoe lacks cushioning for the toes and mid area.  Not good if you going to be cross training you can hurt your toes which are the weakest bones on the feet.  Good for running on pavement and heel striking", "delivered on time and the product was exactly what I was looking for.  Would definately buy from this seller again.", "They are cute shoes, and i got them before the time they told me i would receive them in great condition.", "I've been using this backpack every day now for the last few months, and it's quickly become one of my favorites. It has an awesome, sleek look, and the perfect pocket setup: the \"stash\" pocket running all the way across is great compared to comparable ones, it includes an extra-thick section for keys to prevent them from scratching things (which has come in very handy), and the compartment room is adequate for my current daily load.Obviously, needs vary, but I figured with something like a back pack the most helpful thing would be to give a pretty firm idea of the space based on my load. I currently carry five spirals, three folders, a 160-sheet pack of looseleaf paper, A 3/4\" thick textbook, a Kindle with case, and my lunch without any problem whatsoever.I'm not really even close to a pro backpack reviewer, but if anyone has any questions, make sure and leave a comment!", "Bought these for my 14 yr-old to use as his basketball game shoes, and although they've lost all of the games so far 0-8, his feet seem very satisfied.", "I have purchased these shoes, because i thought they would have studs for firm ground...but I realized that they don't sell them anymore, plus the shoe was a size to big for me. Other than that, I would have kept the shoes...they are amazingly good for strikers, but however I wouldn't recommend these shoes if you live in a dry area.And by the way, the seller did a great job in shipping this item...but on the other side I am still waiting for my refund. That's why I give this product 4 stars.", "The shoes arrived on time! The child loved it, the color seem like it would not fade soon. It's a great reminder of the days gone by!", "I wear size Medium. But this item somehow is kinda long and like the width is large. Doesn't really match the actual medium size.", "Fit was excellent!  If you are looking for a present for your guy that is always hot, this shirt is perfect!", "I ordered a small based on the reviews, but even the small size looks like a tent on me... I am in a good shape, 5' 10, athletic. This model (I even wonder if it is a real Nike even though it has the swoosh and the nike labels inside) fits terribly. Too long, neck too broad, very thin fabric. Very disappointed.", "I bought these for fall/winter soccer.  We play on a mix of turf & grass fields and I needed a 2nd pair of cleats for rainy weather.  I usually prefer turf shoes but these will be dual use.  I like the Nike Tiempo line, have been buying them for years.  Good solid cleat for the money and will last 2 seasons.", "Excellent product. It served me well for quite some time and I would definitely buy another. Other bags just can't compare.", "I bought a pair of these expensive shoes for my son and they lasted a grand total of 6 weeks! I contacted the seller, but got no help because the sale was more than 30 days ago. I fully expect shoes to wear out, but not after a month and a half. I also expect more than a \"sorry, you need to contact the manufacturer\"I recommend two things, don't buy these shoes and don't buy any other shoes from this seller unless you think they will last less than 30 days.", "My husband is on his feet 12-14 hours 6 days a week and these shoes have saved his back and feet. They were hurting him so much with his previous shoes and these have been amazing support for him. Highly recommend them.", "My son is incredibly picky about comfort.  These shoes are now his everyday shoes.  He also wears them to play basketball.  Given that I can say that they are very durable, too.  We bought them in more than one size.", "make sure when you order this get it a size bigger then you normally get. it is a tight fit but it does break in", "I love nike dunks so this purchase was a no brainer, the sneaker fits my size perfectly. This particular dunk is slightly comfortable but not a lot of cushion, if u need that id recommend nike sb dunks which are skateboard shoes...otherwise this sneaker is dor you and dunks come in so many amazing colors and designs", "I love these sneakers!  Great fit, great support, great cushioning!  And you can't beat the price.  I highly recommend them.", "These are my favorite sneakers as I have been buying Shox for years. I hope that Nike will continue to make this style of sneaker as it is great for people who stand for many hours or do a lot of walking.", "Love Nike shox fit perfect the reflectors around the toe area are sweet!!! And fit perfectly fine. Good price too.", "Ive owned a pair for over a year now and all I can say is that these shoes are my favorite. At first I thought these were basketball sneakers but they are made for running, however, they are actually good for all sports, walking and jogging.Here's a list of how great they are.-They are extremely comfortable and provide a great deal of support.The air bubble and foam sole provide for an effective shock absorber.-I notice a boost in my sprinting when I wear these versus other shoes.The curvature of the sole and its tread gave me the extra push.-I stepped in toe-deep puddles several times and my foot is always dry.Layers of padding and reinforcement can protect from the elements.-They are light but with a strong build.They feel as if they are part of my foot,-And they look better than most running shoes.In my humble opinion.Overall: Out of all the shoes Ive owned these ranked highest in comfort and functionality. They are so good I just had to share a positive review.side note: To insure a perfect fit, always try a pair in a store before you buy online. That goes for any shoe.", "Honestly, what kind of B.S.? My past few amazon orders have gone down the drain. I honestly am losing faith in this site...", "tHESE SNEAKERS LOOK GREAT. THEY fit perfectly. i have them in white and black. these are one of the most comfortable jordans i have ever worn. look great with jeans or on the court. although not a true basketball shoe. the jeter #2 looks cool on the side vents and on the back of the heel. these are highly reccomended by me.", "I made this puchase for my son and he likes it a lot. He's a very active person so it's perfect for him. Very durable and very fashionable. He get's lots of compliment...they had many colors and I would buy another one in a different color...", "More than I expected!  I received my frames not sure if the would work seeing my old frames were discontinued, so I took the  three numbers off my old Nike frame and kept my fingers crossed! although the model number was no match, the glass frames in the picture looked the same!  to my surprise! The frames not only fit my lens perfect, but they had a magnetic pair of sunglasses that attached to the new frames also! Delivery was faster than expected and the quality was excellent !  Thank you!", "I had been looking for a rimless pair of glasses to replace my old favorite Oakleys. I saw them in the store and ended up buying them online for $139.  Well worth the price!  I wore these to an all day outdoor sporting event and they ended up being more comfortable than my pair I assumed irreplaceable.  They are lightweight and comfortable and a great fit.  I see now they are available for under $100.  Great value - I am going to buy another pair as a backup!", "I bought these sunglasses for my boy friend. He loves them. They come with a heavy duty case, tint towel and care instructions. These glasses are very light on his face and he can wear them comfortably all day on the job or in the boat.", "they are gorgeous shoes, but they run small. i wish i could return them but i threw away the box!", "I LOVE the color of these shoes. They are light weight and I wear them for my 12.5 hour shifts and they work pretty well.", "Shipped quickly and fit true to size. I was worried about not being able to try them on before buying so I used the size from my previous Nikes and hoped for the best. They fit perfectly and look exactly like the picture.", "These tend to push the foot a bit forward, kind of like Asics do. Not great for standing or walking for any length of time. Prefer the Nide Flex Trainer 2. They are lighter and seem to more equally distribute your weight along the foot.", "These shoes are wonderful. I have never purchased shoes that were more comfortable. Do not be afraid of the mesh it is actually great and it keeps your feet cool. I ventured outside of the box and finally bought a color instead of white for a change. I am very satisfied with this purchase!", "Love it! Fit nicely, really confortable, and the color is as the pitcture, i'm 7 1/2 it fit very well.", "Great fit and great color!  A little on the narrow side but fit well.  True to size. Overall a great shoe!", "Not a comfortable shoe in general.  Feet feel like they're bare, really regrets buying.  All I can say you'll look good with aching feet.", "These shoes go with everything and people stop me to tell me how cute they are every time i wear them.  Very comfortable and lightweight.  Love them.", "They fit very well. I'm a size 71/2 and these fit perfect. They are so comfortable and pretty light. The shoe laces are really bright which i love, but if you don't like bright things you might want to switch the laces out.", "Very comfortable. Bought right before Disneyland and wore everyday with no problems, especislly being 28 weeks pregnant. Very light weight and I love them.", "I wore these shoes since back in the day when they originally hit the street. I actually preferred playing basketball in Nike Air Force Ones when I played. They were comfortable and supportive. I still prefer them to the newer shoes. I particularly liked this color combination. Shoes arrived as advertised and still offer good support even though I now supplement mine with inserts even though the only running I do now is when I am dreaming.The reason I did not give it 5 stars is the price! I think many companies keep prices inflated on items that Baby Boomers still tend to purchase.", "Great Shoes, great price. Couldn't find these anywhere else on the internet! Even Nike.com was back ordered but these guys pulled through. Shoes arrived in excellent condition with a cert. of authenticity which I didnt even know they came with. And did I mention they arrived a week early!", "These are 100% fake. If not they should have been sold for $10. Leather is crap, sole is way too heavy, wears quickly, and not comfortable at all.", "My grandaughter is in love with these shoes. They are actually men's shoes... but then she's 5'111/2\"... One of her favorite singers wears them.", "These are great shoes to use for exercise classes. Plenty of arch support and no heel, so you don't rock forward when using weights. The fabric is so soft and my wide feet  fit perfectly in them. Will buy many more pairs!", "Wanted these shoes for the color combination. Unfortunately paid this year's price for last year's shoe, but had to in order to get what I wanted.  Got it shipped for free and didn't pay any taxes, so I guess I still saved some money in the end. The 2012 &#34;full&#34; Air Max shoe is great, and if you can get them at a discount... buy.", "Always loved the Nike running models but this one is perfect.  Lots of support and comfort.  Hope they don't change the model any time soon", "Perfect and comfortable shoes for the passive exercise that I usually do and the look and feel of this shows it is really awesome!!!", "I got these for my son for Christmas, they shipped very quickly and were in brand new perfect condition. These Jordan's have become my son's favorite sneakers and even with heavy wear and usage held up very well.", "My son is at the point where the next time he goes up in shoe size the price does extensively. I'm not ready for that at all.  He's only ten but is wearing a 6 1/2. Boys go thru shoes like running water. :) I'm happy with this purchase and he likes them and I'm very happy with the price. I could have went to the mall to Footlocker, Athlete's Foot, etc. but found the best deal here.  Thanks a bunch.", "I had been eyeing these shoes for quite sometime. I finally got them and I am so glad I did! Love the color, fit, style and the shipping was obviously on \"lightning speed\". I got these wayyy before expected. I am extremely happy with my purchase and will most definitely purchase again.", "The shoes held up nicely, the fit was okay. I used them only to work out and run. Decent shoe", "From the moment i received the box, i noticed the Light weigh of the item.The shoes fit me very well, I think these shoes are very light, this is very helpful when you need to respond quickly and when you are playing basketball, is almost every play.I recommend these shoes to people who have thin feet.", "I followed my phisicians instruction to obtain a better walking shoe, because of my knee problems.there is a big difference between the shoe I used and the NIKE AIR MAX 2010!!!!!!!!!!!", "got these to a throwback king in my nieghborhood but all them fools bite off my style still, they sick to def", "i loved this shoe with all my ankle-wear lol.this is a great purchase.and i gladly respect my choices when it comes to a nike product automatically knowing its only quality i will only receive", "Bought this for my little 8 year old cousin and what can I say it holds all his books, supplies, and cute!", "I loved the shoe but had to return them. They were too tight on the tops of my feet. I needed a wide width but they don't come in wide... : (", "These are my go-to shoes for Zumba and Latin dance class.  I wore my last pair for a year+ - so it was time for a new pair.  Thank you, Nike!  (I would like a little more arch support but otherwise love these shoes.)", "I'm currently a soldier deployed overseas and I am leading 3 dance fitness classes for the soldiers. I was looking for a comfortable shoe that would not take a long time to break-in because who's really got time for that ... right?It took a while for the shoes to get here but once I put them on I was quite surprised. I have never been a Nike fan but thought I'd take a chance on these shoes because of the reviews. I am very glad I decided to get these because from the time I have put them on they have been very comfortable for the reason I purchased them.I have to walk a short distance across a \"sandy\" area and then I wear them on a hardwood floor for my dance classes. I really enjoy them and would recommend them for anyone looking for this type of shoe. As far as the fit goes I feel I have an average size foot width though I wear a size 11 and these were not too narrow or too wide. Love them!", "was very pleased with my bargain find at outlet.  If I had known how comfortable I would have sought out and worn earlier.", "I tend to be an overpronator so these shoes are a perfect fit. They have strong support and stability from all sides and make it easy to do what I want to do without my feet hurting. I've worn several different incarnations of this shoe and they just keep getting better. They are cushioned on all sides and soft as well.If you're looking for a light shoe, this isn't the one for you. All that extra padding and stability additions tend to add a bit of weight.For me, this shoe is better than the Structure Triax which doesn't have as much stability. For any avid runner or just someone that needs more stability in their life, the Equalon is for you.", "Color great; very comfortable. I bought kids size for value and color. Nike is favorite sneaker. Thinking of getting another feels like walking on air", "It's comfortable and stylish. My boy really love it and can't wait to wear it to school next day after receiving it.", "I'm satisfied because my son loves to wear it everyday to school. He doesn't need to bring extra shoes to change to.", "My son was so excited to wear these on the first day of school. They fit perfectly, arrived in a couple of days.They are exactly as pictured and very comfortable.", "In 39 years I have NEVER worn a more comfortable shoe. They are an absolute dream on my feet. I wear them at Zumba, on the elliptical, and for every day tasks. I love, love them. I am getting ready to go buy my 2nd pair!", "I purchased these sneakers for my 14 year old daughter who has a difficult time with shoes due to painful bunions.  She absolutely loves these.  The cloth allows her feet room to move and her orthotics fit perfectly.  I am so glad we found these as we were running out of options.  Nike usually runs narrow and but these seem be average width.", "Bought these shoes for my 12 year old son from Nordstrom Rack.  They are very eye catching and intereresting to look at.  The actual blue color is more milky blue not so dark as on the computer screen.  The orange color is like an orange fruit, just orange.My son says they are pretty comfy and there are nice and wide for his wide feet - size 12.5, men's.Highly recommend and we'll see if we can get a second pair!", "These blk and gold nike's are really cute especially considering how hard it is to find blk tennis shoes! The fit is true to size and they were shipped to me very quickly.", "The sneakers are just as described. Speedy shipping great product. My little girl looks super cute in these. So hard to find them anywhere else but this seller had them so thanks to you and Amazon!", "These did not last. After about 2 months the bottoms seams all came loose they are now in the trash", "I'm a big guy (6'3\" and 300 pounds) and wear a size 15 shoe.  I've been playing basketball 2-3 times a week, indoors and outdoors with these shoes for the past 4 months and they have held up well.  The fit is very good for me as long as I get them tied tight.  My foot doesn't move at all in the shoe which is great!!!", "This description of the shoe color states cherry. When I think cherry, I think red, but this shoe color is hot pink/fuchsia....not cherry. Needless to say, my son was not going to wear the shoe. Thankfully my daughter loves the shoe and will be able to wear them in a few months....", "great shoes for people who wathed pippens games, i love it, just a little narrow, not recommende for the fat foot.", "If you are on your feet all day, these are for you. It's true that shoes are personal and no feet are alike BUT give them a break. These also pass as (sort of) dress shoes . Most folks never know they are not and we had recommendations from sales folk, delivery men ... and others prior to ordering. Very pleased!", "Good shoe, but I think the green tone on it is a little too bright! Other than that, it's light to run and walk on.", "I tend to purchase air maxs' when I choose this brand of athletic shoes and they did not disappoint. Nice comfortable fit and I just love this colour.", "Retro style, almost identical to the original version of the 90's. Really very beatiful but RUNS SMALL. Sugestion: buy them a half size larger ;)", "Ordered these shoes Aug. 16, 2012. Only good thing with this order, received within a timely matter. However, my son came to me Sept. 11, 2012 showing me where the fabric on the tongue has pulled away on BOTH shoes! These shoes are less then 30days old and the fabric is tearing! I find that unacceptable for the type of shoe and the cost of them. I would accept this if the shoes cost me $20, but not $95! SneakerDoctor wants me to contact Nike directly and tell them I purchased them from a \"physical\" store, not through them and have them refund me the amount for the shoes. I feel that's very deceiving. I refuse to LIE to Niki!Beware if you purchase anything through Amazon that's linked to SneakerDoctor, unless you don't mind paying for defective shoes!", "Wear them everywhere, very durable, very comfortable, well sized.  A very nice product, for a really good price, can't beat it.", "These are pretty nice shoes except the material they're made out of is a little funky, it's pretty hard and is like a canvas with plaster on it. The only part that is leather is the nike logo and the back", "It's getting tougher and tougher to find products at the brick and mortar stores these days.  They show up on the website, but when you go there, it's only available online.  After looking at a half-dozen local shoe stores, I finally gave up and ordered it through Amazon.  So much for supporting the local economy.  These shoes are great for business casual.  They're very subtle and don't look like sneakers.  Very comfortable too.  I'll be sad when Nike finally discontinues the Air Force One series.", "I've been running in the Nike Equalon (versions 1 - 4) for the last 2+ years and finally decided to make a switch and try something different. This shoe offers similar support, but it's slightly more cramped so I've had to start wearing a much thinner sock. I have very flat feet and I've found that something with the \"fitsole\" in these shoes really starts to bother my calf/achilles in a way that my Equalons never did. On the positive side they do offer a secure fit and a comfortable ride for shorter distances.", "This shoe is a great jogger/trainer shoe. It has ample support but is not too heavy. I was able to do plenty of training and races with no issues. The shoe is also fashionable enough to wear outside of running. Great design inside and out", "I spent several years when I first started running looking for a shoe that worked for me. Because I'm larger runner, I need a stability shoe even though I have normal arches. I read a review of the Nike Zoom Structure when it was 11. They were recommended for larger runners so I decided to give them a try. They were perfect. I was able to increase my weekly mileage without pain or injury.I stuck with this shoe through version 12, 13, and now 14. Every year the shoe has been great for me until now. I don't know what has changed. I have pain on the top of my feet, the joints of my big toes, and my ankles. I noticed the top of the shoe where the laces go through has changed. It is higher on the foot than previous designs. I ended up changing my lace pattern to relieve some of the pressure, but I'm still struggling with the pain. May be time to find a different shoe.", "this product was exactly how it was described online. these shoes met my expectations exactly! nike tends to run a little small in my experience but these were true to size and they stretch a little as you wear them in.", "My nephew wanted these so I purchased them for him. He's an all state wrestler and said he had to have these. I know nothing about wrestling, but if says these were great and a must have, all I can say is these were a great buy and I'd recommend them to anybody reading this review!", "I got these about three years back, and they were great. I used them for everything everyday, they are super comfortable and good locking they are just great all around. And after three years of abuse on them they looked so torn up I just had to throw them away also because the rubber on the bottom was almost all gone, but hey they lasted three years. I recommend these shoes to anyone looking for a pair that is super comfy and good looking. Hands down best pair of shoes I have ever owned. :)", "These are one of the best sneakers that I have ever purchased.  I usually wear size 9, but I bought a 9.5 this time because I suffer with extreme foot pain, most of the time.  Well, this sneaker was awesome, I wear it to work nearly everyday and it is very comfortable.  I also walk a lot on the weekends and it is BOMB!!!  It is just right and what the doctor ordered.  My feet hurt less, and I really feel great about that....I'm looking for it in Black and whatever other colors that they do have ...in it...LOL!!!!", "every couple of years, Nike makes a decent ACG boot, and you have to get them while they last. When I can, i buy a couple of extra pairs, because it is always certain, it won't be long before they dump the model and replace it with some exposed-bubble-heel geegaw/froufrou-heavy piece of garbage. 15+ years after they introduced those idiotic bubble heels, somehow they still think it's flashy to show off wow, i got bubble heels! what do i know, maybe in the fool markets they seem to cater to with all their sports hype, you know, the people who leave the tags on their clothes (it be new, yo!), that stuff matters. Me, i just need a solid breathable shoe I can wear on sidewalks all day every day. I don't think Nike puts a cent into marketing this line, and they seem to treat it like people will actually use it for hiking.Anyway, buy 3 pairs, or better yet, wait a couple months until they discontinue it then snap up extras cheap on ebay.", "Socks size 14 are really hard to find.  Very happy to have found this site to purchase size 14 socks.The fit was what I expected.", "I bought these for the gym and they are great.  Fit perfectly! Very comfortable! This is a great price for this item.", "I was s looking for a replacement pair of sneakers for an old pair of Adiddas tennis sneakers. These were the closest I could find in terms of comfort within my price range. Nike brand fits my feet better than others, especially with regards to arch support, so I am quite satisfied.", "this is an older model Jordan shoe that still is timeless and beautiful. more of a relax and chill type shoe but has the makings to be an exercise shoe if you like. suede type and leather. fit is bang on.", "Definitely had to say I love this shirt. I bought it to run in and it feels light and breathable. I got mine from Nike.com.I will definitely be buying more. If your thinking about buying, trust me, you won't be sorry! I love everything about this shirt.", "These were a gift for somebody else and his comments were: &#34;These fit perfectly and they are soooo much more comfortable than my other (cheaper) ones.&#34;Price may be a bit high for my own budget but I guess that's having to pay for the &#34;name&#34; Nike. However, it also comes with the quality of Nike so I really can't complain at all!  :-)", "I bought these for my grandson and he loves them.  The fit is perfect and so is the look of the boot.", "My yearly purchase of good shoes. Every year I purchase these same shoes just because they fit my foot like no other. Maximum Comfort from Heal to Toe. I'd rather spend a $150 bucks on some really good shoes than to deal with a bad back. I've worked for specialized shoe store for 3 years. I know fro experience this show is one of the best out there. I prefer style and comfort not just one or the other. This shoe offers both.", "I wish I could review these, but I never got them.... so writting that so it goes away from things I need to review.", "I live in oregon, the rainy state! So I wanted a shoe that was durable for the rain and stylish. I am very pleased with this buy! I will buy more when he outgrows it!", "I got these shoes for Zumba and upon purchase they were too snug for me to work out in for the entire hour.  I'd ordered in the size I normally do.  Once I lost weight and about 1/2 of a shoe size, they fit great and move across the floor well without being slick.  Order half a size too big!", "Came as advertised, fit well and look good. Would recommend to anyone looking for a nice pair of shoes for tennis or just casual shoes", "The shoes fit just fine. I wear a prosthetic foot and it's a little hard to get on but I figure that will get better as time goes by.", "Like the product very much, but find the price a little high.  Used to use a coupon at Kohl's Department store.  But they did not have them last time I checked.  But need them for my five mile walks everyday.  They fit the best of all I have tried in the past.", "Me encantan lo zapatos deportivos, son de gran uso para mi; por que siempre ando caminando y son bastante comodos.", "this shoes is the best i had one of this when i was in school days and always said i must have back one of this and this is going in 3years now and this shoes is still strong and durable the strap in front over the laces and the high top also helps with the back of the ankle in flame ( medical ) so all in all i would recommend a 5start rating on this shoes", "As the description says ... Excellent product, new Nike standing out, the texture of the means is completely different from a conventional! fit your feet do not have measures heel. They fit like someone said.! totally recommended.", "These are some high quality socks. Couldn't ask for more from the material, stitching, etc. Only reason I have it 4 stars was because I thought they would be a little shorter. They come to right around my ankle, where I thought they would be below it.", "Great price and they really do help the hubby with his sweaty feet in boots all day! Will buy more for sure!", "I bought these Nike socks for my teenage son. They have held up very well for the amount of punshimentt dished out by a teenage boy and repeated washing required.", "They look exactly like the picture, I wear a 8 in women shoes but I purchased a 6.5 in big kids which I should of got the 6 they are a bit too big but I still love them.", "Genuine and good quality product, light weight and easy to clean.  I'm using these since last 10 months and they are as good as new.", "I love these shows, as a nike head it's exactly the style and fit I was looking for. Very pleased with my purchase", "fast shipping, great seller,I bought these sneakers for my 16 yr old son.He said they are comfortable and he likes the style.The right price too.", "This is probably the 10th pair of indoor soccer shoes I own.For this model, this is my 2nd pair. Bought an extra pair in case this model gets discontinued.Leather is always the best material for the top. Good feel after breaking in.The midsole has cushlon, and is thick. Gave this shoe a real cushy feel, esp for playing on the hard court or indoor court.The outsole gives good traction.The sizing runs small. I'm always a size 10 (for running shoes). I need a US11 for this.", "These shoes are great although I think they are a bit narrow and so I would recommend getting a half size larger.", "Having played soccer most of my life I am used to wearing indoor soccer shoes. These have made a great everyday shoe to wear.  At first I was worried because it was a little snug but it loosened up within a few days.  Since they are so light it is like wearing slippers around the house.", "These are great shoes. Very comfortable and I can wear them with just about anything. However, the lowtop grey version in carbon fiber came out and I like them more.Nike Men's NIKE JORDAN V.5 GROWN CANVAS LOW CASUAL SHOES", "I was disapointed in this shoe. I usually love Nike shoes but these are not what I expected. They are synthetic and very hard on my feet. I would not buy them again.", "size is accurate so order the exact size  you  normally wear. The only thing i don;t like its is a little narrow. I will see in a week of breakin if it feels better,", "Man I feel like a swag master 5000, BUT let me tell ya, these bad boys are comfy. My mom bought these for my bro, and I am always trying to wear them, and my brother gets super mad at me, haha it's hilarious. They feel way better than the cardboard editions, which is the benassi smooth glide or something like that. I definitely recommend these sandals. Main reason is that you can wear socks with these sandals, and your feet don't turn nasty and dirty with those ghetto thong sandals. 5/5 pretty good, but i wish it was made in america and not in china. ehh whatever, capitalism.", "I stumbled across my first pair of Benassi slides (black and white) in North Carolina on a vacation.  I liked them so much, I wanted to purchase another pair.There's not much I can say about these sandals, other than they are super comfortable and look great.  The part that is in contact with your feet has a wonderful gel-type feel, which provides plenty of cushion when you walk.If you like slide sandals, pick up a pair of these - in whatever color that suits you most.  I'd say the black/white goes with more things (is more neutral) than the blue, but this goes nicely with jeans.Jon", "These are extremely comfortable and look great. They hold up amazingly and are very easy to keep clean. A word of caution - I did order a size DOWN and they fit perfectly.", "I always wear size 12. These are not 12. Who sizes these sandals.  Seems unprofessional to me. I dont know what is going on here", "I had another similar pair but these far surpass them in comfort.  The padded upper is very comfortable and makes a secure fit.", "This Nike sandal is perfect, its size is true to fit and it is very comfortable. Great product, I would recommend this to everyone", "Those tips make it feel like you are walking on a board of nails. And the sandal would not slide on linoluem. Since a stroke I drag one foot and I almost fell when I could not get the sandal to slide.", "i bought this to replace my Adidas slipper and i must say it is very comfortable and fashionable it was a lil tight but it takes the shape of your foot after using it. but its a good slipper and i would recommend to anyone", "These slippers kept coming off my feet when I would walk to the pool... Since I'm diabetic I can't always feel that the slipper has come off.  Oh well, I've since gone to pool shoes that I can wear in and out of the pool..  They dry quickly and protect my feet, and I don't need to ever touch the floor with my bare feet.  These dual purpose pool shoes have worked out great for me and have solved my problem...", "The shoe is bad never got , i wish i can get my money back.Crap shoe worst go on .", "Great shoe. Good condition. I would have preferred a Nike box however for the price that I bought them, I will live.", "Hard to write a review about shoes that are overpriced by design. However, my son seemed very satisfied and assured me that they were worth every penny. I hope that helps you, but it only made me shake my head.", "First off I did not buy these shoes to use them as runners. I love the style of these shoes however they are super narrow. I have purchased other Air Max's in the past and had no problem with this but, they were the bubble heel models. I think that if I wear these a while I can break them in but as of now they are just sitting in my closet.", "These sneakers fit perfectly. They arrived on time, and look exactly the same as the pic. I am very pleased with my purchase.", "I bought these for my Husband and was a little worried about the look and fit, as the photo isnt too clear. When they arrived, they are even better in person!! They shipped pretty quickly, but took a while to arrive (which is postals fault) but they fit perfectly. Love them, thanks so much!", "I'm in love with my Nikes, they are very comfortable to walk. I use them for walking and feels so comfortable.", "Those shoes look amazing and fit great!, one advice, don't order your shoes size to small, normally air max is a bit larger but not this one.", "My son loves his sneakers!  They seem very versatile, one could wear them with almost anything and the change of lace makes it easy to coordinate with any ensemble.  He's very pleased with this purchase.", "This was my first pair of shoes I've ever ordered online - and I couldn't be happier.  Comfortable, light and inexpensive.", "made for Basketball.super lightgreat gripunbelievable breath-abilityzoom in the forefoot and good support in the heal.i paid 53 dollars, and got 2 pairs.they're as good as jordans when it comes down to playability on the court.if you find themget them.", "I usually don't spend this much on tennis shoes, but I am recovering from a broken foot and leg. Have only worn them a few times,so far they offer great support for my foot. I am hoping they get me out walking on regular basis soon.", "Boots ran too small and wasnt able to return them because I am overseas.I have always wore a size 6 in Nike's but not this time.Very narrow", "I picked these out for my birthday while they were on sale. They came in just a few days. I immediately opened them and tried them on. Perfect fit. I wear a size 7, ordered a size 7 and they were perfect. I was worried about ordering shoes online without trying them on but these work. Theyre very comfortable too. I love them. They are kinda slim though so Im not sure if youd require a wide that these would work(unless they offer a wide, I didnt look).", "I received the wrong item and have had no luck contacting the company. This was part of a gift set that I was putting together and now my main item is not available. Very horrible experience. ....BUYER BEWARE.... YOU DON'T GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR BECAUSE THEY SEND THE WRONG ITEM...", "Footwear excellent ... the fear was of the same size but it fits perfectly! good design are impressive too extreme like me, Flexible, good quality, comfortable. Totally recommended for everyday use, training, and trails.", "This order was canceled for an address problem.I request the refund of this order amount, but not received yet the refund on my credit card statement.", "where can a person get a pair of shoes like this for the money.  look and fit great .  fast service and the price is right.", "My son love them and he's able to wear them...over and over....Looking to purchase more in different colors.Thanks to ordering online..", "Not exactly the color I was looking for, but this was all I could get in my size. Hopefully they will last as long as my previous pair.", "Had a specialty store check my gait, and they recommended these shoes, and now I just order them from Amazon because it's SOOO much cheaper!", "These shoes are great I love the color and the style. The Jordan Grown v.2 is sleek and can be worn with jeans or slacks.", "One of my favorite Nike running shoes - does not look pretty but the Nike feel and fit is value for money. Reasonably well built and last long", "chose this rating because I've never had a more comfortable pair of sandals! These are amazing and have wonderful cushion. The gladiator design makes it sturdy and great for walking long distances, which is really important as a New Yorker. I also get non-stop compliments on them - they're so stylish and you would never think they're Nike! They only took one day to break in and I am thinking about buying the other colors!", "I have to walk many kilometers a day in the city for my work.  No kidding, after walking 9 hours straight on Paris sidewalks, my feet felt fantastic.  I also get compliments galore.  A truly fantastic shoe.  Big kudos to Nike for the design.  I dont know how this thin sole supports the foot so well.  I have bought up all I can find online.  My tour clients have also followed suit. Magnifique!", "EXCELLENT PRODUCT AND SERVICE. QUALITY SOCKS THAT KEEP YOUR FEET DRY. NOT TOO THICK AND EXTRA SUPPORT AT HEEL. EVEN TELLS YOU WHICH SOCK GOES ON WHICH FOOT.", "Ive loved this sneaker since way back. Im 5'2 and this shoe instantly adds an inch or more on my height. I normally wear a size 7 in women but couldn't find my size anywhere on the internet. I decided to go with the juniors size 6 and it was on the smaller side where my front toes felt a little tight. However this shoe easily stretches out and after wearing it almost everyday for a month it honestly feels just like my other sneakers in women size 7. The delivery was also really quick", "Comfortable, feels like you're barefoot.  They also last me for a year.  I have been buying one pair of Nike &#34;Free's&#34; each for the past 4 and they are the only shoes for me.  Sizes run a bit small so I buy 14 instead of 13 and they fit fine.", "I fell in love with tennis skirts this summer.  These are so comfortable and go with everthing!  They are very adorable on and the shorts underneath didn't ride up like others do, at least not on me.", "Hello,overall it's great but a little bit small. Normally I use 13 size.but 13 size of this pair is a small for me. Will give them like a gift...", "La zapatilla es bonita y el acabado en cuero matte le queda muy bien. Con peque&ntilde;os roces se vamarcando el cuero y da una impresi&oacute;n de m&aacute;s uso, especial para cuando no queremos que la zapatillase vea 'muy nueva' y l&iacute;mpia. El &uacute;nico inconveniente es que la zuela de goma es muy dura y molestaun poco para caminar, aparte de sonar bastante en un piso de madera. Bonitas pero un poco inc&oacute;modas.", "the white layer on the sole began cracking after a few uses exposing the cream off white material which was used to make the soles", "it stinks up quick even if you are not running in it. material is lacking for the price. overall ok", "Gorgeous shoes but not the brand name written inside the bag Nike has been written another brand name but I do not know what the reason , but a good shoe quality", "I'd say it's worth $45 opposed to $60 being that it's not a better quality in my opinion.  The back is also pretty low or not contoured for my foot as it can easily slip out while the shoe is properly secured.  Other than that, the design is okay and it's Nike.  I have good luck with Nike products.  I've only worn the shoes once, so we'll see...", "Not really what I expected of the shoe. Most especially the design is kinda too bogus for my liking. Thanks", "I've been very happy with these shoes - they are very comfortable with a big toebox and very thick padding at the ankle. The base of the shoe is super wide so stability is really awesome. I've been playing competitive volleyball in them for about a month now - still performing great and they are holding up nicely. And I love the looks - cool without looking like something a thug would where.I'm happy enough with them that I just ordered my second pair today so I can switch off during the week and give the first pair a chance to dry out while I use the second.One note - not sure why anyone would think these are \"running shoes\" - they are much more like court shoes or cross trainers than they are running shoes.", "Im not certain what it is about these shoes I purchased them for use at work and they are the most uncomfortable nike shoes I have ever owned in my life and this is the only brand I wear ever.From the moment I put them on they hurt my feet and the size is correct after wearing them for 9 hours my feet and legs are in agony.I switched back to my 2 yr old nikes and they are hands down more comfy than these new shoes that I tried for 2 weeks to break in.", "We were so happy to find these shoes again.  It is my husband's 2nd pair after he wore out (about 3 years of daily wear) his 1st.", "I bought these shoes for my husband. He wears a foot race and the width on the sneakers is a perfect fit.", "I bought these for my husband and he is on his feet and he said he really loves them they really make a difference", "Second Paid I've owned, First pair were comfortable for seven years. Can't beat that. I am glad they're still available.", "Shoes are solid, surprising light despite bulky appearance. Use them for walking, hugs feet for a solid feel. a very good product.", "I normally don't buy Nike's but thought I would give them a shot and these shoes pass for dress and comfortable.", "I've been wearing this style for years and yes mine squeak. I'll try the talcum powder trick.Otherwise I love them.", "I bought this shoe for the name,reputation and previous experience. I was not disappointed.Out of the box, on my feet, little break in time needed.", "will buy these again ,they fit well, love the color combination, did not take for my insert to set in", "The Monarch is for casual runners.  It is well constructed.  I bought this because I like the way they look.  I am re-starting my running program and decided the Monarch would work.  If you are in to distance running, a better (more expensive model) shoe is advisable; however, this shoe fits my niche.", "Most comfortable thing you will ever wear on your feet. Took the advice and put the baby powder under the insoles.", "My arches are not the best.  A little more arch support would be appreciated by this wearer. Otherwise terrific trainer.", "These pair of Nike Air Monarch IV is a waste of money. They are not comfortable to me and they squeak so bad it annoys anyone around you. I have been wearing Nike shoes since the 80's but this will be my last purchase of a Nike product.", "I've had these shoes for only about a month and a half.  I purchased them at Sports Authority.  I've always had good results with Nike until now.  Alas, about two weeks ago I noticed that everytime I walk the left shoe started squeaking.  Like the sound you hear when you are playing ball in an indoor gym or when you come in from the rain.  It's coming from somewhere near the bottom back of the shoe.  I've gotten compliments on how these shoes look and I feel that the outside of the shoe will be durable, but the constant squeaking is really annoying.  Especially after owning them for such a short time-frame.", "i have this shoes for 2 months i bought amazon for workbut only worst thing which is always annoying is the sole of these shoes very low quality and when you walk it start making noises chuu chuu which is don't like it", "I love shoes that are all black and these fit the description I read the reviews before I bought them and saw that some developed a squeak after they broke them in but I haven't witnessed  anything like that but it's only been a week since I got them. Very comfortable and fit great. I would like to see these no higher than $35 though", "This is a good fitting and nice looking pair of shoes.  No problem with delivery. These shoes squish like their wet.  It is intolerable.It's not just a little, it is way too loud.  Unless you are deaf and don't care, don't buy these shoes.  Nike makes excellent shoes.  Buy a different style.", "Excelent shoes!! all it gone ok with the track and everything the shoes fit so well the size was perfect and the shoes are beutifful", "Worked fine for the first week then became gradually extremeley squeaky. I had to perform operation to unsqueak. There's a youtube video that shows you what to do. Would rather have not had to do that.", "Just as the other reviews have stated! Couldn't believe the shoe would actually be loud, how does that happen? But sure enough... when walking on a hard surface the sole seems to make noise against the floor when &#34;pushing off&#34;. Too bad cause I wanted the non-lug type sole. Returning.", "I recently bought a pair of Nike Air Monarchs and after about 30 weeks they started squeaking. It's so embarrasing. I tried washing them but have recently learned that it is the worst thing to do. This seems to a big problem since every search I go to has people complaining about these Nike's. It seems that NIKE should have a re-call on these athletic shoes and give us a refund.I'm a big guy, (400lbs) and have always bought New Balance for 30 years but my local Dick's store didn't have my size (2nd time) and I was in a burry so I bought these Air Monarchs. They really are very comfortable.Most likely back to New Balance!!!!!It's six months later and I want to add to my critique. I went and used WD-40. I sprayed the entire insole, sole and oustside with WD-40 and rubbed it all in. A day later the squeeking stopped. Now these shoes are fine. They are very comfortable and seem to be holding up well. Not sure if I would buy them again but needed to add this.", "Do identify specific attributes (e.g. comfort & fit of a shirt or the battery life of a camera) and whether they met your expectations", "I recommend these shoes, but you need to make sure you order a little bit bigger than you regular size.  I recommend the pair", "got the package as expected, hard to find all black shoes in stores, they fit perfect and are very comfortable. will order more when they wear out.", "I have a white pair and a black pair of these shoes.  I wear the black ones to work all of the time and you can't tell it's an athletic shoe unless you look very closely.  I'm a big guy and these shoes fit extremely well and have plenty of cushion so they are very comfortable for long periods of time.", "I ordered the same exact size and type as I was replacing. But they didn't fit real well on the top of my foot. Which was very unexpected. After wearing them in they stretched out and worked ok. The package delivered within the specified time window.", "Yes, they are a decent pair of shoes. My biggest complaint is that for the price, the quality is a bit lacking. Long-term durability is yet to be seen, but they lack the feel of a well-made shoe that I have come to expect from Nike. Back in the day, you could still get a quality shoe from Nike without going into the triple-digit price range. These are not the least-expensive pair of Nikes that I could have bought, but they \"feel\" like they are.I am not referring to the fact that they are light weight, which is a plus, but more to the overall appearance and feel. The soles feel very \"plastic-y\", and make more noise than what I am used to, or care for. The rest of the shoe just feels synthetic and cheaply made. If this is what passes for a reasonably priced pair of Nikes today, then I am pretty disappointed. If it is just this model, then I feel a bit deceived.On the plus side, they are reasonably comfortable, and have a good bit of cushion at the bottom of the foot (insole?), hence the third star. The lessons I learned from this purchase are these: Don't always stick to one brand because you have known them to be reliable in the past, and perhaps more importantly, maybe shoes are just something you shouldn't buy online unless you have seen them and tried them on in person beforehand.", "This shoe has many problems. First, it squeaks even on carpet. Second, as I have a narrow foot the Nike Air Definition was purchased for over 10 years. It was a really good shoe, fit great. But the Monarch is much wider in the heel. Size was the same 11.5 D. Nike why did you change a good product? Answer: You wanted to make it cheaper!! Squeak Squeak!!", "The right shoe developed a loud squeak after a month, and it has progressively gotten louder since then.  I actually have to speak louder than normal if I'm talking while walking now.  The shoes started out comfortable, but now my feet hurt after walking in them, probably because I'm moving my foot in weird ways trying to avoid the relentless squeak, to no avail.  Not only will I never buy another pair of Air Monarchs, These shoes have turned me off of Nike brand shoes for good.  There's more affordable, quieter options out there.", "I think that this is an OUTSTANDING SELLER!!  They provide amazing customer response.  I would strongly recommend them to anyone looking for shoes.", "Update on shoe wear:I have had these shoes for about two months and they are starting to squeak when I walk. This is the second pair of Nike Air Monarchs I have had and both pair did this. While they felt great on my feet, and still do, I am disappointed that they are squeaking, yet again. I will have to find another type shoe to buy. And if you walk any amount at all, I fear if you buy these shoes, this will undoubtedly happen.", "These are my second pair of Nike Monarch IV Training shoes. The fit is what I expected and overall I like the shoes. The last pair I had started to squeak badly and I finally decided to purchase a new pair. Unfortunately the new pair has started to squeak as well. I don't mind too much since I mostly wear them at the gym on the tread mill, etc. but the squeak is annoying when I wear the shoes to work.The shoes are very durable--especially the uppers and the tread wear well. I just wish they wouldn't squeak.", "Took to long to get. Almost a month probably wouldn't order again shoes were fine if time is not a issue", "I am in Afghanistan and purchased this shoe thinking I knew what to order. I already own a pair. I like them and they look good. Size 11. the shoes that arrived beautiful. one problem. they don't fit. my toes go all the way to the tip of the shoe and the squeeze my feet.. when I contacted the seller their response was, \"Try a size 12\". I am on a forward operating base in Afghanistan and I have no access to mail to return this product. would have hoped they'd have said, That's alright, we understand, send them back at your earliest convenience etc... nope, Try size 12. Thank you Shoe zoo for your support. lack of support i should say.", "The squeak with each step is simply not tolerable.  They make so much noise, you may as we'll have your dog's squeaky toy duct taped to the soles.", "My husband wanted me to get him some new shoes .. Just like his old shoes. That's why I love Amazon. I searched, found, and ordered. It took awhile to get here, but he is very happy with the shoes. His third pair.", "I have to say these are my preferred shoes to wear to work.  I do a lot of walking in my shift and we are required to have all black shoes.  These never let me down.  Keep my feet comfortable and look great.  One bad thing is the squeak you get after walking in them a while.  There is a simple fix to this, however.  Just lift the insole out and put some baby powder in the bottom.  Let it coat everything and replace the insole.", "It is really a high end orthopedic shoe for just $70.It helps me with my back pain.One feels like walking on a cloud.You'll love it too.", "It is a little small for me,but still okay.It is light and can help jumping or comfort walking.I hope it is durable.", "its good for work. for money its worth it. i recommend this shoe for ppl who works long hour on feet. very comfortable.", "These have become my go-to running shoes.  Every so often I'll try something new, but haven't found anything that provides the lightweight support these do.", "I am a long time Saucony customer. I tried these shoes out and found them to be light and comfortable for mid-mileage running. They seem to me to run true to size, but are wider in the heal and mid-foot as compared to Saucony. Nice looking and well made as well.", "I have owned multiple pairs of running shoes, and I must say these are the best I have ever owned. Even a customized pair from NIKE ID did not fit me as well as these do. The lightweight feel is unmatched by any other shoe and the comfortability is still there regardless of the weight. Not only are these shoes perfect for running, but they also make a great workout shoe. Even if you are looking for a pair of sneakers to wear around, these shoes will work for you. I highly recommend them, especially at such a great price.", "I bought these for my son to wear to school with his uniform and they look great.  You can't go wrong with Jordan's.  Great shoe.", "These shoes are so comfortable they make you feel like you're playing golf barefooted. Today it was over 100 degrees and my feet were cool and dry. The wide width is just right for my feet. Love them.", "I saw these on retail for $120, got them for about $70 on Amazon.  Very stylish, looks and feels great on.  I usually buy the cheap $15-20 throw away sunglasses.  The level of quality is much noticeably greater.  Couldn't be happier with my buy.", "They fit well and look great but the lenses get scuffed up way too easily. Looks like I need to get them replaced shortly.", "Bought these for Grandson who goes outside to smoke his cigarettes.He needed something that was easy to slip on and take off.  He loves them.", "outer part is such a synthetic that while running all the dust and dirt sticks to the shoe.Hate It!Its either fake, or Nike has lost all the quality!", "i have shopped two colors this model. this is very very good, and comfortable and stylish Nike! we have a blue one too. we ar very pleased and glad and happy to have theese", "Understand that af1 is usually about .5 sz larger than other shoes. This is a great shoe and you could always just wear one of the nike elite socks to compensate for the extra space in your shoe.", "Shoes of this size are very limited where I live. Happy to see all the styles from this website. My daughter looks very cute in these new kicks!", "I bought these shoes as a gift for my dad, he lives in Argentine and he never had this kind of shoes before.I gave it to him like 6 months ago, he loved it, and its still looks like the first day I got them from Amazon, great quality, great shoes, pretty confortable.", "This review is to anyone that orders from this company I really give them a thumbs up they were great in customer responds and there product was actually what i wanted and more thanks again for you business.", "I have no complaints. I was skeptical buying shoes online, but made the leap of faint and it kept me from going to the store.", "Love these. My old pair are almost worn out so I got another pair in a different color. Highly recommended!", "This is actually my second pair of this exact walking shoe. I specifically wanted this color combination, same as my first pair. They have very good support are comfortable and wear well. The Amazon price including shipping was totally competative. Will be very happy when I decide to replace my existing shoe with the new pair.", "Nothing like the picture.  Returned the item for a refund.  I'm still not sure whether or not the card's been credited, but will check this out now.", "perfect fit, came quickly, great price-they have been comfortable to wear since day one, no break in time needed! would order again", "This shoes are everything I expect from Nike. I've been wearing Nike for the last eight years and I find them extremely comfortable for every ocassion: you can't even tell you're wearing them!! Considering I don't use them for regular sports (I'm actually very lazy) but I have to walk through awful sidewalks (up-hill, down-hill, gumpy), take buses and subway, these are the first choice for my daily activities!", "I am a nurse. I bought these shoes a few months ago and so far they are very comfy. The only thing is that it gets slippery if the floor is wet.", "not only do these shoes squeak like an old rusty screen door, but after 3-4 weeks, the leather is flaking off the toe of these shoes. not peeling , but flaking like a pie crust. I didn't know they could make leather that thin!!!I will be going back to new balance.....&#34;fool me once&#34;....", "This is the only athletic shoe I will buy. Great fit for my wide feet and extremely comfortable once broke in. I tried this style a few years back.......hope they never discontinue the style.", "I got them for my husband. It is the only ones he likes for walking everyday. He especially like the thick sole.", "I got the shoes right away as a Prime member!  I like that - totally worth the money!!  The shoes are great and who would think otherwise!!", "Have probably bought 3 pair in the past.  None of them wore all that well, but not poorly. I'd give them a 4 except that the last pair I bought started squeeking like h*ll after about a month, and now I wear them to cut the grass where the sound of the lawn mower gratefully blocks out their noise.  Think I'll buy another pair and if they squeek I'm going to find the Nike executive in charge of this model and shove them up his a*s.", "I have wide feet and supinate. Orthotics help, but having a well-built shoe is crucial for me. These fit the bill. I'm on my 6th or 7th pair.", "These shoes squeak when I walk.  It's so bad that my wife says it's like fingernails on a chalkboard.  It's a shame, because they look good and they are comfortable.  I will not buy another pair.", "Sadly, I have bought them for a LONG time but they started squeaking after a month and I did the thing with ripping out the cushion support piece and sprinkling baby powder in it and that works by the way and putting it back on. It is sad that a LARGE company can't fix the problem. Maybe training class for it's workforce might help or a knowlegeable person to FIX it.  I won't buy them again. It's sad because they are indeed comfortable.", "I have Plantar Fasciitis pretty bad, especially in my left foot. My New Balances (with special inserts) were not helping so I picked up the Nike Air Monarchs which felt like they offered better support and cushioning (with my own inserts). I noticed that they were squeaking very loudly but by the time I decided to stop wearing them, my right foot had mostly healed. My left foot being in pretty bad shape still, I had to choose whether I wanted to wear shoes that were so obnoxiously loud around my office or go back to my old shoes. I went back to the old shoes, but just learned today about the baby powder fix. I added some powder -- still squeaking! I then poured a considerable amount of baby powder in, replaced  the inserts, and tried them. -- NO MORE SQUEAKING!!!Thanks God! Now maybe I can get my left foot healed.Poor quality control at Nike for letting this get by. Otherwise I'd give these shoes 4 or 5 stars.", "I love these shoes for walking. They fit perfectly and are lightweight and flexible. I would purchase these again in another color.", "was a present and we did itfit as expected and the person get it love itgood product excelent price", "Great shoe that fits well, looks good, and is of good quality.  You really can't go wrong with a Nike running shoe and this one is really great.", "These sneakers came very clean, well rapped etc. According to my daughter whom loves them and could'nt wait for her husband to see her in them Lol, My daugter loves these sneakers and I am happy to find a company with such a great line of athletic shoes. Avery good company that are very resonable, and the sneakers came on time.Thank You", "These shoes where more than expected.. the color was perfect but most important for our daughter in track who runs and needs good comfortable shoes!! also I paid for standard shipping but received priority in every action.", "My son bought this shoe as a wedding gift for his 5 year old cousin who was the ring bearer in his wedding. He loved wearing the shoes and wore them to the reception and had practically kept them on including sleeping in them for about a week. He loved his new Nike shoes and was very proud of wearing them.", "I get so many compliments on these sneakers i'm tempted to buy a second pair for when these wear out and nike don't make them anymore. The color really stands out and they look and feel great!", "Fantastic style but you must be careful regarding the anatomy of your feet. I don't recommend these if you have a flat/wide front foot profile or problems with ingrown toenails, corns, etc. They are very narrow in the toe area thus if you're going to buy, consider a half size larger than norm and a size wider. Save the box/invoice and definately check the cost/return policy in case they don't fit. Prciey but stylish and plenty of ventilation.", "I bought these shoes for walking.  They have proven to be a wise choice.  These shoes are extremely comfortable.  I was concerned about finding socks that would fit the shoes because of the toe separation.  But it's very easy to tuck any sock between my toes and slide the shoes on.  They are very comfortable, as I have said.  I highly recommend Nike Air Rifts.", "The best thing a shoe can be is comfortable, and this one is.  But more than that, it is even more attractive on the foot than it is in the picture.  Every time I wear this shoe someone asks me about it.  First they want to know if there is really a split between the great toe and the rest.  Then they want to know if they are comfortable.  Then they want to know where they can get a pair.  This shoe is light  on the foot, almost like wearing a cloud and it almost makes you want to run.  This is one shoe I don't want to do without in my closet.  I'd gladly buy another pair.  I'm thinking about purple.", "I love these shoes!!!! They're so comfortable that I almost wear them every weekend!!!! I can't leave them!!! I can walk all day long and without feeling them. I prefer to wear them with no socks that's why I find this color great!", "El dise&ntilde;o es muy lindo actual pero en cuanto al material es de tela, en lo que respecta a mi persona no me gusta que sea sea de tela sino otro material \"El t&iacute;pico de NIke\"", "These shoes are great to wear. They are great while running.I notice that the sole of the shoe will break after a short while. It's not good against water.", "i now own two of these. looks great and also has a really soft fleece inner, and very warm. arrived quickly tooI tried the adidas equivalent first.. the hooded flock, and found this nike hoodie to be much better quality and the same price", "I ordered these shoes long time ago. Walked n then every day. They still look new. They are very comfortable and the price was half of the Nike stores. I am about to order some more. I totally recommend it", "Love them! They are so cute, different and retro. True to size great fit any very comfy. They are completly out of the ordanary.", "Absolute great fit. The color is a good looking red, not dull or bright. Nike does it again with a great shoe. Very comfortable & attractive. Excellent price also.", "They said it was out of stock even though I had already paid for it and suggested a different white one for me. I accepted the alternative but when it came it was blue, identical to one I already had.", "I wanted these sandals to wear out really quick when running an errand, or on days when I only have one class. At first, you have to get used to them, but other than that, they're adorable! I have small feet and in kids I usually wear a 4.5. I ordered a 5, and they fit perfectly!", "I\"ve had my Shox for over 6 months now and use them at the gym only. So far so good -no tears no rips no funky smell and no sore feet or legs. Very comfortable and durable & they better be for the price i paid!!! These are probably the best Nikes i\"ve owned great for running, strength training, and even Lifecycle because of it's flat sole bridge that flexes! If you got the extra cash i would definatly purchase a pair you will not regret it and you\"ll also have the best sneakers on the block!", "These Nike sneakers are stylish and comfortable (one of the most comfortable sneakers I own).  They come in various colors and are not big and clumsy on your feet.  Love Them!!!", "Great walking shoes. Was trying to find a black comfortable walking shoe, now I've found it.  Plan on ordering the other pair that are black and gray.", "Very comfortable, like wearing a sturdy pair of socks or something. I own over 20 pair of Nikes and these are in the top 5 for comfort.  Hope this helped someone.", "My shoes came on time. The package was and looked untouched when it got here. very good job from the shipper. what els can i say......there nike's", "The fleece feels warm & looks great.  I am happy with my purchase that got here super, super fast!  I just don't know what everyone was talking about regarding a pocket for securing an mp3 player.  I've seen no pockets, but that's not a big deal.  It looks great on me.  I am 6'3\" 175lbs & the XL fits great.", "Track could have been a breeze with this fast runner. Although the shoe was the right size, wearing it was a bit uncomfortable.", "Buenos dias un cordial saludo desde venezuela, le escribo para manifestarles que los zapatos que recibi, llegaron en perfectas condiciones, fue una excelente eleccion. Muchas Gracias.", "This is a good summer golf shoe.  Great fit and comfort.  Very light weight, easy to pack in golf bag.", "The styling of this shoe put a major binding seam across my foot that made walking painful. It wasn't a matter if the shoe being too small.", "Even though I didn't need another pair of white golf shoes I couldn't resist and pair of Nikes for such a great price..  Always a good way to go with Nike.", "I think there should have been a warning that the shoes are what we call 'small-sizers', i.e. you have to get those with at east one size bigger than your actual size so it could fit.", "These shoes are fine for the money.  They are very light.  Some of the reviews call them \"thin\" at the toes.  I think this translates into \"narrow\" at the toes.  I have a pretty wide foot and probably would have opted for a pair of golf shoes that were wider at the toes if I had tried them on at a store - but I have put in a pair of shoe trees which seems to be stretching them out where needed.", "I got these in a 12W and they feel great. Nice coloring and the quality looks great. Can't wait to try them on the golf course!", "These shoes are great right out of the box.  I generally have to break in my shoes before I can wear them on the course.  I put these on and walked 18 holes.  They were great.  I should have bought two pair.", "I like the looks of these shoes.  They are comfortable and always get compliments.  Need to wear with a thicker sock.", "It fits well.  Comfortable.It's a good deal for the price.I am concerned that the grips will fail becausethey are  plastic.  Will have to wait and see.", "Love them. Light weight and very comfortable. Waterproof for those damp fairways and greens in the early morning. This is my 2nd pair of Nike golf shoes. Ordered both from Amazon.", "Shoes are comfy, fit perfectly & they look good.  This is the first time I purchased shoes online & I was not disappointed.  I would definitely recommend these shoes to all women golfers.", "Nike makes great products and I especially like the comfort and water proofing for the \"Nike Women's Air Brassie Golf shoes\" I recently purchased. I have played over 80 rounds of golf this year and am glad to discover such a comfortable golf shoe. I would highly recommend these shoes.Thank you again Amazon.com for providing products by great companies!", "Great Fit, Quality shoe shows little wear after a busy season. Purchased a 2nd pair to have extra thse are keepers!", "What can you say about socks. So far so good,  They seem like good quality. My son will only wear Nike socks and he likes them.", "I love Nike as a company, and in fact have almost 20 pairs of Nike socks, but they always stretch out after just a few months.  I love the look, but won't be buying online again as I didn't know what to expect.  All in all, these aren't worth the price you spend, but hey if you want them for the Nike logo, then go ahead.", "These socks are true-to-size. They do not slide down your leg or off of your feet, but at the same time, they do not fit too tight. They are good for workouts as well as for wearing to work.", "When the i team can it was very fast shipping but its 3 pairs at the mall i bought some that were 6 pair of nike socks for 18!", "They do what they say. Keeps my feet dry and cool. The only issue I have is the tops are too tight around my calves. At times it cuts and rubs marks on my calves. So I just can't pull them all the way up.", "Terrific quality product that keeps your feet warm, dry and comfortable in bike shoes. Multi-texture weave is effective and holds up to repeated wearing and washing.", "My feet sweat a lot from type II diabetes.  Regular cotton socks get soaked and my feet feel like they have been in water all day and hurt very bad.Regular cotton socks quickly loose their cushion and the netting feels like cheese-cloth cutting into my feet.My wife and I went to a sporting goods store and bought over $100.00 of different types of athletic socks to try them all.These socks wick the water away and I can walk a lot and stay on my feet longer, which helps the effects of diabetes.Get a pair of tennis shoes that breath well with these socks!!!", "I bought these socks about a year ago and they still fit and are very sturdy against the activities i do. a little pricey but im getting my moneys worth out of it. Two thumbs up!", "XL is supposed to fit size 12-15. I am a size 12.5 and can barely get them on. Looking at what was shipped, the packaging says XL but no way. There's absolutely no difference than from ones you can get and any store.", "It is difficult to find mens socks that are not the one size fits all....that goes to size 12.and are too large", "Pity! I got taken in by the propaganda this sock maker puts out. They make pretty good rags. That's all.", "Good sox. Not the very best I've had, but GOOD. Can happily recommend them as acceptable merchandise at a reasonable price.", "My husband wears an eleven-size shoe, but because of a high arch he wanted me to order a larger size than usual. These were advertised by seller for an XL man sizes 12-15.  What a laugh!  Socks we've purchased previously up to size eleven are bigger & easier to get over his arch.  The socks are extremely tight even after he's got them on & make his feet itch.  He doesn't like to bother me with returning & ordering something else, so decided to give them a chance, but now it looks like they'll be tossed. I love shopping on Amazon because I've had excellent luck with other items, so this is a big disappointment.", "The socks are very soft and comfortable to wear. They fit me just fine. I also like the style of the socks. They are a great pair of socks.", "About a month ago, I bought 1 set of a 3 pack (1 order). It arrived, and the socks were wrapped around by an authentic nike paper sticker. They were better than as advertised, I was very happy. So last week I decided to order 6 pairs of these (2 additional orders). They arrived in two tiny packed bags, and were just wadded up. There was no authentic nike sticker, and the heel and toe was not even grey. It was just a blank, low quality sick with a nike symbol printed at the top. Needless to say I will find somewhere else to order additional socks.", "I bought these socks for my daughter who is in the Navy. She is in the middle east and they keep her feet comfortable in the high temperatures.", "cannot go wrong with purchasing these and the seller is very reliable.they come with green and pink laces, but also an extra pair of black laces in case you want to tone them down.", "Well what can I say, Nike are Nike and there made in Indonesia or wherever ! Bought them for a friend in Italy and hauled them over in my suitcase.", "Great pair of golf shoes very comfortable. I have had the best fit and wear with Nikethan other golf shoes.  The price was right on the brown shoes other colors were much more expensive.They provide a solid foundation. Glad I found this deal.", "I'm a little aggravated that the only way you know these are cleats is by the picture. (by the way the picture was viewed on a smart phone, so it was hard to see the cleat part) I looked up running shoes and these shoes were under that description and they are cleats! I sent them to another state for my nephew who needed some shoes and now he is stuck with cleats instead of running shoes for gym. Great! I can not return them because he is just now telling me they are cleats, after the 30 day return policy. (I know that's our fault and not the company's) but again they only way to know that they are cleats are by the picture. Very Disappointed!", "The best sandals I have ever worn hands down. You might want to get one size bigger than you normally wear so your heels have enough footing. You will not regret purchasing these.", "I love these flip flops. These are the only ones I ever had that I could wear all day, on pavement, concrete, sand or grass they feel great. Well worth the price.", "i was looking all over to purchase these sandals when i came across them on amazon and i purchased them.", "Very, very comfortable.True to size.  I ordered them for a gift and he liked them so much I ordered some for myself in women's sizes.", "Definitely worth it! Great shoes!!! But it's a little narrow so a little uncomfortable when wearing for long time. Better wear in winter not in summer.", "I love these shoes ive own them for awhile now they're in good condition these shoes are worth buying although I bought these for 80 bucks dont knoe if u really wanna spend up to 120 for these I knoe I wont.", "These socks are high quality and don't slip down on your foot into your shoe when you walk.  Very soft and comfortable.", "Good Socks, definite purchase for those who like to dress with style and also active. I purchased 2 x 3 pairs", "Prompt delivery, decent packaging and product is as advertized.I have tried more expensive running socks and wasn't expecting much from this one when I ordered it but it turned out that this is my best running socks - stable/perfect fit (I wear size9 shoes, ordered Large socks), very comfortable, does not overheat so yes, moisture management at work. Not a Nike fan but for this one, have to say 'good job!'.", "These fit nice nice and snug like I like them.  They have a band around the middle that hug your feet and unlike other Nike socks I have had they hold there shape", "I bought these socks from the seller-- Happy Feet-- and they sent me the pairs wadded up in a grey plastic bag, it almost looked like they were knock-offs... and i still don't know if they are or not. There was no Nike packing around them. I can't rate the socks because i don't even know if they are real or not.", "My son loves these socks.  He like the no show part of them and always wears black socks. They keep his feet dry and are comfortable.", "I am very happy with these shoes also bought my son a pair in Black.  Shoes are exactly as I expected.", "they look cool with jeans ans khaki pants. Very comfortable. Few models are available with black Nike logo Nike.Run true size.", "For some reason, it took awhile to receive but upon receiving them i am quite satisfied. I would order again.", "IT IS light weightstylishI love the red logo on the side of the armthe price is right", "good value and comfortable. this is the second pair i have owned. the nose peice is key.and here is three more words.", "I run and I cycle for both sport and fitness to lose weight.  I like these glasses for both.  But I think they work better for cycling.  They give pretty good coverage for cycling.  I just got around to using them recently, and they are my go-to pair now. They look great while doing sports, and ok when just hanging around.  For the price, highly recommended!", "I bought these shoes more for the look, but they have became my favorite shoe! Not only are these shoes the most comfortable to work out in, people are constantly stopping me and asking where I got them. You can't go wrong with these shoes", "Great product.Original brand with all the nike qualities.Beautiful and Confortable. Strong material, resistant however very soft item.Really impressive pair of shoes.Recomended.", "Got them quickly and are brand new. Would buy another pair. THese shoes are nice. they are clean. they are new. enough damn words now?", "This is his third pair of Air Force 1's.  He loves this style and is enjoying some of the new colors.", "Feels so comfortable to wear! Just the pair I need for my tired feet. Wonderfully made for jogging and walking and running.", "I love, love, love this shoe!  Its lightweight, fits my narrow foot perfectly! Some Nike shoes are way too wide in the toe box, but this one is perfect!  Also another thing, I usually wear a 7.5 but took a 7 in this one...so take that into consideration. If feels fabulous in the house and on pavement. Im not a shoe lover and normally kick them off asap, but have found myself leaving these on.I have to thank the salesclerk for suggesting this one. I wouldnt have even looked at it because of the price, but its sooooooooooo worth it!", "The shoe is excellent in terms of comfort when running except that you must be careful as it does not grip on wet floors", "Awesome shoes! I use them to teach a dance class in and they are perfect for them.  The detail design is different than any other Nike I have seen. The only thing I wish they had was a better arch support in them.", "I was very pleased with this book bag. Very sturdy and nice. My son absolutley loves it and not to mention it came very quickly!!Thanks Amazon. I will be ordering again!!", "The hat is not authentic it is missing the dri fit liner inside the hat and it is pretty think and flimsy. The shipping was fast and the price was good I just hoped the product would have been better.", "Title of item says \"Mens\" shoe but these are womens. I ordered using men 6.5 and received women's size 6. Very cute shoe but now I have to return them and there are no more in stock.", "Purchased this backpack for my 14 yr old son, and he's happy with it. It's small enough not to be so bulky, and large enough for all his books. He digs it so I am good!", "I bought these shoes because I was in need of a fresh pair of white b-ball shoes.I decided to customize these shoes after visiting [...] which gives valuable insight into how to create some sweet custom kicks that can be worn the same as any other pair of shoes.Buy these shoes and check out[...]!!!!!", "Great shirt, love the comfortable fit and the easy care material, just wash,dry & go. Fits true to size for my son, who is tall. I ordered a large for him, good length in sleeves, he is 6'4&#34;, so might run long for someone who is shorter.", "I bought this sneaker on Eastbay few months ago and what i can say is,this is one of the fakest sneaker Airforce one ever produced.It is made out of plastic material not leather and the sole is fake it becomes chipped every single day. If ur after the look and not durability u can go for it.", "I was very pleased with the wallet when I received it. The wallet was as described and was not cheap or fake like most others Ive seen.", "It is a perfect wallet/money clip. Just big enough to carry the necessities. Fits easily into any pocket, front, back or any inside jacket pocket.", "I have worn Nike's in the past. Love them and I wanted to get a good pair of walking shoes for myself. As a birthday gift I received an Amazon gift certificate for 50.00 from my niece and I decided on getting a good pair of Nike walkers.  These shoes are great.  It feels litterally like you are walking on air.  Good construction and the company that I ordered from was timely, quick and the shoes arrived in excellent time.  I have no fault with the company.  I do however, have a problem.  The shoes I ordered were a size 7 m width.  Apparently, Nike shoes run narrow and I cannot wear them as they are too narrow for me to walk in. When I did my intial performance review of the company that I ordered them from I put in a two star rating for them.  The supplier was not the issue.  Please order with confidence with this company.  I spoke thereafter, with a company representative, John who was willing to issue me an RMA to return the shoes but alas they have been worn to work etc..as I have tried to get the shoes to break in to no avail.  I could not return them, but the company went above and beyond to offer me a discount on a pair in a wide width..that is an example customer service above and beyond.  I made the mistake when I ordered the shoes by not doing enough research on how Nike constructs their shoes..so, if you wear a medium width normally, go for the wide with when purchasing Nikes. The company Shoes On The Way is a great company.  John...thanks again and I removed the negative feedback..sorry.  This was my mistake.", "I love my Nike's, the shipping, and everything went great. 3 months later, still my favorite shoe ever. If you are color blind, these are the best!", "I was looking for a white and gray sneaker..they're hard to find these days, so I ordered these Nikes. The only positive thing for me is that they were true to size. Otherwise, they felt very cheap and frankly not very attractive on. They were cut very high on the ankle and for a cross trainer, after working out in them, I would imagine that they would start to rub. I returned them immediately.", "I needed cleats for my son in August when our travel ball season gets underway and NOBODY HAD THEM!  I tried all the competitors stores and NOTHING.  Even though FL is a year round baseball state nobody could accomodate what we needed.  I had my son try on &#34;Nike football cleats&#34; (since that was the only thing available) to get a good size margin of what he needed.  These fit PERFECTLY and were much cheaper than anything left in the stores locally.LOVE AMAMZON PRIME!  And...with 2 day shipping I had them before our 1st tournament!Size was accurate...exactly what we needed...holding up perfectly!  My kid plays A LOT OF BASEBALL!", "Everything alright with my purchase.  Responsible seller.  The Nike Cortez is a classic, what else could I say?  And this colorway is just perfect for me.", "I am by no means a hardcore athlete or endurance trainer, but for the bit of exercise I do and just dealing with my obscenely sweaty feet, these socks do the trick!", "I wore these shoes while playing football and loved them! Great for gripping the turf, and nice for turns and curves!", "This t-shirt is really nice, it looks and fits perfect, the logo is exactly as described in the photo but the tshirt cuality is better than it appears, i had bought a LOT of t shirts for jogging or for training from adidas to mizuno and it is the best for its price. I am very glad with these purchase and with the seller", "Very nice, confortable shoes, good price. Liked the color,feel good for walking or running, arrived on time. I will buy again from you.", "Arrived on time, brand new shoes, box and all.  My son loves his new shoes.  My experience was very positive.", "it is really good. I mean, it has good quality, and nice color. I wear it when I work out in the Recreation center. I feels really comfortable when I use it.", "todo bien solo un detalle la talla creo que viene un poco solo un poco mas peque&ntilde;a que lo normal soy 9.5 primera vez que me quedan apretados unos de esta talla recomendado solamente este detalle", "We ordered these sneakers for my husband for the gym, and they are great.  They arrived quickly, and in perfect condition.  They are true to size, and the neon green adds some flash to the sneaker.  They fit great, and are extremely comfortable to work out in.  There is some extra cushioning on the base, which is great when running outside or on the treadmill.  The price was great- comparable to what I pay at the Nike outlet.  They are a great purchase.", "I bought this in size 10 since they dont make these in size 9 1/2 W. they were a bit tight still but they adjested to my feet after awhile and are now very comfortable. I wouldnt mind buying another pair.", "iT'S too hard.....for one who is looking for less resistance it's a good option. For me who has knee problems I do not recomend.", "I really love this shoe if fit perfect and feels great on the feet, the price was great and shipping was fast.", "MY bf is a computer geek but I'm sure that now that he has these shoes for exercising, he'll...JUST DO IT.", "shoes came on time and were a good price. they look nice and fit well. there are no problems and i recommend to anyone wanting good running shoes.", "Son lo que esperaba, excelente material,no pesan nada son muy suaves y el color es muy llamativo... seguire comprando en esta pagina", "muy buen produco, desde Venezuela, Gracias por enviarnos tan excelente zapato y de muy buena marca. llego en perfectas condiciones.", "great, comfortable shoes, good color combo and lots of admires.  Have been purchasing NIKE for a couple of years now and will stick with NIKE for now on.", "Great athletic shoe at a great price. Love the colors. Prompt shipping. Size seems to run a tad small...had to send back my first pair and order a size larger.  Wish it also came in a wide width. I use the shoes for walking. They are very light and very comfortable.", "Its an eccellent brand, it fits me perfect, and its very confortable to walk with, and so will buy again", "Needed running shoes on a budget, bought these and have been really happy. I'm sure there are better shoes but for my needs (24-30 miles a week) they are perfect.", "Me gustaron bastante los zapatos. Muchas gracias por la atenci&oacute;n y el servicio!! Estoy bastante complacido por la compra. No tengo ninguna queja con respecto al env&iacute;o. Pens&eacute; que estaba tardando mucho pero ya los tengo en mis manos y ya veo que no tardaron tanto como me hab&iacute;an dicho. Nuevamente gracias.", "Very comfortable! Classic look, we bought these for my nephew and he loved them. These shoes can go with anything, and they are made well.", "Great running shoe! My husband even does trail running in them. Very comfortable. Supports high arches. No complaints. Would recommend to friends", "Let me start by saying the other reviews on here are extremely misleading - they are what got me to buy this product, and I knew immediately after using them it was a mistake.I have been using Nike footwear for all of my athletic activities for over 20 years. I currently run between a mile and three miles on a daily basis in warm up for other athletic activities, specifically boxing. That is considered very low wear for anyone who knows anything about running, and I have had my feet looked at before by running stores and been told that I have virtually no problems (my arc is a bit high).Therefore, I decided I could probably get away with a cheaper pair of running shoes and the other reviews made me feel comfortable with these.First off, these are slightly oversized for Nike. I always wear an 11 and this set was a little big on me. However the much greater concern is the complete lack of support on the interior of the shoe. I made it about a mile before the intense pain forced me to stop.This shoe might work for you if you have a very flat foot, but frankly I don't think its worth it. For $25 more you can go to a store and get a fitted pair of great running shoes and know you won't have any problems.Learn from my mistake - pick something else.", "i have no complains about it. im really happy with the product. the delivery was on time, the product quality is great. the package was the right size.i recomend 100% this product.", "I received the running shoes as promised and notice how light they were, its a great shoe so far only difference is i wear a size 13 and its a little snug but as my running continues i,m sure they will stretch out a little and will be fine thanks.", "Really love Nike all of the products! The shoes are very comfortable and the dark color looks cleaner and look great too!", ".......Very nice looking shoes.... in fact same color as my nike+ watch.If you are a serious runner, this is not your choice.  I tried this new pair in the pavement, and are way tooo hard for the feet.All the impact goes to your knee.  After 10Km you can start feeling pain in your knees.This is my second time buying running shoes from amazon.  Definetly amazon is not the best choice, you better go to a mall or outlet and try the sneaker before to buy.My wife is right in this (with i hates), she says... is for your feet.... you have to try it, and not to save money.This sneakers dont have the socket for the nike+ipod sensor (i use duck tape to fix it to the sneaker)Regards,William Ojeda", "I bought my first pair at a local store for $150 plus tax.  Now almost 1 year later I found them here online and paid just under $100 no shipping and no tax.  Great support, great design, and best of all great colors.  I like the design and colors better than the vomero+ 7 model, so I bought 3 pairs!", "This is the softest and best supporting shoes I own for long distance walking.  With heavy walking, they wear out in less than 1 year, but that's okay.  I would buy another...this is my 2nd pair in 1.5 years!", "Just ordered my third pair of the 6's.  That should say a lot.  I train in all facets: running, stairs, gym, etc.  The only minor complaint I have had is that they wear out a little fast.  The 4 and 5's lasted longer.", "I likey. So comfortable. Please Mr. Nike don't stop making them. Can't find Vomeros in stores. By far the most comfortable shoe I have ever worn.", "excellent product excellent, very good shoes I love and attention was immediate, as received in good condition 100% recommended you purchase another opportunity lo maximo nike shoes ufff", "Arrived in 3 day which was great. Great packaging, the shoes looked better than the picture my husband loved them!", "the product is very good, I have no problem with it.Already been used and is as expected.very nice", "I stick with Nike brand shoes as they seem to fit my large feet (15) very well without having to move to a wide width.  They also seem to run true to size.  I find that Adidas, Rebok, and New Balance tend to run small and narrow.  I'm 6'2\" and 300 lbs. and still playing basketball using these shoes.  I do find that I have to trade them out every 3-4 months because the shoe loses its cushion and my knees start to hurt.  That's understandable given the compression my weight causes on the soles of the shoes.  They hold up very well in my opinion.", "These shoes are the most comfortable shoes ever.  They are so light and airy.  Bought them for work shoes and they are amazing.  My feet feel great after a long day at work.  And so far, they seem to be holding up to the huge amount of walking I do.  Great purchase.", "they are not a 4E, or if they are, they are a small 4E. They did not fit my father who has a wide foot, he refused to give them back to us to exchange for something else. I only found out they were too small after my mom mentioned it, but other than that it's a very nice shoe and will work nicely for your loved one. My dad just has a super super wide foot. We had bought these for him because he loved my husbands shoes, which are exactly like this and not wide. These shoes, from my husbands pov are very comfy and work well for his runs and just walking around, a shame they didn't fit my dad, going to try and have them stretched out.", "Great shoe. true to width. Very happy. Nike wide in a current style is getting harder and harder to find.", "PERFECT,EXCELLENT. ARRIVED IN THE STIPULATED TIME. Exact description. AND EVERYTHING IN ORDER. I would HIGHLY RECOMMEND 100000000% BUY IN THIS SHOP.", "Clunky at best, more of a ortho shoe for old people, would not buy again . Nike can't get it right for people with wider feet.", "they fit beautifully and are as described. a great product. I am very happy with Nike,these shoes will last a long time", "These shoes are low priced, i use to by the Pegassus and when i found these at less than 50% of the price just jumped into them...Bad choice for running. You may use them at the gym or for walking, do not run with them, they are no good for running. I got a few painful injuries after just a few weeks of running with them, slow building painful injuries.I went back to Pegassus again and had no problems since.", "comfortable , affordable, perfect for running/walking. you won't find better shoes at this price, i know because i've tried. Nice !", "These are my favourite pair of cleats. Very comfortable and stable for long hours of playing. The main feature is the friction plate(rubber patch)on the inside of the foot. I feel it improves control and accuracy especially when taking powerful shots.", "i had a pair of these i bought like 5 years ago in tan.  have looked everywhere since for another pair. i was unable to find for years. found these on amazon. ordered them within seconds and am sooo happy. they are even better in black. this field boot is the best. lightweight, durable and too cute! they are also incredibly comfortable. almost feel like a great pair of sneakers on your feet", "Nice sandals,arrived at my Australian address promptly,and are comfortable to wear,I would recommend them after having worn them for a while.", "I wore this sandal twice, since I bought it. Both times it made bruises on my feet. Good looking but not comfortable. They have used too hard material on top and back of the sandal so I don't recommend this product.", "I love Nike ACG sandals.  But the design of most of them has me breaking the attachment for the rear strap.  My last pair I broke, reattached with carefully drilled holes and zip ties (and hidden so you couldn't see them), and still they eventually broke again.This pair, after a full summer of use, are still working out well and haven't broke.  They work well wet (only thing I wear at the boat ramp, where you need good traction as well).  I'm very happy with these sandals.", "Great looking & even better comfoft , good value as well , will not be the only pair or jeters i buy , new classic , instant", "These shoes are extremely comfortable and are wide, which is rare for Nikes. I got the grey ones in size 11. I just recently started jogging again and with these shoes you can definitely feel the difference. The mesh on top of the shoes combined with my mesh socks helps to keep my feet cool.", "I've had several pair of vomeros.  They're the most comfortable running shoe I've ever worn and won't buy anything else until that changes.  Highly recommend these shoes for anyone who is looking for a comfortable running shoe.", "I purchased these from a local running store last fall for $140. They were my first pair of running shoes and are probably the only reason I am still running a year later. I wasn't running much when I first got them, but they took the pain out of my knees and hips. For the past couple of months I've been marathon training, and now the shoes have over 300 miles on them. I'm bad about scuffing my feet while running (I'm far from a graceful runner), so I have prematurely worn down a couple spots on the sole. I'm getting the Vomero +6 again because it is the most comfortable shoe of any type that I've ever worn. I read a review in Runner's World that the Vomero +7 has a thinner sole than the 6, so I'm not willing to change shoes/form 6 weeks before my marathon. I wish Nike would have left a good thing alone, but at least I can still get these on Amazon.", "I was so excited when I got the product. It was everything I imagined it to be, although I viewed the images of it several times online prior to purchasing.After a few days of wearing the shoes (I've only worn it 5 times)within a few weeks after receiving the item. I noticed that a thin line was visible in front of the shoes where the toes point at. Didn't pay much attention to it since it might have been just a small defect and hoped that it would not get worse. I was wrong! Two usage after noticing, the small line became some sort of a crack and seemed to be getting more bigger. The shoes is not that expensive ($100), but just hoped that it would at least have more quality than this. I expected more, since i have always been an avid Nike fan.So disappointed!", "I have a hard to buy for grandson and asked him what he wanted for Christmas....he said a pair of black sandals....nuff said.  So, with nothing else to go on, I commenced my 3 month search for \"black sandals\".  My eyes still hurt from the hundreds of web sites and stores I looked at.  I found these, in a navy color and I agonized for awhile that they were not black.  But, he loved them and wore them alot! ~~~Another satisfied grandchild and exhausted Grammy~~~", "These are what I wanted as they are cool, durable, good looking, and have pockets.  I have an inseam of 36/38 and they go to my mid knee...they are long.", "My husband likes his shorts on the longer side and these fit him just as he likes, good material too", "Great pair of shorts.  I had a pair of black Jordan shorts before and I thought these ones would be the same pair, but they are not, the design is a little different which I like, and the have a nice loose fit like I like.  They are a good pair of basketball shorts.", "Nice look and colors. Breathe very well, and are perfect for sports. Can't go wrong with the Jordan line, they use good materials.", "This is the first pair of running shoes I have had without putting extra arch supports in them.I have the plantar faciitis and this pair of shoes work!  Thank you Nike.", "Excelenet shoes! The shoes are very resistant and look very nice, is a great option to buy!!! super confortable!! i recomend it, even in this color, taht looks amazing!", "I work as a PA (Doctors Assistant) and I'm always on my feet for hours sometimes without breaks. They look very nice with my scrubs. Doctors and other co-workers compliment them all the time. Very comfortable!!  They come in different colors. Love them!!", "I have not bought nike products in over 6 years. After seeing these in JCPenny, i went home and ordered them a week later. They look great, they're light weight, and they're comfortable, not to mention affordable. Best part is that ive never run into anyone else in these. I wish they carried the same exact shoe in different colors", "I love this shirt. I've had it for several months now.  The words are not fading.  I get attentions from fellow runners.  It is comfortable to wear.", "I bought these shoes back in March to transition to minimalist shoes, and after 500 miles, they are still doing great. They were there through a mile PR, 5k PR, 10k PR, and my first marathon. After some breaking in, they worked great on the road and even on the trails. At times, the fit was a little weird, mostly because I have a narrow heel. But again, after breaking them in, they were fine. Although these are minimalist shoes, I wouldn't recommend wearing them without socks, though. Also, they aren't THE MOST minimalist shoes you can find. They don't have TOO much cushioning but they still have a fair amount.", "I like these shoes. I'm a fan of all of the Free Runs. Got this pair for work and I'm on my feet for 12 hours in the day as a nurse, so having something comfortable and lightweight is a must. My foot arch is not too prominent - not completely flatfooted, but almost there. And these are great. I don't like them AS MUCH as the Free Run 3's, but these were approximately $10 cheaper so i'm not complaining. The newer Free Runs fit my arch a little better.", "To bad the soles are falling apart after 3 uses to work . Not sure why they Are falling apart", "i don't use these to run, but i keep them clean to wear them to work and outside of work. i love them. i don't wear socks with them, and my feet feel amazing using them. i definitely recommend spending the extra bucks in buying them.", "The shoes arrived on time, brand new and just like the picture on line. My daughter runs track and absolutely loves them. No blisters, light as a feather. I would highly recommend them.", "When will a size eight in these nike free runs be available? They have been out of my size for a while now and I was planning on purchasing them soon.", "Item was delivered within the period specified by the seller. the shoes was comfortable and exactly meets my expectation, although i could have gotten the grey one which was my first choice.  However, it was not available at that time.", "We just moved to the south and its too humid here.My son's  feet were too sweaty all the time and I bought these as a \"back to school\" gift. A little pricy but worth every penny. in other words, not your average Grandps's socks.", "warm, comfortable fit, looks good, delivered promptly, may purchase another in different color and size for younger son, good quality product", "I bought these running shoes for everyday use. At first sight they are beautiful and retro styled. They remind me of Nike's running shoes from the 80s. After I ordered them they arrived quite quickly. When I tried them on, they were good fitting and were true to size. They are quite comfortable and they are expertly built but then again they are Nike's, what do you expect? I still have these shoes today and they are still as comfortable as the day I got them. If you are looking for a good pair of running shoes that are comfortable and would stand up to the test of time and wear and tear, then these are for you!", "Just take a look at this,Today is September 27, 2012 -- Still Shipping SoonThey might be assembling the wheels and Embroiding the Nike Logos all by hand.Wow, is it,,Hand made Nike bag now???I need to explain to my little daughter, it is hand made...VERY IMPRESSIVE,,SHIPPING DATE===========================================Order Placed:September 23, 2012Delivery Estimate: Thursday September 27, 2012 - Tuesday October 2, 2012Shipping Soon===========================================", "Great running shoes, quick delivery time, and a good price.  There is a device embeded in the sole which sync(s) with your iPhone/iPod.  This allows you to easily track how far you run, jog, or walk using your iPhone/iPod, and you can upload these to your own personal \"Nike+\" personal website.  Very handy tool to track your progress.", "I love this shirt, the material is different, but a great shirt.  I don't know where this mp3 headphone area is on the shirt though.  I would highly recommend it!", "Very good shoes. these shoes are comfortable and supportive, but not very nice looking. The shoes are not true to size and although my foot size is 9, I ordered a size 10.5 to have it fit.", "Finally they arrived!!! it took a long time... and the box came all sqaushed but it did not affect the shoes, and they are very comfortable! Good Purchase!", "I frequently run in these shorts on a treadmill.  Personally, I prefer the longer length of shorts like this pair.  They keep my waist tightened, but not uncomfortable; and they offer protection to the thigh/knee areas when running.I have done some jogging outdoors with them as well with my active dog.  They are very comfortable, and very flexible.", "NIce backpack with lots of space and departments.  Very durable. It was not bulky but big enough for my son to carry all of his books for school and a side pocket for snacks and water.", "great design i would say.both sides have a large invisible cup holder which i found really useful!but somehow it is too small for pack up all my books for school!well it's still a great backpack for working out in gym but IF YOU WANT A BEG FOR YOUR BOOKS,PLEASE CHOOSE ANOTHER ONE!", "My Son got it on time for school and he very happy with it. I am now looking for one for my daughter", "I ordered these shoes in a size 2.5 for my son. These shoes were a perfect fit! He loves them! They are great looking and comfortable! Great product! Great price! Fast shipping!", "I bought 2 pairs for my boys for Christmas.  They were ecstatic!!  These shoes have worn well and the boys report they are great on the court.", "This shoe arrived way ahead of schedule and was the first time that I bought school shoes online. My son was very pleased with the look and I was very please with the price.", "I hope they never stop making these. I wish they would make darker colors also. They are great shoes for narrow feet. I would go up a half size.", "You get what you pay for and I appreciated getting cleats in my size 14 for such a cheap price. The cleats worked well for about half a season and then the cleats (which are bolted in with screws) start moving. Thats when your feet start hurting. Other than that the shoe was light, well built and comfortable. But this is the first and last shoe I ever buy with bolted in cleats. Strangely enough If I had to do it again I would buy them again for lite, lite, play. If you are competitive, dont even think about it.", "A little background on myself... I am an AVID shoe lover. I have owned well over 500 pairs of shoes in my life and currently own over 100 that I can and do wear. I am a career retail manager and managed a Journeys Shoe store for almost 4 years which was by far my favorite job of any I've had.I purchased a pair of these the week they came out. I wore the **** out of them. I instantly fell in love and have had a hard time even wearing other pairs of shoes because nothing I have owned is quite as comfortable. Over the time I have owned these shoes, the sole, mesh, and cushion (air bubble) have stayed almost like the day I bought them. They have gotten worn, but not worn out. I clean, wash, and take extensive care of all of my shoes. Even with continuous maintenance and upkeep I did eventually wear out the top leather on the front of the shoe. Unfortunately part of owning white shoes is that they inevitably do get dirty to they point that they can no longer look like new and/or be cleaned. This took a little over a year for me with constant/daily wear probably around 300 days out of the year.At that time I then purchased a SECOND pair of these shoes. I payed $150 for them the second time vs the $169.99 the first time. I am heavily contemplating going ahead and purchasing ANOTHER pair of these to have/wear when I wear the second pair out. I love them that much... and apparently everyone else does too. Almost everywhere I go someone comments on how nice they look or how much they love them. Nike really messed up by not coming out with a white/grey combo in the 2012 version but honestly I like the detail/mesh on the 2011 better anyways, I just want to know that I can always get a pair later on.Take my word for it... you will NOT regret getting a pair of these, or two, or three...", "The shipping service was excellent. I must say with Amazon you don't have to be afraid to get the wrong size; I ordered a 12 and so I got a 12. The shoe is very decent. Has a very slight gloss of purple in bright light. Looks cool with any clothes that have light purple or grey and of course black. However, I must include the fact that within a week of usage there I noticed a tear on the front left side of the right shoe. So it goes to show that the material of this shoe is not the best and so I'm giving this 3 stars instead of 5.", "My name is Matt Gyokery and I am a college student at Cal State San Marcos and also work at big 5 sporting goods.  I just graduated from Westview high school and played football for 5 years. I purchased these cleats going into my senior year. Pryor to my vapor carbons I had always had detachable cleats and never really had a problem with them. I switched to the vapor carbons because I just wanted a lighter cleat that would make me faster. Lots of my friend and teammates had molded cleat bottoms and always talked about how great they were so I thought I had to try them. Although there were some things that I liked about my old cleats I loved what my new vapor carbons allowed me to do.When I was first trying on these cleats I discovered there narrowness. Also the tongue of the shoe is connected not allowing you to open up the cleat to put your foot in, making it is very hard to put the cleat on. I had to get my ankle tapped during the season and because of the narrowness it made it hard to get my foot in with the tape on. In addition, I tried to put on the cleats with an ankle brace and it would not fit. These cleats do not offer much ankle support to begin with so it would have been nice to use an ankle brace or something to support my ankle. Due to the cleat it is not possible to fit your foot in with a brace on. Although if you really need support you can get your ankle taped and although it will be tight there is enough room to fit in your foot with the tape.The first time you wear the cleats they hurt your feet and take a few days to break in. Even after you break them in they still made my feet soar every time after I wore them. Although to me this slight pain is worth it. The cleats make you faster and quicker and although the cleats are tight it makes it feel like they are just a part of your foot. These cleats truly allow you play to the highest of your abilities.These cleats have molded bottoms that are good for both grass and turf. Although I would probably recommend them more for playing on turf. I played on both and each surface was very similar.Not only were these cleats common among high school athletes, but if you turn on the television any Sunday you will see them worn by professional athletes. This shows that athletes that can choose any cleat are choosing the vapor carbons proving they are one of the best.I used these cleats for my whole football season and still use them to play football with my friends on the weekend and they have held up nicely. They are starting to get some rips in them but have held up great for the year that I needed them. You can easily use these cleats for a year and probably two. I know when it does come time though for me to get new Gycleats I will be getting vapor carbons again. I absolutely love these cleats and no other cleats compare. After you have worn vapor carbons you will never want to wear a different cleat again.", "I play utltimate frisbee. Since the player movements are very similar to football players, these cleats are the best choice for me. This is the second time I get this cleats, and I have absolutely no regrets about it. They're perfectly comfortable. I love the sole because of the traction that it provides, specially in turf. The design it's beautiful. I would definitely recomend this cleats to any football or ultimate frisbee player!", "I originally bought the Nike Men's Cortez shoes as part of my Forrest Gump Halloween Costume and afterwards I was just going to use them walking around my property. I found that they were way more comfortable so I started wearing them everyday and they are so comfortable! I am very happy with these shoes. The only thing to watch out for is that they dirty up really quickly if you don't watch it. That doesn't really matter to since I don't really care what people think of my walking shoes.", "This is a nice shoe. Yep, but you need to be careful because it is off size. About a half size smaller than usual one. Take a half size larger then it will be fine", "I purchased these Nikes for a friend overseas and was thrilled that they were the REAL thing (i.e., not a copy from China).  The price was the same as on the NIKE website but they were delivered FREE in two days thanks to my Prime membership!  I am very happy with this purchase!", "Long time New Balance fan, got a good deal on these.  I walk about 15 miles a week. Old New Balance were a little tight @11.5EEEE, so ordered these in a 12EEEE. I wish I would have ordered 11.5EE. These are a little big, but they still feel great. I'm even starting to run more in these.", "When getting ready to go out for a work out we think about comfortable clothing and the same thought comes to mind when you choose what shoes to wear? The most appropriate for the occasion would be shoes that don't make your feet hurt or cause you to have blisters. Going through many shoes deciding whether they make me feel satisfied with my purchase I found Nike Running shoes that answered all my questions relating to whether they are worth spending your money on, the comfort of the shoe, and durability.Worth Purchasing: 10/10Purchasing Nike shoes would be a good product to look into buying because of the variety. Many people would go with other brands because they are less expensive. But if they would think about comparing the prices, then you will realize that you are paying around the same price. Think about it this way you buy a pair of a different brand shoes because the shoes are less expensive. They approximately will only last about three months or more depending on how much you put them to use. Making you spend around thirty to forty dollars. Going on one year cost you would buy three pairs a year and pay an estimated amount of ninety to one hundred and twenty dollars. Now going to Nike running shoes they are high priced compared to the other brands but if you where to buy a pair of Nike shoes you would only need to buy one pair a year depending on the use or even last a couple of months more. The price would be estimated from fifty to two hundred dollars. Giving that each time you go for the different brand shoes you would need to spend money for gas, will consume your time if you're an occupied person, and you would have to pay taxes on each transaction. When going for Nike shoes you would only go and pay taxes once. Nike shoes are appropriate for all ages and come in different shoe sizes while other brands only make shoes for certain ages or shoes sizes, which gives you a small amount of selection. The Nike shoes also comes in different styles and colors if you are a person who likes to match their shoes with the clothing used for your workouts this would be a good product to look into purchasing because of the variety.Comfort: 10/10Having the right shoes helps from how you feel at the beginning, throughout, and at the end of the workout. The material of what the shoe is made of is to create comfort on your feet. Given that with every step you take you have balance. Nike shoes have different features some are for running or training and selecting which ones would fit best would be up to the buyer because each one has more features. For me there was not a doubt having come out of knee surgery and starting therapy I needed a shoe that met all my needs from comfort to stability. The feature that benefited me the most would be the good heal support which took a lot of the impact off my knee and my arches on my feet feel well after a good workout that usually consists of runs and sprints to hikes on mountains.Durability: 10/10Nike running shoes from personal experience last a longer, because of the good material they are made of; the sole of the shoe is strong and durable. Making the shoe have a good grip on which ever surface the shoes are used on. They are also machine washable which makes it easy to clean and would not rip easily because of the fabric they are made from. The flexibility the  Nike shoe holds also helps because the shoe is not shift like other shoe brands that when you wear them they start to wear out, mostly on the parts where your feet have more motion creating creases that soon lead to rips.In my opinion Nike running shoes are a product to buy because it is worth the money you spend on, they bring comfort while working out, and they will last long. These shoes give you the confidence to go on your workout without worries that they might have been the wrong choice. When purchasing your next pair of shoes weight out your options and you will see that Nike running shoes are the most beneficial product.", "I bought these shoes about a month before my marathon, trained in them 4 or 5 times before the race, and wore them for the race. I am 5 ft 10, 170 pounds and I ran a 3:55 marathon with no issue from my shoes. They are very comfortable, decent cushion and no blisters. A solid buy.", "I need well fitting comfortable sneaker for walking, in good price range!!11/9/13i just walked in them, my right heel on the inner aspect is not supportive,hence had to put in a medial wedge /heel only,now it is comfortable.May be the right sneaker is defective", "Nike Air Max Moto have been my choice of running shoe for over 10 years. After receiving a recommendation from a running store in 2001, I have continued to buy the latest version of this shoe and have yet to be disappointed.These shoes provide a great fit and endure harsh conditions and treatment. A good shoe for your workout or just to wear.", "I bought this pair of shoes about a month ago. Feel very comfortable when I wear them.The design is beautiful and price is reasonable. Received the product in a timely manner.", "I walk for my job and waking up in the morning with bad feet was annoying. These shoes are great and have great support. I have not had any aching after the day is over. Consider this: I walk from 9-5 some times more 6 days. Its been a month and I wanted to let people know that the shoes are still \"together\" no problems with them falling apart and having to return. Also I would like to say that I have flat feet. So if that helps anyone.", "I love these shoes. They were a bit narrow but I just tied them a little bit looser and they stretched out to my foot. I love the look and style of them.", "I had to resell it because it was too small, don't represent the real size that they sell. It must be realistic", "This Nike shoe is just what I ordered.  It is a good value, fits well and works with my orthotics  I will buy this shoe again.", "Love them but the 6 fits small n i wear a 6 and i have other air max n their all size 6 and they fit just right", "very comfortable shoes. The water shield is nice it also serves as a dirt shield lol. I live in the country and very dusty. Its nice that dirt and dust does not \"seep in\" the shoe and get my feet dusty!", "My son says it is a good buy. It is more than adequate hold his gear. There is room enough and good sections.", "Light but durable. Would prefer extra inside pocket for toiletries. Bought it for my son at college. He's happy with it. Hope it lasts at least the year!", "Just what I was looking for!I should have bought it on eBay though....then I would be able to post comments without having to use a minimum number of words.  Go eBay!  Life is to short!", "Pros:Functional, perfect size for my daily gym regimenSturdy constructionLooks goodGood value for $Cons:Might not have enough space for someFew pockets/compartments might be inadequate for someI really like this bag for it's optimal size and simplicity. I use it to carry a pair of gym/running shoes, shorts, t-shirt, socks, gym towel, shower towels and hair brush, padlock, sunscreen in the single (zipper) pocket. Plenty of space for all that, and there's actually an open (non-zipper) pocket on the other end that I don't use. (bet others definitely would) It would have been nice to have a separate compartment for shoes/soiled clothes, but this wasn't a deal breaker for me. In fact, I kinda like the single, big container space to just toss everything into -- just my personal preference. Not for those looking to carry A LOT of stuff and those seeking lot of separate pockets/compartments. Good product: recommend purchase.", "I use this bag to go to the gym, it is perfect to hold my shoes / workout clothes.  It is a small, well made bag, which is just what I was looking for.", "It holds my stuff. Done!It's roomier than I thought it was, so that's a plus. If you're looking for something to just hold a pair of sneakers and gym clothes, though, this is way too big.", "Love these shoes but they do run a little big so I would order a half to a full size smaller. It's weird because my other nike 6.0's run true to size but these don't. Besides the fit, these shoes are awesome, they feel and look sick.", "The UPPER of these 'Nike Dart VIII' sneakers are made of lightweight breathable mesh with metallic silver colorway (for greater visibility when running in the dark).I like these light running shoes. Although, my feet don't sweat, the 'Nike Dart VIII' breathable mesh definitely keeps my feet cooler during a workout.The OUTSOLE has a waffle pattern for greater traction and durability and, the beveled heel provides a lightweight, cushioned impact.I find the outsole and heel effective in absorbing shocks while jogging/running, especially on hard surfaces.SEE MY PHOTOS IN CUSTOMER IMAGESThe 'Dart VII series' are affordably priced, running shoes with a well cushioned, supportive fit.I easily converted my into a pair of Nike+ running shoes.  Now, my 'Nike Dart VIII' can monitor my workout using the Nike App on my iPod Touch just as good as expensive Nike+ sneakers.  I laced theGrantwood Technology Shoe Pouchonto the left sneaker to fit myApple iPod Wireless In-Shoe Sensor.  It's that simple!These 'Nike Dart VIII' sneakers are comfortable and versatile - 5 STARSHope this review was helpful ...Jeffrey A. (Jeff)", "This is one good looking sneaker, only thing that I wish was that I had tried it on in the store first. They suggest to order 1/2 size larger, I think one size larger is better to be safe. Otherwise a great purchase.", "This was came as advertised and my girlfriend was very happy with the sneakers, the size and the color. Would recommend.", "The shoe is of good quality but the nike signature inside the shoe fades away. After I first wore the shoe i realised that that the nike signature started to fade away.The quality is very good but it still leaves me contemplating whether the shoe is of 100% genuine standards.", "I looove this shoes.They look amazing, and they are the most confortable! I really like them.Got them on time and in perfect confitions.", "Bought a pair from Usatf because they looked sweet. While they were comfortable and snazzy looking, they do not last very long. There's two straps that are sewn onto a little black plastic piece that is encased in the bottom of the sandal. The straps seem tare quite easily. I fixed the first one that start breaking with a cable tie, but it seems to keep taring it different spots. I would not recommend this sandal.", "Pros:The shoes color is pretty good and comfy.Cons:There is a little problem that sides of the shoes get wrinkled, and the inner backside looks like it will wear out fast.", "The shirt arrived in good condition and on time. However, it is burnt orange and not gray like the photo. My son has plenty of orange UT shirts, I liked that this was gray instead.", "Avoid these shoes. They are too narrow, stiff, and unstable. Probably the worst running shoes I've ever worn.On top of that, after 5 weeks running on the streets and the gym treadmill the air capsule of the right shoe broke, rendering the pair completely useless.This last thing is actually good -as I now got a pair of acsis -much, much better for running.", "MY SON LOVES THIS SHOE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I GOT THEM FOR GYM CLASS BUT HE WEARS THEM ON A REGULAR. NICE FIT AND THE SHOE HOLDS UP VERY WELL. DELIVERY WAS FAST.", "I did like them but unfortunately the size run really small and they didn't fit me so I send them back.", "I have 2 pairs, they are light for such a big hightop. Because they have the 360 sole, they are VERY comfortable, these are getting rare and expensive...", "i must admit i hate water shoes. i feel the insoles always come loose and you end up throwing them out. BUT here with these shoes there is no insole. its so nice to be in a water park or the beach and not worry about my water shoes. listen these are very comfortable as i have purchased them for my girl friend as well and she uses them to simply \"chill\" in. great water shoes at a great price.. thinking of getting them????? just do it!!!!!", "I wear this every Monday Wednesday and Friday when I work on my upper body, it feels great! I love how it feels, I don't feel all nasty and wet and feel like my clothes is sticking to my body after I'm done with my work out, not tight nice and loose, some people might not like it like that but I do, I recommend if you want it a little tight then get a size lower, I got the size I wear on my regular shirts and it was a little big but I like it like that.", "This model of Nike shoe is okay. I do not like the white colored toe because it gets dirty very quickly.", "I bought this pair of shoes for my daughter. The colour is unique as well as the style. She says her frieds aolso like them, so I am sure I have made a good purchase.", "I was very excited to receive the shoes, but when I opened the box one of the shoe was dirty. They are fake Air Force Ones... I have been ordering off Amazon for the past 3 years, and this has been my worst experience ever... I will never order from Amazon again... Very mad customer..., It doesn't deserve a full star.", "Great work out shirt.  Fits and breathes nicely.  I've gotten several compliments on the style and color.  Shipping took a little longer and wasn't traceable, but the wait was well worth it.", "I'm so happy when I got this product. Very good quality and fits perfectly for me. Exactly what was in the product description. Fast shipping too! I'm very satisfied. Thank you Amazon.", "I have had 3 versions of Nike slides over the years.  The first pair finally wore completely out after 2 years of casual wear.  The second lasted 1 year.  This particular sandal, the First String Slide, has been my grab and go choice of footwear and has served as my \"house shoes\" since December 2011.  So, after 11 months of nearly daily wear, they have finally begun to give way to flattening and thinning.  For the first 6 months they were comfortable and and adequate for the price and style.  Let's face it, this is a $20 pair of slide on flip flops, not a $150 pair of gel cushion athletic shoes.  These aren't made for extensive, grueling walks, long distance running, or hiking...but they are great for a quick trip to the store, mailbox or pool.  They hold up pretty well, and they look great too.  The blue is as stated, royal, and looks nice in contrast to the black.  I gave 4 stars instead of 5 because the sole does begin to \"mold\" to your foot and eventually the area beneath my heels began to flatten more quickly than the rest of the sole.  This is what eventually leads to the slide becoming uncomfortable.  Regardless, I'll gladly keep dishing out 20 bucks a year for these great slides.", "Great shoes, very comfortable the colors are the perfect combination,  I use every day to go to the work or go out with my friends", "The product arrived on time and was exactly what was asked for.  Great experience, I highly recommend doing business here.", "My husband asked me to order more so he must like them! They seem to be a nice sock for the middle price range, not cheap but not too expensive.", "Good socks. Sporty and comfortable. Good for sports activity or casual wear. Will look for more of these in other colors.", "Great socks but the price sucks! Too High for only three pair of socks. There good but not at that price.", "These socks more that lived up to my expectation, soft well contructed and very strong.  I know I will be wearing them for a long time to come.", "My son wears these in gym class, good sock, popular and wears/ washes well. highly recommend for those kids wearing the slide sandals", "At 71% cotton/27% nylon/2% spandex, these feel like basic cotton socks to me.  They are fine for normal wear, but I wouldn't consider them moisture wicking or performance socks.  They don't compare to the Drymax, etc.", "I gave it 4 starts as it not as shown , the gray paint strip thing wasn't with the one i got , mine was all white well if i think about it its not that big of a deal. It fit well , feel comfortable , tight , sporty that am going to buy another pack soon.", "This is a great walking shoe for beginners who are trying to lose weight--good support, light, durable and pretty comfortable! You get a little bit of bounce in the shoe from the air pumps inside and good breathe-ability from the mesh uppers. They do fit a little tight so you might want to get one or a half size larger--I wear 10 1/2 so I purchased an 11, and from Shoe Station, through Amazon. Ordered them on Wednesday night (Aug 31) and received them on Friday (Sept 2)!! Really fast shipping, though I didn't pay extra for it--AND saved about $6 on the price as well. I mostly use these for Mall walking and neighborhood walks, at the grocery store, etc, and they keep my feet from getting tired. Highly recommended!", "My son is a swimmer and needed something that could carry workout clothes, school clothes, 2 pairs of shoes, 2 towels, soap/shampoo, a jammer, and snacks. I was worried before ordering that bag that there would be enough room. I was pleasantly surprised when it arrived as it is exactly the right size for all of his stuff. It's also a light weight, yet well built. There are separate compartments to keep things separated. Shoes go on one end, snack on the other. The adjustable shoulder strap is padding and curved so it conforms to your shoulder - perfect if you ride a bike or motorcycle.Basically, if you are a swimmer, soccer, basketball or other sports player and need to keep everything in one bag for your busy lifestyle, this is exactly what this is for. You could fit a ball in here too if you made room. And yes, this is genuine Nike gear.", "i bought this for my boyfriend for work and he absolutely loves it! its bigger than i thought, but it fits everything he needs. i would repurchase again!", "Very pretty and nice quality Nike duffle bag. Shipped fast. Is durable and just the right size. Happy with my purchase.", "muy complacido por el pedido q llego sin ningun retraso gracias muchas gracias lo recomiendo a todos los que deseen comprar", "I gave it 5 stars because the bag has plenty of room for gym stuff.  The material is light, but durable.", "I saw this bag at Sports Authority but of the blue color. I looked at Amazon and saw it was cheaper and had more color options, so I decided to buy from here.The red looked much nicer, because it seemed like a dark red color, but actually the color is bright red, which was misleading from the photo.The shape of the bag is much nicer when full, so that's why it's stuffed on the photo and also at the stores they fill the bags with air plastic bags. The bag has some frame on the sides but not it's enough so when it's not full it look deflated.", "Nice looking, name brand, blue, what more can you ask for. Use it for the gym or for pick up games at the park. Can fit a basketball, more then one Gatorade, extra pair of basketball clothes, cell phone. All the thing needed for a gym rat.", "This is a pretty good bag. I probably could have read the description more carefully, but I thought it would have been bigger.  Overall, it performs it's function, but it's a little pricey for the size.", "We love this duffle, we have been looking for one for a while and my son loves it. Thank you so much.", "Okay product little more expensive than what I thought it should be not as durable as I thought it would be would not purchase another one", "I was supprised to see how the big duffel bag came into a little box. Holds a lot and I'm a Nike fan as well.", "If you don't carry more than shoes, a towel and gym clothes.  This is the right bag for you.  I wouldn't suggest getting a larger bag, unless, you are carrying sporting equipment with you.  Great bag, which I use every day!", "Great quality, perfect size for the gym as well as carry on for air travel. Exactly what I expected from the description", "Let me just start off by saying that I was afraid that the Nike bag would arrive after NOVEMBER 3. I originally bought this item for my trip on November 3 and I didn't need a big and bulky suitcase to lug around. I received it BEFORE the delivery estimate!! I received it yesterday, October 26.Haven't had any time to experience with it yet, but I will take a look at what all will fit this weekend.I will post a video and pictures this weekend, so that you can see for yourself if the product pictures are enough for you to buy this item.This bag include 2 large side pockets (perfect for your lacrosse shoes or passport and airline tickets if you're flying with carry on baggage. It has a handle on the side for easier handling, which is very nice as well. Inside the bag, you'll find a sturdy piece of plastic to support all your various personal belongings.I WILL EDIT THIS AND ADD TO THIS REVIEW AFTER MY TRIP NEXT WEEK!Thanks", "I expected a canvass- like duffel bag that would maintain its structure and durability ; however, this bag is sorta flimsy and the material is really thin. this is not the type of bag that you can throw around or that will sustain as much abuse as a canvass bag. All that said, I still like the bag, the design looks really good and the side pockets are spacious. I would have loved this bag if it had an additional pocket (for keys, cell-phone/ wallet).", "Bought the nike bag just to go to the gym, but it has gone on 3 trips with me. Its the perfect size to use as a carry on!", "Good quality product. Seems to fit everything I need with some room to spare:- 1 pair of shoes- change of clothes- 2 water bottles- towel- jump ropes- wrist guards", "I expected a smaller bag. The bag is a bit too big to go to the gym or track practice", "We bought this bag for my son as he is getting into more and more sports going into the 7th grade, he plays soccer, basketball and baseball. He loved the bag and it seems very durable for him.", "A very simple, small bag to hold a pair of shoes, gym clothes, and a towel.  It has a separate compartment on the front if you want to separate wet stuff from dry stuff.  It easily fits inside my locker at the gym with room to spare.  Note it is soft sided, so no rigid bottom or structured compartment if you're looking for that.", "This bag is a gift for my wife and she is really satisficed with this product. I am happy with my buy.", "Very nice product and is pretty small but has quite a few pockets for you phone and to keep your money safe.", "The shoulder strap snapped off (the nylon band came clean away from the stitching) after 7 very light uses - just going back and forth to the gym, in the car.  Overpriced piece of junk.", "Bag is great. It's small, but you can fit a lot in it. Perfect for an every day gym bag and even an overnight bag.", "I love the colour of this bag, it is really nice and it may not look like it could hold much at first, but it has a good bit of space inside.", "Really nice and great size for my kid. Ideal for school, P.E. and the gym. It had space for wet clothes.", "this bag is light and breathes well.  I now wish it had more pockets, as it only has one small one on the inside and the outside zipper.  great buy to hold some shoes and clothes", "I love the bag. The size is perfect for my water bottle, towel, gym book, and other things I might need.", "I was looking for an attractive sports bag to carry my golf shoes, and I found it!  The price was perfect.", "I take this bag to the gym in the mornings and then carry it to work with me.  It's the perfect size for one outfit + an umbrella + plus whatever misc. work stuff I have.  Seems durable so far, just what I was looking for.", "Despite this product is small is very confortable and usefull. I recommend it for go out the street in day to day.", "Good bag fits what I need for gym. Doesn't look big either to carry, nice and stylish no matter where you go.", "fast shipment i love the color as well. i am just a bit concern on the material it doesnt look that durable.", "Love it, it's cute and small, fits lots of stuff, the pocket in the front comes in handy, very useful!", "Gave this to my girlfriend for the gym and she loves it. Good size and nice quality. Expands to hold a surprising amount.", "I bought this for my husband.  He needed a small gym bag that wasn't too bulky--just something big enough to fit some clean clothes and the essentials.  It's compact and has a nice, simple design.", "I only wish it had 2 zippers on the front compartment. Other than that it fits my needs perfectly for gym", "This shoes from Nike Shox is OK.... Actually I didn't like the colors they have, it's more beautiful from the website.", "I have bought these snickers and it was a great decision. No problema with the size, color or fit. Really a good deal", "They are after one year of walking and couple runs almost in mint condition. They are very comfortable and not too pricey. My brother has the same but black and we love this shoes. Would buy these again.", "I just ordered these shoes for my daughter who is a senior in HS. She ran in a huge competition this past Saturday with them and bettered her previous pr (personal record) by one minute and came in first in a field of over two hundred other runners! She loves the shoes - says they feel great, are light weight, and she simply loves to run in them! What more can you say!", "I love this shoe! I do , however, think they run a tad small.. Would recommend going up half a size, but I think I'll stick with the size I got. I am sure they will stretch as all sneakers tend to do. Especially if you are planning on wearing them everyday.", "My 7 yr old son loves these shoes.  They are very durable and he is very rough when it comes to a pair of shoes.  I've had to replace the shoestrings, but the shoe is still lasting.", "They are light, flexible and sturdy, hopefully they would last longer than his previous Nike shoes. They look really cool and nicer than pictured.", "fits great, true to size. looks good, the 90's had the best sneakers. nike makes the best shoes & clothes. the shipping was fast and if you are a retro person these are for you.", "I was very pleased with this purchase. The shoes are of excellent quality, very pretty (the color combination is really nice) and comfortable. Highly recommended!", "these shoes are a great fit and comfortable to wear.they are very supportive to.thanks for a great pear of shoes.", "Great shoes my son loves them . His second pair of this style. I think they are the nicest ones he had bought", "The shoe is very comfortable and goes with any white and blue shirt/hoodie. Good quality and mich cheaper than other websites.", "Quality ... it seems authentic.  I love it. Fits nicely!Cons:  Its a bit pricy, but that's everywhere with these kinds of team shirts", "had these in the og color when they were released in the early 90's. Fit like a glove, great quality.", "These are my new favorite baseball cleats!  Nike brand solid; these cleats are sturdy and comfortable.  I'm a size 13+, but these don't feel like boats on my feet.  Had my best tournament yet playing in these!", "most comfortable shoe in the world!  use it at the gym or walking around.  the shoe makes you a little tall so watch out going hiking with it, cause you might tip over on a heavy slope.  good for walking on pavement or on hilly streets.  i go walking with these shoes most every day for 1/2 hour at a time and they feel GREAT!", "This Nike edition is the most comfortable trail show that I have ever purchased.  I have had problems finding Nike in widths, but did locate this one in, I believe, 2EE.  Without a doubt the most comfortable.", "This product has a great weight for my kickboxing class. But the covering is not durable enough to handle that repeated kicks.", "Nike is my favorite brand. These are so light and airy. I get claustrophobic when wearing tennis shoes too long because they are heavy, but these are so light and comfy. I'd buy them again and again.", "this was a gift for my boss....he loved it...came just in time to very very nice for the price! Looked everywhere for Nike bags as he is such a Nike fan & I loved the price as it wasnt too expensive..really recommend this seller & product.", "item set as original but i doubt that it is. overall good as i dont expect it to be original.", "Lets start by establishing what normal gear you would put in this bag.Running Shoes (10.5 sized), shirt, gym shorts, and a water bottle.Exclude any other items you may want to put in this bag. Why? It wont fit. In fact you may want to carry that 20 oz. water bottle because that will barely fit.I bought the bag because have a gym class in college (the fact I have to take a gym class in college is anothersanother story) and I have to do some labs that are in the textbook in class. This is not a large book. Its about the size of a generic floppy workbook.  The purpose this bag was supposed to serve was to be a quick grab and go when I have to go to my car and switch backpacks or if I just wanted to bring both with me. I can't do that now because of the low capacity it has.Just be mindful that if you are to purchase this bag, putting in shoes will make it uncomfortable to wear. If you do put shoes in the bag it cant be basketball shoes because otherwise nearly nothing else will fit. When you do cram everything in there, don't pay attention to the lack of cushion on your back. The straps don't feel sturdy, so this is not a school backpack.But hey. I have a victory swoosh on the back.", "This bag is just what I needed for my workout clothes and a pair of sneakers. The build is solid and the synthetic material is strong, so I know it won't tear easily. The straps are slim and are comfortable to carry (the bag doesn't have much weight in it any way). Perfect for my needs.", "This bag holds more than we expected for it's size.  The straps are not rope, like most of this type are.  Instead, they are a solid strap.  Much more comfortable!", "I was looking for a small-ish to medium size gym bag, just big enough to hold a couple water bottles, some weight lifting stuff, and my wallet/keys. This is exactly what I was looking for! Looks like its well made and will last.", "Love the bag! It is well made and looks cool. This is an improvement from the previous versions. The caring straps are wider to spread out the weight of the bag.", "the service was very fast and was really satisfied with the quality of the product...it was used for school and we love it!!", "I'm using this product while commuting to the office. It's not fancy but very functional and meets all the needs it advertises.", "Wonderful,Great, Son very happy, Best One He Every Had. Now the twins wants a few for college. Thank You .. Price is very Low", "All Nike shoes are overpriced, poor quality. My son buys them because that what players are wearing. They don't last more then 6 months. He is light weight 6 ft tall. I sent one pair to Nike, they called it regular wear and tear.", "Ok, so Im a guy but these socks are great.  They have a good construction and are soft.  I hate socks that show over your shoes and these cover my feet very well, but are no show when Im wearing shoes.  These are great!Men and women alike should buy these.  Great socks!", "I was very lucky to find these shoes. This colorway is hot and the shoe is very comfortable. Great to play basketball in or just wear them with a pair of shorts. The flywire makes it light and the 360 Air Max makes it ultra comfortable cushioning every step you take. Definitely a great purchase.", "I work at a job that requires you to be on your feet all night so I needed a shoe to be able to keep my feet comfortable. These aren't the best, but they do support the feet and ankles. They do feel sort of like platform shoes. (Just a little  bit) but they are still comfortable. I LOVE the colors and will probably be buying the white/black ones next.", "These shoes have held up well. After a couple of months, I have machine washed 2-3 x's and they clean up great. My son says they make him faster :)", "ever see a shirt decorated by pouring glue type substance on it ?  the glue type substance always comes loose immediately ... very disappointed", "The soles are hard and uncomfortable to run in. When you tightnen the shoes it cuts off the circulation. They fit good otherwise", "the real deal, for half the price. Any one looking for comfort, style, and looks good this is the deal for you.my new nikes at half the price. trust me.", "My daughter loves wearing these shoes outside in the backyard, in and out the pool, everywhere! Where other shoes can not go in and out of the water, these DO! These are our second pair. The first pair was hot pink and black of the same brand/style. These do show stains (dirt, etc) more than the darker colors.", "These shoes were decent quality and exactly as described. I did not have a problem with the shoes but I have lower arches in my feet however and these did not fit comfortably so I returned them.", "Perfect tenis shoes my toddler loves it, real nike brand, so comfortable, nice design, real air buble, all the quality of nike in this product.", "I ordered these for my son at his request. He loves them! They fit him perfect. He wears them often and he says they are very comfortable. They look very nice and the quality is excellent as should be expected with a Nike product. As much wear and tear as he puts on them they are still in good shape. I would highly recommend these.", "Thought they looked really cool and they do look good wearing them. However they are Really Really uncomfortable! They were not worth the money.", "Probably the best running shoe I have owned so far. Comfortable and lite. Ran a pb in them over 5km.", "Bought Nike Women Zoom. Since I had Hammer toe surgery, I needed a wider shoe in the toe area to accommodate the inserts. This shoe is good, roomy and comfortable. I do 6 miles a day on my treadmill and need a reliably cushioned shoes. Very pleased.", "Without a doubt, the most comfortable work out shoe around today!  I wear them for cross training and they provide stability in addition to the feeling of walking on air.  Thanks Nike and Amazon!!  :)", "I LOVE LOVE LOVE these shoes.  They feel like you are wearing nothing at all.  They are lightweight almost like air and cushioned with tremendous support. I have trouble finding shoes to wear in a department store on concrete all day long but these were great on the feet and the all black shoe looked nice with dress pants.  Now, I want a pair in each color!", "These are my second pair of Nike Free in black, love love love them! So light and comfortable. I wear them for work everyday in the black...and have them in other colors for the gym too. fit nicely too, true to size!", "The shoes arrived quickly, the box was undamaged.  The shoes fit and feel good on my wife's feet, she has worn them now for a couple weeks and now her feet dont hurt after walking 2 miles.  Very happy.", "I love these shoes and thought the price on line was great!  Great fit, great comfort and I appreciate the help with my high arch.", "Love the product and the service was great.  Most comfortable pair of slides I've every put on. Love the cushioned insole.", "man this shoe is amazing it's like wearing a sofa , walking , running is feel same also for me as a FAT person 135kggoo and buy it", "Can't say too much about this super comfortable shoe. After wearing Merrill and Patagonia, these were so much better>very comfortable cushioning and true to size. Cannot recommend to much! As always, great service from Amazon!", "These fit very well.i sometimes take a 12.5 in air max range but took a 13 in these and they fit just right.if you've had nike free 5.0 then I would say a very similar fit.They're very comfortable too and look great.", "My son wears these as everyday sneakers and loves them I would recommend them for the quality and fit it perfect", "The most comfortable pair of shoes I've ever wore, very warm considering the weather here (9000 f.a.s.l.) i would recommend them", "Great cushion and stability.  I had to go one 1/2 size up compared to my normal Nike size.  I use these to run probably 15 miles a week and they have held up well so far.  The university red color marks up easily, so they look dirty already, but that doesn't really bother me.I also have a slight overpronation, and these provide me the stability I need.", "I have been a runner all of my life and have tried just about every brand of shoes.  I had given up on Nike about 10 years ago but decided to give them a chance after talking to a guy in the gym about the Lunarglide.  These are great shoes.  I had purchased a custom pair from the Nike's website to get them in the 2EE width.  I am a little hesitant to recommend the shoes just because they are made for a particular runner and they may not fit you the way they fit me.  I am a neutral runner, who strikes with my heels and rolls.  I will say that they are light, comfortable without creating any hot spots, and well built.  I am getting ready for my 12th marathon and these are going to be the ones I am training and running the marathon in.", "I just ran around the Jamaica Pond and i havent had a better running shoe. They are really comfortable and look awesome too.", "Very cool comfortable.  Great price.  shipping was quick.  People dig the flashy red when you are wearing them out and about.Like them alot.", "I must say i tend not to run in Nike shoes. I was bit skeptical when the Lunarglide+3 came out, but i had heard rumors that this was a pretty good shoe. I decided to give it a try. True to Nike, it had all the flash and bling that Nike is known for. But to my delight, the shoe is pretty solid. I started running this shoe on a treadmill at my local gym. It felt really good. It has solid cushioning and an ample toe box. I figured it would double as a good all around shoe for the gym. The more i ran, the more i really liked the feel. I took it out for a trail run and i was just as impressed. If you are looking for a great all around shoe that also rocks running, try the Lunarglide+3. It exceeded my expectations.Pro'sFlashy and got Bling factorGreat for the gymSoft cushionSolid constructionCon'sNot really lightAirflow could be improved through out the shoeNot a fan of the shoe laces it came with", "fantastic shoes, i just love it!! i have a lot of time using it everyday, running and going to the gym, and still like the first day!", "Fast order fullfillment and shipping.  Items was shipped as describe. Sneakers feel great and look fantastic. I love them! I ran with these shoes and the cushioning does it job.", "the color is cool. i used this for my 1st half marathon last august. the course is mix flat spalt and bit rough trail.", "So I wish I had some warning--so here's yours.  These shoes have a LOT of support in them.  I tend to go running about every day, and I pulled these out of the box on Monday (today is Thursday) and I'll say I was thinking of giving up after Wednesday--my shins were sore (not shin splits... just sore) and I found myself trying to figure out what was happening with all of the muscles that I apparently hadn't used for over a year while running in my old shoes.  4 days in, there's no turning back-these are great shoes !  Light, breathable and easy to throw on and just go.  I'm coming from 2 straight pairs of KSwiss Tubez and while I liked those shoes, I'm realizing now how flat I was running and how much I was running on my heels--no bueno!Here's what the first week looked like (from nikeplus... not the most accurate from a distance perspective, but still a good barometer):Monday: 4.6 mi in 37:18... ran some long intervals.  Lots of lower leg tightness.Tuesday: 5.0 mi in 39:21... decent pace but SORE afterward.  Last 15 mins were 1 min walk, 4 min run intervals to let my legs rest.. ouch!Wednesday: 3.5 mi in 32:06.. by far the worst run. Crappy intervals, long walk at about 20 mins.  Getting better at the end, but still a crappy run.Thursday: 5.7 mi in 45:47 - pretty much my normal run.  Comfortable, smooth and well paced.Like any shoe--give it a week if you can.  If you've got the right type of shoe and it's not overly painful, it's worth it to give it a shot.", "I'd been staying away from Nike cos of all the quality issues with their products and briefly went to Reebok & Adidas. While the Adidas pair lasted me for a bit; the Reeboks caused a tremendous amount of pain over the past few months. Im aware this isnt a comparison review between brands, but I guess sharing experiences help make better decisions.The Lunarglide is an older model than whats currently out there, but these were within my budget and I pocked them up.Other than the aches and pains from the initial break-in period - these shoes are REALLY good. My feet feel much better ( I walk about 6-7 miles daily) and arent that tired anymore from long periods of strain.Good buy. Im thinking of buying a second pair just for backup.Hoe this helps.", "These shoes are amazing. Extremely comfortable for everyday use in the gym or outside. Would highly recommend these shoes .", "Feels true for size, comfortable. Using for tredmill jogging and so far very happy. Do not know what else to say.", "They've held up much better than other shoes I've bought for the same price. There is no sign of any fabric tearing or any rubber becoming unglued. They are super comfortable. The only problem is that they're kind of bulky on the outside so your foot bumps in to more things. You get used to it though and it becomes less and less of a problem", "These are generally pretty nice. They're not chunky or large shoes, and they are pretty thin canvas material with no arch support. So if you're almost flat footed like me you won't care much but if you're looking for a supportive shoe this is not it. I like these a lot and they go with a lot of casual clothes. They look best when you do bar lces instead of traditional crisscross.", "Bought these for my boyfriend - what a great purchase!Color may be a little off - but other than that they're great!", "These are so comfortable would highly recommend this shoe I have 2 pair in different colors and I LOVE them ...You will not be Sorry !!!! GO ahead BUY THEM!!!!", "Excellent shoe, feels so lightweight! It carries the barefoot technology without the strain on the toes like the \"frog shoes\".  I wasn't a Nike fan, but I have to admit these shoes have changed my view.  I highly recommend them.  If you are not certain try them on at a sporting goods store so you can test them yourself, you will understand what I mean.", "I find  that they are very light and comfortable. Not easy to get on but that is not really a problem.I had a similar pair years ago very much like these from Nike insstead of the laces they had zips up the front.They where the most comfortable pair of shoes from Nike I had ever had. But these would compare. Thought the price wasa bit high and disappointed to find a few days later they where on special. But thats life.", "i liked the design of this show bought it and it fit great!! i want to buy anotehr as theo ne i bought got trashed", "The shoes arrived 2 days earlier than expected which was great!  They fit him really well and have a lot of cushion in the soles.  He spends 10-12 hours a day on his feet and walks a good 10-15 miles everyday.  So far he is really happy with them.", "Love these running shoes.  Nice looking and have support.  I wish they still made them, but each year the style gets tweaked just a tiny bit.", "LOVE THESE SHOES!! I bought these after a friend gave them a great review and am SO happy that I talked to her about them! They are VERY comfortable - you may want to purchase 1/2 size larger than normal...I did that on her suggestion, and the size 8 fit me like a glove! Looking forward to my foot healing (of course, I had to injure it right after getting the shoes), and starting some running with these! The shipping was VERY fast...I will recommend these shoes to anyone!!", "These have been my primary running shoes for the last 8 months, and I can confidently say that they are great shoes. They provide a decent amount of stability without being overly rigid, and are quite comfortable. I wear them for races, trail running, and treadmill training, and they perform great on all of them.They do have pretty thick soles, so be careful that you don't fall into the trap of heavy heel-striking; these shoes are so comfortable you could probably start doing it without realizing it, unless you are thinking about it.Overall, I definitely recommend these as general race and training shoes.", "These shoes are awesome! They are cushy without feeling tight on your feet. Good arch support, very light to walk and run in. I sometimes wear a 7, but this fits much better as a 7.5. Err on the side of roomy, I'd say.", "This is my second pair and I love these!  They fit great and are so comfortable!  So thankful amazon had them!", "Theses running shoes arrived in sound packaging and appear just as advertised and in good time.  They are are a gift and therefore I have no comment on how well the workmanship will hold.", "I absolutely LOVEEE these shoes. I wear them to work everyday and they're SOOO comfortable. I HIGHLY recommend these shoes. Great price!", "Just as bright as pictured. Great buy (better than local) and fast delivery. Comfy, sized right. Really happy with them. Recommend for the runner in you.", "Don't like the look of them at all and whatever material is on the inside doesn't let a foot with a sock slide in easily.  They're supposed to be a walking sneaker but I would definitely never walk in them.  Bad purchase on my part.", "I have narrow to normal foot and these are a bit big/wide. Nice cushioning, but it is a bit sloppy for me. I have tied them tighter to help with this and it does help, but still a bit loose.", "These shoes are great! They look as good as they do in the picture and Nike Air seems to be the most comfortable shoe they make.  They can be a bit pricy but when standing on concrete all day or if you inflict some other torture on your toes, then these shoes are worth every penny!", "I used for one month and get flat the air part :(So i don,t know why happend that .", "Love my new running shoes very comfortable I definitely recommend thanks for the great delivered and I love the color thanks for the t shirt", "Nike womens go get before i buy my chick another pair, you know - at first i did not want to buy without checking them out &  twirking them but i got mine u go get yours u will be-- good all good", "A pair was given to me as a gift last year.  Love them and fits well with the orthotics I must wear.  I ordered another pair because I liked the first pair so much.", "These shoes look good and these shoes are comfortable. I do not regret that it bought. Size such as in the description.", "these r my FAVORITE shoes i have ever boughten. i love the style and the grey white and black go with pretty much everything . they are fairly narrow at first but they do stretch out! love them", "I was very happy to find them, although the price was very high. These shoes are my favorite.Thx.so much", "These are great running shoes for the neutral plus runner.  They are narrow and felt a little tight in the front (I have wide feet but still got B width in these) but they loosened up and are fine now.  I've suffered from planter fasciitis and these are the only ones that stood the test of time.  They may be a heavier shoe compared to others, but you don't realize it after wearing them a little.  I haven't found anything with great cushion (that lasts 6 months) and style to match this.  Buying another pair this week!", "I am a runner and this is a great shoe for such .. however I am not a huge NIKE fan .. these are a bit big so you might go down a 1/2 size", "Not bad. But not the same quality as older versions by Nike.  Quality is going down I think.  Nice Colour though", "This was a gift for a friend.  I have been told that the shoes are awesome and fit great.  That they are true to size.", "I think it's the way it contours around your foot to give it extra arch support. It reminded me of getting my ankles wrapped when playing NCAA sports. I'm still an athlete and Champion Bodybuilder so proper footwear is very important to me when training in the gym, walking my dog, or standing around all day! You want to be wearing these shoes for all of your daily actives because it feels like you're walking on air!", "I bought these shoes as a replacement for my worn out running shoes that are exactly the same.  I love the neon colors and was so happy to be able to get these again. Since they were manufactured in 2012, they are no longer available at my local sporting good store.  They are brand new, in original box exactly as I expected.  The shipping was much quicker than I expected.  Everything about the order process went better than expected!  Would order from Amazon and this retailer again.", "By far the best running shoe I have ever bought. I am a flat foot runner so its hard on my knees and hips when I run but these shoes make my impact more cushioned and I feel so much more comfortable. Very breathable too and I think they look real cool as well. Worth the money.", "These shoes are amazing!  Each step you take is wonderful and you don't want to take them off.  The price was definately worth it, and the search was over when I slid this shoe on my foot.  Highly recommend and I can't wait to start running again!", "Loved it! Beautiful and efficient! They are exactly what I expected from a running shoes. Nike is the best brand for me.", "I weight 270 pounds and was looking for a shoe that was comfortable to work in for twelve hours a day. I lovelove love these shoes, they are the best shoes for people that need extra support in a shoe.", "Feel so lite, like it is cheap or something. However a very sturdy, comfy and supportive, high performance, drop dead gorgeous shoe. 3 thumbs up!", "I got these for my son who is a runner and loves the Nike Air Max running shoes.  This pair was a bit rigid - the tongue seems to be too big (long) for the shoe, and it took a few days to break in.  Next time we will probably check out a different style, but still stay within the Nike family.", "I never thought he would wear these because of the colors, but he loves them.  He wears them all the time. He says they are very comfortable.", "I like this shoe better than the 2013.  I tried the 2013 and sent it back looked for the 2012 to replace the shoe I wore out after putting 560 miles of running on them.  I found them hard to find.  Definitely worst the price I paid.", "i love these sneakers! They are comfortable and making my running experience better!I'm thinking about getting another pair in a different color@!!!", "I chose this because I heard about how light and flexible they are. They are so comfortable and I have recommended it to other people.", "I bought these for my daughter for volleyball. Awesome durability and colors are the perfect amount of. \"Bam\" that she was looking for. Recommended.", "I love these running shoes they are comfortable light and flexible. They are one of my favorite running shoes ever it feels like running in socks.", "I love this shoe! Very comfortable, the make tired feet feel great! cute colors too I may just have to order another pair as they be gone when i wear these out and try to buy more.", "I love these shoes!!!  I have about 3 different pair of this shoe.  These are the most comfortable shoes I've found.  I'm a beginner runner and these are the only shoes that didn't leave blisters or bruises on my feet.  I highly recommend shoes.  The pink flash are my favorite ones!  I love the color!", "My wife's feet are a trifle little broader. Same sized shoes from a different well known manufacturer was painful to wear. This one fits snugly and comfortably. We are very happy with this purchase.", "These are my 8th pair of Nike Lunaracer's.  I run 5 times a week and average about 10-13 miles per run.  I put A LOT of mileage on these shoes and find them to be perfect.  Very light weight-almost feels like a sock, yet supportive at the ankle and arch.  The shoe is a bit snug at the toe so after long runs when my feet swell a bit the shoe feels really tight, but its never too much to hurt.  Absolutely perfect shoes for long distance runners.  Great price and fast shipping!! Thank you", "The shoes were amazing, buy them in size 9.5 and got the same size as there were rumors that they were sending smaller sizes, but all perfect and delivery time was less than estimated, the texture is very soft shoe, inlets good and excellent for running, the long use and resist the use I give them.very good product, recommended", "I wear this every single day at work and I love it! It's very light and comfortable for my feet. I stand most of my shift and havent really complained about my feet being too sore. Just be careful of pouring any fluids because this shoe is not waterproof.", "Just two words: Love them!!!!!! They are confortable, soft, light weight....normally i am siZe 6 or 6,5 but i got these on siZe 7 And the fit perfectly", "its perfect.. like i want it..i recieve all good... and the nike its confortable... very beutifull.. and i recieve all just on the time they tell me... with nothing wrong", "Bought these shoes for my son for school; it is only October 3 and they are falling apart.  SO disappointed to pay $93 and they don't even last 2 months.", "These shoes are a favorite of my husband, nike is nike, he loves it and I bought wanting to surprise ... He loved ... I recommend ...", "They're a little tight above the ankle in the front at the top of the foot.  And the laces are poor quality.", "I have tried many compression shorts and these are by far the best I have found. I do CrossFit and as others who also do it may know, we can go from running, to sit ups, to whatever else is in store.I wear running shorts and hate not having these shorts underneath. I'm always terrified when I get down to do a sit up, the shorts will move and my butt will be there for all to see.These compression shorts don't move an inch up my leg, even when I go from down on the ground to running. Other compression shorts I have to fight with, they roll up my leg,  inch their way up, go up my butt, etc but not these.I highly recommend these for any runner, or any athlete for that matter.", "Bought these for my daughter for cheer.  She is tiny 4'7\" and 75 pounds and they fit her perfectly.  She loves them.  Only thing she will wear for cheer practice and tumbling.  I have to order her another pair.", "Will not deny that these are THE absolute BEST spandex ever. They are comfy, length is great, tight but does not suffocate your stomach. However, I bought the at Big 5 and other sport stores for 25 dollars. DO NOT pay 57 here!!!!", "Great product. Fit and quality were as expected.  These are perfect for volleyball, running, or whatever sport you are engaged in.", "I'm studying to be a nutritionist and physical trainer, and I've tried multiple other products (even by Nike), and these, by far, are my FAVORITE. They are short, but they cover all the necessities while performing. I can run, do stairs, weightlift, and even practice Capoeira (an Afro-brazilian martial art) in these shorts. They are amazingly comfortable, and the waist band does not give that muffin-top feel that I find a lot of other brands do. I'm 5'6\", 123 lbs, highly athletic, and these are comfortable without feeling like they are forgiving. I find these look, feel, and perform the best, and I hunt for this particular line of Nike shorts whenever I can afford them. ABSOLUTELY buy these if you are looking for some shorter shorts!Mind you, I know my thighs are muscular, so they can fold up (not roll!) once on the top, but it is hardly noticable or irritating. Also, these pants are sleek enough to fit under a pair of shorts if that is what you are searching for. Overall, a must have.", "Great sneakers, exactly as described and very comfy!! They arrived on time and they are so adorable. These sneakers are great for people who have flat feet and virtually no arch because they dont give you that painful cramping feeling in your arch (well lack there of an arch) when you're running or working out!!", "These are very nice shoes. My son wears these shoes almost daily and they have held up very well. Great", "Love the fit and the color!! Get a lot of compliments on them! Great for running outdoor or for gym", "These are so much cuter in person.  My daughter fell in love with them.  After I purchased them my mom bought the same pair and now my sister wants them too.", "My son loves the shoes. They fit perfectly and have been very durable under the abuse of an 11 year old boy.", "These are great running shoes. Purchased for middle schooler to run cross country.  Comfortable from the first time he put them on. Lightweight, flexible, no need to break in. We researched various shoe brands and styles, these turned out to be a great selection.", "These sandals looked great & would be very comfortable. My only issue was the sizing. I ordered a size 9 because that was the only size in stock in that style. I normally wear an 8 or 8 1/2 so I thought these would be fine. I was wrong! I ended up giving them to a neighbor girl who wears a 7 1/2...they fit her perfectly.", "I like these sandals. They aren't quite as nice as addidas, cause they are a looser fit around the foot. They are very comfortable and pretty.", "I like the sandals,  but they aren't really what I had hoped. They aren't as cushiony as I thought they would be. And they turned out to be rather narrow. I don't have a wide foot, and had never had to buy a 'wide' shoe. But I should have bought this in 'wide' if they had it.", "are too comfortable, soft and flexible, I love the design, colors everything =), and are a good gift, I recommend", "Very comfortable, very cute flip flops.  I wish I had ordered a 1/2 size larger, though,  is almost too small", "I gave this as a gift to my girlfriend she is very happy and use them every dayshe like the colors because she is a fancy girl", "I love everything about these shoes. I am a bit of a sneaker-file and these have been my favorite so far (out of about 15 pairs in the last 5 years or so). The retro style, the color scheme, the materials, the structure and the fit are all fantastic.", "Bought this for my husband and he absolutely loves up.  I wonder if they have like these for women too?:)", "Great sandal. Nice and soft, feels great under your foot compared to other slides,I would recommend them for this type sandal.", "The shoe is fitting well and is a good buy. The size is the same as was advertised on amazon and that is a great relief.", "I have many pairs of shoxs, love them, I ordered new styles that had come out about 6 months ago not sure of the time frame and they hurt my feet couldnt keep them, then shopping recently (my birthday etc) and I saw these online so of course I checked for them on amazon and there they were in my size for a little less money too. They came I tried them on with fingers crossed and they fit perfect. So happy!!!! True to size, comfy and iphone compatible!!!", "The heel of this shoe is wonderful, but the sole is too thin.  I returned the shoes.Obviously, I would not recommend this shoe.", "These shoes are amazing, I have been shopping for black trainers and bought these thinking i might hve to send them back, WRONG, these shoes are just amazing very cushiony, comfortable and very supportive,i run about 30 miles a week.  I might just order a second pair, love them", "womens nike shox turbo running shoes  is just what we ordered.  Just as pictured.  hassle free. I  received it in perfect condition.  thank you", "These fit perfect for me and I am happy to have found them on Amazon.  They are no longer in my local stores and are the only sneakers I have found that protect me from heel injuries when I work out.  I will order these again!", "I had ordered the shoe in night blue and was surprised when I received the shipment and the shoe was pink! I kept it anyways. It really is a nice shoe.", "my 11 y.o. son hates them! they look weird, are too long and too narrow and the design is &#34;too busy&#34; for a youngman to like it. the shoes are design for boys, but look too feminine ... my boy doesn't want to wear them too school. we had to buy something else...", "I wore these basketball shoes one day in a few pick up games. I noticed that the air bubble had already popped. I would not recommend these shoes to anyone nor will i buy again. Sorry but you get what you pay for with these. Cheap means cheap.", "These shoes are incredibly comfortable.  They are entirely mesh, so your feet can really breathe.  The traction is great.  Highly recommend.", "I returned these shoes...I am a size 8 and these shoes were way too small and did not feel very comfortable or cushion-y at all.", "This shoe fit perfectly when i got it. If i have one complaint i wish it would last a little longer but a drag my feet a lotOn the court so i'm not surprised mine tore up easily.", "I normally buy Head Court shoes for squash but the last pair I ordered online were a 10.5 and were BIG shoes that I had to send back.On a friends recommendation I went to Big 5 today and got these Nike court shoes, they are small fitting and ended up getting a size 11. The best bit was that they should have been $59 and without even asking he offered them to me for $44:95 !!!  I normally buy everything from Amazon but it shows to shop as they had them priced at $109. I think I may go back and get another pair in case they got it wrong!!!Oh and they fit great!!!Dermot Brennan", "Just a little small for a size 9 but the quality is great.I would buy again for the price.", "I wanted to buy tennis shoes for myself. I did research online and narrowed down on this shoe and few others from Adidas and prince etc. I wanted to make sure that what I buy will fit me perfect. I went to the store and tried many pairs of shoes. Surprisingly, this was one of the cheaper options available yet it fit much better than some other costly options from other brands. I'm fully satisfied with these shoes and much happy with Nike brand.", "I thought I had found the perfect balance of style and quality at a reasonable price, even though I had saved only ten cents in the purchase. My normal shoe size is 8.5 D for dress/casual shoes, but in snickers/tennis I always wear a 9 D for comfort due to heavier socks and the fact they always seems to run a little smaller on most brands. The construction of these Nikes were extremely narrow as I could not even laced them as the side flaps were to low and did not fold over to the instep or top of the foot. Luckily I can return them at no cost. Always make sure that option is listed before buying anything online.", "Tough to Rate - I gave the shoes away to one of my office employees who loves them.I am sure the shoe is great, but do not order it without trying it on.I normally wear a size 10-10 1/2 shoe and a size 11 nike basketball sneaker, but I couldn't get my foot into this trainer.It did make my employee very happy.", "this shoe for the money is as good as the federer shoe and better than the nadal model.my use of nike tennis shoes go back to the mcenroe days and this shoe is in my top ten. the only thing is order 1 size larger this shoe is cut very small", "I normally wear a shoe size of 7.5 but for sneakers I use a half size more. This one just fit barely: I had to loosen the strings:Looks good but it is rather lightweight, I guess that is the norm these days. Soles are good, cushion adequate. It is the top that bothers me, should have a bit higher arch. For its price, a decent product.", "Super lightweight, but if you need arch support, these are not the shoes for you.  They don't seem to stay tied, unless one ties them really tight.", "This is a perfect light weight running shoe. Practically weightless in fact. Fabric is cool with the imprinted swish. Very comfortable.", "i really like them, i had some other pairs before thats why i bought this one again and the prices was really good as well.....", "I was so soooo sooooo pleased on this shoe. It is the most comfortable shoe I have ever put on my feet. It is so light and flexible, and not to mention they are super cute!:) I like that they are not huge, and bulky, but fit your feet just right. I am in Love! definitely recommend these to anyone!", "Love, Love Love these sneakers!!!I am truly pleased and the fit is perfect. I was somewhat skeptical about ordering online because I like to try my items on before purchasing. I took a chance and I'm glad I did. The compliments never stop and they are beyond comfortable.I work  in the healthcare industry so I needed a sneaker that would  accommodate the long working hours standing on my feet. For me Satisfaction was Guaranteed :-)Thank you!!", "This shoe is great for everyday use and activities in the gym. Very comfortable for my feet. Not to mention that it is also very beautiful.", "These shoes are exactly what I expected, they are very light and flexible and great for cross training.I would order them again.", "I generally do not spend $100 on a pair of tennis shoes, but these were worth it. They are extremely comfortable and trendy looking too. Just to note, these shoes do not provide a lot of support for running, if that is what you are looking for. These shoes are very light weight and are comparable to Nike Free3 in terms of support. If you like running shoes with the most support possible, these may not be for you. I love them because I do not even notice them on my feet because they are so comfy!!!", "Everything about these shoes is awesome. My foot runs a little wide and these shoes fit perfectly. Extremely comfortable and light weight.", "This is the fourth pair of shox NZ that I have purchased in the last 2 months. This pair is by far my favorite. Not only are they very comfortable, they look like little tuxedo's for my feet.", "He loved them. The size was right and they are really beautiful and comfortable. He got many compliments. The picture is accurate.", "I normally wear a regular with shoe on a the other shox I have purchased, I find that these are a little narrow. But other then that they look great.", "I bought these for my daughter and she loves them. She wears them all the time. Thank you for reading", "I'm between 6.5 and 7, and ordered a size 7, and I would have definitely got a 7.5 if I had tried it in store, because now I can't wear these shoes with thick socks. It is also the first pair of Nike shoes I've ever had that feel uncomfortable, the back part is probably higher than what would be comfortable for small feet. Although I'm still wearing it, I don't have the comfortable feeling that Nike shoes usually give.", "The generally appearance is fine.  It is a little tight on me.  I recommend that you order half size bigger than you normal size.", "I loved the shoes but unfortunately they were too narrow for me.  I did order 1/2 size larger than I normally wear but width wise they were too narrow.", "love this shoe and the price i got it at. will use this seller in the future for sure. sneakers were new and size was correct. picture looks exactly like what i received. thanks amazon", "I found it a little snug but it fit well. When choosing a good running shoe you dont want too much wiggle room because that leads to blisters and backache. These supported me perfectly during runs and workouts!", "Product as described, full comfortable support. The shoe is light weight making it easier for my workout. I totally recommend this shoe. Great colors also", "Shoes were way too big, I was not happy about wasting money on a restocking fee so I donated the shoes to a local shelter and purchased another pair of shoe elsewhere.", "I absolutely love this pair of shoes. I am more prone to barefoot running, and the flexibility of these shoes are not at all restrictive on my feet and they feel great! I was so very happy to find them for a good price! Seller shipped very quickly and overall, the experience with this purchase was A+!", "the shoes was another size and colour, too small, i dont know why send another shoes with the diferent sizebadddddddddddddddddddddddd", "These shoes fit true to size (unlike some styles of Nike, which run small).  They have a memory foam foot bed and are sooooooo comfortable!  The black, silver, and white are very cute and hide dirt.  I love them and can't say enough about them!", "LOOOVE MY NIKES!!!! They fit Perfect! They Look Perfect!! Very sexy running shoe.I get great compliments and highly recommend the Performance !!looks and Wears Well.", "great jacket.  super reflectivity  but I usually take a small and ordered a medium and glad I did..it is snug on me", "I have been looking for a light weight reflective jacket to run in for years. This jacket is great!  It provides wonderful reflection as well as protection from the cold and airflow openings for when it starts getting warm.  I would highly recommend this jacket.", "I purchased for work to be standing 9 to 11 hours, running and sports. I love these shoes had to replace my old Nike Shox+ I have had for Two years. So when i started searching i HAD to get a pair that was Nike+ so i can track my running distance with my ipod.(just like my old pair)I wasn't disappointed. :)", "I love Nike Shox, and when I saw this color theme, I had to get it. This shoe gets me so many compliments, its crazy. The girls love them! I wear them to work, and my feet are never sore anymore!", "They shoes were nice looking but was a little tight notwithstanding i ordered my regular size. I usually wear a size 10 but should have ordered size 10.5.", "I really like these shoes. They are very comfortable and light. The only problem they have is the laces come undone constantly when wearing pants. It's very annoying", "Excellent product arrived on time the desired size, very gentle jogging shoes.Very good priceExcelente producto llego a tiempo la talla deseada, zapatos muy suaves para trotar.Muy buen precio", "The shipping was immediate & the shoes are excellent quality!! Our son say's that they are very comfortable & he gets a lot of attention for his cool shoes at school.The size does not run large or small. They were right on the money for us.", "I first heard of the benefits of Nike Shox from an Registered Nurse friend of mine. She had a horrible case of plantar fasciitis and tried the Nike Shox after hearing they were helpful for that particular condition. I trust whatever a nurse has to say, and her review of these shoes was extraordinary - she credited them with getting her feet back in order - and for curing her plantar fasciitis. My father also suffered from plantar fasciitis - I bought him a pair of the Shox and - bang - here we are just a couple of months later and HE feels much, much better as well (stretching and icing the foot are also helpful)... He credits the shoes, stretching/icing, and hasn't had a need to see the podiatrist since purchasing them (no more shots, just a switch in his shoes!)... High reviews for these kicks!!!", "I've worn these Nike running shoes for years.  They have a wide stance, and really absorb shocks.  They are the most comfortable shoes I've ever worn.  I'm rally sorry that Nike quit making them.", "Got the shoes on time, true to its size, just like advertised. No complaints so far. Im totally satisfied with the purchase. Ill try to post an update in the future regarding quality, how it witstand normal use. Would recomend? YES.", "Air ventilated ,most comfortable shoe ever said my sonGreatest mom ever!Yeah this is a great NikeMy son loves the traction he gets he can't slip in this sneaker and he can run fast. LolThis sneaker stays together so far and still looks new after months so far since April", "I use this shoe for daily use, I feel very comfortable with them, buy a measure to my feet but they sent me one with a larger number, but I tried it and I were very good and the number they sent me was correct.", "very good for soccer players who love to shooting and record goalssize was very perfect  ..quality is the best", "This top is flattering on and I liked the look of the fabric. It is wool on the outside and a synthetic layer on the inside; great idea to address the itchiness of wool. Unfortunately, the fabric snags very easily - almost like a pair of nylons. My shirt snagged the day I purchased it. I checked the shirt's reviews on the Nike website at the time (I no longer see any reviews on their website for some reason) and a couple of other customers experienced the same issue. Hopefully, they will revise the fabric to make it less snag resistant in the future.", "IF YOUR THINKING ON BYING THIS GO FOR ITS 1000000% SAVE. THE BOX IN PERFECT SHAPE AND SHOES EVEN BETTER THEN IN THE STORE, NO WAY TO LOSE WITH THIS DEAL. VERY HAPPY WITH THE PRODUCT IN OVERALL IM GLAD I GOT THEM FROM HERE", "Very nice sweatshirt. very good quality. Looks very comfortable. My son will love this gift. I can't wait until christmas.", "They don't fit. Need to return. What more needs to be said. They are to tight or made wrong cuz I've had the same shoe in the past and had no problem in sizing", "the shoe is comfy. i had a pair before and couldn't find them anymore. thanks amazon.... i plan on doing a lot of workouts with this great shoe.", "My expererience with this item is very bad, because i didn't take my stuff and i want to send again or take it my money back.", "I ordered one for my girlfriend, it arrives very fast and has excellent quality, she loves it very much and I highly recommend this product!", "This is the very best running shoe I have ever tried, and I have tried dozens of shoes. They look great while also protecting your feet and joints from the harsh pounding of street running. I even bought a spare pair so I won't have to find a new shoe if these are discontinued.", "If you are buying or considering buying these for running, all I can say is that if you buy these you won't be sorry.  They look pretty cool to stylish for casual wear with jeans, or you can wear them to the gym, on asphalt, or cement, or grass, or dirt, or over rocks.  I like these a lot.  I'll go so far to say that I love them.  If you do buy them, you won't be sorry.  They do come in 1/2 sizes so you can set your expectations high in expecting a good fit.", "just what  i ordered thanks again amazon i would recommend these to anyone who is looking for some good shoes, feels good on my feet gonna buy another one soon", "I've worn these shoes most days for about a year now, and they still look and feel the same, which is a good thing because these are so comfortable.  I recommend.", "This is a fairly good product.  I have heard reviews stating that if you purchase this product, make sure you wear it 'only' for that event when you do it.  Well, I (try to) play basketball and I do this once or twice a week.  These shoes have great support on the ankle but as the other reviews have mentioned, it doesn't last too long if you use it for normal wear.  I've had these shoes for 3 months now and I'm starting to see the wear and tear, but so far not too bad of a shoe.  Just don't wear it for normal every day use, otherwise, within, I imagine, 3-4 months of wearing them, you may have to buy another pair.", "the shirt was fine, but i needed to exchange for a smaller size, which they did not have. i had to get a return authorization and i paid for the return postage. i was glad i requested package tracking, because i was still not refunded 10 days after the receipt date. i emailed webzoom with the return proof and got a prompt response and refund thereafter.", "this shoes was not my size. so its too big for me . well actually was a present from my girlfriend", "the fabric is too frail. my pinky toe and big toe ripped it, even though i got a size 14. plus the orange was a lot brighter than depicted.", "I really enjoy these shoes, they are very comfortable and I like their look.  I would happily buy them again.", "Is there going to be a size 11.5 coming anytime?id buy a pair if my size was available to be purchased.", "I got these because i needed new shoes and also played basketball in schooli chose 5 stars because they have lasted me a long time (i take care of them) and i am currently wearing themPros:stylishcomfortablelong lastinggood materialCons:nonei would recommend this for basketball players or anybody looking for a comfortable and stylish shoe", "These shoes have held up well and stay pretty clean looking due to the dark colors.  not the most comfortable I've ever worn but for kicking around and an everyday shoe they are great.  Intense walking and exercise they did start to make my toes/front foot sore a bit.", "same size foot...different feel; it squeezes at the sides. Also, the quality seems inferior to the one I so fondly remember buying in 1996...the last loop for the lacing on the right side burst within 2 months of purchase. So my right side is permanently loose and untying compared to the left. I bought the white/grey/green to this earlier and no problems at all....fits good and no busted loops.", "Been using these comfy shoes for months and i never been happier to wear it every time i worked out. Worth what i paid for!", "I bought it for golf, but shoulder is rather small, too fit.Not easy to wear  a shirts under this  for outwear.I am considering of best usage now.", "I love these shoes! If I could still find them I would buy more. I have two pair now and my feet feel great in them!", "These shoes are very comfortable. Fine perfect. Great for walking/jogging and everyday use. I love mine and wear them almost every single day!", "They were a little small and since my last 3 pair of Nikes have all been the same size that's what I ordered for these as well. However they were slightly snug. Once broken in they are the most comfortable shoes I own.", "I would have to say everything was excellent. Great shoe, colors and fit was great. Thanks so very much Coach.", "the shoe is very rigid, it lets you know in a silent way that its in control of your movements and not you. its very beautiful. i never knew that Nike not just make boots but also mature looking ones too. its doesnt have the consistent signature of nike  whereby the nike logo is plastered all over the shoe so that the whole world knows you are wearing a nike product. with this brand, im very sure that a lot of corporate men would love to lay their hands on it.......if only they are made aware of such a unique, different lovely pair of boots. an example to illustrate what i mean by sayin it doesnt follow the regular nike pattern is  by saying for instance Lamborghinni goes into SUV production. majority of the whole world believes that they do not produce SUV's but very few are aware or even know that the &#34;Urus&#34; was launched  at the Volkswagen Group Night in Beijing, China, April 22, 2012. bottom line is............its a wonderful pair of boots just waiting to be known by all rather than the conventional trainers or sandals or sneakers that the whole world knows", "So lightweight and comfortable. Great looking boots. I am really enjoying them and my coworkers have said they look great.", "I like the leather construction of the shoe.  The shoes are easy to get on and off.  However, the connection between the tongue and the shoe caused blisters on the top of the 4th toe on each foot even though I always wear two pair of socks when playing basketball.  The toe box of the shoe is also somewhat narrow.  The shoes may feel better after more wear but I don't think I would buy another pair because of the discomfort in the toe of the shoe.  I purchased the shoe for its leather construction and high ankle support.", "muchisimas gracias me han quedado a la medida, me parecieron lo mejor.. rapido y atentos con mi compra, espero comprarles nuevamente en alguna oportunidad e mi vida.", "I was disappointed in the quality of this boot.  The sole wasquality, but the rest of the boot felt like it was made ofthin cardboard.  Sent them back.", "I bought this for my husband, it fits and looks great.  He says its very comfortable and it even gave him about  an inch more height (thats a plus)", "Little unconfortable especially foot hill and the toes. Like the colour and the design, the shoe laces should be little broder.", "Purchased these for my granddaughter she was very impressed with them the fit was just right she wishes they had them in more color, this is great.", "there are red dots on the bottom of the shoe that wore out on the 2nd week of wearing. Maybe it is my walking.  i am not sure.update:wow, i cannot believe my review is still here after a few years.  acutally i like this shoe, i still sometimes wear it.=)", "Purchased this sneaker for my Son.  He said they fit great. He is really happy with them. Received shipment quickly.", "esto era lo q buscaba, me parecieron lo mejor.. rapido y atentos con mi compra, espero comprarles nuevamente en alguna oportunidad e mi vida.", "These are nice shoes, but were too tight; I take an 8 and ordered an 8 & 1/2 and even that was too small. Ordered a 9, but haven't gotten them yet so can't say how they fit.", "did i make this purchase? can't remember it at all. i wonder who has these shoes - i don't have them", "Very comfortable only complaint is the ugly reflector shoe strings they shoulda been all black. Other than that I like em as much as the other version", "The Air Max Conquer ACG Boot is everything I was looking for.  It is well-constucted, comfortable, and stylish.  Oh... and waterproof.  I don't know that they would survive \"all-conditions\" but I purchased them to wear around town and for light camping and hiking.  I think they will serve me well in that capacity.", "Is OK But The Material Is Too Hard The Lef Sneaker Is Tide and The Rest Is OK Thank You", "It's a Nike , so product is good, BUT the company or amazon sent us the wrong color. I ordered the gray with blue swoosh and we got black instead. We decided to keep it since returning it will cost us shipping and handling and a lot of hassle.", "He claims they are the best shoes ever, and that's why I'm looking on the internet for some new pairs for him to take to college.  (Wah!)  What I like about these shoes, as a mom, is that even after lots of wear they still look decent.  They don't get ratty in five minutes like other canvas shoes.  Get some!!", "I have worn Nike shoes for over ten years. I bought 1 pair at a store and the rest I have gotten on line. I buy a new pr about every 6 to 8 months as I work in a nursing home and put on a lot of walking miles. I have always ordered the same size and never had a pair that did not fit perfectly. This shoe was at least a size smaller than what the normal shoe size is. I liked the look of the shoe but it was just not sized as all the other nikes I have ordered.", "I love this sneaker. Its super comfortable and the delivery was really quick. Also fits true to size. Would highly recommend to others.", "This is an excellent shoe. It fits very well and is very durable. They was also very easy to clean. My husband loves these sneakers. Great and durable quality", "LOVE the colour combination of these shoes. They are SUPER comfortable and pretty lightweight too. This is my second pair of LunarFly+ 2's and i get many compliments on both these and my other pair.Fit is true to size - i like how they look on my feet (don't make me feel like i'm wearing clod-hoppers) and would recommend them to friends.", "Due to health, I walk two hours daily.  I have tried and discarded so many brands and styles of shoes in the last few months it is crazy.  I would try them on at the store, walk around, think I had the perfect shoe, get home with them and try walking on my treadmill, or the streets where I live, and there would always be something I wound up hating about them.  That has not been the case with these shoes.  I have had them for about a month now, and I wear them every day.  I have walked many miles in them, and so far no problems.  I always buy running shoes for walking.  I find you get much better padding, and overall design.  These shoes have a wide and high toe box which is seamless.  They are not only wide and tall in the toe, they are also long.  This means no rubbing my toes at any point, and no blisters.  They cup my heel nicely for a really good fit, and hit all points of my feet in just the right places.  At the end of two hours of pretty intense walking, the only part of me that is not tired is my feet.  Happy to say for under $100, I have found really good shoes for running/walking that suit my feet.  My great toes are dominant, so the toe box is always of importance to me.  These are the most comfortable, well fitting shoes I have ever walked in.  They also support my high arches quite well.  I would purchase these again, and recommend them to others.", "These are very comfortable and are exactly why I was looking for. Love them!  I walk every night and they are like heaven for my feet.  Very good support and cushiony.", "I hate to give these pants a rating less than 5 stars, but the reason for it isn't really due to the pants.  I purchased a pair of these in a sports store a couple years ago and LOVE them...which is why I was wanting another pair.  But every time I received a pair through amazon they had a defect...namely the threading in the inseam.  Every pair I received had an inseam defect...a big bummer.  Seems like I was being sent pairs that had already been returned.  One pair of them just had the tags throw on top of the pants in the box, instead of being attached, another had the tags attached, but the plastic bag they were in had been opened and the pants weren't folded properly.Like I said...I LOVE these pants.  I just don't know what the deal is with buying them through amazon and getting defective pairs.  I ended up just returning them outright and getting a pair in a store.", "I own three pairs of these pants.  I have found they are perfect length for someone who is shorter; I am 5 ft 4 in.  They don't drag on the ground like most pants, and they fit well without feeling too stretched or too loose-a perfect fit.  The pant is lightweight and doesn't feel too hot when wearing them, and they keep there shape no matter how much you wear/wash them.  The color fades slightly, but all pairs have been through literally dozens upon dozens of laundry cycles.  A perfect pant for \"shorter\" people!", "casi toda la zuela exterior abierta de la tenis izquierda  vivo  costa rica y  sale muy caro devolver.........  compra muy mala deber&iacute;an revisar bien los productos que env&iacute;an.................", "I bought these last year, originally they were stylish casual boots, they fit great, they are warm and durable. They started to break down after about 8 months of daily use. I'm going on a year and they are used as work boots. They are beat to hell but I love them. Can't beat the price either. I'm hopin to get another pair soon.", "Item arrived on time. The shoes look and feel great on my son. These shoes were hard to find in the store and I am grateful that Amazon had them for sale. Great boots for fall and winter goes well with my son's school uniform.", "bought these boots for my husband he loves them, they're a little light but its ok they get the job done", "These were perfect for work. light weight and water resistant. look very nice too. The last pair i had were the af1 military mids. these are just as nice", "Best ACG Boot made by far! Comfortable and lighter than the GeoTec ACGs. Plus you get a little more ventilation.  My 3rd Pair and counting.", "Love the Nike Air Max Ultra.  I have a few other pairs and these fit the same way and have the same comfort.", "Runs a little big.  Perfect toddler shoe- goes with almost everything, great on slides. Outgrew first pair, this is replacement!", "If u can get babies feet into this no shoe string to tie up shoe.  It fit would great!  The false shoe strings are misleading.  This could have been a great item and the price was GOOD.  The look was GOOD!  Thumbs down on the false shoe laces (sad face)", "These shoes fit great! The price was perfect! I couldn't believe I found my size, my feet are rather small!", "Overall, they're terrible sandals. At first, they're very cushy, and the style is great. However, I've been wearing mine for less than 2-3 months, and they're painful!The reason for it is that the soft padding material wears down quickly, and your feet sinks into the sandals. Then, the two thongs that sits right below your feet begin to really stick into your feet, so you'll have SERIOUS pressure points!!! They should have move the tongs outside of the sandals in order to prevent this.I think I have two bruises on each foot from walking around with them so much. All in all, the two pressure points really stick into your feet after breaking them in. Don't waste your money on them. My old cheap knock-off Croc sandals were so much better.Cheers.", "These are very nice quality but the fit is small or for a very trim person with a small waist. I do think the quality is nice.", "Love the shoe and the style... have received a lot of compliments about them.  My only problem is the width of the show is a little small which causes some discomfort after a while.  I'm hoping they stretch out.", "This is sooo good! Feels so great on, so is that you don't feel it on your body. Gives you completely freedom, and so confy. Take my word for it, I practice Tennis, so you can imagine how important it is for me not to feel restrain or uncomfortable in any way.", "Nike bras are the best for running... this is a high-impact bra, I wore it for the first time this weekend, and felt very supported", "I love these soccer socks they are by far the best I've worn. No more blisters!!!  I highly recommend them.", "I love the nike hyper warm and pro combat shirts/pants they are great! Keep you warm and your muscles warm perfect for training!", "My daughter LOVES these for high school.  Apparently, this is the footwear of chioce with their tennis shoes or sandles.", "They are dri-fit which is nice, but they seem cheaply made.  The material balls up a bit after a few wearings.", "These socks were extremely comfortable, fit well, but were extremely thin.  If you plan on wearing these for basketball, soccer, football, etc. you may want a thicker sock or you'll suffer blisters.", "I would recomment this product to any guy looking for a nice workout sock! They get the job done and they fill great!", "I looked for running shoes for over 6 months before purchasing these. I love them so I bought 2 pairs. I have wide feet and can't usually wear the Nike's but these fit nice. They were true to the usual size that I wear. I put inserts in them because I have a high arch and needed more support for running. I've had the shoes 2 months so far and they are even more comfortable now. I gave them 4 stars as they cost more than I usually spend.", "the shoes arrived in 2 day where other places i ordered from with a similar product took 5 days or more. the item was in stock and it matched what i saw online.", "I used to run a lot back in high school and recently decided I would pick it back up and start training for a marathon. I received a shoe fit analysis and discovered I should be wearing neutral shoes, which was a surprise to me. The first shoe I picked up to try was the Nike Air Pegasus 28. I have never liked Nikes in the past, but I was open to change.For me, these are the best fitting shoes I've ever worn right out of the box. It is important to note that I am a neutral runner with flat arches and narrow feet. If you have wide feet, this probably will not be the most comfortable shoe for you. In addition to the very nice midsole, the shoe is constructed very light and shows good craftsmanship (which one should expect from Nike). I have now put several miles on the shoes and they have been amazing. Absolutely no break in required as they have felt great from day one.", "no box made me mad but my shoes are as i expected i have another pretty color in these i barely wear them they fit to a tee very comfy i already knew lol i paid 70 for my others and 125.00 i thnk for these which rose  a red flag i run six-seven miles non stop three times a week i get an amazing run out of these and im 40 they are cool old model and was over priced though my others same shoe from finish line was 70.00", "The bag is light weight, stylish and functional.  I use it often and like the many pockets it has to offer.  The compartments can be used to hold a variety of items including car keys, pad lock, clothes and shoes needed at the health club.", "i choose this rating because job well done..excellent! my expectation reach!i will tell to all my friends and colleagues and family...", "Love these shoes they are exactly what I expected when I made the purchase! Was so happy when they were delivered! Thanks so much! = )", "This was a great gift.My daughter said they were very comfortable and loves wearing them. I will purchase shoes on Amazon again.", "I purchased these shoes for running with my dog in agility. Wanted a good shoe, but didn't have to be ad great as the $150 Nike shoes I run in. The Air Citius is a good fit for this - especially for the $50 I paid on Amazon! Very cushiony and light - a great overall neutral shoe that was comfortsble right out of the box!", "order at least a full size larger when ordering these, break in period is a little rough as well but once broke in they aren't bad, seem to be warm as well.", "I was looking for a \"boot\" that I could wear all the time. I also didn't want the responsibility and the price point of a leather shoe. This one is designed as waterproof, not something that was a high priority for me. I'm not hiking dew laden trails in the early morning. I was concerned about the waterproof causing the boot to be hot. That is not the case. I have been wearing the boots at end of summer in N. CA; it's still hot here... and my feet did not get uncomfortably hot.I liked the look of the boot. The shoe looks exactly as it was shown in the photos. The top of the upper reminds me of canvas. The lower portion of the upper is just regular rubber/plastic. Not sure about the materials used but they look good/solid and that they will last. The sole is not like a boot at all in fact wearing this shoe reminds me of wearing a sneaker. The sort of feel I was looking for.This shoe is reminiscent of the \"duck shoe\" which I have also always liked but never owned. What I have not liked about the duck shoes I have seen in the past is that the front of the shoe seems too wide. I didn't like the way the shoe made my foot look... wide. That is not the case with these shoes.As is usually the case with Nike I think that maybe I should have gotten a size larger. For some reason Nike products run a little small for me. The shoe is very comfortable, more like wearing a sneaker than a boot... Like I said earlier. By the end of the day though my toes get a little sore thus the larger size recommendation.I was able to get my foot in the boot pretty easily and lace up was easy. The laces do seem to slide around more easily than I would like but I'm thinking that will lessen with use/wear. Good arch support which was very important to me.Overall a great shoe. I was able to get them at a decent price. A \"Boot\" with sneaker sensibilities. I would recommend these to anyone.", "the rating is not enough for this item they are comfortable beautiful simple the best ,they are named all court and i say any time for using", "They're nice shoes but too expensive.  There are Adidas and Under Armour shoes for 25% less. Look for better price.  PLEASE!!!", "When ordering shoes, they are a size too big. Gave them to my sister. Didn't want to go to the trouble of sending them back.", "These shoes are great! The thing that I like the most about the shoes is the solar red, it really pops!", "my bf love this shoe. it came on time. the only thing is that he has 2nd thoughts if the shoe is an original airmax.", "Got this for the hubby who works in law enforcement and needed good, durable boots...He loved them and ordered another pair.", "comfortable, unique, just plain groovy....when are the new editions coming, id buy those too, just typing extra words cause they seem to think 5 arent enough to express my thoughts about a shoe.", "Although I like the shoes very much, they came with a big stain around where my ankle would be, I was very disappointed because if what I paid. Buyer beware.", "fit like a sneaker but is not sturdy like a boot.  also true to size.  i would by again but was kind of bulky looking", "The best shoes i could ever buy!!..I wear them all the time, for sports, casual, informal, jeans, shorts.Definetly i will buy this model always.", "I have been doing P90 X for a year now. I wanted a clean white shoe to be only used indoors. This shoe fits like a glove and the sole support is great . Wear a size 8 and I ordered a 8. I am going to buy another pair different color for out side.  I recommend. The seller and shoe!", "Ttoo narrow in the front of the sneaker.  The seams on the inside are ruff and cut into your toes.  Feel like your feet are trapped inside hard plastic.  Not comfortable at all.  Fell like your standing on rocks.  Very disappointed !!!!", "Unas grandes tennis para hacer ejercicio o simplemente para caminar, mi esposa se encuentra sumamente satisfecha con esta compra que hicimos.", "I love Nike becasue they always give good support and extra foot room for the toes. I recomend these shoes.", "The shoes were not very wide. Had to give them away. I do not have anything else to say  .", "This shoe is like walking on air. It is very comfortable and gives you a cushion type but sturdy support. My husband loves them for walking any kind of distances. They ran a little small so I recommend ordering at least a half size larger than normal.", "I love Nike Shox and these are really nice looking ones.  I have bad feet (plantar fasciatis and other problems as well) and Nike Shox are the only shoes that I have consistly had good luck with.  They have good arch support and heel cushioning and are light.  I have tried other shoes costing over $100 and have not been able to wear them without pain.  Nike Shox work for me!!", "Only bad part is mine squeak when i walk. Other than that this is a comfortable and good looking shoe.", "I had a pair of these shoes that lasted at least 10 years - I don't recall the original date of purchase. Over time, I grew to really appreciate the wider soles as they contribute significantly to stability while exercising.Eventually, the soles started separating, so I purchased a new pair of the same model of shoe, and I am delighted with my new purchase. The first time I wore the new shoes, I felt the new ones were even more comfortable than my old ones.Some will say the shoes may look like paddle feet, but if you want the best for your exercising and walking, these are the best you can buy. For us who are older, they are the ultimate in foot comfort for any use. I highly recommend them.", "Since this is my shoe size, it even is heating on the upper side of my feet. Is a nightmare to walk with them. I already buy another.", "I have gone through several pairs of the Nike View, starting with the original edition. I chose these because they're comfortable from the first time you try them on. They also used to hold up pretty well. When a pair of mine starts looking a bit worn, they get demoted to yard work shoes and I buy a new pair to replace them. Well, all was good until I got my first pair of the View III. Still comfortable but I immediately started having heel pain in my right foot, which turned out to be Plantar Fasciitis. I don't think it was a coincidence. The seams of the Nike III also seem to come loose quite a bit earlier than the older versions. So, after two pairs of the Nike III, I don't buy these any more.", "In my opinion of the Nike Mens View Walking Shoe simply it deserves no less than an a grade on a scale of 1 to 10 to say the least no question without a dowt because it is the best deal that I could ever hope for in comfort and compatibility most definitely without a dowt endlessly.", "The manufacturer made a great shoe, unfortunately the sizing was off, my husband normally takes a size 10 but it seems in Nike it needs to be a 1/2 size larger.  I am awaiting the credit so I can reorder a 10.5 of the same shoe.", "They fit as expected. I spend a lot of time on my feet at work and these shoes are light and comfortable.", "Not snug, form fitting, etc. It's tight, tighter than an off the shelf shoe. Nike's site has similar feedback on it. Didn't do my homework. The New Balance 1765 is a better fit for a wide walking shoe.", "Just by look at the shoes you can tell this is just a regular shoes,the toe area so narrow, not wide as they claim. When I try on, I can feel my toe squeezed , my husband have to squeezed his feet to my shoes to make wider.Very disappointed.", "These shoes were exactly what I needed and the best part was that they were about $20 cheaper than at the Nike Store. This color combination was also difficult to find in the stores.I believe that that Free TR2 is an ideal athletic shoe. It is light and flexible like all Frees, but the TR2 have a much more stable base and more durable material so they are better for cross training,sports, working out. I've played soccer many times with the older models without any problems.", "Buen producto, costo adecuado, buena calidad. El producto adecuado, la talla solicitada y color. Tiempo de entrega el estimado. Recomendado 100%", "Sweet sneakers. The navy is very cool. These are my teenagers. They are his \"good\" sneakers to wear. Price was right. It's hard to find the trendy sneakers in men's sizes under. $100.", "I just received my new shoes trying them on a run really fine running shoe light weight and flexable, I'll be buying more Nike running shoes in the future!!!!", "Like this shoe for the way it fits (snug and comfortable, accurate shoe size)and seems very versatile...like the lacing on this shoe, very effective as far as making that tight fit for running, but also can loosely set it for easy slip-on and slip-off...I have worn it primarily for just walking around at this point, but it feels more inclined to running rather than cross-training or serious gym workouts (not great for running around on the basketball gym). The slight on this shoe is that it does not have great ankle support, thus no serious gym work, but for walking and casual running, this shoe is great and  looks fresh, makes any outfit look casual, but still very stylish...overall, great fitting shoe, has good ventilation, feels like walking on air, and looks are stylish in any outfit outside of a full blown suit!!", "These Nike FreeZilla's have treated me very well so far. We purchased these from Zappos 6 months ago & they are holding up jus great! Normally i use Nike shox(Nz) but the sale price on the Freezillas caught my attention and i'm glad i got em. No blisters, no broken nails, no ankle issues at all and i've used these shoes for everything my gym has to offer! I mainly workout in the gym with these FreeZillas such as free weights, leverage machines, elliptical, stationary bike and treadmill daily except mondays. Very comfortable for running but i ony run short distances & these shoes work excellent for my run. Other than that the Nikes are super comfortable as well as stylish and i like Nike's styling on most of their sneakers & boots(acg). Five stars for these babies only because i am so impressed what my Freezillas have gotten me through thus far!", "could have went a half size smaller. thank u. other than that they are comfortable next time i will do that", "i play tennis and i know who comfortable needs to be a pair of tennis shoes and the first time i saw this shoes i said wow! so cool this model and i bought but when i tried them i noticed that they wasn't so comfortable as lunar vapor model from nike, even though they are excellent shoes", "loved the bright color and I have had no complaints from my son on the fit or feel.  He plays soccer for his high school", "I think all the information I needed to know about this purchase was real clear. I received what I wanted to have. My son that is the final customer is too excited with his new shoes.", "Seems as if the size of the shoe was a little unforgiving.  I am usually a size 15 but it seemed as if the size was more of a European size because it felt about a half inch too small.", "I love the style and &#34;cush&#34; of these shoes. They are a bit narrow though, so order a size bigger.", "Shoes are a perfect fit. Love them on the court.Fast shippingShoes have enough ankle and arch support for side to side pivoting", "Just the right size. Comfortable. Halfway through volleyball season and no signs of wear and tear. Great support and style.", "I love these shoes. I love Nike as a brand. Shox are hard to find with a three piece heel, which is my favorite. These shoes are comfortable and wear well if they are anything like my last pair.", "Great shoe for volleyball. Good support and stylish. True to size too. Our team picked these as their shoe this year!", "This shirt fits perfect and is a great shirt to wear when you run or just to wear casually.  You can't go wrong with this, you will love it.", "Purchased these for the husband, who is always looking for red and black Nike's to match the logo for his company.  Great price and the carbon fiber is a cool touch!  He's received several compliments.", "These shoes fit nicely, but they seem very hard/stiff compared to my previous pair. These feel like they have no cushion and definitely not the air feel of previous pairs. I really should have sent them back.", "I bought these when my lunar glides ran out.  I feel like these are a little harder.  They make a sound as I run but they are a little more supportive than the lunar glide.  Still very light and great for those who already have good running posture.", "Nike Free 3.0 are light comfortable shoes. They are great for running or justwearing them around. They are really good for your feet because they don't havealot of support which is good for your feet. These shoes are great for all agesand they last along time .I have a pair of them. I wear them around and they are really comfortable . When I go to school or hangout with friends I wear these shoes. So these shoes are great for hikes running races or wearing around theregood for your feet.They are really good looking they come in different colors and the Nike sign also comes in different colors. The cost of them is around 50 to 75$ at most.  So if you're a runner get the Nike Free 3.0.", "I have run through 4 pair of Nike Free 3.0 shoes and have been very pleased with the shoes until the version 4 release. The shoes still take advantage of their lightweight and flexible design which is a signature to the Nike Free line. The low toe-to-heel rise is still present, and the new version has smaller gaps in the sole which means less issues with pebbles getting caught while running. Nevertheless the new version 4 has some major downfalls. The previous version 3 had an improved heel cup which fit close like a glove without being tight, the version 4 slide all over the place and have caused some blistering. Additionally, they have changed the material so it is no longer a breathable nylon, but a more plastic feel which sweats like a greenhouse. The new material is also very low quality. I only have 25 miles on these and the mid-foot fabric is already breaking through. The last 4 pair I had finally broke through in the front toe box between 700-800 miles.Overall I would either look for a different style shoe or a earlier version of the Nike Free shoes. I will probably look for an older version 3 and try to hold out for a version 5 which will hopefully take from their previous designs.", "Nike Free Run 3.0I needed a pair of shoes that would last me up to 4-6 months, without wearing out. Because usually when I was wearing shoes that would wear out between 1-2 months.  So I went to footlocker and found a legit pair of Nike Free Runs. I didn't even look for another pair of shoes. I asked the employee if I could get the shoes in my size to try on. He brought them out and they perfectly cushioned my feet when I tried them on. I was only in the store for ten minutes because I didn't need to browse any more.Even though they were eighty dollars, they still lasted me two to three times as longer as any ordinary pair of sneakers. Cause usually if I buy any other brand I have to buy it, because it only last me one to two months. Mathematically they would add up to be more than the Nike Free Runs, so you are actually saving money.The Free Runs are bright orange, but that is just the color I got. (They come in all different colors) The laces were gray and the bottom is white. They are incredibly light and flexible, and that's why they are so comfortable. It's also nice because there is no floppy tongue that would make it uncomfortable.  It is also very pleasing that you can just tie them once and go, because they are very easy to slip on.I would only recommend this to someone who likes to get active, and If you play sports or anything else. If you just play video games all day and never got out, I wouldn't recommend you this shoe. Then you would just be wasting your money.", "This is a very nice shoe. Although the picture looks plain this pair of shoes were the perfect elegance of white/gray/black. My son loved these shoes so much that he is holding on to them for no snow, no rain, and no bad weather occasion. As a parent I can say I was impressed with the price and good quality feel of the shoe. However, I must say the shoe runs big...I bought a 12 for my son but we believe 11.5 could have been better fit for him.", "nice looking pair of baseball cleats for my lil 13 year old . He loves them and he says they are very comfortable.", "Decent basketball shoes.  Not the most comfortable but not terrible.  They are pretty supportive but the high cut into the back of your ankle when you are breaking them in.", "I LOVE the way these shoes look! I probably should have ordered a wide if that's an option tho because the shoe feels a bit narrow. Also I wear a 10.5 in Mizuno but an 11 in these nikes.", "Nike's usually run small but this cleat runs about 1/2 size big.  My son cannot even wear the shoe.  Caused blisters after 1 practice and cannot return cleats because they have been worn.  Too bad. Such a good looking shoe.", "I love how easy it is for me to run, jump, and workout in these shoes. I've had them for over a year now and they still feel amazing. The sole is solid and made of mesh. You have got to try these on!", "I am very dissapointed with the product received for this item. I have ordered number 9.5 and I have received number 9, it does not fit. I have ordered color gray and I have received color black which I don't like in any way.I live outside the United States, in Venezuela and it is very difficult for me this kind of transactions when mistakes like this are made, we have a currency control system that makes us difficult to buy in US$, in addition to this we have to get a courier service (very expensive) to bring the items to my country, and it is very discouraging that after all this situations I received a wrong item that it does not even fit. Please help me!", "I had read review after review saying order a size up because they are too narrow. Well, I have regular to wide sized feet and I went ahead and ordered my normal size 8.5. What I found really odd was that they were NOT small for me, they were almost too large overall; I had to yank the shoelaces as tight as they would go and then it fit better. Beyond that, they were way too long (several inches off the end of my toes at the tip). I don't know if I got a weird or random fitting shoe, but my experience did not fit the reviews. Still with that said, if you do find one that fits properly, I actually really liked these shoes all things considered. Zumba has a lot of hopping and impact on your feet and I think these shoes would do well in the long run if you find the proper fit.", "I love Nike. The fit was as expected. The only deal was that the spin portion on the ball of your foot (pink) is made of the same material as the tread: rubber. So you stick! I bought these along w the Bloch Boost and no questions, the Blochs were MUCH better at pivoting. I have carpet, tile and wood floors so I could try it on all surfaces. Of course, the gym has wood. I returned them. And I wouldn't buy them because they stick. What's the point? Sorry Nike. I feel like I'm back stabbing you....", "The shoe had a comfortable fit.  Looked nice. The only problem was the sole of the shoe did not have the slide needed for dancing. It had the same grip as any other sneaker. I was sorry to have to return them as they did feel comfortable.", "The shoes fit perfectly.  Probably the most comfortable piece of footwear I have ever placed on my feet.  They have very soft soles, an although they are intended for more of a &#34;barefoot&#34; running style, there is plenty of cushion for running heel-toe.  I'm very happy with this purchase.", "I don't wear these shoes myself, bought them for my son.  They seem to fit well and are very light and comfortable, I would guess they would be good for running, walking or working out not much of traction on the sole, but I would guess that is what keeps them light and has a good amount of mesh so your feet don't get to hot and sweat a lot.", "it very good lookinggood materialbut sadly it is not comfortable at all (the fit is good ) !", "My daughter tried  all the shoe stores the day this shoe was released and it was not available in her sizes, to my surprise it was on Amazon but  for more than expected.Since this was the only place that had them I purchase them for her because we had promised her another pair of Jordan which was release earlier but there were only a limited edition and she did not get them.", "Bought them for my son for work.  He says they fit fine and are comfortable.  He only likes to wear Nike, so I guess that says it all.", "The footbed is extremely comfortable! However, I have found that these flip flops do tend to run small. I gave them to a friend, she loves them!", "Nice material. Great fit. Very well constructed. Really great deal on a fantastic pair of Nike boots. Would buy another pair if more color choices.", "I ordered these shoes for my 14 year old son, who wears a 14 wide. It took a little longer to put these shoes on, compared to regular tennis shoes, but they are supposed to fit close and snug like gloves. The laces are adjustable, allowing him to loosen them to get his foot in, then tighten them for a perfect fit. The wide width fit him perfectly, and he loved the fit of these shoes.The velcro strap at the top keeps the laces from being pulled and untied during matches, and the light mesh sides cut down on weight and allow his feet to breathe. The entire shoe is flexible and bendy, and the bottoms are non-skid rubberized material to give him firm footing on the mats.We ordered a pair of ASICS Men's Split Second Wide Wrestling Shoe at the same time, and will be sending those back - they are stiffer, heavier and too narrow. These Nike shoes are exactly what he wants in a wrestling shoe.Edited December 2013: our son has worn these shoes for 4 months now, and he loves them. They're holding up well to daily use, and they dry overnight so the sweat hasn't made them stink.", "These are very nice looking shoes don't get me wrong BUT they cost $230 in some cases when it retailed for only $115!! the doubled the price! If you got the money for it and really want them go for it, but its a rip!", "I usually wear 11.5, and now its kinda small. also it is very narrow, i had to take out the sole.", "My oldest son loved the colors and how well they fir for a constantly active teenager he was able to use them for over 6 month and still uses them today", "Product is fine its just the colour, it is advertised as red and black and it is definitely, cerise pink and black.", "At first I thought they were gonna be too narrow for my feet but I put them on to get the feel of it and they stretched out on me,i guess like getting a new pair of jeans.Awesome shoes can't believe how light they are and very good grip for the court.", "It is very comfortable and fit well with my foot. I like it and it is also cheaper than other shoes.", "These shoes are really nice. Simply as espected.verry happy with this product.soft from the inside and texture nice. Yay yay yay", "I like a clean, sturdy looking sneaker and this is exactly what I got. I badly needed a new pair of sneakers and the price was right. Well made, comfortable, even though it's a medium, I normally wear at least a wide width. I'm thinking about ordering another pair. i'm very pleased with this sneaker.", "These shoes fit great at my normal size. I get compliments on how great these shoes look. .. especially here in Bulldog Country!  They are very light weight so it's almost like more wearing shoes. If you want a shoe that looks great, fits great, wears great and performs great... then this is the shoe for you.", "This shoe is awesome looking! I love the white with grey! It is made good as all mike Jordan's are!", "These shoes are really nice with just the right amount of kick. When my husband put them on his feet he was very happy. These Nikes were just what he needs to walk around the cruise ship and to go on excursions. We liked the price tag too. They are very comfortable shoes, stylish and just the right touch of swag. If you want your feet to feel good, I would recommend these Nike shoes.", "Nice shoe.  Light and comfortable, but fits a little tight.  The only problem I have is with the tongue, where it is stitched on to the shoe it bunches.  It folds the wrong way so I have to adjust it before tying.  Over all I like the shoe, but should have replaced it before I wore them.  Maybe a new pair would not have the issue with the tongue.", "the nike free powerlines are stylish and are extremely comfortable. they have excellent arch support and i love the colors. Just remember to order 1 size up and you'll be fine.", "My 15 year old son had wanted these cleats, they are super light weight and comfortable. He is a size 13 and this is not an easy size to get. He loves them and would highly recommend them to any soccer player.", "I purchased these for my son who was raving over them.  I was surprised at how lightweight they are.  No the most sturdy looking or feeling shoe but he likes it and it is still holding up pretty good.  I gave it 5 stars because my son really loves them and they were for him so I figured if he was pleased, that's all that matters.", "Boy... Where do I start?I purchased these shoes in the summer, and I've only worn them ONCE. Understanding that they are a primarily indoor basketball shoe, outdoors will be pure HELL. I made the mistake of wearing them once on a outdoors court, and will never do it again. The shoe seems to fit when you first try them on, but the inside sole of the shoe is built with a weird hard material around the toes (not to mention that it's also pointy on the toes), which makes it hard to run up and down the court because your feet are constantly rubbing on the hard inner sole, causing blisters. I remember wearing them for 2 games and immediately taking them off to play in my Vans. My Vans are more comfortable than wearing these Nikes, which is sad. I like the ankle support in these shoes, but the inner sole kills the whole idea of wearing these shoes for me.However, the seller of these shoes was very fast on shipping, and had no problems during the buying/shipping process. Product was in great shape (completely new shoes).With that being said, I do not recommend these shoes at all.", "They fit to size. They are very comfortable. I love the Nike brand especially for basketball sneakers. I recommend these shoes to anyone.", "My son has owned other Nike slide sandals and has loved them all. This was no exception. He loves how comfortable they are and \"stylin\"  Great for a teen or young adult.", "Personally, I love the way these look, but they're also very comfortable.  They come with additional white laces, so I intertwined the white and black and relaced the sneakers.  It took me about an hour, but I've gotten many compliments since.  I would definitely recommend these.", "The only thing I don't like about this shoe is that the yellow part on the side has a different type of material then the rest of the shoe. It's a polyester soft type. I could not see that in the picture and don't really like the combination of it. The colors are a nice bright yellow which I like. The fit is a bit tight but I am sure it will wear itself out.", "The shoes actually came to me in perfect condition as if I hand picked them. I bought the black and yellow and royal blues. They fit as supposed too and came really quick, after 3 days it showed the product was still in California but in reality they were at my front door that day after work.I reccomend this company to anyone who like Jordan mids.", "The shoes are very nice.  The sizing runs a little big so if you order them I would suggest ordering atleast 1 size smaller or atleast 1/2 size smaller than normal.", "This is funny but true, the first day i got this item, i felt so bad because i had to wait for over 2 weeks before i get it.When i got the package, i felt so reluctant, but Lo and Behold, the very first day i wore it, My elder brother, bought this shirt and paid for shipping again. I'm confused right now, the shirt is durable,dri-fit is a new clothing technology adopted by Nike to give a sweat-free day.I like this shirt.", "These running  shoes are for my wife, and believe me, she is difficult due to a big foot. The best of all? they fitted perfectly", "Hi there,I bought this tennis shoes, awesome!!great fit, looks very niceI'm a happy customer, I recomend it a 100%", "Great comfort and great color combination. My brother in-law will love these slide's. He's a big fan of Livestrong brand......", "These shoes are fire. I love these shoes. They look so cute on my son's feet. Paired with his gray Montreal Expos snapback hat he was the envy of all his friends.", "I have very flat feet, and as a result put my medically customized orthotics in any shoes I wear. With the orthotics, I find that shoes with a neutral platform work best. I've tried many.The Nike Free Run+ line has consistently been amazingly comfortable for me, from walking to running to working out at the gym. The sole is flexible, the upper is light and comfortable, and I love the sock-style tongue (not a separate thing).The fact that they have brilliant colors, and that they're customizable if you buy them from the NikeID store, makes them my first choice.", "These shoes are a Christmas gift for my son and I opened the product to check them and they are very nice shoes!!! This seller is very good as well. I ordered these shoes on 11/22/11 and received free shipping and got them today, 11/23/11... All I can say is \"WOW\". Great product and great seller!!!", "I bought this for my son to replace his Oakley backpack for school and it was much cheaper and just as high quality.  It protects his computer well and is sturdily sewn together.  He is someone who knows how to destroy a backpack, and no holes yet!  Looks just like the picture.", "These are comfortable, lightweight shoes that look better in person. They are breathable as well and have very good stability. I use them for walking and running, but also to just go out because they look great. For hardcore runners, I wouldn't recommend them, as even though they are light, they aren't as light as other, pricier shoes. They are true to size and they look like they will be fairly durable. The toe area could use a little bit more cushion, but I also have long, thin toes. I do like this shoe and recommend it.", "I have bought several pair of these boots, not only for my self but for my friends.  They are super comfortable, similar to wearing the Nike Free running shoes.  I absolutely love how light weight they are.  I hope these boots never go out of style.", "Pros: Incredibly light and flexible, superb quality (as is tradition with any Nike product), paracord laces will probably last longer than the boot, sole provides awesome traction even in some slippery stuff,  ZERO break in time, super quick drying, super breathable, comfort cannot be matched, they just look so good (people honestly do notice them).Cons: not steel toe, not insulated, not waterproof. Solution is simple, read the item description and don't but them if you need those things.Use: As an EMT/FFLocation: Northwest PennsylvaniaLength of ownership: 6 months (approximately)I will start off by saying I am a huge fan of Nike. As far as shoes go, I won't wear anything else. More specifically, the Nike Free line of shoes. When I saw these, I just about had a heart attack. Don't get me wrong, my old boots weren't too bad at all. But these are honestly next level. As soon as you open the box, you can see the quality. Stitching is heavy duty, soles are glued on firmly. And of course, the materials are the highest quality. I was also shocked at how rugged the tread is. The pics don't do it justice. If I may make an analogy comparing shoe soles to tires, these things are definitely mud tread. I was also pleasantly surprised to see that they came with paracord laces. Pretty sweet. All this is great, but when you strap them on your feet is when you'll really be sold on these for good. I even have wide feet, and these things just formed right to me. Incredible flexibility from that Nike Free sole I mentioned, and they weigh NOTHING. This is not to say the ankle support is lacking either. I am 6'2\" and weigh 250lbs, and in the 6 months I have been wearing these not once have I felt as if I was going to roll an ankle. The breathability is also amazing. My feet sweat pretty heavily in other boots and I typically have to use a heavy amount of powder. Not so with these things. Even through a hot, busy summer on the ambulance they don't even smell bad yet.As far as the features these boots lack, like I said all you have to do is read the description and know what you are buying. If you NEED steel toes or waterproof, look elsewhere. I live in NW PA, where the weather is frequently not so nice, and these have served me well thus far. Through rain, mud, shallow creeks, etc. They are easy to clean up, and they will dry out faster than you think possible. Add a pair of good socks (Nike makes SF socks as well) and you are golden for most any conditions.The final test for these will be a hard winter's worth of work. I have faith that with a good pair of winter boot socks, they will survive just fine. Obviously these are not meant to be hiking through snow or sitting in a treestand, but for my purposes I think they will do it. I am totally comfortable giving these 5 stars all day, because I think they are the best boots I have owned for sure. As long as you check out the features (and even the lack of certain others) and are SURE you can survive without waterproofing, insulation, and a steel toe, you will love these.", "This is a great pair of army boots but it doesn't last in rough terrain like ranger school. It is very light and not waterproof.", "These boots are great and feel wondeful on my feet.  I would recommend them to anyone military or not.  They feel just like sneakers.", "Excellent quality!! I love these new kicks. They are comfortable and the purple looks great. Perfect size and everythinh if you are a size 6.5.", "I've had the hardest time locating these exact shoes in my size for the longest time. I'm so glad to have found them and in brand new condition, not used. I was extremely happy the day they arrived in the mail =)", "Be aware that these are for very muddy (soft) ground. Otherwise, you will hurt your feet or even worse, your knees.But other than that, very solid, resistant and extremely good looking boots. Would recommend!", "These things became uncomfortable to wear after just a couple of months. I am disappointed with the quality of how these wore so quickly. Nike can do much better.", "I like da purchase i made i am completely satisfied with wat a received and in da amount of time received my ordered. ..I will purchase again from them", "I love these shoes. They go so well with everything. They are super comfortable too. I already have a pair of Grey Jordan Growns (the v.2 high ones), but the carbon fiber design on this was can't miss!", "NICE SOCKS this review is asking for to much they're socks they fit snd they keep my shoes from smelling", "These are the most comfortable socks I have ever worn on a golf course.  Extra padding around the arch of your foot is very comfortable. Quite impressed!", "Dang, this jacket is an absolute classic. The color combination makes it an instant classic and if you are anything like me, you would rock it for style rather than just an athletic jacket to work out in, in fact i would not even dream of sweating in this, it is too good for that, lol. Anyways, the item arrived in great condition from the seller and it looks even better in real life. Its very comfortable and the poly material outside is soft and sooth to the touch. Hope they get more stock of this jacket before it sells out forever.", "The picture looks better than the actual shoe. The quality is good, just not the right running shoe for me . they are however great for a walking shoe.", "Don't purchase this product....  You'll only get about a week of use before they begin to sweek !!!!  They are very, very loud.  My son purchased this product and now refuses to wear them because of the noise.  Oh, it's not an isolated case.  All the kids, who have this and other Jordan sneakers, are call sweekers at the local junior high school.Forget about returning them, once you've made the purchased and worn the product!!!!  Take off the Jordan emblem and you've got just another pair of $19.95 sneakers.", "Very cute.. very comfortable and light.. have held up great, purchased in July and have also washed several times.  Would definately recommend!", "I bought them to play on dirt fields and they work amazing. Love the shoe its just a little bit small.", "Atendeu completamente minhas expectativas. A armao &eacute; realmente leve, e o design bastante esportivo. Muito bom para correr e para usar no dia a dia.", "It's not leather, is plastic. Made in CHINA and the sizes are all wrong.I bought these shoes to the seller Watch Colony, ordered according to the size chart that appears on the page, size 7. Although they say size 7 shoes are extremely small. Maybe it size 6 or 5.5. Try every possible way they changed the shoes and did not. As I live outside the U.S. pay high shipping cost (almost double what they cost shoes). And I came to nothing because Chinese plastic shoes are small and I do not use anymore.", "These shoes are amazing, they are extremely lite and feel like your running bare foot, all from the design to the technicality of this shoe it's superb, 5 out of 5 stars!...", "It's hard to find running shoes in size 18.  I was very relieve to finally find some NIKE running shoes.  Great comfort and stability.  Thanks Amazon!", "I have had these shoes for over 2 years, running 3-4 times a week. I do quite a bit of cross training and these are my go to shoes for distance. I do hills and flats and they perform well during both. wonderful grip when you open up your stride. I recommend these to any runner and even to non runners (they are that comfy). fit and finish was excellent as would be expected from Nike and the shoes wore down slowly.", "I highly recommend this running shoes. They really met my expectations regarding comfort, impact, lightness and stability. The only problem is that they make my feet stink. But other than that they're very awesome.", "those are a good adquisition, I'm overweight person and I use them specially to dayly use. The only problems was that they did not arrive on time but rest of it was ok.", "I have two bad knees but still love to workout on the treadmill.The \"Nike Reax\"is the best running shoe I've ever had.There so light,but the supports there.You will LOVE this shoe.", "The red looks pink. The color is deceiving ... But very comfortable I'd suggest a deeper red than wn this", "Super comfy, stylish, and very modern. I wasn't expecting them to be so perfect when they came to my house and I opened up the box. Definitely changed my view of buying shoes offline. I will definitely buy shoes from this company again! As long as they have what I need thank you.", "great shoes good for just walking all my friends are envious of these shoes some say there a bit stiff but perfect for me easy to clean (live near a forest mud dirt bricks great to clean)", "me gusta la marca air jordan siempre a sido lo mejor en zapatos y ropa en general al igual que los clacicos", "Jordan comes through again with amazing comfort, and amazing performance. I've purchased two pairs of these in different colors and have used one for everyday wear and another pair purely for gym purposes. Both have held up very well and are way better than other shoes I have purchased. It's nice not having to deal with laces flopping around, and the straps on top and on the back provide superior support in the ankle area.", "love the slip on, just what my husband was looking for. The color scheme is great, easy to clean, and lightweight. the velcro strap is adjustable to an extent, and the sole is comfortable for walking with slight impressions for your feet to fit better. would recommend these to anyone. easy to clean and store, comfortable", "I bought this for my husband in 2011 and until now, he still loves to wear this! Very good quality. Worth the price.", "I bought these shoes recently to have a pair of casual shoes for autumn work days. I was surprised by how nice they look. With a pair of jeans these look cool, I've been getting a lot of compliments... and they're really comfortable.", "I'm no expert on sunglasses or anything, I usually buy fairly cheap ones (&lt;$30) but snagged a pair of these on another site because they were on sale.  I flipping LOVE them!  They fit very well and wrap nicely around my head to keep sunlight from coming in the sides.  The large lenses keep it from coming over the top of the glasses as well.  Plus I just like the look of classic shades rather than the oakley look everyone seems to be going for.  Build quality seems good and the case that mine came with is pretty nice.  I'd buy these again at full price for sure.", "Fit is perfect. Very well constructed boots. Super color. Will hopefully last a long time. I wish they came in more colors for boys.", "I wear them to work. They are very comfortable. I wear them to work.  My feet use to hurt cause I am on my feet all day.  Since I bought these my feet don't hurt.  Please keep making them.", "I like to run 5k and 10k's.  The fit of the Nike Air Max complement my gait and foot shape well.  As with any running shoe, I would definitely try them on in a store before purchasing online.  That said, I found the price on Amazon to be better than I could find locally.  Shipping and packaging were both excellent.", "These are very good tennis the only problem is the sole at the heel wears fast and that makes the shoe not last long", "I was very excited when i bought this shoe. I don't complain about the fit and the comfort, that was very good. I particularly liked the design of the shoe. It was a head turner. I also read a lot of review before buying it. Some of then even warned about the problem of bubble pooping. But i did not pay heed. Let me tell you I was the first buyer of this shoe in the whole of India - bought it on the day of launch in Bangalore. But i must say that this shoe did not last as long as a shoe this expensive should. The sole wore out very quickly - within just 3 months. As a result, the air bubble popped and now the shoe is totally useless for me. I paid more than $200 for this shoe. And it lasted me only 200 kms. I won't recommend this shoe to anyone. You could buy 2 good shoes for the price of one Air Max. Very disappointed. Will not buy Nike again for a couple of years. Sorry Nike, you just lost an avid fan.", "I'm so cheap when it comes to tennis shoes because I don't like them, but they're necessary for work outs, especially with flat feet. These are so comfortable and well made. I bought a pair of Nikes from TJMaxx and after wearing them twice one of the soles started peeling away from the shoe, but these are cuter, better made, and worth the money!", "I have weak ankles and are prone to spraining. These shoes are the most comfortable I have had and they are a minimalist shoe that gives you a close to barefoot experience that helps me. I wear at the gym everyday(5 days a week) and I love them. Have had for 4 months and no problems. For running, cardio, and weight lifting they rock. Great shoes and worth the money. Go to your nearest place of business and try them on and you will see!They are also cute. So says my wife...", "my favorite running/casual shoes right now. great product from nike. obviously over-priced, but what do you expect? very light weight and comfortable. great for running and other daily activities.", "I bought these shoes and have put about 500km on them. Being my first pair of somewhat \"minimalist\" shoes I was at first worried about giving up the extra shock absorbtion in the heel of my current runners. I did notice an immediate difference in how \"hard\" my foot tended to strike the ground on my first couple of runs, but I believe that these shoes encouraged my natural running posture to adapt, work myself away from heel striking, resulting in an overall more efficient stride in the long term. There was also a noticable weight difference and it's hard to go back to my old shoes now. They are also quite breathable if you tend to run in hot weather.My only complaint is that if you run on gravel paths at all, the design of the sole tends to collect a lot of rocks so when you switch back and forth from gravel to pavement it can be annoying to get the rocks out.", "I am really ecstatic about this running shoe.  In fact, i bought a another one in a different color.  Some people find it otherwise, but i guess the choice of shoes is very personal.  I went to a local Nike Store and wore this exact shoe before buying it at a discounted rate in Amazon.  Get a one size higher than your usual shoe size.", "Best shoes ever!When I first put my feet into these Nike Free Run Shoes 5.0 it felt like I was in heaven. The pads are so soft and the designs don't wear out the first few days. I go on hikes with these shoes and they are still in good condition. You can bend these shoes back so the front tip touches the shoe laces.These shoes only weight 5 ounces, and come in many different colors from blue, to black, to white, to neon green. These shoes air out so you don't get stinky feet. Underneath the pads is a place where you can put a Nike Plus Kit. You can buy them online for about 30 dollars. You can hook the Nike Plus Kit up to your IPod to have your own personal workout.I bought these shoes about 2 months ago at Champs, in the Provo Mall, and they are still in great condition. I bought them for about 100 dollars. There are a few things I have not enjoyed about these shoes. At the front by your toes it starts to fade color. Also these shoes are a bit pricey. Small rocks get stuck in the tread because of the gaps so you just have to pull them out.Overall these shoes are the best. These shoes are good for anyone. You won't regret buying them.", "I am heavyset and these shoes give me great support and keep my feet from hurting.  Love Nike Zoom Vomero's and will keep buying them.", "fits as expected.  I order the same size and style yearly.  Color selection was not great but it works out OK", "This is the shoe that I use for running.  I love the shoe and it arrived timely and has been a great experience.", "I searche the web for the Nike Vomero+ 7's as I really like the fit / design of theolder model and I found it on Amazon.  Great shoe / value !!", "These are great shoes, but they are not like the older versions, I loved the Vomero+2-5 series, they were a lot better quality and built shoe.  FYI - I paid $130 for these in July 2013, save yourself some money and go to the factory outlet where they are selling this shoe for $80.  I wasn't too happy the weekend I got these when I shopped at the outlet store to see them for $80.  I was looking for a pair of walk around Nike's and couldn't believe a couple days before I paid $130 for them.  Blah!", "Bought a pair in April for $99. Now the exact same shoe is listed at $130 &#34;discounted&#34; to $120.  Shoe is ok but I'll shop elsewhere.", "I try to remember that most Nikes run small for me.  I ordered a half size larger than my actual size and it is just about right.  However, I should have ordered a full size larger.  I was afraid that a full size would &#34;look&#34; too large when wearing them.  I gave 3 stars because they ARE comfortable.", "No heel protection, just a mushy shoe- reminds the NB 1080. Sadly there NO competition at all, New Balance & Nike make pretty much the same stuff.I wear semi-rigid orthotics therefore it's a bit less noticeable because my orthotics has heel protection, I'd not recommend them for heel strikers.Oh and laces are WAYY too short!Overall not impressed.", "I fell in love with the Vomero 4's, settled for the Vomero 5's, skipped the Vomero 6's, and now the Vomero brand has almost hit rock bottom. Not the arch support, thinly cushioned, non durable foam density. Both stars are for appearance.", "I love Nike and have many pairs.  Thin is particular shoe runs small and a bit narrow so if you have a wider foot go a 1/2 size up.", "Shoes came as promised and on time.  Just went on 3 mile run and shoes performed as epected.  It is unfortunate that Nike has decided to change this shoe so much in the newer versions.Thanks", "Great shoes.  Very comfortable and fix just right.  I have almost worn them out already.  Nike is a great product.", "I'm writing this because I feel that this sports bra does not get enough attention. As a runner, I've tried my fair share of sports bras. However... I am constantly coming back to the Nike Compression Sports Bras. I always feel fully supported and never feel a bounce when I wear them. For others sake, I am a 34C with small shoulders and I bought a size Small. Perfect fit. I think if you're on the fence about bras... buy this one. Nike never fails.", "This has been my favorite workout bra for several years.  Very supportive and stylish.  Doesn't stretch out like some cheaper sport bras.", "the sneakers are super cute for girls and comfterble. i use them for running at the gym. no complaints. arrived on time and cheaper than in stores.", "very comfortable,  pretty and durable! would buy them again for my daughter!she completely loves them! beautiful  color combination.goodd luccck", "This is probably my 7th pair of Nike free runs. Love them; however, they do not last long running long distance. 4-6 months of running, I need a new pair.", "it was a nice shop, it was for me but is not a big deal, thanks for all. bye :)", "I bought the size 7.5, the same size as my dress shoes. These are made about a size smaller, so if your dress shoe is size 7.5, you need to get a size 8.5. I gave it away to someone who has smaller feet.", "The only thing I like about this shoe, is the color scheme!It feel like there are wedges on the outside edges of the heals making you walk like ---&#62;  V, on the insides of your feet.  HORRIBLE!", "It is sturdy and looks good. The color is so good for my boy who is ten years old. It is not heavy but looks not light.", "great price, very comfortable, shoe breathes nicely, and color is fun and different. i am aware Nike tends to fit smaller, and this was no different. a half size bigger would have been a better choice&#8230;.keep in mind", "I have a bad ankle, so I've only used this shoe for walking, ellipticals, and the occasional basketball game.  These shoes are super comfortable, and are great for what I've been using them for.  As a bonus, it looks pretty sweet.", "I always have an impossible time buying athletic shoes that keep my heel from slipping out. Some reviewers say these shoes are too snug/narrow; however, they are the most perfectly fitting shoe I have ever worn. So if you have a heel slippage problem like I do, give these a shot. They were just a tiny bit tight in front when I first bought them, but they stretched out just right after a couple days.", "These shoes run very narrow and short.  They are comfy, nice looking, and light, but Nike doesn't standardize their sizing and as a result, I am stuck with a pair of shoes that are too small.Waah!", "My 14 year old son has wore these sneakers for a year now and they still fit and look good. They came in his favorite color too.", "I bought this pair, was not happy with them, returned them and now they kept the shoes and will not return my money, do not buy from them, they do not answer you when trying to get your money back.", "I got exactly what i expected when i purchased these. They make excellent running shoes for sprints and for long distance. I actually prefer to wear them out in town to when i have a lot of walking to do. Very comfortable.", "I ordered this for my grandson and he loved them. They fit just perfect and came in when they were expected.", "Its an average footwear. nothing to rave about. fits as expected. it IS very light so i guess it will score points with avid runners", "I bought these shoes for the price, but they have proved to be fantastic. I use them for the gym, running outside, and even everyday wear. I've gotten lots of compliments on the colors too. Great product.", "I love these sneakers, they are pretty bright but nice.  Its funny because I bought these on line, and I went over to show my niece, and then she goes into her room and brings out the same exact sneakers.  Great minds think alike! :)", "i dont think the color in the picture is its true color.  and the width is a little small. other features are fine. just dont like the color", "It was what I expected the product looks good on the foot and is very comfortable, if meets my expectations", "Looks good, lightweight but toebox is too narrow.  Is light on support.  Couldn't return so I'm using for walking but not what I was looking for.", "I bought these shoes when I started a workout routine.  They are light, good support.  I fight heal spurs, they don't bother them.  And I always get comments on how they like the color.  Wish I could still buy them.", "die hard asics fan for yrs! former college long distance runner and looking to get back in shape, idk if asics has gotten sloppy with their support shoes and lean more towards &#34;weight&#34; of a shoe but Im in love with the lunarlon series! keeps my knees healthy and pronation control is awesome! nike has won over my heart!", "This is the second pair I've ordered I love the wide band at the top, it makes a very comfortable fit.", "As they are made to make the sport: Wonderful. Very light shoes. Convenient and compatible colors. It can be difficult to keep clean.", "I;m waking all day long and fill at the end in pretty confortjust like it, planing to get another one dif color", "These started out as good running shoes, decent soles, decent uppers.  After just a few months the toe area has worn out, hate the material they use now for that.  They won't last long.", "They are a great pair of shoes! They make me run faster and feel stronger. If you want a pep in your step, these are the shoes for you!", "In some shoes I wear an 8 1/2 and others I wear a 9. I ordered a 8 1/2 in these and now I wish I had ordered a 9 cause they are a little snug, though not to the point that I can't wear them. These shoes are incredibly light though and are super comfortable for all sorts of activities. One of the best shoes I've ever owned and it's no wonder that I see people wearing them everywhere I go.", "Absolutely love this shoe. Very light and fits like a glove. I run fairly often, 3-5 miles 3-4 times a week, and these shoes provide great support and are extremely comfortable to run in. It doesn't hurt that they look really cool either...", "Nike Free  Run 3'sAre you tired of getting holes in the bottom of your shoes? Well then go look at the Nike Free Runs. They have a very nice bottom. It is like a bunch of little squares. Which actually make it really hard to get a whole in the bottom of your shoe. But these shoes are really not made for someone who is not very active. This product is probably made for someone who is really in to running and all that stuff. But if you are pretty active and outside a lot. So that if they start to get a little black on the bottom just go play a game of football or soccer in them. And it will make them look like you had just barely bought them. I really love these shoes and I bet that you will love them to. They are one of my favorite shoes that I have ever owned.", "By far the most comfortable shoes I have ever owned! The black ones don't look as good as the red ones IMO.There is a slot in one of the soles for a Nike pedometer thingy.", "Very comfortable, nice styling, soft exterior but not water proof and you'll feel the cold on your feet in the winter. I got them a little tight and took out the insoles and they're still very comfortable. I'm not a runner but I felt so sure footed I jumped on a hydrant and then raced with my 7 year old daughter all the way back home.  If I can get 1 year out of them, for about $8 per month, it's worth it.", "Will order again - perfect - cute little guy shoes  :)  Fast shipment arrived on time - just as described!!", "Hot Punch is like an extremely neon pink, not pale at all, just full of such character. Because I love them so much I wear these only for indoor cardio and they do the job and somehow just make me completely happy while doing it. Wow I jump HIGH wearing these babies. I usually wear a 9 but I could only find a 10 and they still fit fine. Of course they are very functional for exercise or just looking super cute.", "Ordered them on friday and got an expected delivery date between Oct 4 and Oct 10. Had them at my door on October 1st! I ordered a size up as most reviews for this shoe stated but think I could have done with just half a size up. I couldn't find this shoe in this color and my size ANYWHERE. Thank you RunnWalk :) Was super happy to find it and enjoyed every bit of my quick run this morning.", "Love love LOVE these shoes! I typically wear a 7.5 so I ordered a 7.5. They fit like a glove and are ridiculously comfortable. Not to mention I get compliments at the gym every time I wear them. A+", "i need the Nike Wmns Free Run+ 3 Tropical Twist.  i found then online; i normally wear a size 7 but about 2 yrs ago when i bought new nikes i needed 7.5.  the reviews all say size up.  my question is will and 8 be ok since this sneaker runs small and it seems nike is making there sneakers smaller?  thank you for your opinion.-laira", "My husband loves these, but their not in stores anymore and I want to suprise him. So please get them in size 9 for men", "These are great shoes for running!  I bought them hoping that replacing my cheap running shoes with something more supportive would reduce the joint pain I was having in my knees when I ran, and so far, it has.  And I've been complimented on how cute they look :)", "Love these shoes my second pair. I am worried Nike will stop making them. Fit perfect out of the box, plenty of cushion, (which seems hard to find these days).", "I needed this shoes because i started running and i love them, they re not heavy at all, and they look great in all my outfits", "This are from my wife, but I've been running since 6 years ago with Vomeros and their are excellent product! nice color, perfect functionallity, I really recomend it! for runners pros, begginers and amateurs...", "These are nice shoes and so far I am enjoying them.  The one problem I have is big toe bunions and the last pair of Nike shoes I bought had extra pads on the big toe and little toe area which made the comfort level the greatest.  I find these shoes to cause pain after I walk my 4-6 miles.  Not sure that is an accurate statement as it may not be the shoes causing the pain, but my big toes are sore after walking in these shoes. Thought I would try these as my old style was not available in my size.", "Great fit. I like that the shoe bends well when I move. It would look softer in a lighter shade of grey.", "not what I had expected so I had to return them. colors are ok, but the laces are super hard to pull", "Comfortable when running, but not impressed with the overall style of the shoe.  I wear a size 7, but wish I had gotten a half size bigger.  The shoe is durable and materials are good quality.  I've had these about 6 months and am already looking for another shoe which is a little more lightweight and more cushioned.I previously owned the Nike Vomero 2, which were amazing.  These just aren't nearly as good.", "I have worn the Vomero for a few years now and they did not let me down once again.  A very supportive and cushy shoe.", "No more knee pain!  They are way more cushioned than the pegasis, however the fit in the heel seems a bit big. I think part of that is the extra cushion, but I've just learned to tighten them a lot tighter to make it not feel wierd.Great shoe!", "After my previous gym bag was ruined in the wash I purchased this gym bag and I love it. It's big enough for my gym clothes and lunch but not so big I can't keep it under my desk at work. I absolutely love the separate compartment for my shoes as my previous bag did not have that and I hated it. I would definitely recommend this bag to others.", "My 10 year old loves his Nike frees especially as they just scrape into the dress code of white runners!", "A great pair of shoes. My son loves them, they feature great colors and are very comfortable. I would recommend them to anyone.", "These shoes are very comfortable.I typically wear a women's size 8 and got these shoes in a youth boys size 7 and they fit perfect!", "I bought the shoes for my nehpew. He has worn them about two weeks, generally they are good, but if they could be wider a little bit, they would be perfect. The duarability is unclear so far, hopefully good.", "I started off by buying myself (2) pairs of the men's style of these shoes from a local store (before I checked Amazon) and couldn't believe how comfortable they were. The shoes were buy one get the second pair half price. I then went back and purchased a pair for my son and a pair of the women's style (in grey and fusia) for my wife. Both my son and wife love the shoes. My wife said they are the most comfortable running shoes she's ever had. She also loves the style and colour. I wanted to get her another pair so I went on Amazon to see if they sold them and found the shoes from this seller for a lower price than I paid for the first (4) pairs...even with shipping!! I bought her another pair of the same shoes in the Cool Grey colour scheme from this seller so she can be styling with more outfits. I totally recommend this seller and these shoes in both the men's and women's styles !!!!", "I love this pair of sneakers! Such a difference from the nike shocks. Makes running a lot easier wearing a lighter shoe.", "Great shoe--bought for my daughter. They are lightweight and slightly low profile (minimalist and not too cushioned). She likes them very much for PE, track conditioning and general training.", "I work on my feet running around for 12 hours a day. I really needed comfortable, supportive sneaks because my feet always hurt. After wearing these for the last few weeks, I have no more sore feet at work! My feet are happy. I am happy. Oh and don't let me forget, they are SUPER CUTE!", "Love these shoes! Good cushion and support, so not for the 'barefoot' shoe phase. The colors are great. I'm considering buying another pair. True to size.", "like them they fit pretty good would buy them again I own 2 other pair of Nikes love the colors", "I normally end up getting one size bigger, now with the wider fit option, I get the perfectly fitted running shoes, And love the cushioning forms arc, and always love these Nike brand.", "I originally got this shoe as a training shoe, but I liked the feel of it without any insoles better. It's now one of the most worn pair of shoes that I have. I have looked for reasons to wear these shoes with outfits now.", "i bought this shoe because i needed a light shoe to workout in. This shoe is exactly that. light weight and comfortable. It also fit true to size. It is very thin and not really flexible however and i dont see them lasting for too long (a year or so, tops).", "Very good and comfartable for training and yoga. My friend is very happy with this choise. Nike is a good one to go.", "I LOVE these shoes!!  I get cramps in my arches so I needed some new shoes... I went to Footlocker, tried them on and the memory foam inside instantly sold me. I bought the pair of pink and black ones in February (hopefully this is the right link Nike Women's NIKE IN-SEASON TR WMNS TRAINING SHOES) but the cloth right by my big toe ended up ripping within 2 months.  I loved the foam in the shoes so much that I didn't really care that they broke so soon, I just had to have another pair.  I seen this pair on amazon and noticed that there was an improvement made to the cloth by the toe area so I bought them.  I've used them for walking, running, and everyday wear.  They've lasted around 6 months now with no rips :) I just seen that the TR 2 has come out so I will be purchasing those in the near future.  The combo of arch support socks and these shoes have helped my feet become pain free", "I love the foam inside, and it fits in the foot. It dries easily and lasts forever! I look for something similar in my country and they never brought this.", "Love these shoes!I bought them for summer workouts when it was too warm to wear my other workout shoes. They are what I expected cool and lightweight.With such a thin sole I wondered if they would give me enough support and cushioning for my workouts and I ws surprised that they did! They also look great on casual days with jeans.", "I ordered these shoe for my husband for a birthday present. He likes them a lot, and the fit is great for him, too.", "i love these sneakers i use these sneakers for the gym, basketball and other sporting activities they are comfortable and good for anything they even look good while ur out", "These were part of my fianc&eacute;s birthday gift, and he only wears high tops and is quite picky, so I think I was just as pleased as him when they arrived, the transaction was idealistic, early, true two size, and appear just as described!", "the last pair that I purchased was too small I went a size up and their good, I am pleased.", "i love it and my son will too on christmas morning. thank you for getting it here on the right time.", "Too tight for me, return it. Will go to a store and purchase it. Have to try it out before buying any shoe.", "i would give this shoe four stars. the shoe fit as expected and they look ok my only complaint is that they fit kinda tight on the uper toe section", "Really nice shoes. I ordered these in a normal width as I do in all my shoes. This shoe was a little narrow and hurt my toes for a while until they were broken in. Otherwise, love the quality, colors and would recommend to anyone. I get compliments on them all the time. Got them for a decent price on Amazon. Try one on in a local store first if at all possible before buying online. I could not find these shoes anywhere locally.  Another shoe you may consider is the Air Max 2013. They are true to size, look great and very comfortable.", "I am trying to run more.  When I gotten these shoes, I didn't realize how comfortable they are and how light.  I would recommend getting the NIKE Free Run.", "Runs a little tight in width for my size ten but breaking in fine.  Arch and sole support are excellent. Recommended", "this shoes are so confort and easy to wear is kind a small so I buy halfsize more big and fit perfect look so nice have great material qualityI will come back for one more in different color , fast delivery .", "Love the style and fit. Plays great on the court. I wish they made more shoes like these sweet kicks from the 90's.", "Nike Air Flight 89s are my fav nike shoe, so this new color was dope, but for some reason these were a little tight i have like 6 pairs all 8.5  and these 8.5s were a bit tight but they'll work.", "Super fast shipping!!!exactly what i had expected . box was kinda squished on one end but eh don't mind other than that was satisfied with my purchase.", "too small, not comfortable as i expected, maybe next time, i will try another bigger size or another brand like new balance", "this pair of shoes is exactly what I wanted, it's really enjoyable to do exercise with it , and looks cool", "After reading reviews, I ordered a half size larger, and I'm glad I did. Just right, and very comfortable. I just did a 5K in them, and barely realized they were there. I will be buying more pairs in a slightly less noticeable color for everyday wear", "Shoes are a half size to small. I would order a half size to a whole size bigger. sharp shoe. No shoe strings", "I usually wear around US 8.5-9 depending on what type of shoe or boot it is. But this shoe I seem to wear a 9.5.", "buen calzado, me parecieron lo mejor.. rapido y atentos con mi compra, espero comprarles nuevamente en alguna oportunidad e mi vida.", "Extremely comfortable shoe.  Breathes very well, it is a weird feeling to know you have a shoe on but to feel the breeze on your feet because these breathe almost as if there was a sandal there.  I do not run in these but am always doing activities in them.  Great for warm weather.", "Words can't describe the level of comfort the Rosherun has to offer until you try these shoes on. Whether its for running or walking the Nike Rosherun will not disappoint. FIVE STARS WITH NO HESITATION.", "These shoes are fabulous. They not only fit perfectly and look really good but they also accommodate your sole inserts, which is a huge deal for people who have feet issues.", "i totally love i have been loocking for this kind of classics items and they were some of the missing one, thanks SneakersRx you are responsible , fast , i hereby recommend you to the amazon costumers community", "I love the great colors. BUT, no that comfortable. These need a extended break in period. Really really stiff shoe", "My 10 year old loved these shoes, but they were too big. He wore them anyway. After 2 months the bottom was punctured and the air deflated. A little disappointed because of the cost.", "I have a son going to school that opened these tried them on and is in his glory. he loves them. they look and feel great. being a boy rough on sneaks, I will have to update on wear and tear in near future. So far thumbs up we love amazon, got here on time that is one thing I personally have no issues at all with keep up great work.", "sneakers fit great and my child loves them! They go great with any pair of clothing and are a great pair of running sneakers", "Sandals are cute but they will hurt your feet on the back, at leas this is what I've experienced with these shoes.", "Canvas feels very sturdy like it will last and I've come to love the basic mogan shoe, velcro strap is a plus.", "Very pleased with the shoe! Was skeptical about ordering without tryin on first, but ordered the size I usually wear  in Nikes and it fits perfect. Only thing I didn't like was the laces, too long and white, which obviously was an easy fix.", "Purchased these for my nephew! He saw them and picked em out. When they arrived and he tried em on he loved them. Nobody else on his football team had any like these and he loved the fact that the cleats were changeable in case he had to play in mud.", "I really like these shoes but the size I ordered was too small. I recommend buying a size half-one size larger than your original size. These are really durable and comfortable and I recommend it. Just get the right size.", "When I ordered these shoes I thought I had to wait 5 days to get it but it came in 2 business days, so that was really quick service. When I first got them and put them on they felt great on my feet. A little tighter fit on the left shoe but it was still a great feel. The color looks great!! A lot of people don't have this color way. So this was a really FAST and GREAT service. I recommend you buy from them!!", "Good product, consider buying one extra size than yours cause it fits tight, other than that is a great product.", "Bomba pro still the best for playing in sintetic grass..the colour black red is my fav,This is the best all I need to playing futsal..:)", "I bought the Nike CTR360 Trequartista soccer shoes for my son and they are true to their size, fit comfortably and he absolutely loves them.", "The shoes were the wrong size and had to be returned.  Their return policy was excellent, and everything was taken care of quickly!", "This shoe fits like a dream! They are so comfy and definitely stylish. I have wanted these since I first saw them in high school.... Now they are finally mine! and I cannot wait to wear them. What a perfect addition to my Jordan collection :))", "These are not expensive socks, and as you would expect - you get what you pay for.  The padding is pretty minimal.  It will be interesting to see how these hold-up with repeated washings.", "I bought these with no satisfaction what so ever.1st. - These are $22 /wo shipping you can get them for $13 at your local Footlocker or Champs.2nd. - They feel terrible3rd. - The ones that cost less is WAAY better and I insure you they're not the same. These are expensive and it sucks.4th. - They rip easily", "Well, my daughter very much, put it down! The price is also good.Well, my daughter very much, put it down! The price is also good.", "These shoes are exactly what I expected. They fit exactly the same as a previous Nike shoe I owned. They are real Nike shoes so no worries there. A bit more expensive than what they were at a Nike store, but still worth it. Shipping took a couple of days, it was very quick. I would recommend absolutely.", "I bought these for my brother for $94. I saw these in Modell's after I got them for around $70 at retail pricing (no sales or anything). Guess I got ripped but he likes the shoes so oh well.", "The socks came in on time and were what I was expecting. The packaging was a bit rough, but they appeared brand-new.", "I received 2 left socks.  Disappointed with purchase.  Will not purchase again. Cost more for return mail then ie's worth.", "My son loves these.  He wears them a lot. They have not worn out or gotten holes in them. Great socks for athletes", "These nike socks are my sons favorite.  They come in great color combinations. Perfect for sports or casual wear.  Arrived quickly", "There is so much padding on the bottom of these socks that it almost seems like you are wearing supports for the inside of your sneakers. (I normally buy supports for the inside of sneakers since so many brands lack arch and heel support ) These socks are great.  I just wish that they didn't cost so much.", "i bought these socks for my son to where at his basketball games. everyone on the team wants a pair now. they keep his feet snug,no  movement or sweet can released in the shoe . they r a hit......", "These are very nice socks and I bought them for my grandson. I think he will be very happy with them. the delivery was prompt.", "I got a pair of these for my son for basketball. There great there the best athlete socks to buy. Its worth the money. It has padding on the sock and will fit your foot nicely. Buy them!!!", "I seriously love that tying these shoes aren't completely necessary. Just slide on (adjust laces if you really want it to FIT) & then go.The gray border between the upper part of the shoe & the white sole is just starting to crack here and there from so much use, revealing some of the bright yellow underneath. It kinda looks like little lightnings/cracks of light are shining through, so it doesn't look so bad being a little worn out. I got a lot of compliments on this pair.Definitely made it through puddles, rainy days, etc.. Never slipped or felt water leaking in, so these are pretty water-friendly. Gray color is definitely dirt/dust-friendly as well: camouflage, nam sayin? If you run rain or shine, I would definitely recommend these.", "He's a coach in SE texas and he wears these every time they're clean. I end up washing during the week so he can wear one everyday.", "Comfortable and breathable was very happy with the quality of the product and will definitely make more purchases in the future", "love these shirts. very comfortable! Great to work out in. I would recommend to anyone. I want more, in more colors", "The shirt was a gift for my boyfriend. It was packaged well, and still had the tags. It fit him a little big", "This shirt is great for warming up, light workouts, or running outside/on the treadmill. It fits really well, and is thin so it is very breathable.", "The shoes that I wore previous to these shoes were New Balance. After, finding the style I wore was discontinued. I went on a search to find a similar shoe in black. I bought these shoes based on reviews from another site. The shoes felt comfortable when I tried them on at the store and I thought for sure that these shoes would make great work shoes. My job entails standing and walking on hard surfaces. After, wearing these shoes for one 7 hour shift, I am sorely disappointed.Everything felt fine to me except for the heel and arch support.It felt like all my weight was distributed mainly to underside of my heels when standing. There needs to be more support/cushion in the heel and arch area of these shoes to make them more comfortable. I am sorely disappointed and will try to add an insert to the shoes in hopes that I will be able to wear this shoe to work.", "My 8 year old son saved up his own money to purchase these. They look exactly like the picture. Durable, great looking shoes! He loves them.", "These were great cleats for this season of Football.  We had no issues with loosing studs on the bottoms, or woorying about replacement parts.  They all stuck in there perfect.  This is the first pair of cleats in 5 years that we did not have to replace the bottom studs or replace the entire cleat.  By far a great fit for our 15 year old who wears a size 16 and has long narrow feet.  I will definately look for this style and definately stick with the Nike's!", "The shoes arrived quickly.  They were comfortable and the correct size.  They split at the seams within weeks of wearing them, but Nike was good about refunding the purchase price.", "Because of the qualityEven though the price is a little expensive but it's worth it,,, and I would recommend to anyone who like to look stylish", "This may be the best looking casual shoes ever that Nike have made. I bought them at a store for 50 bucks on sale and the best decision i have ever made. They go great with any plaid shirt. I just bought them today. But hey go and buy them if you are thinking about buying them. Good luck with your purchase and may all of you guys be happy with them as i am.", "I have a size 7 7/8 hat size (XL) and I can barely get my head through the opening. The grommets around the pull strings scrape against my forehead when I put this on, which is really annoying. Other than that, I like it. I had another one of these that I left somewhere and didn't have any fit issues with that one. So perhaps their quality control isn't the best.", "This Nike Core Fitted 2.0 short sleeve top is perfect. It fits exactly as I want it to. It's tight enough around the upper body but gives a bit around the torso, unlike the compression tees.Also, it's the perfect length. It's not too short, so you can freely put your arms up without having the shirt come up too much. If you have a muscular build or normal build, buy this in your regular shirt size.It's breathable with very fine holes in the back to allow ventilation. The holes are so small, though, that you cannot see through the shirt.I have this in many colors and is my go-to shirt for the gym. Nike needs to keep making these and in more colors.", "After getting this months ago for the Summer, this shirt has proven to be a great product. Nowadays it's my favorite shirt for how it looks, feels, and functions. The shirt's back ventilation and ability to absorb sweat is great for working hard and trying to stay cool. For me it also fits well at 5'9\" 140lbs (I get a Small), with extra length and slack available at the bottom. Overall, it's very comfortable, and not a scratchy synthetic like you might be used to. It's great.", "It is really good, when I wear it, I feel really comfortable and soft, I can wear it anytime, like do sports, take a walk", "My grandson loved his Nikes!!  He said they were the best cleats he'd ever had.  Thanks.  Nike will always be our choice in cleats and other shoes as well!!", "I just picked these up for my daughter at Sports Authority for the same price as Amazon. This is her 3rd pair of cleats, and I'm happy to say these are the first pair with normal length shoelaces. The other pairs I've had to switch out because they were insanely long! These cleats are very comfortable according to a very active 8 year old who practices 3 days a week and plays games 2 days a week. They look great, not too bold, but the pink accent is a nice touch. I'm really glad I purchased these over some of the others. Not a bad price for Nike either!", "I got an insanely good pair well before the expected delivery. I use them mostly for Ultimate, but they're pretty good for football as well!", "Fits snug, doesn't ride down like my ankle socks tend to always do, and comfortable. Favorite pair yet. Love them!", "This was a gift for my teenaged son. He loves it and wears it regularly.We are happy with the quality and make... it has lasted well to date.", "My son isn't due for another month, so I won't know the fit until then. Product arrived on time, that's always a plus.", "I'm in love with the outfit it is too adorable. Once the baby is here I cannot wait to dress him in something so comfortable looking", "The gift set that is for my grandson and when I described to my son, all he could say was, you got my son a beanie mom.  I didn't really think of the cap as a beanie but if that's what he wants to think it is then, oh well.  He likes the idea of his son having a Jordan beanie and is excited so that's all that matters.  I purchased this set because I know how he feels about &#34;Jordan&#34; and the set was crazy ridiculous.  It was reasonably priced for what you would think for something &#34;Jordan&#34; and my son will be happy and that's all that matters to me!!!", "It was a cute outfit for my son to wear it, for his first picture have to buy another ;.", "Provides a sense of style while providing comfort for your baby! Easy to put on and my son isn't able to kick them off either! LOL", "This shirt fits true to size.  The dri-fit material keeps you dry just as it is intended to.  This is very comfortable and stylish too.", "This is back to the basics, but still stylish.  My husband would live in these clothes, if I let him!!", "I got these shoes for my stepdaughter. She plays basketball and loves they way they feel. To bad they don't help her jump like Lebron.", "The sneakers are great because the style is one of the nicest that Nike has made and you can see and feel that the quality of this particular  style. Any of the Retro III (3)  have been one of the best till date. Also they seem to be one of the most comfortable sneakers I have worn.", "This shoe is light, comfortable, and well crafted.  I would say that it is better than most asics running shoes up to $100.  Comparable to the new free runners, at a fraction of the price.", "I have purchased this shoe for my husband the last few years they have made it.  Nike makes the same shoe, but each year it's a little different, this seemed to stay true to it's design. I went to the NIke store to get the 2012 model and my husband said it was awful.  He knows I love to hunt, so I found it AMAZON of course.  He has the green ones and the red right now and wears them everyday whether running or going out shopping, they are actually stylish and he can wear with some nice jeans when we go out.  He's pretty stylish and really likes the way they look.True to size.  He wears 10.5 so I buy 11 running shoe and these fit perfect and are so comfortable.  They seem to last long too... the inside doesn't squish down so quickly that they loose their cushion.I have found that lots of running shoes do this and we run 5 days a week so we need good shoes.", "I got these shoes for my son, he was surprised and very pleased with the good quality and appearance. I would recommend to everyone if a still have them in stock.", "arrived super fast and my son loves these shoes.  super light, fun colors and we have never had any problems with hypervenom line.", "A friend had asked me to buy this for him as a favor. Going by the fact that every time he runs, he takes a picture with them on, I'm pretty sure he loves them. He was skeptical about the tint working, but no complaints! They work perfectly!", "Though I got 3 lenses but I didn't, only got the sunglasses but they are very good sunglasses.  They are very comfortable and they do not fog", "I bought these for my 12-year old son's birthday last year, and they were some of the most comfortable shoes he has ever worn.  He says they are extremely cushioned so that it is like walking on clouds.  Of course, this means that they set the bar for comfort and fit, so I will be purchasing ones like this--or similar Nikes--for him again this year.", "Best sneaker for a very active competitive boy. It is comfortable and my 11 yr old son is very happy.", "i bought these as a gift and they fit perfectly. he was very happy  and so was i :) great purchace", "Shoe fits stiff at first but after a couple of times worn shoes feels very comfortable on feet great shoe", "Shoes fell apart I mean what shoe does that!! I thought nike was a good shoe???? I am lost for words", "I bought the Air Jordan 8.0 as a gift for my husbandHe loves it so much that he only wears it for special games and events.I will be purchasing the other colors soon", "I had been wearing K-Swiss tan shoes for about 20 years, and never saw anyone else ever wearing them.  They finally started to wear (I developed a bad case of Metatarsalgia wearing them while walking around SF one day!) so I decided to get a new pair of shoes that I've never seen anyone wear before.I couldn't find the K-Swiss anywhere, so I just searched \"tan sneakers\" and found these.  My daughter let me know that they are very trendy, and I let her know that I doubt anyone is buying the tan shoes!These shoes are MEGA supportive.  The sole is firm and just pliable enough to be comfortable.  These are walking shoes, even though they were probably designed for the court.  They are pretty stylish, too, as I have received several compliments from my middle school students (in spite of the color; which I love!)  If you are looking for firm, solid, supportive and stylish shoes, you'll love these!", "I do a lot of walking and I have flat feet, so the sling in the middle of the shoe caught my attention. It really feels comfortable on for long days of walking and it supports my bad arches perfectly. There is a lot of give in the sole so it contours to your foot as well. They are also very stylish and the Nike+ app is pretty cool too. I love love love these shoes!", "I bought them because I wanted to do a 5K and they helped me monitor my progress. They are comfortable too", "No words to describe quality and confort using this Nike Air Jordan 14. It's beautiful, exactly that I was looking for.", "We've never gone wrong yet buying Nike products for the many sports team participants and constantly growing feet around here!  This pair is no exception.  They are comfortable, a great fit, and provide a lot of cushioning.  Size was just right.", "recibi mis zapatos s&uacute;per recomiendo R&aacute;pido this tienda soy de Venezuela en 10 dias llego mi Pedido ..los zapatos Originales", "I bought these bball shoes for my son and he was very pleased and happy with them.  He communicate that they were true to size and very comfortable.", "I have extremely sensitive feet and I find that every basketball sneaker I try rips my feet apart. NOT THESE. These are the first sneakers I have played in that fit well, feel comfortable and don't leave me with blisters after 2 hours of playing ball. Just bought my second pair this week. Love them!", "Bought for Granddaughter and she absolutely loves them. Says they are very lightweight and comfortable right out of the box.", "The socks are great socks to wear with shoes and great socks to wear around the house.  These socks fit like goods socks should.", "very bad product, I received a cheap imitation of the original. photo of the publication of the boots are original and what is not received anything. the template is ordinary leather is of poor quality, the internal fabric of equally ordinary shoe, laces equally low quality. that lack of ethics, and worst'm not the first user to write this recommendation and will be paying for an imitation. I recommend not buying this product or products from this seller.", "This shoes are really nice . Definately . But they hurt your pinkie toe because of the plastic on the outside but other than that  =)", "My high school student loves these shoes and I loved the price.  They seem to be well made and he has been wearing them a lot.", "Looks good.  Fits great.  Feels wonderful.All in all a great shoe.  My daughter for whom I bought this is very happy.", "I wear these for actually playing tennis. They gave me the worst shin splints I have ever had the first few times I wore them. It happened during the first set if not the first game. Luckily, I figured out that if I don't lace them up all the way then there is no problem... so strange. I asked my buddy about them. He also got shin splints but he played through it and just sort of broke them in.Update:The sole of the shoe is made from rubber that is pretty soft. In about a month of playing 4 - 6 hours per week I have worn a large portion of the sole smooth.Update 2: They seem to run large in size compared to Adidas.", "These shoes came very quick and they are comfortable. If you are used to the regular Nike free, then I must tell you that these toggle ones do not have the same arch support which I thought would cause me problems but haven't so far. I have worked out in them and ran some but haven't done any long distance running in them yet. The yellow shoe strings are VERY bright so if you are not into that this shoe is not for you..... I am very pleased with my purchase and it was a great buy!", "Very comfortable, but they tear around the top.  I continued to wear and then a hole in toe.  Would buy again, but not at the price.", "Very comfortable technology for a sneaker. I like these for walking and heavy free-weight strength training like squats/lunges on squat rack etc. At first the muscles in my feet were sore and tired from wearing them the first few times, but then my feet seemed to get stronger and they felt normal in the shoes after that. When I occassionally wear my old Nike's again my feet feel unusually constricted. It's also breathable so I find if I'm putting on cold sneakers, they warm up faster than other sneakers.The one downside is that the entire shoe seems to not last as long as other workout shoes. The sole wears out unusually fast and in an odd pattern because of the flexible squares. The fabric material around the rest of the shoe is also fragile and can snag and tear somewhat easily,", "True to size. Very comfortable for my wider foot. Not a ton of support for wearing for very long periods of time. Would recommend.", "Love these sneakers!  True to size and pretty comfortable.  I'm used to sneakers with a little more sole strength, but other than that love them and the colors are great!", "This was a great gift for my husband.  I sent them to him during his deployment and they fit him perfectly.", "I bought this shoe for my grandson, he loves Nike and won't settle for any other sneaker.  I bought 4 different styles and colors, but this one, he loves the best.  He says its very comfortable, easy to clean and the price was just right!", "I could have went with the 5.5;but I don't mind wearing a bit heavier sock!! Fast shipping!! Awesome product!! love them!", "This is my second pair well is really confy  for walkand special for run is great is the firts time I haveperfect confort in tennis shoes is that much I buy two differentcolors I use size 7 but this shoes is little small and I buy7.5 and fit me perfect in every sense if you buy one for sure comeback for more and have great price too", "I bought these for Nursing school, they met the criteria and my particular choice in style. these are great shoes, comfortable, and easy to keep clean. what more could i ask for", "Shoes is great, but size is not correct. I ordered shoes in size - 8.5 On the box indicated that size, but the shoes size is 8th  :-(", "These are the only sandles I buy.  The straps are elastic, so they stay on your feet without slipping around.  I have some that are 5 years old that are a little stretched out and don't hold so well anymore, so I bought new ones.  Love 'em!", "Couldn't ask for better flip flops! Comfortable and nice fit make for an outstanding combination. This is my second pair", "These are my second pair.  I will wear them out and then I will most likely buy some more.  Great!", "The product fulfills the expectations of comfort and attractive for his use. Neither have seen them in selling sites Nike. Good buy without a doubt.", "Great fit, as elegant as it seems. Basketball-wise, not light, but great ankle protection. I'm really happy because is a good shoe for a good price.", "Absolutely love this shoes. I had been looking for these shoes for some time, and was very glad to find them on Amazon. The price and the fast delivery were added benefits. True to the description! Very light shoes! Highly recommend it.", "but it isn't. The shoes fits perfectly, but I didn't get the comfort that I was looking for. I guess this is the drawback for ordering it online rather than finding it in a store so you can fit it.", "They are good and comfortable they recommend.Nike Elite Mens Running Shoes 311082-037 Medium Grey 9 M US .Very good.Fit as expected", "Its a Very nice Boot, So far i have not slipped when playing, I have used it both on Artificial and Natural Fields, its been good and also very light", "The Sleek design, the color, and the cleats are awesome, they have great grip on firm ground, definitely recommend these shoes.", "Fine, good time and price. I buy a great gift to my daugther, she say, is very soft and can play fine.", "WOW. That's all I can say about these hot sapphire Nike Mercurial Victory III Firm Ground Football Boots. The only thing mercurial will be the speed at which these sizzling hot cleats make panties drop.There is no question that these are the sexiest cleats every created. NONE. These things will make your feet ejaculate. These shoes will have the ladies all over you like you were Jerramy Stevens' fists. I can't put into words how amazing these sapphire beauts look. You have to see it with your own eyes. Just don't stare directly at them for too long. You'll get an erection, guaranteed. And it's hard to play coed adult kickball when you're hard as a rock.So don't take it from me. Take it from my opponents, who just watched me launch another bomb over their outfielders' heads with my sexy cleats. Take it from them, as they watch me stomp on home plate in front of their helpless faces. And take it from them as they watch me bed their women rapid-fire like a cum-shooting Gatling gun.Get your hands on the sapphire Mercurial hotness. And don't look back.", "Found the, shoes needed asap they were found, shipped and received within a week.  Thank you amazon.  My son loved them, said, &#34;These Cleats are Sexy&#34;.  How can Soccer Cleats be Sexy???", "The Nike CTR360 Libretto III Astro Turf Football Boots is good for me ,is nice .Synthetic Leather Upper - Upper material which is lightweight and comfortable which helps enhancing performance and fit.Die-Cut EVA Sockliner midsole - For cushioning and reduced stud pressure.Lightweight TPU Outsole - Built for enhanced durability and underfoot comfort.Control Pads - Built for enhanced ball touch making you sharper than your opponents.Asymmetrical loop lacing - Provides a bigger striking zone so you get better ball contact. Adding both accuracy and precision to your kicking.", "These indoor shoes are seriously so cool. The bottom has an American flag type pattern that's too cool. Overall, the most stylish indoor shoes I've owned. Highly recommended", "these are one of the most comfortable shoes i have ever gotten. and look great, love the colours and design, so stocked with them", "NIKE AIR JORDAN 11 RETRO MENS 378037-107I love these jordans and so did my two year old son , they are very comfortable yet very stylish as well ...I would personally suggest these shoes to any and everyone ...", "The Lord issued you one set of feet so you better take care of them. These running shoes are great for my feet because of the endless running the Army puts me through. The air makes the impact of each stride against the ground while running a much softer contact. If running on gravel you don't feel the rocks even if they are sharp and the design reduces slipping. They have reflective material for night running. The shoes last about 7 months before the top fabric tears or before you run a hole in the shoe causing the flat tire effect. Regardless you should change your shoes every 6 months.", "I typically put 400 mile on the Nike Air Max & this was just another replacement for a previous pair.Great shoe & love the +Nike tracking system!!", "Love these shoes!  Bright white and lime green create the perfect combination....great foot and arch support and aesthetically perfect for me.  Go Nike!", "I still can't understand why my wife would spend $150 on Nike shoes.They look nice, though... but I can get 3 nice pairs for me with that money.", "I have brought a lot of sneakers in my time. My #1 pair of sneakers used to be Nike rift now it's the air max 09.I'm getting another pair.great price also.", "My son received this shoe for his birthday and had them for 6 weeks until the air chamber wore through and deflated.  Several boys in his fourth grade class had the same problem.  When I spoke with Nike directly, they told me my son was too hard on the shoe and there was no problem with the quality of the product. Nike will not stand by this product, so make sure you keep the receipt and box so you can get a refund if needed from Amazon.", "Unfortunately the size got big in my son's feet, but the product is really nice and an excellent quality.I will buy a smaller one.", "If you can afford to pay $130 for a pair of shoes that last 6 weeks then these are the pair for you. I returned them to Nike and they said the air packet was deflated due to regular wear and tear. In my book, a shoe marketed to 10 year old boys should last a little longer than 6 weeks. Never do I pay this much for a pair of shoes, but my son really wanted these. It makes me ill that they had no Air after 6 weeks.", "Came on time and my girlfriend.loves it she uses it to workout now and says very comfortable. Did replace the shoe lace to match more", "i really love this shoe they are so comfortable to wear all day i have three pairs in total it would keep buying them", "I was sorely in need of some new compression shorts for running, and these were exactly what I was hoping for.  These replaced a nearly 10-year old pair of Nike Pro compression shorts in a different color.  They fit great, are extremely comfortable, and hope to keep them for many years and miles to come.  Looking forward to picking up another pair at some point soon.", "This is by far the best running shoe I have ever worn. Extremely lightweight and really feels great on impact.", "I ordered this item on Tuesday and was advised I would receive on the following week. The shoes came on Friday the same week. 5 stars just for that. Im the type that likes my things like ummmm yesterday.... They fit a little snug at first but once I wore them a couple of times, fits like a glove. The color is as pictured......more points. I actually will order a second pair. Kudos to Sole Society", "It is first time for me to use Nike product and I am very impressed by the extreme comfort and beautiful appearance. I recommend it for any athlete who is in need for excellent running shoes with marvelous comfort .", "This shoe is light, well constructed and fits perfectly. I will definitely look for the same shoe in other colors.", "I have found Nike shoes to be too tight and uncomfortable.  I tried the LunarGlide after a friend recommended it.  I love the feel.  This is my second pair.", "Nice running shoes. Super light and perfect for my step. Regarding to the durability, looks will not reach 400Km, but it is to soon to confirm.", "very light weight, comfortable and amazing looking shoes. I use it for everyday commute and not for running. I totally recommend anyone looking for great shoes.", "You can't go wrong with the Nike Lunarglide 4.  I had the Lunarglide 3 prior and like it as well.  The 4 might have even more cushioning and extremely light weight.  I run 4 miles 3x a week and this is definitely the shoe for my needs.", "Size 13s Fit well, very comfortable for a heavy runner (im  6' 3&#34; tall and over 250lbs). A little noise from  the reflective material under the mesh.", "Got these for my son.  He is hard on shoes and these are well made and have lasted a long time and still wearing well.", "I wear an 11 in every shoe I've ever bought, but these fit too snug.  Probably will return, but they dont have an 11.5", "upon clicking the size 14 some lighter yellow or green picture appears, but they are actually the very bright VOLT color as shown in all the other pictures.", "These shoes are super bright - I love being able to spot my son in a crowd as he's walking out of school. He is very happy with the comfort and support!", "As I get older I continue to need more cushioning to continue to jog.  The Vomero has the best cushioned foot bed I have ever run in.  Great choice and I will probably order a second pair to alternate my runs.", "Gorgeous, high quality, comfortable. Colors are nice and they are light for running. Nike is the best! It never fails me.", "This pair of shoes fit like a glove. Perfect replacement for my old Pegasus +26. Ready to make some miles with them.", "love these shoes ... very good for gym workout and light cardio ... they fit, give good support and also look decent", "Like walking on a cloud. I am a neutral runner and a former D1 athlete. This shoe feels great to walk or run in.", "After 30 years of refinement, Nike has created a top end shoe that is nearly perfect. Amazing blend of cushioning and superb fit. I've been running for nearly 20 years and this is still one of the best shoes out there, from running your local 5K to training for a full marathon I trust these guys.", "I purchased the previous release of the Pegasus (Pegasus 28) and must have ran about 350 miles on them. Nothing but a great experience. Loved the shoes, never had issues but when the soles started to wear down it was time to look for a new pair. When I found the Pegasus 29 on Amazon, I considered it to be a similar shoe and, if nothing else, a bit of an upgrade. Wow, was I disappointed. The arch support in the Pegasus 29 is poor. It is so poor that after running for about 10 miles on these Pegasus 29's I had a sore back, sore arches and stinging pain in my knees. I am three Chiropractor appointments later and still recovering from running on these shoes. BUYER BEWARE. These are not anything like the Pegasus 28, unfortunately! I wasted my $", "I have always worn Nike Pegasus and this shoe continues in the tradition of a really good shoe for a good price.", "These shoes are perfect for my feet. They alleviate the stress from running on a daily basis. Nikes do run thinner than usual but that's what I wanted. No durability problems yet. They are amazing shoes overall.", "The Nike Pegasus is a neutral basic running shoe that has been out for many years (since the late 1980s) and have been always working for me.The current version is no exception, and people who liked prevues versions will enjoy this one as well.", "The shoes fit perfectly and are very comfortable. The color shown was exactly the color I wanted. Surprisingly, people often tell me how they love the shoes. I was afraid that people would judge that a 79-year-old man has no business wearing bright orange shoes, but I was wrong.", "Good morning friends my stuff please do not get me what I need never send to the address VLN6875 ADELSO MONTES2250 NW 114TH AVE UNIT 1VMIAMI, FLORIDA 33172-3652United StatesPhone: 7869724911 is my personal locker or I make a gift card to buy it again and please i need your help thanks greetings from Venezuela that is my size so just do not know where to communicate with you why I write for this helps with the purchase via", "I was havong issues with other brands of running shoes, most notably pain in the my feet after each workout. These shoes were reccommended to me by a friend and any problems are gone. The shoe cushions each step and controls motion of the foot at the moment of strike. Really comfortable and works as expected even when wet (got rained-on just yesterday doing 7 miles).Would reccomend it ti others and will buy more of the same.", "These are my second pair of dual fusions.  I picked these up because I loved the colorway and with knowing that these will not be available next year for the spring/summer line up, I had to get them. The Sneakers upper layer is completely mesh, and its combined with a rubber sole to give support during running or walking on very hard surfaces.  The mesh causes the sneaker to be very lightweight and flexible.  The lightweight and flexibility gives it a very comfortable feel on your foot.  The have a very light feel when worn and almost feels like you are wearing nothing but socks.  If you are a concrete runner or a person who loves to walk, I highly recommend these, as they give a good amount of heel support.  Retail is $80 from any Nike outlet.The Good: Very comfortable, lightweight, color is nice, HUGE selection of colors, great heel support, good for concrete applications or even long walks.The Bad: NOTHING! I just hope Nike makes a winter version for these.", "Sweet looking and comfortable shoes. Lightweight and good to run in too. I like a tha blue :P I hate spending money on shoes but these seem like they are worth it so far (1st week)", "The shoes are very comfortable and meet all the needs I intended for them (running, gym - anything physical); plus they look awesome! What would I expect from Nike though?", "i was expecting a reddish orange shoe like in the picture.IT WAS BETTER, it is a darker red and not a faded red like in the picture", "This is an extremely comfortable shoe, a little heavy, but super smooth cushioned ride and fits well. Beware of stepping on anything sharp though, like thistles, because they will deflate your air pocket, turning these into Air Minimum's, pretty much defeating the purpose of these shoes and making your stance crooked", "These 2012 Air Max shoes are quite comfortable and look great.  Got lots of compliments and comments on them.  This is my second pair this year.  I walk 2 to 3 miles a day in my work.  Couldn't live without them.Only reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is that they have an annoying squeak when I walk.  Both pair squeaked the same.  I paid over $350 for 2 pair of top line shoes from Nike that squeaked.  From Nike I would have expected better quality.", "I bought this second pair after buying another in a different color. I often spend long hours on my feet at work, and these shoes are very comfortable. I don't run with them, though, so I can't comment on them as running shoes, except that they're very light. I also don't think they'd provide a whole lot of support. But I'm very happy with them.", "Last 25 years I use size 9 (42) for all kind of shoes or boots and of course I ordered that size and it is written Size 9 (42) on it but I am sure it must be at least size 10 (43) and I couldn't use it for the running so I gave it to other man who is size 10 (43)", "This shoes is very beautiful and great for runners... There is a tip.... personalize your shoe with your name... This color night blue is amazing.", "Training for a marathon now and Lunarglide is my running shoe of choice, you won't be disappointed, lightweight, but gives support, very comfortable, and even after running 20 miles in them I don't get blisters or have any foot pain at all!!  Great colors and a great shoe!!!", "Good brand, good product, I recommend it one hundred percent, I love it and I would buy again. I like it", "The fit is perfect... both the length and the width are very comfy for my average foot. The support is terrific! I usually find that I need to circulate about 3 pairs of running shoes because I run or do cardio everyday but these are so supportive and bouncy that I can wear them seven days out of seven. I'm on my third pair of the same exact type and I'm tempted to buy 10 more pairs, worried that they will stop selling these awesome trainers! By the way, these running sneakers are also great on indoor cardio equipment!", "My husband bought the men's version of these shoes and loves them.  I just got them today and I love them.  They have great support and are light weight.", "Love these shoes, love the color and fit. I won't wear anything but these to run in. I need to find more fun colors to add to my collection. 11 pairs so far.", "I walk daily at least 45 minutes.  These Nike Air Pegasus sneakers are the BEST!  My arches have excellent support, the shoes are light, but give excellent support.  I am a happy consumer.", "I do insanity and I have very bad feet.  These shoes make my workouts a pleasure- no pain! Love them and they are cute to boot!", "I just love the shoe, it is comfortable, not heavy and fits perfectly. Have run with Pegasus several half marathon and that is why I got this ones for a marathon. It did work for me however I know we all have different running styles, performance and physical characteristic, the Pegasus is worth trying", "The best cushioned shoe on the market!  Great for anyone with injuries or arthritis or who just wants maximum protection from impact while running or walking. Nike needs to keep the Pegasus.  Well made and light with good support.  Great color choices a plus. Price a little high but you get what you pay for and will save money in the future with less injuries and longer more enjoyable runs.  Highly recommend.", "Awesome sneakers! I do a lot of jogging and therefore always shopping for supportive, comfy sneakers. I always shop Nike sneakers....but by far, this one is one of the best ones I have had in a long while. Unlike with my other sneakers, my feet are not soared after jogging in these - and I jog approx 5 miles for 4 days per week!! no pressure points since I have been wearing them!!", "It was not the size requested, try several times to tell the seller and always responded that I could not change it. My size is 8.5 and 5.5 sent me. It was small for me and sent them anyway.", "Los colores hacen juego perfecto. Sn muy comodos y para las clases de alto impacto como body combat super recomendados", "My boyfriend purchased these shoes for me, and I LOVE them, they are absolutely perfect. I've never had a &#34;nice&#34; pair of shoes before, I always just find cheap ones that will serve their purpose. I can't believe how much difference it makes to put a little money into a pair of shoes. These are most definitely the most comfortable pair of shoes that I have ever worn!I've read reviews about the air bubble things in the back popping, causing the back of the shoe to deflate. I have had no problem with that, though I am EXTREMELY paranoid that is going to happen!It did happen to my boyfriend's brother, though. He wore his shoes everyday for a year, went to the gym 4-6 times a week in them, and played sports in them. So they were very well used by the time that it happened!I would DEFINITELY recommend these shoes! They're very comfortable and soooo cute!!", "These are very comfortable and seem to be well made. The reason for 4 stars is that nobody is perfect and not everyone deserves a standing ovation.", "They fit well. I love the bright colors. I think these shoes will last a long time. I may order another pair soon!", "These shoes are great!! They fit perfect and are lightweight. I am definately going to purchase another pair. My husaband and kids like them too.", "These shoes are very comfortable.  I love them and recommend them to anyone.  The arch support is just right and the color is nice.", "I buy this for my sister,she loves it!!!!.The black and pink colors looks very nice,the pics dont make justice.Good quality,excellent cushioning and padding.Every morning running whit this.Great shoes for training or casual use.", "I tried them out once and had to send them back. I could feel every little pebble under my sole - very cool colors, but unfortunately NOT &#34;cushy&#34; enough for this runner!", "The Nike Dual Fusion is perfect support and comfort for being on your feet for more than12-14 hours. Awesome shoe!!!", "I Returned the product. The &#34;sole&#34; feature made my feet actually hurt. Suggest trying them on first, if you can.", "Just a nice shoe! Beautiful and comfortable! Great traction! It is good for trekking or country, and running in the city!", "It wasn't what I expected it would be.  Besides it is too small and I could not return it. Though, I will recommend it to friends and family because of the quality.", "Really nice pair of shoes. They fit really well on my feet. I ordered a size bigger and it is ok for me. They feel really comfortable and look good. What I don't like is that they are supposed to be running shoes and I feel they slip a bit on wet floors :/ I have to be careful.", "Excelentes zapatos! de muy buena calidad, super bonitos, comodos, a la moda. Estoy fascinada con el producto y el color es lo maximo!!!", "Thank you so much for my blue nike shoes.  They are absolutely beautiful.  I have never seen this color blue on ANY shoes I have ever seen.  I have gotten many compliments on my blue nike shoes.  Thanks", "Wonderful, beautiful and confortable shoes. All people's looks go to my feet. The color combination is perfect and when you wear them, you feel your feet as you are wearing gloves.", "Hermoso zapato conforme a lo esperado, la marca Nike, es muy buena. La orma del zapato es u peco peque&ntilde;a, mas o menos un n&uacute;mero menos, recomiendo considerar la dimensi&oacute;n en cm antes de comprar", "I love these shoes they stand out so much but I've had so many compliments on them that they love the color. If you love bright colors you will love these", "These shoes are not only attractive, but comfortable. I've never done a lot of physical activity before, so I didn't have good shoes for it. When I started college, I started walking everywhere. I walk about 4 miles a day. I loved all my Chucks, but they weren't very good for walking a lot. I'd end up with blisters on my feet. So I decided to get these, because they were inexpensive and I loved the colors. They are also very breezy so your feet don't feel smothered. They also arrived three days before the estimated delivery. I'm more than satisfied with this purchase.", "Nice color and feels so soft, I been using every day with no problem, nice I will buy again, cute.", "My husband bought them and he seems to really enjoy them. It took him awhile to find yhe shoes he wanted but he finally did.", "Really like these shoes, exactly as pictured and exactly what I wanted. Nice retro look, comfortable, no complaints or regrets", "Great combination of 21st century technology and 1980's classic look. Extremely light weight, with good arch support and cushioned Nike Air. Fantastic look and clean design makes this a must have for Nike retro enthusiasts!", "MY HUSBAND IS SO SATISFIED WITH THIS SHOE! GO AHEAD AND GET IT!THE SELLER ALSO LIVED UP TO MY EXPECTATIONS SO THAT WAS A DOUBLE PLUS! YOU REALLY CANNOT BEAT AN EXCELLENT FIT AS WELL...", "This is my second pair of Shox.  I received so many compliments on my old pair, I had to replace them with another.  I had my old pair for years, so my new ones are bound to last for years more.", "Nike is a very expensive manufacturer, but within their price range these are the best.They are beautiful, they are comfortable, well made and are durable.", "if you want to walk its great for thati go sometimes on runs and doesnt perform that well but overall an okay shoe", "These are really light and I don't really even notice the shoes while running.  I like this shoes so much that I wear them throughout the day now.", "ran in these and they made me crash. also the stitching on the inside of these bad boys right infront of the swoosh. its the thin mesh on both shoes. get a pair of sacony there better and girls will try to touch you then", "Great value for a mid priced running shoe-durable-not as much cushion as my more expensive running shoes Good for low mileage runs", "I like these sneakers, they are comfortable and fit well. If you are looking for a pair of sneakers for every day use, get these.", "Shoes were as expected except for a 4E shoe they are very tight on the sees of the ball of my foot", "will use again in the futher we love the shoes they arrive early but that was good they was for my husband work shoes for work so he loves them. thanks for a great product they are real nice and they do look like the picture. thanks again.", "I usually wear size 8.5 dress shoes (Dockers, Kenneth Cole, Bostonian) and they're perfect.  I purchased size 8.5 for running and my feet feel VERY tight in these shoes.  unfortunately, the window of time I was able to return them as passed (missed it by a few days!) and so i'm stuck with them.", "Great fit and fairly comfortable.  I run about 10 miles a week, not to much, but the shoes are holding up well for now and are fairly breathable, so my feet stay dry.", "Nike is a very expensive manufacturer, but within their price range these are the best.They are beautiful, they are comfortable, well made and are durable.", "I'm a bit new to ordering new shoes online but I have to say this was a very good experience. The shoe was the perfect size when it cam and the comfort level for my foot is beautiful. Overall, fantastic shoe, I would definitely reccomend it for anyone for everday wear, running, etc...", "These fit well and were the right price, however I've noticed that the sole is very slippery when wet. I am hoping that this will get better over time, but as of now I've almost slipped on wet concrete several times.", "Bought these for training for a half marathon.  Didn't actually run the race but these shoes were great at preventing shinsplints cause for me by should with less support.", "My purchases, Nike Men's NIKE DART 10 RUNNING SHOES  arrived perfectily, and fit as expected. the arrival time to me was OK", "These shoes are comfortable and make for good use, however, 3 months is too long to hold on to these and use them. If you don't use them for running, then they may last you longer. I have a pair of cascadia 7 (I also use for hiking) w/ different insoles placed in them during same period of purchase and for twice the price of the nike's dart has lasted much longer even with the usage it has gone through.", "Excelente producto, los tenis NIke siempre me ha parecido de muy buena calidad tambien que el servicio del vendedor fue exelente.", "Great shoe at a good price! Order a wide pair unless your feet are really narrow! Unfortunately had to return- thanks for free returns:)", "Shoe was cut too small. Squeezes the life out of my feet. But I didnt feel like returning and all the annoying return processing. I dont have the patience, oh well. I will not be purchasing again. Waste of time & money!", "They are about 1/2 a number smaller compared to my old brand. Also the sole is coming unglued at the front of the shoe,where the sole and upper part of the shoe connect. I didn't notice it until I had wore them to the gym or else I would have sent them back. Not happy with this particular item from Nike.", "I was looking for some lightweight running/walking shoes and I thought these would fit the bill at a really good price.  I found that these fit a little tight, so I'm trying to break them in a little at a time.  They also crease on the sides when I walk on the treadmill, indicating a not so great fit.  I figure I'll get use to them as they break in.  Its not worth the shipping costs to return them and get a larger size as the new pair will likely be a little too big (that has been my experience in the past).", "Shoe fits true to size - it is nice and wideVery light but not as much support as I would liketried it as a replacement for Air Pegasus 27 but is more like the 28 model - which also very light but lacking support", "Loved itlook even better than they do on picturesso comfortable, and the mesh transparency makes it look so great and r so fresh with the proper socks u feel like u didn't sweated at all", "Perfect fit and good quality for the price. The color is also good. Product very much same as in the picture.", "Light weight, but not sturdy. The grip is good. Fits perfect. Not good enough to buy as brand new, not bad enough to return either. Somewhere in the middle.My recommendation for new buyers is to pick up the old shoe you have that works best for you. Then order the same brand and size. This is especially help for buyers needing wide width shoes, as they are hardly on sale and so hard to find.", "I ordered a size 10.5. I know that different makes and models of shoes, sometimes shoe size can fluctuate between feet. Sometimes I wear a 10.5, sometimes a 10. I chose 10.5 knowing I might have to return it.Instead, I got a size 11 and they were without a doubt, too big.", "cheap, good quality,fast delivery. I'm really glad I had ordered this shoe!It looks even better than the picture which is rare in on-line shopping!probably the best sports shoes you can buy for 50$!", "Bought this for my cousin as a gift, he loves it.  Says it fits perfectly and looks great on his feet", "Fit nice, very comfortable. Sizes are perfect not too big or small. They look cool and my son loves them.", "It,s okay but could be cheaper. I suggest you to make a prequalified score that suggest the quality of the product.", "Got these shoes after a lot of research. One thing the research revealed was that it would be best to get +1 size from Nike than your usual shoe size and that really is true. If I had got my usual shoe size, I would have had to return and wait for the bigger size.+1 size fits perfectly. It's somewhat narrower than most shoes I have owned but it just gives a snug fit without any discomfort.I walk/jog about 5 miles a day and also walk every day to office and back, about 2 miles each way. I have not had any problems with these shoes during that time.Have to wait and see how durable these are :)", "These were bought for my Grandson who is 17. He really likes them. He says they are very very comfortable.", "Buying shoes online is always risky. I have always preferred Nike over the years as most of the Nike models fit my feet perfectly. There's no Nike store near to where I live so I had to order online.The fit for me with these shoes is somewhat tighter than I expected, but since I use them while running or in a gym, I guess its worth it.The only drawback is that the laces are really short in length.", "My husband usually wears a size 13 but I picked up a pair at Ross in size 14 and fit great. So I found this style on Amazon and picked up another pair and they fit as good as the first pair.", "I bought these for my husband and they fit as expected. He said they were comfortable right out of the box and he recommends them.", "They look and feel great. Good quality material and they look very durable. Felt the difference right away from my old pair.", "I bought these shoes under the weight of reviews and trust. After one month. They have fallen apart. I will now have to glue the bottom rubber pieces back on after so little time. This shoes are worthless.", "i can't wear any other running shoes but nike, they fit me better than most. this has a rounded toe area but fits slightly on the short side. i would suggest buying 1/2 size larger than you normally wear. otherwise it is a very good shoe.", "These shoes are about a size to small. My son wears a size 3.5 and I bought a 4 and my son had a hard time getting them on. Quite narrow. But he love them.", "My daughter loves these shoes.  They're comfortable for running or just walking around at school.  The colors are nice and bright!", "We buy the Nike Free shoes for all of our kids because they are as durable of a sneaker that you are going to find. The materials hold up to the washing machine very well and they look brand new after a wash. These are a smart buy.", "Let's just say, my sons are heading to London England to play semi pro. My sons are Eight and Eleven years of age.", "I love the way these sneakers look on my little man.  They are so cute and sturdy.  I recommend these to anyone that likes style.", "I ordered these in a boys 7 (which is also a mens 7) for my ten year old son who has wide feet. They fit himamazin and seem to keep his feet warm. (definately keeps them dry....but we will see how warm they are once wehave a foot of snow.  My son is getting to the age where boots are not cool and they try to sneak out of the housewearing runners - but these with these they are light weight enough and a cool style that he wears them withouthesitation!  Great product!", "Alittle small.  Can't put my insoles in them or they are to small.  Also a stiffer shoe. Nit as comfortable as my last shoes.", "Do these shoes come in purple? Im sure I saw these shoes on Zappos and they were in the color purple.", "I alway buy Pegasus,. but they just keep changing the model, this one ran a little small,was disappointed,  buttt they were super fast on the return! great job", "I have picky feet and waited decades for Nike to roll out proper wides. Finally, they did and they work great. I bought a second pair before I needed to.", "Too add to my Air Max Collection. Ive never seen this color scheme anywhere else. Also have never seen anyoneelse wearing them! which is perfect for me because  my whi closet goes with these LTDs . Too sick", "My daughter and a friend both have this sandal and I coulldn't believe how comfortable it was. Of course the Nike name you can't go worng with that. The shoe fits perfectly for my foot and c an be worn all day without discomfort.I am happy with my purchase.", "They are sized to large.  So when I wear them they don't want to stay on my feet every well..", "The shoes are very comfortable. Better than the cheap pairs. Feels like you're walking on pillows. Great for everyday walking and also by the pool.", "These are the most comfortable flip flops I have found. I favor these over tennis shoes to walk in anytime.", "When ordering this shoe, you need to consider if you will be using it barefoot or with socks.  With socks, you'll want to order at least a half size larger than normal.", "My step son wears these for every football game. He says they fit perfect and do not hurt his feet. They have held up great under the strain of a 13 year old boy who is 180lb and 5 foot 11. Would def. recommend this product to others.", "this type of shoes is perfect for walking, working out in the gym (except running on the treadmill), and dancing. i have wide feet and usually some athletic shoes that i buy are one size bigger because of it. this one is different; it had just my size. the fabric won't suffocate your feet. it is recommended for indoor-type workout shoes. all in all, the shoes are fantastic.", "la recomiendo muy practica para ir al campo, para hacer deporte o ir a la playa, vino nueva como lo indica el vendedor", "son is very happy...got what we expected and quickly too!!!  We would purchase again from this contact. positive experience. thank you", "Never buy this item, it looks more awful in person than on the a monitor and if performance is your thing is was so bad that my ankle broke. The leather makes the shoe heavy. Never again will I buy a jordan shoe they just suck people in like u and me because of ''the jordan brand''.", "The pants fit perfectly.  I love them for golf since they have deep pockets. I would recommend buying them. I wish they came in more neutral colors.", "High performance but my usual size 12 fit like a ten.  Luckily my friend bought them off me.  Too bad sweet shoes.", "I love these shoes they are very comfortable and look great. They can in the right size and they can within 4 days from when I put my order in.", "I Brought this for my boyfriend who works-out hard and sweats profusely. This fit well and keeps him comfortable. I will will definitely be purchasing more of these.", "There is no size given for this shoe. This is the second pair of shoes I liked and there was not a size listed!", "Quite warm and snug enough that it doesn't get snagged on things without being restrictive.The cut of this pullover is perfect for me--broad shoulders, narrow waist, broad hips. The sleeves are just long enough to pull over my hands for warmth, and the body is long enough that the bottom hem sits very well on my hips. I really like the zippered pockets--great for cell phone and keys and positioned so that you can actually keep things in them without it adding awkward bulk to your silhouette. Because who says you can't be warm and still look good? Recommended.", "Great pair of boots. My son love them. They look great and are comfortable. It arrive fast and it was well pack.", "I wanted to get boots for hiking/backpacking.  While there are other alternative brands that specialize in that area I wanted boots that felt like sneakers while at the same time being able to handle the outdoor abuse. Also, while I was willing to spend a bit of money I did not want to spend hundreds of dollars for a pair. Therefore, I came upon these boots.  First, the TT material is very good for rugged outdoor hiking and although it picks up a lot of dirt (to be expected in that terrain) it's also easy to wash off.  All I do after every hike is run the boots in some water and use a brush. Second, the comfort is very good, not just for boots but also shoes. I like to wear boots because I like the ankle support they provide. I wear dress boots, casual boots, and combat boots and the Goadomes are in my opinion the most comfortable of them all.  When you first put them on you feel like you've gain 3 inches but when you start walking there is a Nike Air Max sneaker feeling you get.  Those who own or worn Nike Air Max's knows what I'm talking about.  This feeling in my mind was comforting provided I like to go on hikes where my flat feet will get abused.  The only cons I can find is that they are pretty rugged boots so they will be heavier than your pair of sneakers.  Also, I've only had them for less than a month so I don't know how durable they will be.  However, I would like to disclose that I've worn the Goadomes twice while carrying my son on a 2 mile hike up a mountain 1,500 ft in elevation and worn them once on a 17 mile hike with 35 lbs of gear up 10,500 ft in elevation.  The boots came out fine.  I've used them to kick rocks, debris, and acorns out of the way, just abusing them with no care and so far, so good.  I love these boots so much I might buy a second pair just to wear around casually.  Finally, you will not be able to get this price for this boot anywhere but Amazon.  I think you can use this boot for anything, hiking, working, casual wear etc...  Buy the Goadome TT, you won't regret it.", "Very comfortable boots that are as easy on the eyes as they are on the feet. The non-scuff surface is top-notch. I've owned two pairs and use them when riding my motorcycle. Plainly put...excellent footwear!", "Fits kind of tight, I wear a large - returning for an XL.  I'm 6' 170 lbs average build... I like everything else about it though.", "Shoes look awesome, i always get at least one complement but its little tight for broad feet. Great vibrant color , very light and unique.", "I love this shoe, very comfortable, very durable and they came fast.  A must have for any Charles barkley fan. Takes me back to the 90s!", "So I was surfing on the internet for a KDIV 'YoTD' and a lot of the website except Amazon gave a really high price on this shoe. I decided to search it on Amazon and I found this deal which was a lot cheaper than I expected. I did contact the seller for more information about his shoe and yes it's 100% authentic. I went with the size 10 KD and the shipping was quite fast and yes they would put this in a standard nike box not the 'YoTD' limited box. It shipped from HKong to the U.S which takes only like 1 week. The shoe look absolutely stunning and you would be satisfy and this shoe worth every penny.", "I have purchased 2 pairs of these expensive sunglasses at full price.  They are great sunglasses to run it...however, the rubber nose piece falls out easily and if you aren't paying attention to where it falls, it is easy to lose.  Once it is gone, the glasses are USELESS.  I should have learned my lesson after the first nose piece fell off during a race.  I tried looking for it and couldn't find it.  Ran the entire race without glasses and bought another pair.  UGH.  Within a few months it happened again.  I know several other runners that have experiened the same thing.  Why won't NIKE sell just the replacement nose pieces?  You have to buy a whole new pair of sunglasses.  Will never, ever buy these glasses again.", "I ordered these shoes and although they were very expensive when I recieved them I fell in love. The feel good on my feet and they look great! I have gotten many compliments.", "I really like the Black History Month T-Shirt. It may have been a women's, but it fits me really well.", "chose the 4 star rating because the shoes were not damaged and they're just what i imaged they be like", "Let me say I sold my2002  chevy impala wit da police ppackage! !! To get these mah G and man what! dezz shoes so fly I just float into the air with every step its crazy son!! Yea and all the 2 dollar hoes hoodratsbitches love the boy shoe game. they make sure I keep my shoes on when I smash... so get dezz dawg  no regrets yolo", "Sure these shoes are pricey but you get what you pay for. I worked 60 hours a week all year long and I finally was able to purchase these shoes. I put them on and you could immediately tell these weren't your average $60 sneakers. They may have the same amount of form, comfort, shape and performance but they are WAY more stylish. Like $3,000 stylish.Sometimes my daughter complains, though. She'll say things like \"Are we going to eat tonight\" and \"I'm tired of sleeping in the street\" but then I just show her my awesome Nikes and she shuts her little bitch mouth.Great shoes, do recommend!!", "Let me just start by saying that these shoes are worth any price.  Found these on here and was shocked of the price but I fell in love.  I would call blue and purple color pattern super psychedelic.  It's kind of like that part in Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory when they're on that boat going through the trippy tunnel.  Yeah like that.  Well I didn't have no cash to buy these kicks.  I found these guys online to\\hat said they'll buy organs for 4 grand each.  A few days later, I'm laying in my boxers on a plastic tarp on the floor of a hotel room in Shanghai.  A few hours later, my kidneys out and I'm on my iPhone on my flight back ordering these kicks.  2 days later, they show up and they look sweet like a brand new Escalade.  Well that wiped out my savings and I have to rent my wife out every night to lonely businessmen.  She came to me today saying she was sick and couldn't do it anymore but I showed her that genuine Nike swoosh and sent her back out to work again.  Like Nike says, just do it!", "OH WOW, where do I even begin!? Let's just say that these are no mere trainers. These are the trainers of a God. These are the trainers that Akatosh himself wore to battle against Lorkhan. These are the very same trainers that God himself wore when he brought about the Big Bang, all he did was click his heels thrice and boom, everything began (Have you ever wondered where Dorothy learnt that trick? Now you know!). As soon as you slip your foot inside these glorious, legendary trainers, you will feel a surge of power no man has ever felt before. It is said that these trainers have the power to reverse pregnancy without causing an abortion; there is even a stone scroll recovered from a Mayan site that cites that with these trainers, you can seduce any female, whether she be the tender age of 18 or reeking from the wisdom of a hundred years. Yes, that's right, you can have them all, you mad bastard! However, beware there is a ritual involved if you dare to part with the ridiculously paltry sum of $6000. Every night you must collect the tears of a virgin that was stranded at her wedding alter, and mix it with a hair from Johnny Depp's left nostril. The two must be mixed in the skull of a mammoth while a donkey bays Wrecking Ball as it is being viciously sodomized by a dwarf dragon causing it to s*** horrifically over the trainers which then absorb the sacrifice. This ritual has cost me my life, my soul, my essence of being. But was it worth it? Thor's hammer crashes down with a resounding yes as I pour the ritual mixture over the shoes once again, as I have done for the past decade. Even though I must hunt for..err buy a new donkey every night, I can finally bask in the radiance that is SWAG. Swag, that satan himself bowed down to in worship. Swag. Who needs water and oxygen when you have the swag incarnate wrapped around your feet and toes? I wish you the best of luck, and always remember to fulfil this ritual lest you yourself are s***ted on by a brutally sodomized donkey!", "Got some foamposite paranorman sz 11 willing to get rid of. I have never worn them. Is the shoes only though", "I never knew a fairytale could be molded into a shoe.  You no longer need to guess what is at the end of the rainbow, because when you wear these shoes you ARE the rainbow son.  Welcome to OZ, B!  Your Yellow Brick Road is made of 14K Gold thanks to these wearable cloud puffs.", "The guy said there fake? There made in many countries , but china is the ones we get because that our main person we buy goods from. They also make them in Vietnam Asia India Philippines and even Pakistan. He's very wrong there real and I'm not a bot.", "These shoes are really awesome. I do alot of hiking and outdoor activities, these shoes are great for that. Although I did have to order a second pair because on the first pair the sole came of when I was on this one crazy trail. Overall great if you want a shoe do just wear whenever or as one that you don't need to take care of or care about.", "guys first of all im a big sneakerhead and guys these shoes r so fake, wanna know y, look at image no authentic galaxy foamposites come in that box they come in original foamposite box and the carbon fiber is fake also design is so dull look at this comparison between fake and real guys look at the pictures in the description that were clearly not taken from a person here, and look at the customer product images, how big is that difference also if u look online u will find the real ones with all that color in it and they might be in the galaxy box cuz peole buy the box to match them but look online at the colo difference and look at product with white backround thats real and look at customer images so fakkkeee and not 1 fake looks anything like the real shoe from my point and fakes r 60$ lol real galaxies were limited released in 2012 for 220, now the least they sell em for on a website is 1200 and u really think in china they will give u the real ones, FIRST OF ALLL THEY DONT MAKE NIKE SHOES IN CHINA THEYRE MADE IN VIETNAM FAKES R MADE IN CHINAA!also dont buy galaxies fro flight club, overpriced", "Realized that I had two good kidneys and zero pair of awesome shoes. Sold one kidney and this shoe was mine ! Wear them everytime I take a piss!", "El producto es de excelente calidad exactamente como el que describe el vendedor y la entrega muy puntual recomiendo ampliamente", "its made of a very poor quality, but you get what you pay, that was weird from a nike product, the fit was correct, it arrived on time but it looks like a hering t shirt, very disappointing..", "Very well put together, good lookin with jeans, and great for the court I actually prefer these to the originals from 93'", "great buy.....great quality my son wears it all the time!! we got a great price on this as well!! like!", "this shoe is what i expected. the quility is great. i really like it. the price is not expensive. all in all , so great", "Good shoe's can't complain the are jordan's doesn't get any better then that, they just look good on your feet", "love theese shoes was so worried they wouldnt fit but they fit ok i got a 7m big kids next time going for the 6.5 but none the less thats my own issue the shoes are fantastic love them wierd laces though and the SELLER OMG SO FAST THANK YOU WILL BE BUYING VERY SOON FROM THIS SELLER GREAT BIG SATISFIED CUSTOMER THX GUYS:)", "the shoes are great. my youngest daughter will love them for christmas this year. thank you very much for getting the order correct. great job", "She tried this shoe on and was happy immediately.  The shoes arrived in perfect condition and look even better than they do in the photo.  They are a comfortable running shoe, and match well with other red clothes.", "I like the colors, and the shoe is comfortable and very lightweight.  I use these for an everyday shoe, as well as for an easy light run.", "My son loves the sneakers-he says they are the most comfortable sneaker he has ever worn!  I ordered them right before school and they arrived on time!!!", "I bought this shoe to do running and crossfit.  It has done very well in the running department.  It is very light and is great for either sprinting or a little bit longer running.  The farthest I have ran in them was 6 miles and I got a little bit of a blister on my big toe but that could have just been the fact I didn't work them in before doing that long of a run.  As for crossfit they work well for most things I have encountered.  This is obviously not the best shoe for olympic lifting with it's design but I have done that in these as well.  Overall I am very pleased with this shoe.", "Hubby likes these and likes this kind of Nike, however be aware that the blue part in these is a bit funky ~ to borrow an expression from him.  Otherwise great shoes, and the color is not a deal-breaker. He liked the fit as always.  Nike's are always good investments for him and the price is right.  Just wanted to give others the heads up about the blueness of that part of the shoe ~ not bad, just a little different that what he's seen before in his shoe choices.", "These are the best boots I've ever owned.  Very light and comfortable. I love the cold too.  And I get complements every day I wear them.  Nike, please don't stop making them!", "These are the classic Nike Cortez construction (circa 1980) including the cool, rounded (not squared) heel.  The color is awesome - - people definitely see these coming!", "My son loves this style of sneaker.  The look great and he likes how they fit.  Previous pairs of this same model have held up well.", "I bought a pair for my son, he loves them so i had to get a pair, they are very nice", "great shoes i will order more ,thanks for the good service. i love this shoes, there awesome. and fit comfortable", "You can buy these at finish line for $100! Don't overpay.  They are very comfortable but as others have said, they do run small.", "I just got these today and was sooooo excited!! When I saw the shipping box, it showed the shoes came from China...that made me very skeptical. Then when  pulled the shoes out, the fabric on the instep of the inside of  both shoes was coming off. The glue wasnt holding it on very tight...a bit sloppy...like someone had done it themselves (i.e. not NIKE) I wouldnt have bought them if I knew the seller was not in the U.S.Not happy I spent so much for a potential knock off...", "You can buy these shoes at Lady Foot Locker for $100.00The real Nike sneakers!!These are fake---- don't waste your money!  Go to the Mall.... you will find them", "The sneakers are brand new, perfect! They are very comfortable and I really like it!! They are the same as in the photo!", "The pants are really long and I'm 6 feet tall, they fit but they're extremely baggy.  If I were to roll the bottom of the pants up to my knees then the bottoms would align with my ankles.  I should have read the description better because the ankles are elastic which I don't like.  I also would appreciate if the front pockets had zippers.", "Make them in black!  Bought them for my husband.  He said they are a little tight around the toes, but he had wide feet. He also said the padding was comfortable.", "The length was fine, but the width was narrow and I usually wear a D width. I didn't like the plastic look either.Wanted a real leather look.", "GreAt shoe at good price the size was not listed. I was searching for size 10 and size not listed so I assume this was size 10 but they was size 11 but it cost more than I saved to send back and my son liked so much he didn't mind they was big.... So FYI make sure it is size your looking for before buying.", "I'm a pretty avid runner, I like to clock in 3 to 8 miles a day just mood dependent. I bought this on a whim since i love my nike sports bra so much and I have to say, I was impressed. I have a small D for chest size and I loved that I got real support-not just my chest sucked in to avoid movement and keeping me from breathing. The main body of the fabric was cotton and I just love running in this top!", "I absolutely love these shoes. Fits perfect and the compfort is amazing. I may be getting more in this style. thank you", "These shoes were made for walking. Their comfortable and easy on style. The black color. Means I can where them with all colors.", "Should be correct now! I received a version with all red frames. Acceptable, but not what is pictured.I'll update to five stars on receiving product.", "Very disappointing - my daughter has been a size 9 in cleats for many years - so i ordered these shoes - although marked on them as a 9, they were a size smaller - the vendor would not take them back.  Shoes were so small, that she tried to wear them and her feet were numb for 2 days after!  We held them up to her old cleats which were a 9, and that is when we discovered they were a size smaller.  The vendor was very inflexible and I will never order from them again!  It is unclear whether it was Nike's fault or the vendor's though.  Do not buy these cleats off the internet - make sure your daughter or you try them on live.", "it is awesome. I was very very very very pleased wit this product...... im very happy with this shoe....... very", "I love my Futsal shoes, they are extremely comfortable because they have cushion on the sides and they have great arch support.  Also almost anyone can wear the vibrant hot pink color, because the colors are so bright you will stand out exceptionally.  After I used these shoes I noticed that these shoes hardly ever slide or skid.Although they have all of these great qualities, they also have a few disappointing ones.  First, they are skinnier than just regular tennis shoes, so if you have wider feet then you may want to go with something else.  Secondly, because they are made with all of these great qualities they are a little spendy, other than that they are perfect Futsal shoes and they are like heaven to me.So if you play soccer and you want to play soccer in the winter then I recommend these shoes.  I recommend these shoes because they are extremely sturdy, and they lasted years and they are still in the same condition that I got them in.  Again, I would definitely buy another pair when they wear out.", "Bought these for my daughter and she loves them. So far so good as she has only worn them for about a week.I guess we will see how they wear ?", "Sorry but im not impressed about the quality of the bag and I guess the price that ive paid for was not justifiable.", "True to its size, but if you want to use them with heavy socks go a half size up. Super comfortable!!! Fit like a glove!!!.", "The shoes do not match each other. I need to return them. The lace area is crooked and is very noticeable.", "This is my second pair and I love walking or skipping rope with them I bounce in the air. You can not wear them inside a gym for example because it slips. They are out door running shoes.", "My wife loved the looks of it that even if it doesn't have cushioning, she said she'll just keep it coz its cute looking. She said she might just get some insole inserts to make her running with this shoes comfy...hopefully.", "I had a great experience purchasing this item.  I think the price was a great value for the shoe and they are very comfortable.  I love these sneakers!", "Shopping for running shoes online requires a lot of finger crossing and hoping. More often than not, the shoes are uncomfortable in some way or look weird. This pair of Nike running shoes is exactly what I wanted, style, color, fit and comfort. A true size 8, possibly on the narrow side but not too much. These are really cute shoes, they are light-weight yet have good bottom and side support. They feel good to run in. The price is right, too. Love 'em!", "I got this runnig shoes at another online store and I was concerned about the size, cause I have other pair half size bigger, but I ordered this just my size, and its true to size. They very confortable and the color is so bright thai it shines in the dark... nike just doesn't dissapoint me in any way.", "Got these for my daughter but she did not like them. My wife however, enjoys them greatly and they are now her &#34;go to&#34; footwear for outdoor activities. She describes them as comfortable and quite light on her feet.", "Great shoes! I love the pink and the style and they are very comfortable! I would so buy again! thanks.", "Bought these for my daughter, she loves them. Very comfortable, holding up well, and stylish. They tend to run a little small so I ordered her 1/2 size bigger than usual and they fit great.", "These can as expected and are extremely comfortable. I can walk for hours feeling cushioned & not have aching feet  which is wonderful! I  would highly recommend these shoes , great price, great quality!", "I have wide feet and a high instep. These shoes are fine for my width, but there's not enough fabric to go across the top of my foot without leaving an ugly gap between the tongue and the lace holes. These shoes also have a high heel that rubs a blister on my heel even with thick socks on. They look fine- a little clunky for my taste, but otherwise are just so so.", "I ordered a pair for my daugher and loved them so I decided to order myself a pair in a different color. I ordered WIDE to have more room across the top of my foot and in the toes. While they fit, they were not wide. Compared them to my daughters regular width, and her shoes actually felt the same. Had several people try them on and all agreed they were not wide. Gave them to my sister.", "I would definitly by this shoe again and more like it. Which shouldn't be hard because it comes in so many colors.", "Nice sock but there are slightly better made socks out there at this price point.The pads around the ankle areas are not well placed.  *Maybe it's just how my feet are???Otherwise, the fit is nice and the heel is just deep enough.I really like the color patterns.", "Brought for my son (13 years old). He wore them for basketball practice and some games. No complaints from him.", "Over all, this is a nice sock.The top of the sock goes right to the bottom of my knee. Maybe just a tad too tall, by like one inch or slightly more.The padded area around the ankles could be better positioned.I'm happy with this purchase.UPDATE :  The foot size of this sock is certainly larger than the Crew length version. Also the color (red) parts of the sock bleed dye really bad.  Despite all that, I would still order another pair some time.", "these has shoes have make the difference when it comes to running or joggin. it helped me to endure more work out.", "Pros light shoes great for running nice design fairly well priced cons: some tightness below the toes maybe get a size bigger than your regular size", "He wears them for work because they are comfortable for him to be in all day, even though I bought them hoping we could jog together...", "fit is  great, has not fallen apart  readily and he says is comfortable would buy again color did not fade", "I bought these shoes and I think that was an excellent decision, are so soft, not heavy. For this I recomnd 100%...", "My favorite running shoes to date.  I've owned Asic's, Mizuno, and other Nike running shoes all around the $100-$150 price range.  These so far have been the best in comfort and light weight with still decent support.  The only thing I'm unsure of is how they would hold up to running on gravel roads and trails since the outer sole area is split vertically and could potentially get rocks and debris caught in the vertical slats.  Style is great too.  I get a lot of positive comments on the shoes, which obviously isn't important but is a nice benefit.", "A long time ago, I was of the opinion that Nike was always too narrow for my foot and uncomfortable. I was using Asics as a more running focused shoe, but eventually developed back pain and ITBS (PAINFUL!). On a recommendation from a friend, I switched to the original Nike Free Run+, which solved all of my pain issues - I felt like I could run forever in those and enthusiastically recommended them to anyone that would listen. Eventually, they wore out and I had to upgrade, so the Free Run+ 3 seemed the logical choice. However, they modified it to actually have a tongue again (instead of the original \"sleeve\" design) as well as a number of so-called improvements. Since getting these shoes and doing a number of 6 mile runs, I've redeveloped ITBS. I've had back and forth correspondence with Nike reps, and have tried all of their suggestions for adjusting the shoe, but I have had no luck and I am ready to toss these out of the window. Maybe it's just my feet and my running style, but I will not be coming back to the Nike Free's until they go back to the original design with fewer moving parts.", "fantastic shoes they are better than i thought they were going to be , quick delivery might even buy my self another pair cheers", "I really love these shoes! I wear a 10.5, however I noticed that Nikes run a little narrow so I bought a size 11. Perfect fit! They feel so comfortable. Zero break-in time. I would definitely buy another pair to replace when these wear out.", "Nice looking and very comfy, but if using for exercise they cause blisters... they are a bit too small, order at least 1/2 size up. I should have returned them. Oh well... they weren't expensive. I ordered another color in one size bigger and those are awesome!!! No blisters YAY", "THESE ARE GREAT LOOKING SHOES FOR THE COST. THEY FIT PERFECT AND THE SHOES LOOK EXACTLY AS DEPICTED . I GET A LOT OF COMPLIMENTS ON THESE SHOES.", "I'm 5' 7 and 170 lbs.  I have flat feet and my right foot tends to overpronate enough to inflame some of the tendons in my foot.  I was told I should run in a nuetral shoe and these do the job.  I've done a few of 5k's and a couple of 10k's and my problem foot feels much better.  I expect my training runs to cross the 8 mile mark this month and when I get to 10 miles in January I'll still be in these shoes.  I fully expect to replace these shoes with another pair just like'em.", "The shoes fit as expected, they were in good conditions and the purchase went as expected. Good product and good seller.", "I love these shoes. I have received several compliments on them when wearing them. Even though they are running shoes, they look great with a pair of shorts on a hot day, and are very comfortable to walk in for long periods of time.", "These were a gift but he really did like them.  They fit perfectly. I'm sure he would buy similar shoes in the future.", "Good shoes ... Just a little wide at the front part of shoes ... which is a little unusual for Nike shoes", "I've had these for some time, maybe 9 months?  I wear them at least 3 days a week for 9 hour shifts at a lab I work in.  I'm mostly on my feet so they were pretty comfortable, the insole is beginning to wear out as expected...but I've put a lot of walking into them.  An insole replacement is in order, and then they should be good another 6 months.", "Comfortable, light weight, casual. In brief a great Nike product. Perfect for running or just to use them with a pair of jeans!", "I don't know who's sizing these things for Nike, but this is certianly no XXL...I'm a full grown adult, and this this insn't even CLOSE to an XXL.  It's SKIN TIGHT.This is absolute garbage, and I will NEVER order ANYTHING from this seller EVER AGAIN.  DESCRIBE YOUR SIZES PROPERLY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", "This hat has a high top or crown to it and it says one size fits all YEA  right not,  if u have a big head or have lots of hair YEA but if small head or u shave ur head this hat looks LIKE a mop on top u have to bring it close together in the back that it folds up on the sides and looks LIKE a weird looking hat,  sent back and yes they did refund me,  but just know this because they make this fit all sizes anyone with a small head the hat rests on ur ears and the top does not hit ur top of ur head so it has a point on top all the time stay away.", "soft and comfortable.  if you like that then buys these.  soles wear a little fast sue to soft ride but worth every penny", "They are a well constructed shoe for an active pre-teen with a busy schedule!  They are versatile for gym class or for walking the halls.", "I like the shoe but the fit is really tight...order at least one size up not really the best Nike I have purchased", "These shoes are great! They are supportive and fit well. I am a nurse and on my feet all day. I need supportive shoes and these fit the bill. My feet are a bit wide and I sometimes need a wide shoe, but these fit perfectly.", "My son has these for sport at School. They have to have white with small amount of blue. great support for his ankles and no blisters!", "I love these shoes and I was wondering when will they be available because I would like to purchase them, & for how much are you offering for these shoes? thank you!", "My son plays college football and is extremely happy with the weight, traction, comfort and look of the cleats. Happy with the product.", "A bit big but nice product. My daughter liked the style and received lots of compliments regarding this, I would buy again.", "Great quality socks, I just wanted to let others know that the packaging has a suggested retail of: $14.00, not $21.99, the original price was covered with a sticker, curiosity always makes me peel it off to see what the hidden amount was....Just FYI.", "Well first of all I ordered the size meant for a 3 to 5 youth shoe size because my son wears a 4 1/2 shoe. The socks are way to small, so I suggest ordering up 1 size. Second, I was not very impressed with the quality. I expected something better for $16 and the Nike name brand. I don't see any difference between these socks and your average Hanes socks other than the Nike swoosh on the side. My advice is to save a few bucks and just buy regular socks because you are only paying for the Nike symbol.", "My granddaughter just LOVES them. In fact she asked for more.  Would wear them every day if her mom let her.", "I bought these socks for my ten-year-old son, and they fit him perfectly. He is hard on socks and shoes, but these socks hold up through his many activities.", "My son loves these socks.  He wears a size 6 shoe and these fit perfectly.  They wash and dry well.", "Well I guess the black socks up to the knees are what the kids are wearing these days, my son loves them, has them on no matter what the out fit he is wearing looks like, but I guess black goes with anything.. They are pretty cool looking, I am sure if I was 9 year boy again It would be a must have for school.......", "Good fit. My MS son loves to wear black socks with slides. They are a good thickness and don't seem to stretch out of shape.", "I have ordered these before and the size I did this time were too small. The exchange policy and the size I need are so easy to find at amazon. The socks hold up really well!", "good price and good quality made. i have put them through couple of washes already and the color hasn't faded yet.", "All the boys are into the look of these socks. My boys were pleased. I have had several moms ask where to get them. I sent them here!", "I found them at a great price at Amazon a year ago. They are cool, dry and confortable. Take into account that birdies and eagles are not included ;)", "I bought these for my daughter for Fall Ball. I was surprised that none of the local stores had cleats in stock. The design and color is very cool and she loves them. They are a bit tight thru the heal. She switched out the black laces to match her uniform!", "I love Shox shoes... wish they made these classic ones, still.  I wear an 8.5 in women's shoes and these are snug in a size 6 but do-able.  Love the way they look with jeans.  The black trim is shiny, like patent.  Colors: vibrant.  Wish Nike would make classic shox again!!!!", "My son loves these shoes, he actually wore them out before he grew out of them, fit is good, clean up nicely.", "this came early and was exactly as described. My son was very excited and it has lasted a while. usually by now they have a hole in them but it doesn't so far.", "I use it for the gym and it does the job, it's an overall good back pack. I recommend it.", "Cortez collector! I am always looking for unique Nike Cortez shoes as far as color combination and material. I havent seen these in a store ever, so I gave them a shot....overall, they are nice comfy classic Cortez' . Nice.", "super comfy love the shoes i would definately purchase again when i am looking for antoher pair i will let you know", "I have just got my shows today and they are great. They look very nice. They're way better than the old freeruns; more comfortable, look better, fit better, and more! Definitely worth it if you workout. Also, unlike the old freeruns, they do not squish against your small toe. Got free two day shipping due to my free-trial prime membership and they came on that time, except UPS came around my house at around 7:00 pm but that is probably not amazons fault.", "The product was actually fine. The socks seems a little but too thin. But overall, they're fine. They are a bit too expensive.", "My son plays basketball and i found that these sucks are the ones that will last the longest. They look very good also. I would recomend this product because of its quality, good looks and durability.", "This is a good sock. It's a normal nike sock and you can expect the same as any other nike sock you have bought.", "These Nike Men's quarter crew socks are great. I will order more when I need more socks. Shipping was right on time all so.", "The socks are comfortable and fit my foot fine. I'm a 10.5 for walking shoes, 11 for running.I just wish they had a variety of colors for the swooshes. I wish there was a version with dark grey or black swooshes to make it more discrete.", "I am a size 15 shoe so these socks fit exactly as I wanted them to.  They fit as a low cut because of my larger foot size.", "These Nike socks are a great value for the price. I used them for working out, and although they don't keep moisture out as much as I'd like, I really don't have any complaints. They fit comfortable, come up far enough on the ankle to protect any rubbing from my shoes while I run without being too high as to be too warm or uncomfortable, and look cool with the Nike logo at the top matching my Nike running shoes. Need I say I'm a fan of Nike?Other socks of this caliber that I looked at cost 1 1/2 - 2 times as much. These work great and are a great value; especially for six pairs.", "Perfect! exactly what my son loves to wear.  He loved this sneaker and it's all he wears everyday. Perfect for him.", "shoes fit as i expected them to and were definitely worth the money i spent for them.  They were also delivered on time", "These sneaks are awesome!! They are true to size and look fresh with my beast wardrobe. Def a great value.", "This shoe provides great traction on all turfs, does not cause blisters, enhances power amd acceleration, and improves my vertical leap by 1.32 feet.  All this at less than $50.  Thanks Amazon.", "The color on this particular pair of AF-1's are spectacular!You will be complimented often and you'll feel like.... well, ROYALTY!", "This shoe is awesome!!! Its very comfortable, and has held together for a long time. they work great for basketball too!!! Very smart purchase:)", "They're so comfortable clean looking.  I wore these shoes the for the first time and went shopping for 6 hoursAnd I'm still walking.", "son mas bellos en tus manos y en tus pies.. definitivamente muy buena compra.. me gustaron mucho!!! los recomiendo 100 %", "I have ordered a few Jordan bags from different companies and they never seem to last and they are always smaller than expected.  Well when this bag showed up on my doorstep, i was impressed from the beginning.  The bag is huge in comparison to most &#34;gym bags&#34; from the Jordan brand that i have had over the years.  it has multiple pockets for all of your stuff and it is very deep...definitely a good buy so far", "My husband starting using these as he began an exercise program while recovering from abdominal surgery. It gave him extra comfort and support that reassured him. Have bought again.", "The leather on this wallet felt very good and the stitching was also nicely done. After using it for a while I realized that I needed an Id window so I switched to an old one that had an Id window. If your looking for a basice six slot wallet then you can't go wrong with this one", "I was disappointed that it was not sufficiently large for eight or ten cards.Rather than go through the trouble to return it, I've kept it.", "This is a nice wallet for a kid ! Not the nicest leather or best made. If you're a grown up you will be disappointed !", "IF you're trying to decide about getting this shoe....without a doubt i say go for it. These shoes are so hot and worth every penny. As a matter of fact i need to send them an extra $50 (lol) not quite. Expect to get compliments all day. I just love them...they are so  freaking hotttttt babe. :) One happy customer...", "These running shoes are WAY TOO EXPENSIVE.  Especially for a shoe that was prev iewed in \"2009\".  there are better ones out there, for less money!!!!", "I don't know if the picture is wrong or the title is wrong but these shoes are not kobe 7's. They are Melo M9's", "I ordered this shoe for basketball, i'm in 8Th grade and wear a size 10. I just got the shoe in the mail on Thursday i am very pleased. IT seems legit and when i compare it to my other Kobe it is the same, so do not be afraid to buy this shoe It's legit. It is very comfortable shoe and one of the best Kobe 7s to release. I'm very happy to have this shoe.", "My son is a satisfy camper for thanksgiving and he is getting addicted to amazon. Tennis shoes are very awesome", "Es justo como en la foto. Ni mas ni menos. llego de acuerdo a la fecha. Lo recomiendo para quien le guste este tipo de zapato", "these shoes are so comfy and cute. Great for running or the gym. Try 'em! Runs 1/2 size small in my opinion", "This item is of excellent quality.it is the best!!!Iam very satisfiedt with this item .i will recommend it to all my friends ,so they buy it right away. And I know they will be as happy as me with their new item!!", "i like these shoes alot. they are comfortable and very lite. i also think they are a little wider than the nikes ive had in the past which is somthing i look for and have trouble finding in sneakers", "brought these for a good price. i will pick a few more up, you cant go wrong with the air force ones regardless!", "My son has been wearing them for about a month now, and so far so good.  He says they are comfortable. I like the bright green color.", "Light weight very comfortable. Can't go wrong with these shoes for every sport. Love all the color combinations that are available.", "I really love these shoes I could not find them anywhere went on here and ordered them and they came fast i will order again from this company", "I got into the Gym about six months ago... I wasn't sure I was going to get into it or not, so did not invest much into gear.  I bought Walm*rt sneaks just to get by.  Wow, they hurt - I hated the treadmill, or any cardio, and even lifting, I hated anything were I had to stand up.  I decided it must be the shoes.  I still didn't want to spend $200 on sneaks, I think that is crazy - so I saw these in the store, tried on a bunch, and liked these alot.  Now, understand one thing - as the other reviewer stated - not much cushion for a name brand.  Not much arch support either.  BUT... take out the in-souls they come with, get the $25 Dr Scholls from your favorite discount store (make sure to get the 'sport' ones, not the super cheap ones), and... Viola - you just got a shoe as good as the $200 ones for under $100.  The shoe is very well built, great soul and traction, lateral support is stellar, the weight is great, and the BREATH.  Just need new in-souls.  You WILL be happy.", "I love these shoes.  I got them in a bunch of colors (I'm a woman and ordered two sizes down in the men's size for my normal size).  These are all I want to put on in the summer.", "I bought these for my husband for his birthday. He has an older pair of Nike Frees, and he loves them, but they're getting worn out. Since I'm not the one wearing them, I can only comment on what I know, but he says the size 10 fits perfectly (and he usually wears a 10, if that helps). They shipped within 6 days. I did a little shopping around, and this was the best price for these that I could find, both online and in-store. Very pleased with this purchase!", "THIS IS NOT A HYPERDUNK IT IS A SCAM I HAVE SEEN THOSE SHOES AT MARSHALLS THOSE AR HYPER VENOMS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", "Bought this for my 10 year old- sometimes his backpack full of books weighed 20-25lbs. This makes it much easier. Seems  to be built rather sturdy...time will tell", "This rolling backpack serves as my traveling office. It glides effortlessly on almost any surface. It is capable of carrying several books, binders and notebooks. The outside pockets are so functional that it can accommodate all of my office supplies, snacks, and drinks (on the side net pockets). The handle easily clicks in place. This backpack looks fashionable and also professional. Not to mention its most important purpose of easing the burden off your back and shoulder muscles. I hope Amazon will make it available again.", "My 11 year old son has flat feet and needed a sneaker that is wide.  I read previously that the melo m8 runs wide and it is 100% true.  He can finally wear true basketball sneakers without that tight, hurting feeling.  This was our last shot at getting a basketball sneaker and thank goodness I found these.  He's a size 11 1/2 right now, but he is growing so fast that he'll be out of them soon.  I'm in the process of finding a few sizes up in this style so he'll have shoes for a while.  I can't express how grateful he was when he was able to wear them.  He really feels they improve his game.  It's just an awesome feeling to see him happy.  I highly recommend them if you have wide feet and need a comfortable basketball sneaker.", "Really comfortable, flexible, great arch support, comes in great colors. I thought they ran a bit small but after measuring my foot and using Nike's chart for this shoe, I see they run true to Nike's chart. Great sneaker.", "Indescribably more comfortable than any shoe you have ever worn. I'm never going back to normal shoes.  They're light, flexible, and tough. 'nuff said.", "This is not a shoe, this is a torture device.Do not buy it!It is incredibly painful to wear and other people have reported a similar experience. You feel a terrible pinch where your big toe connects to your foot every time you walk. If I could return them to Nike for a refund, I would.You have been warned.", "I'm a woman, my foot is a bit wide for a woman and I LOVE THESE SNEAKS AND THIS COLOR! Have them in all the colors they make except black. They're a neutral shoe. Not perfectly flat - a bit higher in the heel. Having had plantar fascitis, I can't wear a totally flat shoe. Not too cushy and bouncy (a quality I hate) but they have enough cushion to avoid fatigue. Really, really comfortable. If you have those skinny, long feet, these might not be a perfect fit for you. My feet flair toward the box of the shoe. This shoe is perfect for my foot shape.", "Nice fit, a bit long. One of the few ladies shorts with nice size pockets. I wish they would make more shorts with pockets.. These are high quality", "Product came 25 days earlier. My son was so excited to actually have these shoes to wear for the month of October in Support of Breast Cancer Month.", "I have had these shoes for over a year and they still look like brand new. They haven't lost any shape or form and haven't even gotten scuffed. They are awesome I am so glad I purchased these and would buy them again!", "These shoes look great, but run small, and are super NARROW! I'm so disappointed because I love the look & want to wear them so bad, but they make my feet hurt so bad after half an hour. I'm sure it's too late to return them as I've worn them outside a few times, so I basically paid $100 to look at these shoes & not wear them :( The material they're made out of is NOT breathable or stretchy, so I know I'm not going to \"break them in\". If you want these, make sure you order a half size up & have narrow feet, or you'll be seriously disappointed.", "they keep me stuck to the floor when balling and light as expected with the full length air zoom.  these are a head turner on the court and very durable also", "Quick delivery, and very good customer service. I was confused about what company was doing the final step of delivery but ID4SHOES quickly responded to my e-mail and gave me all the info on the Swedish delivery service, which I thought was excellent.I'm a European size 37 and US size normally 6 - 7. I ordered 6,5 and they are a perfect fit. The only thing was that there is one seam that is not a 100 %, it's a bit crooked so to speak and it makes the shoe look less than perfect. But I can live with it.", "The size was too big. The soccer cleats are very conformtable and nice. I had to put a insole to used them", "the left shoe is smaller than the other shoe, and i never can use it, please don't buy anything in these place", "The product fits really well. It's great for training and looks cool too.  The sizing is spot on compared to other products where the US sizes are larger cuts than Australia or Europe.  Extremely light weight.", "It a shoe that fits to the.size you want may be a little big but a shoe that is like no other", "Very cute sneaker.  They are light and bouncy...  I would have loved to have kept them, but they were about half a size to a whole size too small.", "Nice product! Fit as expected. Works as expected. Very comfortable. I am using it for ultimate games. Dirt stick but can be remove easily.", "The Best !!! Excellent pair of soccer shoes.. Great product. My kid enjoy them very much and was what i was looking for. The latest at a great price. I never find them so cheap. Like them very much.", "I liked the football cleats. The only problem was the sizing. He wears a size 12 and I could not get his feet into this shoe at all.", "I give my boy friend this shoes,he is very like it.Suitable as a gift.MUST BUY.(Very awesome)", "Beautiful looking  boot  .. fits  great  and  well worth the  purchase price .. would definitely recommend  to a  friend yay !", "yo i didn't get to order these yet, but u can best believe that am stackin the paper for these should be able to cop by next week", "so my wife just got me these, i was stackin the chips away but she got'em for me, there fresh 2 def and ya, thanks amazon", "Worth the money. Nice colors and materials. The build quality is a little bit better than the average for his price class.", "It was just the right size as i was expecting it to be. Not too small nor not too large", "Really nice shoes, but not as comfy as the lunarglide 4s. They're just a little bit stiffer. Walked around Disneyland all day in them and had no issues. Thw animal print is reflective, so it shines whenever light hits it.", "These are really comfortable shoes for running. I usually run for 45 mins to 1 hour 5 days a week. my knees used to hurt with my old shoes., When I got these shoes I felt really comfortable while running. These shoes provide enough cushion to absorb  the stress on knees or legs while running.  I loved it", "As always Nike makes a quality product and it is a great looking shoe. Bad part is if you have a anything but a very narrow foot don't was you time on this shoe. I am working oversea and all i have to say is thank goodness for shoe stretchers", "If you need your feet to breathe because they sweat too much, then do not purchase these. My feet sweat horribly in these. I hate them so much I wish I could return them but by the time I had a chance to wear them, I was passed my return policy.", "I love these shoes, attractive, good ankle support, if you need super support though look else where. They are great playing shoes, I wore them out a few times before they got playing time though!They are priced because of the \"Jordan CP3\" on it don't be fooled. However if you can afford it and like it get it! It is reasonable in comparison with its competitors.", "Received product earlier than expected. Product packaged securely as I am admitedly a shoe snob and like to keep the box and contents. Very pleased. Also came with both white and black laces, which was cool because I threw the whites on another pair and it spiced them up nicely. Will definitely order from this seller again. Hopeful ly there are deals after xmas.", "I like these shoes, but the fit seems a tiny bit small. The shoes rub up against my heel when walking.", "Nike Satire fit perfect. Color isn't true to the description they are more a purple than Deep Royal Blue.Cheap shoe laces tore them within 5 minutes of tricks with my skateboard. I won't know how they hold up for skating until I get a month of use.", "This shoes look awesome! But you need to be advised that these are skate shoes... They're THICK and heavy with a HUGE tongue. My biggest complaint is that they rub the top of my big toe when I'm walking. And did I mention how heavy they are?", "For the price these are a great deal. very comfortable for walking my dog on all types of terrain. Lightweight, durable, breathable and water resistant. I highly recommend.", "I bought these boots for my son to use at football camp in the summer. This is only the second match of the tournament but already they are opening at the sides.", "It's def not the best cleats you can get, but it fits really well and if you care about the looks it looks good.I wish it was more durable and sturdy. However, you get what you pay so I'm satisfied.", "Its my first mercurial (i used to play with Tiempos), the size fitted as expected.. its very high quality and i'd recommend this soccer cleats to any friend of mine!", "This soccer cleats fit as I expected, are very comfortable and a light weight. About the exterior, I purchased in black by the way, I wanted in another color but only black was available on my size :(, however this shoes look very nice and the cleats are not as usual. I like it, are perfect to run and pass the ball, because make you able to have and good control shooting or passing, also dribbling and getting high running speed. This are my third Nike Shoes, I have one for running and another casual to go out, and this brand have not disappointed me until today.", "this product is just what we ordered and needed would recommend and will be purchasing more in the future, I am very happy.", "Nice looking, im very satisfied. The quality also i think they are going to last for a long time! what else can i say... the price also is very affordable.", "Just like the picture. I bought for a friend and he loves it very much. its a good product and I recommend.", "Those shoes fits exactly like I want, I love my new nike shoes ans I have no doubt you will love it too.", "They were a bit narrow but still felt good to play. They feel like they can last a long time especially the way I play.", "This shoe fits well, has good traction and good feel. It has held up well for a season and looks good too!", "nice shoes, but a little bit small, good material quality, recommended! perfect to play soccer, if the size fits i'd give five stars", "My son had only used these shoes for a couple of weeks before the outer covering started peeling away on the toe of the shoe. That is ridiculous for a brand like Nike. I would expect a better quality shoe from them. Not happy with this purchase at all.", "i have narrow feet and these shoes fit me perfectly.  Have only played in them once, so i can't comment about the durability,  but they felt great.i wish there were more color selections of this on amazon but overall i'm happy", "I bought this product to my son and he was very pleased. I am thinking to buy one to me, it will do it next year", "Love this sneakers! They are quite comfortable and retro looking. I would recommend them to anyone...and that's all I have to say but amazon is forcing me to keep writing to use up to 20 words.", "Took the Pimento Reds through a 1:45 minutes of Heavy Lifting combined with plyo's. Have to say one of the most comfortable shoes I've been in since Nike Free run4.&#34;La Maquinaria&#34; approves!", "My son has been wearing these for about a month, and they look like they are ready for the trash. The trim at the front of the shoe is coming off, the fabric uppers stain easily, and the soles are already showing signs of wearing thin. I'd rate these as zero stars if I had the option. Shoes that come with this price tag should have some amount of durability...worst Nike product we have ever purchased.", "This one was specifically requested by my cousin in India. So I had to purchase and send it to him. Initially I wondered if the size would be fitting for him.. since I myself have few shoes with 11, 11.5 and 12 (varying brands, but all fitting perfectly). But once he tried it on, I got the update that the shoe was true to size and it fit him perfectly! He apparently loves the shoe and pretty wears it while on his sleep as well. At the rate he's wearing them, Im guessing he's gonna ask for another one in a few months :)", "These are great showy shoes.  I fell in love with the bright volt color too late.  Now I'm scrambling to find more.  I use these shoes really just for walking around not running", "I am a group fitness instructor and am hard on shoes.  I use these trainers for step class three times a week and they have held up very nicely, as well as being fasionable.  I definitely recommend them.", "The colors are awesome and the shoe fits nicely. I wear them for everyday or work, but they work well for running also.", "My daughter and I love these shoes. They are light weight, and we can walk in them for hours. Running is not a problem either. Great fit.", "I saw similar shoes on the US OPEN Tennis, and thought they looked great so I ordered them. They fit great, feel great, and I love the compliments .", "I really like these shoes because they have the support I needed for running, but they're a little bulky. Definitely need to invest in some shoes that are lighter on the feet, but overall good fit.", "I usually wear a 10, however while exercising I've noticed that my toes seemed to jam at the tip of my shoe.  Ordered this sneaker in a 10.5 and love the extra room.  Love the color combo.  Would order same shoe in a different color.", "I love these shoes! I got them because I am in the military and I needed a good running shoe. They are lightweight but support my whole foot. They are so comfortable and stylish. I definitely suggest these to any runner! Plus they shipped fast.", "When I bought these shoes on Amazon (something that really, really scared me by the way) I assumed they'd be coming from some mom-and-pop store in Texas or something, but to my surprise I noticed they'd be coming all the way from across the pond. This naturally made me assume the journey my shoes would take to reach me would last approximately a month, similar to Columbus' second voyage. Thankfully they were here quicker than it takes me to mail a package to my in-laws in Canada.Oh, and the shoes fit and feel great.", "I owned a pair of blue nylon Nike Cortez in 1981 that I loved.  These look and feel and are constructed just as good, if not better, than the originals.  Go for them!", "Really confortable and looks very nice. it's feel good with the movement. I bought in red and grey, fully recommended.", "The feel and the style of the shoes made all my friends so jealous they cant wait to get theres", "My father in low is very pleased with these snickers. He says he can sleep on them. Very comfortable are they.", "Very comfortable, easy to walk in and as in all Nike products durable and long lasting!! Would buy again for sure...", "These thongs are so comfortable. And they are cute! Unfortunately, they only last one season. But it's a season with comfy feet.", "I too have had the same problem. They fit and are comfortable but after walking just a short distance my feet had slid half way out of these. Very dissapointed", "I fell in love with these at a local store, went online and purchased them for WAY less than what was asked at the store.  I think they are adorable, very cushioned, very comfortable and I get compliments on them all the time.  I own probably 15 pairs of Nike Celso Thongs, which are the most comfortable flip flop ever made, so I was excited to see a \"non\" thong flip flop.  The reason I did not give these 5 stars is because when I am wearing them and walking in them, they come OFF my feet, they slide forward or my feet slide backward, however it happens it is very annoying and I wouldn't wear these if I had to do anything but stand or sit.  Unfortunately these are not what I had hoped for and I'm disappointed.  Very glad I did not pay retail or even close to retail for them.", "Very nice shoe. Color of the shoe and shoelace blend well together. Very Comfortable is as expected for a Nike product. Will keep buying Nike as long as style keeps moving forward.", "Very confortable.  Good product. Good price  and beautiful.  Good cuality really , good to play basketballl,Really cute. The best ones.", "Thank you very much for a great product,the color is fantastic,the material strong and durable.not for outdoor court,indoor,will be great.", "I love this shoes. It actually looks better in person than in the picture. They feel real comfortable. I wear them just . About everyday.", "Is this picture just a basic picture, or is the product actually purple? I have the black pair already and I do not want to order another pair. Could you please clarify this with me, purple or black, before I purchase them?", "I have never seen anything like these shoes. The tongue of the shoe is part of an elastic band that wraps around the foot all the way down to the toe. They feel snug in a good way, like your foot is actually wrapped for support. And they look great!", "These sneakers are great for dance-Zumba, plenty of toe room and light weight for excellent movement.  The price was cheaper than that offered by Macy's.", "Sizing chart provided on website was NOT accurate....I measured my daughter's foot which indicated a size 7.Also, I am not very happy about having to pay for the cost of returning this item. I purchase a lot of items online and am usually provided with a return label.", "THEY ARE SUPER COMFORTABLE AND LOOK PRETTY MUCH LIKE THE PIC. DEF WORTH THE PURCHASE. AND THEY ACTUALLY FIT WELL", "Ordered the sneakers after I misplaced my original pair during a move over the summer. Had this style in a gray/turquois color combination and was thrilled that there were more color choices. The purple/turquois combination was beautiful and coordinated well with all my workout gear! Read many online reviews that this sneaker ran small, which I found to be true because I tried on the same style in different colors and they all fit differently. So, I order a 1/2 size up from what I would normally wear, and was disappointed that it was too large. The memory foam cushion insert didn't feel as comfortable as well and I ended up shipping them back to seller.", "These shoes are great looking, but within a week have holes and are discolored.  I do not recommend these at all.", "fits great, comfortable and durable. would definitely buy again, would love to see in other colors too. Amazon shipping is always on time, i work long hours and never have the time to go from store to store to purchase things i need or want", "I order shoes through amazon because I just can not stand to actually go shoe shopping. Everything came as expected and product was good. The only downside I have is, the pricing it is just not comparable to anything else in the stores.", "GOOD SHOE TO WEAR WHILE YOU ARE ON YOUR FEET FOR LIONG PERIODS OF TIME.  AIR CUSHION AROUND YOUR WHOLE FOOT, NOT JUST PART OF IT; REALLY MAKES A DIFFERENCE IN THE PERFORMANCE.", "Bought these shoes for my son's birthday. He thinks these may be the best shoes ever made.Great comfort and support.", "Ordered a 10.5 based off my last pair I owned. A little too small but wearable. That's my own fault. Service and delivery was great.", "They are comfortable and soft. Fits perfectly and you can walk miles..and miles..........Very light, but solid, Very nice looking.", "I saw these in the store later bought them on amazon, i still have them in the box waiting for special occasion to wear them.", "These capris are so comfortable and they do not fall down at all! I had ordered a few from under armour, as well, and was very disappointed in them because The UA ones don't stay up longer than 2 minutes and I paid two times as much. Nike is where it's at and I'm sticking with them....performance over brand!", "I love these capris. I've had a few pairs and I took a guess on the style. They were just what I wanted.", "As opposed to other review, my experience was completely different. This turned out to be a perfect cheat for someone who is whole day on their feet, you can use it as a business shoe.Love it.", "Good shoes, this product is like that i expect it. Nothing wrong, the size was perfect. No more to say", "This fits great. I got a small and it is not to tight and not to big. Nike is my favorite brand and I will buy them in different colors when I get the money.", "i like nike shoes and unique color so i ordered this product.However it is little different color between web..", "Great color! Fits great and keeps me as cool as possible, I work in Attics year round in Houston. Every little edge helps. I prefer these nike combat shirts because of the gut cut around my stomach... It fits me better than under armor.", "They were not black they were blue! For the price they shouldn't of ripped already !!!!!! Not happy  at all", "I HAVE FOUR OTHER PAIRS OF NIKE COMBATS. THIS WAS A DIFFERENT ITEM  THAN I PREVIOUSLY PURCHASED.IT HAS A THINNER WAIST BAND THAN THE PREVIOUS MODELS, AND CONSEQUENTLY IT ROLLS UP AND WILL NOT STAY IN PLACE,  FLAT.EVEN WHEN I PUT ON PANTS AND PLACE THE WAIST BANDS TOGETHER, ONE OVER THE OTHER, IT ROLLS UP.POOR DESIGN AND SACRIFCE OF QUALITY FOR A BRAND LIKE NIKE.", "This is a great addition to my workout wear. Will add a splash of color under my work out shorts.", "I love my new pair of shoes. The only thing is that this model is not too comfortable as other nike's shoes that I had before (eventhough is the same size)It arrive on time", "Your prices are crazy high i dont think its right that you guys take advantage of your consumers by jacking up your price when stock is low just last night your prices were at 300++ now its $500. CRAZY.", "The shoe is super comfy it is an over all amazing shoe that is definitely worth very single dollar you spend on it.", "Great shoe lot of money but worth every penny need more floors at a cheaper price so I can buy more", "shoes fit perfectly, there decently confortable there just really nice to look at  perfect shoes to were with black shiirt and jeans", "My son loves these Cleats, He has been using them for about 3 months 3 times a week, in both wet and dry conditions and they are holding up very well. I would purchase Nike products again. Good Quality", "Great for my partially flat feet, doesn't need any breaking in and the black sole masks any dirt underneath it.", "Great indoor soccer shoes.  They fit just as advertised and my son loved the color.  He wore them all the time.", "We take daily walks and a new pair of shoes, which my daughter needed, are always hard to break in, or so I thought. My daughter loves these shoes. She had no problems with them, they fit as expected and she was, for the first time ever, excited to wear the same new shoes the next day for our walk. Thank you.", "My grandson was beyond pleased so in turn I am thoroughly satisfied. Out of all his shoes he most happy with these and wants to wear them with everything even it doesn't match.  11yr. olds right!", "Great running shoe, and I have a lighter feel in each step.The first few times wearing them my feet hurt really bad, and I thought the shoes were a mistake... Once you break the shoes in they are AMAZING!!!", "Really stylish and durable though really light. Perfect for free running without stocks, It's worth the extra money you pay comparing with similar competitors.", "The shoes are very nice looking and in quality.  My hubby was very happy with the shoes which made me happy.", "The quality is good. On the Air Forces with the plastic check instead of the shoe leather check stiched on they used a softer leather. These, (even if you get the right size) will crease in the front most likely the first time you wear them. Invest in some ForceFields to put in these before you wear them so the creasing won't be as bad or at all.", "i would love to purchase these shoes!! but there is no size! if you can reply telling me what the shoe size is/are. thanks!", "Very light weight by Nike and professional for running and some other sports, I use it dayly and love it!", "Very good shoe. A lot more comfortable than some Jordans. This is my second pair of this shoe. Buy them.", "i got these the other day.  soooooo comfortable!  one thing, they run small, not narrow, so i sized up 1/2 size.  try them on first to be sure and amazon, this is a beautiful color, please carry them in bigger sizes.  i had to go to another website after trying 2 weeks to find them.  i plan on getting them in the puch color too.", "just got these in the mail and was super excited to try them on, as soon as i put them on i noticd that they runn a whole size to small! im origanilly a size 6.5 and order them a size6.5 but them seem like they are size 5 really bummed that they dont fit and thats the biggest size they have. warning get a size bigger", "My daughter is 6 months old and is just starting to grow out of them and she has been wearing them since she has been born!  Love them and they don't get ruined after washing them 100 times!", "Cool look and a comfortable for me.  Hope they come out with navy blue and all red.  For now I'll just blaze this orange! T. Scott in Texas", "This is a waste of money. Had to buy it for a friend and could not believe how much this thing cost. The edges of the sole is not straight. I could go on and on... It looked cool back in the 90's but I don't need to wear the same shoes I wore as a kid.", "recommend these shoes, nice style, good match with clothes, fits well. I am glad I bought them. comfortable fit. love the color.", "I just bought these shoes, from a local store. They are amazingly flexible, great for running and also great for work out. I love their cool look. they look awesome with jeans, and are great for running. This shoe hugs your foot, but feel light, almost like being in some ultra comfortable socks.", "these are Very good shoes for the price. light weight and excellent durability. good grip and comfort for indoor play .. rockz", "COMPLACIDA, ERA LO QUE ESPERABA ARTICULO DE BUENA CALIDAD, ENTREGA A TIEMPO, NO TENGO QUEJA ALGUNA AL RESPECTO, LA TELA BIEN", "Great shoe.  Very lightweight.  I like that I can use it in the gym, walking around town and forgoing out.  Great all purpose shoe.", "My son only wears Nike Shox and he is happy yet again :) He outgrows them before he ever wears them out.", "I own 30 pair of Nike Air Force 1...this shoe is no exception...great shoe always has been always will be", "I ordered it because I wanted a Nike thermal shirt for my 11-year-old son.  Maybe it's supposed to be so tight, but it was too small & he won't wear it.", "nice shoes,beautiful colour ,comfortable, ship fast, just the size is a little bit smaller then other brand, you can choose 0.5 size more.", "This particular style fits my daughter better than any other.  Practically no break-in time.  She plays at the highest U17 club level and we've been through lots of cleats, and these are about the best.", "I give these compression shorts the highest rating possible. The look, the fit, even the colors. If I had to say anything negitive about these shorts is that they are very hard to fine in size MEDIUM.", "Nice and vary Comfortable there is an inside lineing of Cushion in the shoes so There a dream to walk in. Hard to get on at first.", "These Nikes are so different and vibrant, I love them. They go with shorts or jeans or even skirts. You won't regret these. They do run a tad small so maybe half size up.", "Cannot go out of the house with these on and not get comments all day long. People be sweatin' my shizz for realz! But DONT buy these. I want to be the only ones in my town with them.", "My son was very pleased with how the spats fit and wore them all of October.  They fit as expected and where built well", "My son love them I got the for the month of October for breast cancer. We look foward to getting another pair for my youngest son next year.", "I usually buy Salomon waterproof shoes, so I took a chance on these Nikes being as good. So far, they are as good as and for half the price of the Salomons.", "Jordan's!!!Need I say MoRe?These sneeks are super comfortable and very stylish!I gets lots of compliments and I am comfortable all day long!I highly recommend these sneakers!!!!", "Now,this item is great for ones feet.When i say this,i am talking about comfortable fit,style,outstanding for sports in wearing shorts.my nephew is enjoying this item,the pack came in all the colors of the school he attends,and boy is he showing this item off.He is requesting another pack and he is going to get it,but i don't like the fact that he is sharing them with his younger siblings who arecarless,although the socks remain clean and not bleached up like the other socks they have.Could it be that the sock are name brand and that nike is the ____! Teenagers,go figure.", "love them, they feel great when I put them on... specially good since they are made in USA and not china!", "Thin but not too thin, just right. I use it with my Nike sneakers as well as my boot. I like that it is different color and it has a L and a R label, so it's easier to pair them back up after I wash them.", "I ask to send them to my hotel as did with the other orders but this one didn't received.I think the product should be fine, but the service just not.I'm use this site to buy b ecause it has certifications and warranty but this time fails, and made me think to not buy again.Also I did't received a credit back or nothing.", "I cant tell you how the Nike Women's Free Gym Shoe fits until I can find &#34;MY&#34; size! They are either Too small or Too large. Where can I &#34;Please Find an 8 1/2 -9 shoe?", "I am running with this backpack for more than 3 months now twice a day almost everyday (for 5-9 miles each run).Comparing to smaller backpacks I used to run before with first this one feels pretty stiff mostly because of its bigger back side. But as I said it is comfortable and I don't have that complain anymore.I can easely fit change of clothes into it (jeans, tshort, socks, shoes, ...) plus couple of sandwiches or salad in lunch box.Backpack has wallet on one of straps which perfectly fits my \"sport wallet\" (Chums Surfshort) and raincover in small pocket.The only minus is you can put too much in the backpack :)It doesn't have anything to hold water or water bottles btw.I definitely would recommend this one if you need something to carry a lot of things on your run and your run is no longer than 10 miles.", "these are my favorite pair of shoes.... the pink it hot pink and they dont get dirty quick.. they are aslo very comfortable", "Great Nike classic shoe! It is a bit heavier shoe than the Nike Vortex yet still holds true to size and arch support. Comfortable, stylish and affordable. J Crew sells this same style of Nike but at a far higher price.", "The shoe is very comfortable. Sturdy design and goes well for my countries colors. The shoe is good for both walking and running.", "The most comfortable and great fit running shoes by Nike, I workout everyday and have over hundred pair of running shoes and these shoes are one of the best and my favorite.", "Clean clean clean clean clean clean clean clean did I mention clean cleanest of clean king of clean yep yep", "THESE SHOES FIT MY FEET VERY WELL. VERY GOOD ARCH SUPPORT, VERY CUSHIONY, YET FIRM, HIGHLY RECOMNDED FOR PEOPLE WITH LOW ARCHES OR WHO NEED EXTRA CUSHION SUPPORT FOR HIGH IMPACT AEROBICS.", "I love air max tennis shoes. They are light and comfortable and are the bomb for walking. If you work long shifts they are a good shoe for that as well.", "The shoe fit was fine and arrived when expected. The pair received had a manufacturer defect. This review has been edited since seller contact has rectified the situation. Replacement product not yet received, however his steadfast  desire to make things right was worth updating early.  Will update again once product is received.", "Just beautiful! It was a gift and my friend was thrilled when she opened it! Moisture wicking and cool design!", "These are very generic socks and are by no means a dry fit or sports sock.  They are fairly low quality but do at least have an elastic gripping feel to the fabric.  They are medium thickness which makes them alright for athletics but a little hot otherwise for warmer weather.", "however i inspected the sole and found zero evidence of wear and decided they must have been display items at some point, i was initially turned off by the scuffed up shoe at 108$ however..... they arent in stores anymore and i figured 3 times wear and itll make no difference. fit excellent. have a color thats unusual to say the least, popped them off with different color laces and ghost laced them.. shee-utt shoes be class a", "WE ARE IMPORTERS FROM BOGOTA, COLOMBIA, AND THESE SHOES WERE IMPORTED FOR ONE OF OUR CLIENTS THAT WAS COMPLETELY SATISFIED IN ALL ITS CHARACTERISTICS", "These shoes were as advertised.  I have worn Nike Free shoes since the 1990's and these are just as they should be.", "I bought the Nike CTR360 Enganche III FG-R Junior soccer cleats about two years ago.  Ever since then I've been a much better soccer player!  In my last soccer cleats ( The Muitre brand ) I could not even kick the ball!  Let me explain.  The Nike cleats have-- Good grip at the bottom- Point at the toe- They are thin- Good laces that stay tightAnd so much more!Another good quality they have is that they last a long time.  I've already had mine for two years and they still look as good as new!  I know the price seems high. But even though they are expensive, they are worth it!  They last a long time!Overall I think the Nike CTR360 Enganche III FG-R Junior soccer cleats are the best cleats of all!", "Great shoes, fit perfectly and extremely comfortable. I really have a hard time finding shoes that don't hurt my feet so normally my to go shoes are sneakers. So I have to say I was both eager to try these but also afraid that because of the wedge sole it would be painful and maybe a bit awkward looking. So nor painful nor awkward. These are just perfect, love them", "very comfy but a bit tighter than the other nike running shoes.Super coll , super cute.Love the color", "Fits as expected. Great shoe. Great service. Overall great purchaseVery satisfied with the outcome. A++ for the total transaction", "These shoes are designed for people who love walking/running. They are just so comfortable. Good work Nike! Will definitely recommend them.", "I love these shoes but the color of the Blue Hero and Atomic Red was not what I expected. The Atomic Red looks more like Pink.", "I have had these shoes for almost 2 weeks and they still look brand new. They are a great shoe if you wear running shoes to most places every day and occasionally run on pavement. They had a different support then I was used to, but after a while it started to feel great. I would not reccomend this shoe to someone who frequently runs trails, but for someone like me they are perfect. They are cool-looking but not overimposing. The &#34;barefoot feel&#34; makes it feel like you're walking on air. I hope this was helpful! :):)", "My other pair of these shoes were worn completely out. I love these shoes! They are perfect for any type of training!", "My son walks everywhere on his university campus.  He goes through LOTS of shoes but these are his favorite.  They last a long time before wearing out and he says they are super comfortable.  We purchased this pair as a gift for him and I think he'll be getting another pair for his birthday!", "Nice shoe!  Extremely light!!!  I've worn other Nike shoes before and ordered a size twelve... maybe it'll stretch (I Hope) it fits a lil snug... kinda wished I ordered a 13.", "My son usually wears an 8. We ordered these and he could barely fit his heel! But otherwise, AMAZING shoe! My son is in track and runs 4 miles a day. As long as you order the right size, these are a great buy. I suggest going to a nike outlet and trying different sizes on before ordering.", "This is a nice soft shoe. My husband says it is the best running shoe he has ever used. He is an avid runner.", "I've never had a pair of running shoes that feel almost as if I'm not wearing any.  They fit so perfectly, and are unbelievably comfortable to workout in.  Nike FTW!", "I was having trouble with shoes and feet for a while. I was wearing dress shoes to work and working in NYC I'm on pavement all the time. I rarely walk on anything other than pavement and handling the NYC subway daily is a lot on your feet. Lots of stairs, lots of concrete. At the end of the day if your feet don't hurt you're doing something right, which I have to thank Nike Free Run for.Before I got these shoes my feet weren't getting enough cushion between my foot and the gravel. I was wearing dress shoes daily and frankly my feet were falling apart. I saw a doctor who told me that my arches had collapsed and I wasn't getting enough support from my dress shoes. I'm 25. He told me to get these hard inserts to put in my shoes. These weren't cushioned inserts, they were hard and stiff. They made the ground feel harder and made me even less comfortable than I had been before. That didn't make a lot of sense to me. Why would I want a nonflexible inserts to fix my flat feet? I tried the soft inserts as well, but obviously those soft inserts aren't re-engineering the shoes. My dress shoes still sucked, and the damage was done. My feet problems extended to my back and suddenly I'm 25 and miserable.Now it's not fair to compare dress shoes and sneakers. Obviously sneakers should be more comfortable and provide more support. But you have to understand, the damage had been done. I moved to sneakers and STILL COULDN'T WALK IN MOST OF THEM. I experimented with a few different sneakers. In converse shoes my foot pain started almost immediately. I tried some cheap sneakers and those were also useless. I also tried an expensive pair of Nike sneakers, and frankly, those didn't work either. Nothing provided support to the inside of my foot, they only created a cushion for the bottom of my feet. I have four or five pairs of sneakers that I wore maybe 5 or 6 times that are sitting in my closet never to be seen again.Enter Nike Free Run 5: These shoes are unlike most shoes and most sneakers because they're TIGHT, but they will eventually expand to fit your feet. They're tight but with lots of flexibility so the foot can do what it wants to do naturally, but the shoe gets right in there on the inside of the foot and lifted the portion of my wide feet that were prone to expanding. Again, my problem is flat feet. My arches were collapsing. This shoe LIFTS my arch and keeps it there. The shoe has those side strings that tighten the shoe around the sides of your feet, it's not just tightening the top of the shoe to the sole of the shoe (which logically will flatten your feet!). You can see the engineering on the shoe itself, the side strings around the sides of the shoe is where it's at. The support isn't coming from the sole, it's coming from all around the shoe. My feet feel much, much better. There were times where my feet hurt so much that I couldn't walk anymore. That doesn't happen to me now. I'm wondering if wearing these sneakers has reversed any of the problems I've had with my arches (since I used to have pretty good arches) but honestly, I have no interest in going back to the doctor even if only out of spite.This doesn't solve my problem with bad dress shoes. Well, actually, it kind of does. At least my feet are healthy enough to put on dress shoes when I absolutely need to. But the rest of the time, it's Nike Free Run 5.I stick with the all black ones most of the time. I bought the bright yellow pair as well, but I haven't brought myself to wear them much. They're just too garish. I'll probably get them in the more subdued red colors next, but these are likely to be the only sneakers wear from now on. For life.", "This was a gift for my son's birthday. He stated he would buy another pair, very comfortable to work out in.", "I would suggest ordering at least 1/2 size larger than usual.  They run somewhat small and need about a week to break them in.", "While these shoes aren't quite as relaxed a fit as the free run 3.0s, the snug fit makes them feel more secure and as a result they feel much better to run or work out in. Perfect shoes for a barefoot feel without sacrificing your feet.", "Hands down, the best shoes and most comfortable shoes I've ever worn. These shoes are very light, very soft/comfortable, and also has great foot support for those of us that have flat feet. I'm not much of a runner, but when I tried my first times of running in these shoes, it felt as if I was running on pillows for miles. Love these shoes and will start buying more pairs. I want to try using them when I play basketball, but I don't want to get my shoes dirty (although, it's very tempting to try it).I definitely recommend these shoes for everyday use or running.", "Shoe fits great length wise. Shoe is a more snug around the middle of the foot than previous versions of the 5.0", "My son loved these shoes - very comfortable and light.  They run a bit small so we needed to order 1/2 size up.", "The colors are stunning. The shoe is light and breathes very well. People comment all the time on how much they like it. You will want to have this shoe!", "These shoes are comfortable and lightweight. They are great for jogging and drylands. One issue was the color stated was blue and red. The actual color is not red but more of a hot pink. I replaced the laces with black ones, and they don't seem too girly now.", "I bought these shoes in gray & orange for my son, an active 10 yr old boy already in a men's size shoe.  The Free Runs weren't cheap, but they were a birthday gift, so I didn't mind.  He REALLY wanted them.  My son says they are very comfortable and they look very nice on him (only reason for 2 stars).  After one week, the toe started to wear - the gray toe tip wearing down to white.  After one month, the toe entirely fell apart.  Sports Authority, where I bought them, said my son isn't using them for the right activities and clearly looks like he dragged his foot on his bike.  My son didn't do this riding a bike.  He wears them to school 3-4 times per wk, MAX.  He doesn't wear them after school because he goes to his soccer & basketball practices, in which he wears other shoes.  This is damage from one month of school wear - he doesn't have recess, and PE only 3 times per wk.  I would not buy this shoe again for a child.", "This item is so awesome!! I would recommend this item to anybody who wants to run, and I would want to remind that it is better to order 0.5 size larger.", "Great shoe, fits a little snug so that it doesn't slip off of the heel. Very good looking. Good support for arches", "The good - Almost weightless (I am used to wearing cross trainers though).The not so good - These are the tightest 8.5s I have ever worn. I CANNOT fit them comfortably with any type of sock on. These shoes are comfortable enough to wear without socks. I have worn them for up to one hour and they did not rub or cause any friction burns.If you only read one thing - I will consider ordering .5 size up when I start running in earnest (and need two pair - one to wear and one to dry out) after the first of the year.SAB", "Great shoe.... Fits well and gives you great support and balance..... Really lets you 'feel' the ground while comfortable at the same time.", "The shoe pictured is not the same color pattern as the one I received. Still like them though, just not what I thought I was ordering.", "These are fantastic shoes! I would highly recommend them to anyone who is either A. Interested in running faster B. Winning every race ever, or C. outrun a kenyan.", "THESE SHOES REALLY CHANGED THE WAY I RUNS. BEFORE I USED TO FIGHT TO GET MY SHOES ON AND NOW I ONLY FIGHT WITH MYSELF AFTER WORK.WHEN I WENT TO THE MALL THIS ONE TIME, I DECIDED THAT INSTEAD OF GETTING SHOES THAT I WOULD BUY COFFEE, BUT THEN I SAW THE ERROR OF MY WAYS AND I REALIZED THAT WITTTTTOUT SHOES I WAS DENIED SERVICE TO THE COFFEE MACHINE. AND SO I DECIDED THAT MAYBE IT WAS TIEM FOR A CHANGE AND SO WHEN I WAANT TO GET COFFEE I WENT TO THE NIKEY STORES AND I BOUHGT 3 DIFFERENT TIYPES OF SHOES ONE OF WHCIH WAS THIS SHOE THE Nike Men's NIKE LUNARFLASH+ RUINING SHOES. AFTER I RECIEVED MY SHOES I WENT HOME AND DECIDED TO BKAE AND MAKE A CAKE WITH A RAKE AND AFTER I USED THE SHOES TO MAKE THE CAKE THAT I BAKED WITH THE RAKE I KNEW THAT MY DESTINY WAS SET.Nike's Running shoes made me faster than Usain Bolt. Thank you.", "My only regret is that I didn't purchase these shoes at the beginning of the year, though I don't know when this particular model was introduced.  These shoes are the real thing.  They are light, feel great on the feet, and are the perfect shoe for working out in the gym.  I use them mainly for biking and I didn't realize how ill-suited my tennis shoes were for this until I put these on.  One cautionary note:  I tried a pair on at a local sports shoe shop and found that I needed a half size larger than I normally would get.  Thus, be sure you try them on before ordering online.", "Perfect fit!, very comfortable running shoe and I really like the colors. I looked every where for this color, I got lucky and not only found the color I wanted, but a better price....", "I have a vomero 7 that fits great, but the vomero 8 is somewhat small! It could be more larger!", "Used these shoes for a month with no complaints.  I bought these because my other Nike running shoes needed to be put out to pasture and they fit my feet perfectly.", "Very comfortable and good looking shoes - too nice to go running in i keep them for going out and casual look", "Very comfortable sboe. Doesn't fit like some runners but I really like support and comfort. Great quality and price. Would buy Gain", "Nike is really making a killing with all of their kicks utilizing Lunarlon foam on their outsole. Heck, even the stiffer Cole Haans have adapted the Lunar technology on some of their oxfords and wing tips. This feels great on your feet, very light, the outsole and the insole make this a very good investment especially for someone who is on their feet a lot. This colorway is a favorite of mine too so this is a win-win purchase.", "I have been a New Balance fan for years and years,,,  till i purchased these.  I have made several runs in these and they are very lite and comfortable,, not to mention your feet will breathe due to the mesh construction.  I have ran through water with these and the water will run out of them and your feet will eventually dry.  This is A+ shoe.  I will buying another set to rotate between them.", "I have had success with my last two pair of Nike runners.  But these are a little weak in structure.  Also cut the backs of my ankles...not a usual problem.", "Nice shoes that fit as advertised.  I'm a big fan of the Lunar Forever forever!  I have 3 pairs now and enjoy all of them.", "Much better than expected...comfortable and still very durable...protects on trails and still has good cushioning.  Will likely buy another pair.", "This front tip start worn out almost after wearing them for a few days. Since Nike use paint to make the darker pattern at the front and side, once it worn, it shows the underneath original color which is a lot lighter. The worn marks are super obvious. Within a few weeks of wear, the sole already gone 50% ( i wear them for playing tennis sometimes but it still shouldn't worn out so quick). All and all the shoe looks good and comfortable but it is too cheaply made and worn out way way too quickly.", "Typically Nike has a great running shoe and i have been wearing Air Max's forever.  The toe of the shoe is quite wide and the actual fit is on the large size. As it runs large, it is very uncomfortable to run in.", "I used to be a loyal Asics runner.  Then a friend lent me her Nike Lunarglides and it was love at first step.  This is my second pair and they are the perfect running shoe.  Just ran a half marathon and my feet have never felt better!  They fit true to size and have held up well even after logging a bunch of miles in all weather conditions.  Highly recommended!", "Nike free is a lightweight shoe that has made it's appearance in recent years and feels like you are wearing a sole, arch support and not much else.  They are now coming in many colors and not easy to find in stores so I've turned on line to find the the best choice.  Happy hunting.", "all like I expected, for Nike shoes normally I need 1 size up. I would rather choose anothe color next time.", "If your looking for a deep red this shoe is not for you! The color is more of an orange. I had to not only return the order but also was required to pay for shipping!HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME. NOT", "These run about a half size too small. I usually buy an 8 for running shoes. I bought an 8 in this style but it runs a little small. I'd maybe even go up a full size, unless you have a narrow foot. The toe box is very narrow.", "Bought these for my daughter at the start of school, she loves them. Everyone of her friends has been asking her where she got them! They fit great and we have already had to wash them, they did perfict!", "My wife Just love It, are so comfortable, pretty colors, perfect for running and GYM training. She Was looking for a kind of shoes with these colors.", "I bought these for light running and Body Pump classes mainly.  The toe box has a small area in the front which is thicker material which does a fair job at keeping my foot from extending too far forward during lunges etc.  Nice shoe overall.  I wear a 7.5, but normally in Nike an 8.  With this shoe I was able to stick with 7.5.  Cool colors.", "These shoes are beautiful, light, flexible, the feet breath, very confortable, I receive a lot of compliments with the, true to size.", "i absolutely love these shoes so lightweight and colorful and they dont fit tight around your toes so theres room to breath! love it", "This shoe is super comfortable and I received many compliments on the color.I bought them for running. I run on average 10 miles a week on streets. They lasted less than 200 miles before the cushioning in the toes gave out. Now they hurt my big toe and give the next toe a bruise under the nail.", "Great shoes! Fit is just what I expected from a Nike shoe.  Colors true to ad.  Super light and good cushioning.", "Runs true to size. Nice wide toe box which I need and like. I'm not a runner, but they're great for walking and for the gym.", "Fit very well, seem to be supportive and I get alot of compliments on them. This is my second pair of these in a different color.", "Love the shoe, fit great and very comfortable.  The color is awesome and very bright just what I was looking for.  They are very light weight and barely feel like I'm wearing a shoe at all!", "If you love your toes to have room to move around this is the shoe for you!  This shoe gives you toe space, snug on heel so your foot stays comfortably put.  I have walked in these shoes for hours so effortlessly that I now have two pairs and may buy a third.It is rare for my feet to be happy in a running/tennis shoe without them being so worn in that they are ready to be tossed.  Very satisfied.", "This is my second pair - love these shoes - very comfortable. I am able to remove the insole and use my orthodic insole and also I like that they have a roomy toe box.", "My feet and legs never feel sore, tired, or heavy in these shoes even after a crazy busy 12-hour shift.", "i love it.. they are very confortable and ligth. i like to walk and run with them. they are very fresh.", "I love these Nikes.  They fit wonderfully and are very light.  The price was right with this retailer too, less than the going retail price in my area.", "My Nike&#34;s are so cute, The color are exactly than the picture and my daughter wants the same pair. Good Sale!!!!", "I've been running on these for about 2 weeks with no complaints.  They feel well-cusioned, are nicely vented, and are very flexible.  I'm an under-pronator, which leaves me vulnerable to sore knees, but these are kind to my knees.  I average about 10-12 miles a week, wear a size 9 (true to size), and have narrow feet. The fit is good.", "They fit true to size and are comfortable. My only complaint is the orange color is harsh/weird. They can find me now if I ever get lost in the dark.", "The bold coloring on these shoes is magnificent. The rise on the back on the shoe rubs my heel on the down step. Im hoping this is temporary because I love the look and they are otherwise a comfy shoe.", "Size runs small and shoe rubbed holes in the back of my heels when worn to the gym........OUCH!  So dissappointed, not cheap.", "I tried them on and saw they both had dog hair on the inner sole.  I thought I was purchasing NEW!  Nowhere does it state that they were used", "The shoes came on time and they came undamaged. They look the same as they did in the picture and they fit great.", "My daughter wears a size 6.5 to a 7.  We ordered a 7 and she has worn them four times and each time she gets horrible blisters on her heel.  We gave them to Grandma hoping she can wear them without pain.  Her foot is a 6 or 6.5", "Light weight, look awesome. Get lots of comments about how cool they look. My daughter loves them and wears them almost everyday", "I liked these at first but it seems to me that Nike shoes may run a little smaller than my usual brand", "Very nice. really the product is such that it describes the seller. The material is strong, beautiful and durable. I recommend it to all who wish to be updated.", "I was very happy  wish there had a 7half size the 8 was little big but if anyone going to buy true to the size would buy again for my daughter . Thank you ...", "Sneakers fit true to size, good support in the arches and all around.  Very comfortable when running, I may buy a second pair to use for work since I'm on my feet all day.  Love the colors as well, great buy.  Shipping was not that great.  Slow and I had trouble getting the package delivered.  I also had issues trying to find a contact number to reach the company.  Love the sneakers, will find another company to purchase them from.", "Love the shoe, had to get use to the bright color at first, everyone noticed! Being size 9 didn't help! I believe these shoes can be purchased at DSW for a little less, maybe 5.00 less, but I love Amazon!", "Bought for my daughter. She loves the colors and the fit. We both thought these shoes are a great product for the price!", "The shoes look even better in person than in the pictures. Fit just as you'd expect, and they are very comfortable!", "Just got my shoes today and they fit perfectly,now let's see how my feet fell after my work day tomorrow while wearing them stay tuned!", "Very nice shoes, just a bit tight on my feet. If you have wide feet, don't get this pair-otherwise they are awesome.", "I got these for my wife. She is very happy with them. Said they fit very well and are very comfortable.", "shoe is excellent for women who work all day on their feet.  The price was right so I could not resist and buy them for her, shes so happy now!", "My foot size is 9.5-10 depending on brand; I ordered size 10.. these shoes fit great for running, very comfortable. I have yet to use them during my insanity workout, but feel for agility I should have bought 9.5 for a snugger fit.... however these shoes are exactly what I expected.", "They are true to size, comfortable and very light.  I have Plantar Faciitus and they worked well without inserts.  Plus, they are super cute!", "The shoes gave me a blister on my first outing. I like the shoes dispite the blister. I like the colour and the style.", "These shoes are actually a Christmas present.  I had my daughter try them on though to be sure that they fit!  I went back online and bought a pair for my younger daughter and a pair for myself!", "Nike (for me) always runs a half size too small so I order a half size larger than my regular shoe size.  The half-size larger fits great and is very comfortable and lightweight with enough cushion to make running comfortable for my feet.", "These Nike Dart 10 running shoes are sooo comfortable.  I have been wearing New Balance for a while now, sorry Nike (you truly were my first love).  I forgot what I was missing until I tried these on and went for my first walk/jog.  Ohhh, so flexible and great arch support.  They are a little snug, so I believe they are true to size like others have mentioned, but you don't want them flopping on your feet when you are exercising (that causes blisters).", "The shoes are nice. I would recommend them to anyone. I wear them to work in a skilled nursing facility. They are comfortable.  They are true to size.", "Very comfortable show. Great vLue for the money. Would order them again if I needed another pair. Wear them daily", "I love these shoes! I ordered a half size up because my toenails bruise when I wear my normal size 9 in running shoes. These shoes are comfortable to run in and the colors are bright and vibrant! I would highly recommend these!", "Not comfortable, I have been a Nike wearer for years, wanted a black pair, but these are tight at toes.  Only have worn them once around the house.  Unsatifsfied.", "Bought these because I am on my feet a lot and they are perfect. They are very comfortable and make it easy to walk around for  hours without and indication on your feet.", "Received the wrong size.  I requested a Man's size 10 and received a 5.  I would return it, but had it sent to an Aunt who just brought them to me 40 days later.", "I love the weight its a very light shoe, fits great and looks built to last. The colour is just as you see it and everyone asks about it.", "I bought this for my son.  He loves it.  It does not hurt his feet when he plays.He says his goal scoring has improved a lot when using this shoe.", "Apart from being visually appealing this boot is excellent. It also has a leather finish to it which is always great.I typically purchase Nike Vapors a half size smaller because they stretch after a you wear them a good few times and then you get that perfect glove like feeling. However, during the breaking in process it is quite uncomfortable.I made the (conscious) mistake of wearing them for the first time (out of sheer excitement) in a game. The price I had to pay was a huge blister behind both of my heels. That being said I would do it all over.5 Stars.......", "I have been wearing Nike Gato shoes for soccer for several years.  Each time one wears out I buy another.  These are good quality and comfortable.  I recommend them for anyone playing soccer on a hard surface.  I even use these for tennis!", "Very nice design. It's comfortable and good control a soccer ball very well. It absolutely worth this price. love it", "My boys tend to have wide feet and it is very hard to find shoes to fit them.  Nike Gato's have been the staple shoe as my 10 year old grows... These shoes give him the room he needs with a higher quality than most other shoes.  Originally found them for indoor soccer, but now he wears them to school and everywhere else!  This is a nice looking pair of shoes! :D", "When i purchased this shoe I thought that the high price tag was a consecuense of the materials or technology employed in it. I thought they where mostly leather shoes with some synthetic in certain parts, but its quite the opposite, there are mostly synthetic shoes with all the problems that brings, especially durability. The shoes lose their good looks quite fast and although they are in good shape and form so far im very concerned about how much they would resist. The technology is almost not present, and that was a disappointment mostly because for this price you can buy some top end soccer shoes from other brands. I don't know if the price is high because they came fro Honk Kong.On the goods I must say is a comfortable and efficient shoe without being outstanding.", "great shoe but runs a bit slim.  wore it around the house for a few days to widen it up before playing.  great feel on the ball...", "Excellent product. The shoes looks exactly as the description, and color is powerful. The shoes are very comfortable, pretty good item", "I wear these at the gym doing cardio and go straight to the weights and have no issues. lihjt weight and comfortable", "This was a gift, and the person loved it.Fit as expected, great quality, original product, totally new &#60;3, I really recommend this product!", "Great feel, great look. Very light and not restraining when you run. We'll see about durability though in a few weeks", "it's the shoes what i want.! lol. I do really like total 90 laser iv. but i can't find it everywhere. i really like it", "I love it, however, the material is not that strong. I just like the color because it matches the team's", "12 practices, 8 games. That's all these cleats lasted. Toe began to separate from sole after first practice. Serious separation and hole forming in toe after 3rd game. Completely unusable after just 5 1/2 weeks. My son has been playing for 13 years, he has owned dozens of cleats, and these are by far the worst ever. They have an excellent touch and no break in period, but this comes at the cost of durability. Nike cleats fit him the best, but over the last two years we have noticed a problem with toe separation in a variety of styles at every price-point from $60 to nearly $200. May have to try a different brand. Would have given 0 stars if possible.", "My daughter wanted red leather soccer cleats at a reasonable price and we were very excited to find these. They fit great and she loved them.  Unfortunately after about a month, the plastic sole of the left shoe started to separate from the body of the shoe at the toe.  A few days later the same thing started on the right shoe. They have gotten to the point where I think they are dangerous  to play with and I am afraid she will trip on the area where the shoe is separating from the sole. A small rock got caught in that space the other day. She wants to get another pair of these but I am worried we will have the same problem. I am hoping that maybe this was just a defective pair and the next one will be ok. We have never had any other problems with Nike shoes.", "looking good, the size is great, not so comfortable but everything else is goodchachachachacha cha cha cha cha cha  420 blaze it", "I just bought a pair and have used the twice so thy are not totally broken in yet, and I love them.  Lots of cushion and for moves that require cuts they totally hug your feet.  I have tried others and these by far are the best yet!", "My chiropractor recommended Nike Free knowing that I suffer from foot and back pain. I love them so much I've now bought several pair!!I found a solid black pair that look GREAT with black slacks (I have a serious foot issue so I cannot wear normal 'dress shoes') and are stylish with dark jeans.  Stylish comfort - I'm happy! They are durable shoes, no signs of wear after a few months of winter weather. The Nike Free runs small and slightly narrower than typical of most Nike shoes, a half size larger than I normally buy fit perfectly.", "The shoes seemed to be well made, but because it was small for a \"10\", it didn't fit and I had to return it. This seems to be a common problem for apparel made in that Asian country where quality, life expectancy, and consistency in the products they manufacture is a huge problem. I learned my lesson trying to order shoes online. Never Again!!!", "Great shoes. I mainly use these on a treadmill. The shoes are flexible and have good support. I would recommend these to any one without hesitation.", "These shoes are comfortable and they are cool!!  There aren't a lot of this type shoe in our area so it's nice to have something different.", "You can see glue at the seams, the cloth edges aren't totally finished, and the sole of the shoes looks like cheap plastic. Don't buy these!!!", "I have not always loved the NIKE shoe, as they have been too narrow in the past. This shoe is very trendy, so I decided to try it. I am really liking it.", "From the time I saw my New Nike Air Max ,I felt great,the color is awesome,it fit very comfortable. Thank you.", "I purchased these for my 9th grader who loves shoes/sneakers. She loved the bright yellow color  and the fit of the shoe.", "As we wanted. Very good product, quality and Price.I look forward to buying more of these products, thanks you for help me", "These arent your traditional nike shoes. They have a tighter fit, not smaller just tighter which is correct for the correct application. Good snug fit wont let your feet slide inside which is good support for my functional gym training since Im moving a lot in all directions. Lightweight and flexible. Looks good.", "I love these shoes. They are however very tight and if I could go back I would have gotten half a size bigger. My Nike free run 4.0 were tight at 10.5 and somehow these are even tighter. Regardless they feel awesome and offer a lot of stability for quick movements. They also feel durable and built to last.", "this is a very comfortable shoe. very lightweight and comfortable feels like you're just wearing socks you should try a pair", "Very comfortable &#34;sock fit&#34; shoe. Great breathability. Not much support for pro or super nators, but that can be expected.", "the shoe feels great , once you get your foot past the tongueless top they fit like a glove .", "My son wears a size 14 and we can never buy shoes for him locally. He loves Nike and has worn this shoe before. Perfect fit and design. Would recommend.", "Nike trainers are always so comfortable for me. Colour may bebetter with less striking laces. Maybe in white or matching green", "I am in love with them! The color is beautiful and the fit is perfect, definitely an eye catcher at the gym. They are very comfortable and flexible, I cannot be happier with my buy. Thank you so much.", "it is very fit for me. and it looks so nice as well. I like it very much. it worth having", "I purchased this exact shoe recently and love the comfort and style! I've been running in them and normally, my toes start numbing up after a few miles and with these, NEVER! I had some inserts made last year and popped them in the shoe for additional arch support. Very nice shoe!I like the color design - I did change the shoelaces to black.", "I like this sneaker. I think that the memory foam is very supportive and it feels like my foot is wrapped in comfort. I would buy again.", "When I first put them on they were so comfortable.  I went on a walk about 5 minutes later and the right shoe was hurting my foot a little but I was speed walking and I figured they just had to be broken in.  I was right!  Couldn't be happier.  Buying nothing but Nikes from now on.  O and I wear a size 9 but had to get them in a 9.5.", "I like that these shoes can be thrown in the washer and come out like new.  I wear them to walk my dogs and love the light weight feel and comfort.", "I bought these for my daughter whose uniform requires black and white shoes.  They fit great, are light on the feet, and she has not complained once about her feet hurting after PE or volleyball practice, like she did with her previous Reeboks", "Fast delivery and the shoes were packaged neatly. So damage or harm done to the product. I love my shoes. I wear a 9 but the shoes makes my foot look like a six. They are very comfortable also", "Could've gone down a .5 or 1/2 a size.  Other wise they are light as a feather, perfect for training.", "No tired,achy feet for me.Did not have to break in this pair of shoes, comfortable, great shoe. I would recommend this shoe to others. True to size.Cleans easily.", "the one size is a womens small foot size.ridiculous.a total waste of my time and money.the end", "like the model a lot hard to find in shops strong leather good fit casual style for every day , thank you", "I love the shoe, and the colors are great, but it fits a bit more snug in the toe area than my other shoes that are the same type.", "i have always liked nike training shoes primarily becauase of their awesome design and function. this pair is very comfortable and provides great protection for my ankles while running. great buy.", "These are great cross trainers. I wouldn't recommend them for running on a regular basis but you could if you wanted to. Nikes always run thinner and fit my feet perfectly. I haven't had any trouble with durability yet. Awesome shoe overall.", "While this sneakers has a snug fit and is compact, the major issue is that the material on the sole when wet is very slippery. Whether indoors in the gym on the floor type material, with sweat, makes this sneakers a hazard.", "shoes  for my 10th grade son he seems very happy with the shoes., thats what im looking for.thank you very much", "I bought these shoes for my wife.  They were difficult to find any where other than amazon so they were quite expensive and had to come from a foreign land so it took for ever.", "I am on my feet all day and love these shoes, plus they are very stylish! I wear a size 8 and that's what I ordered, perfect fit and very comfy!", "I really like the Nike Dri-fit socks and have bought them in the store in the past.  Though, what I got was not exactly like the picture.  There is a little sock tab at the back of the sock that some people like, to help pull the sock up.  The ones in the picture do not show this tab, it just shows it the same length all around the ankle.  Not really worth returning but might be a deciding factor for some people.", "Perfecto, todo de acuerdo a lo publicitado, cumpli&oacute; con mis expectativas. Es c&oacute;modo abrigado y elegante  y la calidad Nike habitual.", "I bought these for my 6 week cruise around the world. They were dressy enough to wear with a jacket to dinner, light and comfortable enough to do some major touring while in port and also comfortable enough to use when I went to the gym. They were perfect", "I bought them for my birthday and I was very pleased once I wore them thanks I will continue my business with you", "Shirt fitted well, looked better than I thought, and it felt great. Nike knows what they're doing. If I could; I would get it in all colors.", "You know, these Nike frames are the best frames ever! I've been wearing them for a couple of months now. So light, and fit perfectly ... they hug your head right above your ears, which is a different experience for me than my last pair (Armani frames), but not tightly so that you feel like you notice it. You bend over to look down, and they stay on your head! I love it!! I do a lot of work on my computer, and so I am frequently looking down at other documents and such, so to not have to constantly be pushing my glasses back in their proper position on my face when I am looking up and back at my screen is like a miracle to me!In several different descriptions of these frames elsewhere on the web they have indicated these are men's frames, but I a woman and think that they are definitely unisex frames. I get compliments on them all the time (everyone from my friends to my doctor, lol) especially in that they are rimless glasses, have that hint of blue color, and well, just look cool. :)The midnight fog is the color I chose, and the blue color is subtle but yet enough to show and give them a pop of color. I also have the Transitions Lenses, so I love the fact that I can read outside now without an additional set of sunglasses/changing them up. All in all, these frames are perfect and I'm so happy to have them. I love my Nike frames!!", "The product was a medium, but fit more like a small.  The pants were nice quality, but had to give them away to a friend because returning them cost almost as much as the purchase price.", "I was reluctant to purchase because of the price and I'm not really a Lebron fan. However. I purchased these for my son. He really likes them, and I must admit... they look pretty cool!", "These shoes are great! They look and fit just as expected. Very light and flexible. I would highly recommend them.", "I didn't like these.  There was no arch support and the shoe felt flimsy and poorly made.  Sorry, had to send these ones back.", "Was told they fit well and person is happy with them. Would like to have a pair myself sometime. thanks", "I have extremely small feet for being a &#34;grown&#34; adult so I have a difficult time finding running shoes that fit properly and don't have flashing lights on them when I step, with some child insignia on them. I found these shoes and LOVE THEM! I do a lot of high intensity workouts and these are perfect 6 times a week and these have held up nicely. Light weight, durable and move with the foot. I have not tried running in these shoes as I like a heftier shoe for running (if that makes sense) but I think that is a personal preference thing. I am sure you could run in these and they would be great.", "Looks nice my friends love it and make me look so nice about my self because grey and hire are a great match to everything", "This shoe retails for $120.  The retailer has significantly marked up the price and then given the appearance of a discount to make it seem as if your getting a deal.  Even with their so-called discount, it's still higher than the MSRP!  Go to Nike.com, or anywhere else to but this product.", "My boy love them. They look as expected. They are very confortable. My boy is so happy with them. Perfect.", "LOVES These shoes.  Had one before, and sole cracked but loved the style and comfort so wanted another one. Very sharp on the court!", "Maybe this is why I have to buy socks again... maybe I'm too rough on them. I like the design and they are comfortable but they seem to be showing signs of wear after 2 months.", "My child needed these for running and they are very comfortable, with a great fit and they cushion her feet and give her plenty of traction while running.", "This shoes are perfect as a waking shoes but unfortunately I haven't use it because are small for me!!! Oh!!!", "This Nike is poor quality and cheaply made. Cheap, thin and flimsy innersole. No arch support. It gaps towards the heel because they were too cheap to put 10 lace holes instead of 8.  You should see how the sole is stitched to the shoe.  It's the worst I've ever seen and I know a little something about shoes.  This shoe is made in Indonesia, and that explains it but I expect much better from Nike and especially at the prices they charge.Don't waste your money on this one...", "These were my son's first pair of shoes with shoes strings.  He's been doing velcro and pretied shoes long enough.  My son has normal width feet...yet, this shoe appears to be for a child that has narrow feet.  These shoes are showing wear.  Great Price!!", "Boot is also displayed, comfortable feet, and size is very appropriate for the age groups between 10 and even 20, excellent for use for school students", "These are bright, bright, orange(which is a good thing). My daughter loves them.  I previously ordered the orange Puma turf shoes, but they fit really small, so I ordered these instead.  My 11-year old loves the colour and says they feel great on.", "Delivery very fast. The product is perfect. The price was very good. My son use everyday to play soccer and it's very durable.", "Very happy, people want to know where I got them from and I say. I bought them in Dallas.  Lol", "I did not purchase these on Amazon but did purchase them from a DSW store.  I lucked out.  I was looking for an inexpensive but well made outdoor shoe for hiking Squaw Peak in Phoenix while I was visiting relatives in AZ.  Looked all over the internet and couldn't find anything with a good review/rating for around $40.  I went to DSW and made my way to the clearance rack where I found these.  Their regular price was $85 but were on clearance for half off.  They may have been a returned item but they looked brand new.  I bought them, wore them to hike Squaw Peak the next morning and they performed perfectly.  They are light weight, well constructed, and definitely helped maintain a good grip on the trail and on the rocks.  I didn't slip or slide even once.These shoes were released about a year ago but if you can find them, I highly recommend them.  These are top notch outdoor shoes that are comfortable, light weight, and have a superior grip.  I haven't used them for running but I can attest that they will perform very well on difficult hikes.", "This wool running hoodie is wonderful. I love the color and the snap on buttons that you can button all the way for a turtleneck type feel or open it up if you get hot. The color is great also. Don't dry it though it will shrink.", "It's a great wallet best I have ever had I will be ordering more products for sure the size is real compact works great", "Wallet is very cheaply made, NO Passkey slots as stated and will not wear very long. Very dispossable.an in my opinion not up to Amazon standards.", "I wear usually a size 13, when I put these on for the 1st time they felt kinda big but after an hr or two of wearing them they felt great. The top half of the shoe is a little flimsy since its only a thick cloth materiel like &#34;All- Stars&#34;. They have a great old school look. Overall they're a solid choice for a mid-top shoe and they look great with shorts or pants", "I wear a size 9 man I freakin love the shoes and everything else I brought off amazon I will use this web page to get more items very very soon", "The feel of the material and the fit was not as good as I was expecting considering the price paid for it.", "I give this shirt 5 stars for a few reasons.  One being the absolutely beautiful blue color.  It is gorgeous and I think even more striking in person than pictured.  The fit is smack dab perfect.  It washes up beautifully and comes out of the dryer without wrinkles.  My husband loves that the fabric is light, breathes and therefore keeps him cool on the golf course.  Very nice indeed!  Highly recommended!", "Same fit as the dark blue one I ordered,  fits great, nice details, washes easily. No wrinkles, even if hang dried.", "Maybe this is Nike's way of telling me to lose a few pounds? Product quality is excellent, but the shirt is a little smaller than I had anticipated, enough so that I have to consciously 'suck in the gut' while walking around. Probably my mistake for not checking the sizing information carefully enough.", "i like this shoes cause are beautiful i really love it and i recomiendo this shoes for everyone... see you", "Great comfort. Shoe actually has a &#34;sock like&#34; feel.  Would definitely recommend this shoe for workouts or looks great for casual wear.", "I gave as a gift for a baby shower. Item came as expected. Quick service.The only con, I found this at a local burlington coat factory/TJ MAXX for half the price. Wouldn't purchase again, because I found lower deals.", "These were too small for my 6 year old and 9 year old wearing size 2 shoes.  Otherwise, they were okay.", "Dissapointed. Bulky pointy tip with lots of bunched up fabric. Socks should be lighweight and streamlined and fit like a glove....otherwise the risk of blisters and them just being plain uncomfortable set it. Not happy....my son is 3 1/2, wears a size 10 shoe and these SHOULD fit him....but they don't YET. Hopefully they will when he is 4 or 4 1/2. So watch the sizing ! They were too big for him.", "These socks were too small for my five year old so my three year old wears them. They are very thin socks - almost a stocking. This surprised me. I thought they would have a sturdier sport sock feel.", "My son has skinny ankles and lots of sock tend to fall down into shoes.  These socks are great because they stay up after lots of washes.  We have had other black nike socks that had different swooshes on them and it was so hard to match up all the different colors.  I was super glad these were all all white swooshes.", "Wrong pair they support of been pink and white their was sent back for t he pink and white pairs", "The shoes are great.  The only minor issue I have is that they are rather snug.  Hopefully, when they are fully broken in they'll loosen out a bit.", "I have put many miles into these shoes as a runner and have used them everyday for like 6 months or so.  I have used these shoes for everything from running a 10k, to playing volleyball, to cardio training, to basketball, to working long shifts.  My mom bought these shoes for me at Nordstrom for 59-69 dollars (currently priced for 80-90 on amazon).  As someone who has suffered with stress fractures, shin splints, and sprained ankles, I know the importance of a good shoe.  They fit really nice ever since I can remember.  Another think I like about them is they are very waterproof so if you like running in the rain this is a plus.In sum, they are very durable, comfortable, breathable yet waterproof, all around good solid shoe for all surfaces (hence flex trail).  Although I probably will not purchase another pair as I am always switching from one pair to the next, they had a good run and made me believe that Nike can compete with Asics, Brooks, and New Balance in terms of running shoes.  These are right up there with New Balance shoes I have purchased.A few cons: Foot stability can be an issue and I did get shin splints after a lot of consecutive days running.", "This umbrella replaced the earlier version of this same umbrella I bought 10 years ago when the handle unfortunately wore out.", "I bought these for work where I work in somewhat of a business casual environment. It's served it's purpose as a low key shoe yet still being sneaker. Fits well and everyone loves them.", "wore a few weeks to loosen up.part was just what I ordered and fit was great. had very good insoles would order again shipping was fast.", "I got this on sale after the new versions were released along with the new version Nike Free 3.0.  I really wanted to like them - after 5+ years and more than 1,000 miles, I'm still absolutely in-love with my Japanese release 5.0v4s, but I completely LOATHE this shoe.  The toebox is ridiculously narrow and anytime I ran more than just a couple of miles, my little toe started to fold under the others.  This got worse with mileage and swelling feet.Despite the width issue, the absolute worst part of this shoe is the fact that it does not breathe.  At all.  The \"design cover\" that forms the stars on the top layer of the shoe is a rubber/plastic-type material that greatly reduces the amount of air cooling your foot.  It's honestly so bad that no matter what the temperature, my feet started sweating within the first few minutes of putting them on and moisture wicking runner's socks didn't help because the shoe traps the heat and moisture.  At the end of even short 4-5 mile runs, the end result was almost always a new case of blisters.Nike really missed the mark on this one. Nike Free? I don't think so. They should have dubbed this one the \"Nike Baked 300*F\".", "I love Nike element half zips and this one did not disappoint! It is comfortable, fits nicely, and was a great price!", "I liked being able to located solid color Airforce 1's but had to purchase in men size which is 1 & 1/2 size smaller.  These were true to size and I love them.  Thanks,", "I usually wear a 10.5 so I ordered an 11 and the shoe still fit tight. Wore out in less than a month", "it fits a bit smaller then usual, but other then that, I think its great. love the colors, I recommend this shoe!", "bought these for my son! his second pair, he loves the colors and the fit is superb! he wears them all the time!", "I bought it as a gift for my nephew. He is teenage and recently started playing basketball. He loves the shoes and tell me he never had better shoes before.", "These are so cute. They feel nice and soft - stretchy material. Found these while looking for white booties that would go with any outfit. They are just as pictured.", "was very happy with the way the shoe fit looks great the service was even better arrived on time like the add said was very surprised about that most places say these things but never are on time i look forward to future products i would like to order thank you for the great service", "All around good shoe to consider.  It's true to size, and fit my budget.  Can't go wrong with Nike products.", "My husband likes to play bball a couple nights a week at a local men's league. A couple of his buddies got Jordan's and it was like 3rd grade all over again. I was not about to pay $130 for a pair of shoes, even though he swore &#34;they make you jump higher&#34;. Whatever, Macklemore. But I did find these for a pretty sweet deal, so I bought them for a surprise. He loves them. He struts around all over town in them. Says they required absolutely no break-in time. I don't know if they are as great as he claims, but it fulfills his grade school fantasies of basketball greatness. I guess that's worth $8o (I used some Amazon rewards points, I think they were originally $90). Wife Happy", "I rated the shoes a 2 due to the fact that they look really nice, but they are narrow and the canvas does not stretch. If you have wide feet they may be uncomfortable.", "I try to be minimalistic in my wallet and have &#34;sat&#34; on a wallet for 26 years before complaining to my wife I wanted a front pocket wallet. I have 3-4 &#34;cards&#34; in this wallet and the essentials (bank info, insurance cards, etc.). I would only give it 4 stars due to the lack of much space in the middle for cash or checks (maybe 5 bills folded in half max) but because I rarely carry cash it fits my needs perfectly. I wear this in my front jeans pocket or kakhi's at work in all different brands and it fits just fine. The cards can come loose a bit at times, but I've never had an issue with anything falling out yet. Great Christmas gift and +1 to the wife for helping my butt/back.", "Thank you very much, because I have a basketball game tomorrow. Mine is not really good.Good luck for me.Wang Yuxuan.", "They look good after months of wearing them. Even in the rain, i wouldn't reccomnd it but there was a lot of random summer storms. Anywho i have the suns colorway dolphin colorway and would get them all over again instead of anything else so far", "Great look awesome fit color red is eye popping u will stand out nice and warm perfect for fall what are u waiting for get one will not disappoint.", "It's a nice shoe, fits really nicely looks as presented but the leather seems a bit cheaply made, just my opinion.", "These are great for the little guy in your world.  The wear and wash well.  Not to mention, don't show the dirt that little feet seem to find no matter how well you clean.", "nice design and fit my foot as i expect, i love the coclor and it is cheaper than what i think", "I love my new trail shoes. The tongue of the shoe was a little different to get used to but it's great and stays in place. The heel is my favorite feature of this new shoe. I have great traction and it almost feels like cleats/spikes in the heel-once my foot lands i feel pretty solid.  The mesh in the front of the shoe makes it very breathable. The sizing is a true fit. It took me a few runs to find the perfect sock for this shoe but now i'm in love with this new addition to my Nike family.", "I bought this shoe based on reviews here on Amazon and others on running sites but this shoe is not as cushioned as the Nike Air Max which I was replacing so will not purchase again.", "I tried to break in these shoes by running 10 miler race.Did very well on the up hills and down hills without knee pain or blisters.Very durable.", "They are even more comfortable then I expected.  No complaints.  I will soon buy another pair of Nike's in a different color.", "Squishy enough to distribute the extra pounds I put on after knee surgery. Look really nice. Wish they made them without the Nike+ hole.", "Like the tri-tone black/grey/white color scheme so I thought I'd give them a try. Tried them on in-store before ordering online and it's a good thing that I did, because they definitely run a half-size small. I'm usually an 11 & 1/2 but I needed to get a 12. Got lucky on this one.", "I bought the sneakers for walking, not for running. I figured if there good for running, they will be great for walking, which they are. They are light, roomy and your feet stay cool.", "My husband saw these while we were shopping but the store did not have his size.  We came home and I ordered them from Amazon.  They are very nice shoes, just like the ones in the store and fit very true to size.", "Received ahead of schedule and fits perfectly, once again my expectations are surpassed!  I highly recommend these shoes to anyone interested in having comfortable feet!", "I was leery of purchasing this Nike. Most Nike's are way too narrow for me. This one looked wider than normal for a Nike. It fits very well and very comfortable to walk in.", "Product came as described, thanks! I have high arching feet so these sneakers were perfect for my type of foot.", "I had the Pegasus+ 29 that was the water resistant - it was an OK shoe after all the other Nike running shoes I loved were discontinued for 'cute' nike running shoes that you can't run in.  I got this pair a little over a week ago and I like them even more than the 29.  I run around two miles and I tried litterally a dozen others from Mizuno, Asics and Nike and this was right away comfy and finally not not a bright color.  Everyone likes something different but I tried more expensive Nike sent them all back.", "As an underpronator, I'm generally told to look for a running shoe that is cushioned, flexible, and has arch support but no stability features. The cushion is to offset the fact that my foot is rather rigid (which is why it doesn't roll in to the neutral position). I need impact to be absorbed, so I don't hurt myself. The flexibility is to encourage my foot to roll inward in much as it is willing to do so. And the arch support reduces the affect of impact on my arch, and as a result helps me avoid plantar fasciitis (which I have suffered from in the past).This shoe meets all the above criteria. Despite being incredibly well cushioned, it somehow also manages to be flexible in the forefoot. The middle section of the shoe wraps my foot snugly, lending arch support. I feel both secure and comfortable in this shoe. Also, this shoe is lighter than some other cushioned shoes I've tried. In short, I love it!Sizing note: My non-running shoes are all 8-8.5. My running shoes are generally size 9. I need a 9.5 in these, to get the roominess that is recommended for when feet swell during running.", "I bought these shoes for my 13 year old daughter because she needed new athletic shoes.  She loves them!  They fit great and are ultra comfortable for her - a great find!", "Love them! So glad I decided to get them, they are comfortable and cute! They were also a reasonable price!", "I won't claim to be an old pro when it comes to running as I've only been serious about it for just under two years now, but I can say this: I love these shoes.No, really.  It's got nothing to do with the pretty colors (though there ARE several combinations to choose from), but moreso with the fact that I was overwhelmingly satisfied with the shoes I was already running in (La Sportiva Helios women's), and, thinking I would never need to switch, almost didn't even give the famed Pegasus a second glance.(Cue a gift certificate to the local Running Room and enter pretty colors...)I at first hesitated to buy any shoe heavier than my Helios', however when informed that 80% of injury reported to my local store were from wearing the Nike Frees, I quickly repented.I had read reviews of the Pegasus 30's and saw they fit small and to go a half size up.  I tried my typical size (8) and then 8.5 and the reviews were spot-on.I took them home, blasted out a quick 2 miles on the treadmill and immediately called the store to inform them of my immense satisfaction with these beautiful shoes.  For one, the ride is smooth and the heels have GREAT cushion without compromising overall shoe weight.  I've been healing up a bad heel which usually becomes sore after any amount of running at all, but not this time!Over the weekend I took them out again - this time on a mix of road and trail.  After about 4 miles on the road and about 6 on trail, I decided that I still hadn't had enough so I spent my last 2 miles sprinting up and down hills near my house.  These shoes not only provided great comfort but did not rub, scratch, irritate my feet in any way and I have absolutely NO pain in my left heel, knee, or hip which has become relatively characteristic after a long run.In summary - I have some new favorite shoes.", "I always have trouble finding shoes that fit right.  Glad someone suggested these - love em!  The neutral shoes I've had in the past have never been that comfortable - it always seemed like there wasn't enough cushion.  These are perfect though.  It's a light shoe with plenty of cushion.  I had foot surgery earlier this year so my foot is still a little tender.  Since these are seamless uppers nothing rubs on the scar/surgery area.", "Squishy and light. Very nice shoe overall. My wife loves the design, the fit and colorway. Thirtieth generation. Just do it.", "These are fabulous shoes! They are lightweight & comfortable. I have been able to increase my workout b/c of great support!!", "I am a size 8.5 and bought a 9 and the shoes caused blisters. I have worn my socks with other shoes before and never had a blister problem. After a week of running/walking in it my shin started to hurt really bad. Not buying these ever again.", "Very comfortable and light. Provide excellent heel support and air heel reduces impact on the knees, ery good shoes for running, besides they look great, although yellow cords are a bit on the bright side.", "Poor quality shoe, definitely not suited for running.  Runs a little small and tight around the toes.  Really only suited for light casual wear with shorts when going to the Mall.  Sole is very cheap plastic feeling.  Mesh or light cloth top, that is thin.  Overall a waste of my money.  Off-white color too that is not that pretty.  More of a dirty white.  Not as pretty as the online picture.  Would not buy again.  Probably wind up donating them to St Vincents.  AVOID these.  Go for Nike Copious model if you like to run.", "This shoe could use a little more cushion, if you are used to those with AIR. Overall nice color combination.", "I have to admit there are some minor flaws on the shoe but they are sooooo comfortable and they are super light I would probably buy these again! Plus they look good too", "Too TOO small. i ussually wear 9 size ..but these were tight and small also, me not being a big food guy..anyway i sold them and bought some other pair 10 SIZE these are good but ...do u guys have at nike 9.5 BUT WIDE?  or just regular size", "My son finds these quite comfortable and he wears them for 8 hour at a stretch at school.They are still clean and neat after 6-8 weeks of public transportation ,school and back again.Believe me we have had some shoes/sneakers come home after one wear looking like heck.So all in all comfortable,true to size,and neat looking sneaker.I little pricey at around 80$ but that seems like the going price for Air Max.", "Comfortable rate 9 I usually wear this shoe when I go running in the morning and use it for work.", "This is a great running shoes. Very light and comfortable. I purchase for my husband as a gift and he is very pleased. Actually after he put them to try he forget that he has a shoes on his feet. Just noticed before go to bed.", "Well made and looks like it could last. This was bought as a gift and the recipient is happy with it.", "I got these shoes a few weeks ago. When they arrived they looked exactly like the photo. When i tried them on they were a little snug around the sides, but a few days later they felt perfect. These shoes are super comfortable.  I use them whenever I run or just to take a stroll. Even though they sound perfect it is really easy to get them dirty. I suggest you get a magic eraser with the shoes. I tried to wash them,but nothing changed. I love these shoes!", "Bought half sz. bigger, but like the shoe. Very light and comfortable. Did not have them long so can't comment on long term usage.", "Different manufacturer?  Is that why they cost less and the quality is lower? I paid 40$ more the ones bought at footlocker (produced in china)", "I have normal size feet so the Nike's fit well for me. Super light with lot of cushion that you can feel. Hope it stays that way.", "Very comfortable, they just stink up rather quick after like 2 months (never fails) -- and I'm not the only person who has this issue, friends even had this issue. Not sure why. No other shoes give me this problem.", "Shoe fits good, but after about 5 uses one of the shoelace straps ripped. Instead of having eyelets to put the shoelaces through (like the previous model) this one has string-like loops. We'll, one of those loops just ripped and I can't fix it. Very, very upset since it's too late to return the shoes (it's been 35 days since I purchased them). Unreliable lacing...super upset...", "they fit perfect!!! my favorite shoes since i received them. Very snug but quiet alot of support. Thank you amazon for all the suggestions for our wedding.", "I just received these shoes and wore them the day I got them.  They look great and are pretty comfy.  Thanks", "Very good product excellent sneakers, size and texture very good, comfortable to play basketball, I loved these shoes highly recommended for use", "The shoes are great...Just what i wanted and love the fact that they are light...I will be buying more..", "This shoe is made, so that when you pull the laces tight, they connect to strings that pull up around the side of your foot.  Unfortunately, the top outer string was right at my pinky toe.  It applied direct pressure to my pinky.  I only wore these shoes for an hour around the house, and my pinky toes are throbbing.  I will be sending these shoes back.  I suggest you were around the house before keeping them, in case this happens to you too.", "I expected this shoe to be pretty, but they are just like other tennis shoes I have purchased, look pretty on the site but not quite the same when received.  I wear them during my workout.  They are that comfortable, well, not to me.  The ones I purchased have stretched a lot.  I looking for a really comfortable workout shoe that is not so ugly and look like men shoes.  I want a feminine work-out tennis shoe.  I just saying.  Overall I guess they are okay.", "They were a little snug I would say to by a half size up I had to strectch and tug to get it to give but all in all it is a good running shoe", "I like the way these shoes fit and feel. They are much lighter than shoes i normally wear. Very happy with the product.", "I was looking for all black shoes to referee in and thought these might be a match.  They did not fit my foot and were not made well.", "Wonderful shoes, they fit the foot perfectly, comfortable and has a very nice color combination. I can run with them without any problem", "Bought these because my other shoes were worn out. They are very comfortable and give great arch support. I bought some Free Trainer 5.0's so I am just wearing these when I go out.Great shoes.Thanks,Rick", "Shoes fit very well, and extremely comfy to walk with. Not sure if it very ideal for gym activities, but definitly great for walking/running. The colors are very nicely put together, and can go with dark jeans. It doesn't get dirty easily.", "the shoes are comfortable, strong and look perfect! masculine and &#34;butch&#34; - young boys love it! he wears them to school, performs all his sports in them and impresses his pals! great design and brinkmanship! sport shoes that fit personality of young men!", "They fit perfectly and are really comfortable. They look as expected too. I also get compliments all the time on them. I can't complain. They are however a bit bright but I love the colors.", "Tried those before and liked it so bought ones for a morning jog. Great fit and good support, nice feel to the arch, stability during run. Just did not feel like it lasts long enough to justify price. Probably will consider in the future with couple different brands.", "this sneaker looks great, i love the colors, exactly like the image.it fits very good, but i think this shoes are a little bit narrow", "Bought them for my teenage daughter who could not find shoes anywhere that were a) comfortable & b) the &#34;color&#34; she was looking for. Wow! We found them & I'm the hero!", "I ordered these for my wife and she loves them.  She had a pair on back order at a local DSW shoe store that just came in and she decided to keep that pair as well.", "Love these shoes!! They look better in person...very cute and comfy. They fit well and I have a little toe room. A must buy!", "I would recommend these shoes to anyone.  They are extremely comfortable,  lightweight and the color is perfect.  I will probably get another color.", "These are great shoes, I love them for everyday activities and running.  Very comfortable shoes, I'm going to buy a 2nd pair.", "Loved them as soon as i saw them. Now i want every color available, I've already asked for a couple of pairs for christmas! They are very comfortable.", "I bought this for my mom and she could not be more happy, she now used it every day in her morning walk", "Time will tell how these running shoes hold up, but my first impression is great. They're much lighter on my feet than the previous Nikes I've been running with for years. I like the bright orange color, and they're very comfortable. Size was consistent with other Nike shoes I've worn.", "Most comfortable Nike's ever! Ran a 10 miler in these and feet never felt better. Must own shoes if you're on your feet for a long period of time.", "I love the color and the comfort of these shoes, however the laces are two different sizes so it makes it difficult to tie one shoe and the other is far too large,", "Bought 1/2 size larger and love the fit.  They have great support and style.  I use them on the treadmill with comfort.", "so far it's ok. still trying to break them in. not as comfortable as I had imagined reading all the wonderful reviews,but maybe I have weird feet. I think the nike frees are a little more comfortable but just a little too narrow in the front. This shoe is wider in the front, but seems stiff. Have run in them 3 times so could need a little more breaking in. I will update later", "This shoe is fantastic! It really supports the entire foot! The product looks just like the pictures online, too. If you're looking for a running shoe, this is definitely a good product.", "I love these shoes!  They are light, and fit well; great running shoes. The teal is a pretty color, and I love to put them on.", "I absolutely love this shoe. It is comfortable and fits very well. It is true to size & the color is as pictured", "I love the shoes!!! They fix perfect and they are very good for walking.;) Very soft in the inside and the colors help when walking at night.", "Super comfy and well priced. I generally love all Nike's and these are no exception. Perfect for cross training. True to size.", "I was hesitant to purchase shoes online, but I always wear a 7 1/2 in Nike so I decided to take a chance. They fit just fine and they look exactly like the picture.", "I wear these all day for my long hours at work standing on my feet. They are absolutely amazing. Extremely comfortable and a good price!!", "Had the flex trainers before these and both lasted less than 2 months. Disappointed as I would expect them to last longer. I run about 20 miles a week and these hurt my arches and do not support, leaving me with a tremendous amount of ankle and leg pain. I used to wear New Balance and not sure where I am turning for the next pair. They look good though-", "I am a Nike fan.  I liked the fact that I found these shoes on Amazon for much cheaper than what they sell for in the mall.  They are comfortable, durable and even pretty.  Get yourself a pair or two.", "This one is very awesome. It fits perfectly to me. It is a sportive shoes so i feel very active when wearing this", "This shoe is obviously very cute, I like the style. The arch support is good, and the stability while running overall is good. It doesn't feel cheap or uncomfortable. Good for running and lifting. However, I really liked my last running shows which were reebok zigs, they had more cushion.", "I absolutely love these shoes. Very comfy and light. Perfect for running. Love the colors they match everything. Love Love them.", "No trip to the mall, great cleats, fit fantastic.,..happy with the look, the quality, the fit. Very pleased and satisfied-thank you!", "I bought these as a birthday gift for my boyfriend who plays soccer 5 days out of the week. He absolutely loves these, he mentioned the first day that he wore the shoes he really had to break them in but not he said they feel great.", "I've always worn 8.5 us shoes size to play soccer and this is the first time that size is toooo small for my feet. Thats why I'm giving 3 stars though this shoes looks amazing.  ahhh and it seems to be fragile and poor quality too. these shoes are NOT resistance at all and easily could be broken... I've expected something better.I'd rather keep wearing adidas...", "My son is a ref for soccer.  He needed black cleats & we always purchase Nike.  These were a good value for the price.", "Great shoe I love the design. Excellent purchase! Would recommend to anyone. Controlling a soccer ball is very easy with these shoes!", "These shoes were as expected and the colours are even brighter in hand. They were worth every penny. They were for my little brother and all hi friends are jealous.", "I play casually and have been very happy with these new cleats. They look awesome and work as I'd expect.", "Haven't got a chance to wear yet,because the weather is turning to be more and more colder here..so, wait for the next year..it looks nice.", "You can't be wrong with Nike, this shoe is as shown in the picture. The color are nice and it glows in the dark", "usually I wear size 9.5 US Mens and have other Nike shoes but that model run too small and I mast return it", "If you read the reviews on youtube, you'll find out that these boots compare to Tiempos and Puma Kings, at a fraction of its cost. Though I've not tried the 2, I can say that these boots are amazing, even though they aren't as visually appealing.Pros:- Very good touch- Round cleats make it easy to move- Extremely good value- DurableCons- Plain looking.-", "These are the first pair of cleats I've ordered in a long time that didn't give me blisters while breaking them in. They fit very well, and I am very pleased with the way that the arch and sol support my feet.", "Beautiful.  I love my shoes & they are top quality and very comfortable. Thank you very much for these wonderful shoes!", "bad deal, expensive not like the pic small way too small for the size ordered, not happy with the purchase ..", "Really good bag built tought with enough space to fit clothes for four different days. Bought this for that same reason, school trip made me dress bussines attire so picture about 4 pairs of slacks 5 shirts 5 undies 5 pairs of socks my trusty tooth brush my shampoo (large bottle cause i got long hair and don't care) a medium blanket it incae it got chilly (Guccie mane burrr), 3 pairs of shoes and 1 pair of shancletas, plus 2 basketball shorts in case i would have balled my roomate and stuff. Just letting you know its not huge thats it wont fit nice on your lap but big enough to hold your needs and carry around about 25 pounds in my opinion. Overall great bag.", "They are super comfy and so cute!  I get tons of compliments on them.  Would definitely buy more colors in this style.", "Shoe fit according to size is really comfortable and looks way better than the picture makes it look. Would definitely recommend.", "Sporty and Casual, and you can also pull these shoes off a little dressed up. I love them and am very happy with this buy.", "Should have ordered a half size bigger but great shoe if not for the discounted cost on other web sites.", "I was expecting more cush but the air bladder beneath the sole was too stiff for my taste. also the shoe was only available in standard [too narrow] width despite the size [15] so I must wear skinny socks for my feet to fit inside of it. it is too costly and too much trouble to send them back so I am stuck with them. maybe I will find somebody else with long but skinny feet who can wear them. that would extract utility from the jaws of futility, at least.", "Bought these for my husband and he loves them.  The shox makes the shoe very comfortable for walking.  The color is somewhat reflextive for when he is walking.  Great shoe!  Bought a size larger  for a heavier sock and it worked great", "Love the look of the shoe. Size fits well also. The only draw back is that they are on the thin side. If you have a wide foot they may be too small. I have been wearing them and they seem to stretch a little.", "have received my nike shox 2013: color Black / Blue and it's COOL! Color combination, comfy and stylish.Nike Men's Air Shox 2013 Running Shoes", "Shoes fit and feel great. My only complaint with this colorway description is extremely misleading. &#34;Atomic Red&#34; is actually pink, although in the pics it appears red. It's nothing that a red Sharpie marker can't fix though.", "Hey these are very comfortable shoes. You may want to buy these as you don't have to lace your shoes. Great for walking.", "Don't start everybody buying this one so I can stay originall!! :) really it's a great comfortable shoe. It fits perfect! The only thing is that the atomic red is more like a fuschia than red. Hope the stripes in the back last long. Overall is very nice and comfy.", "I ordered these for my husband, a big runninig shoe fanatic. Now, all his friends and nephews are quite jealous. They are a hit! Good quality and very good price! No one in our area has this style!", "The shoes were for my husband,he loves them.They are very comfortable,fits great.Excellent item, very well protected , arrived in record time, arrived in perfect condition,very pleased with this purchase!! Thanks a lot!", "Nike Men's Air Turf Raider Wolf Grey/Black/Drk Gry/Tm Orng Training Shoes nice fits sweet totally good love them! i recommend these guys", "I love shoes from leather, as used to train in the gym. Good head shoe, very comfortable and look cool. I made a great purchase.", "My son hates to shop with me!! Granted he is 23 and claims I have been embarrassing him in malls for 20 years. He particularly hates sneaker shopping and has been purchasing the same style and brand for 5 years. He puts a lot of miles on his sneakers,  I assume avoiding all the women who are chasing him. Coincidentally this style also runs loose. Black is the perfect color for business casual during the day and for the hip coffee shop near his apartment, which he avoids because of the pricey coffee. He is practical, frugal, hates to shop and single!This review should teach him to go shopping with his mother!!!", "My son loves them and asked me to do a nice review for them. The boots fit well and he claims they make it easier for him to shoot and pass.", "we tried these on before we bought here...$20 cheaper than found at a local store. package was crushed, but not a real isse since we were not returning.", "We got these for flag football and soccer once he started to run fast enough to actually slip on the field.  These are flexible and soft enough for his feet.  They fit as expected.", "I like the way it fits and it holds up in the wash. Seeing wear i am; it stands the laundry test", "I tried to change the size I rebaught it in bigger size, thank u for the service  It was a pleasure", "Got these for back to school for my 12 yr old.  He really likes them.  The fit was good and we'll probably get Nike's again.", "Basketball shoes for my son and he has not complained about them.  Seem to offer the support that he needs.", "These fit well , they are really nice in terms of style. My husband says I did good for the 1st time he's happy too. These are true to size and I would order another pair.", "I bought these as play/school shoes for my 5 year old son. They are very nice, good support around the ankle for those crazy activities boys love to get into and easy to clean. They also look good in both slacks and jeans.", "I love Nike sneakers for my toddler, they are comfortable for him and give him great support and non slip soles. I had taken him previously to a children's shoe store and they properly measured him and got him his first pair of Nike's there. These Nike's fit exactly as the first pair did so I am very happy with the sizing.", "my lil girl saw thes had to have them ! they fit good and wears them everday to school and they are holding up", "I usually wear 6.5 & these fit perfectly. I only wear Nike's because they're the only sneakers that are not too wide or too narrow for my feet.These are very light plus they are not high so they don't bother my ankles. The overall quality is pretty good. I would definitely buy them again.", "They are so cute. The color is perfect and they fit as expect! All people ask form them. I love them.", "The first time I wore these to the gym I was asked where I got them and complimented on them. I absolutely love these shoes, they for comfortably and look great. Additionally, they were shipped far quicker than expected and the customer service was great. Would definitely recommend and buy again!", "Not only the look but the fit is so confortable that my wife just loves them! The animal print laces are really cool.", "I love how these shape to my feet! They are the most comfortable running shoes I own. They are awesome!", "I bought this shoes for my fiancee he totally love it. He was so happy when he saw it and so was I. We went to Florida for vacation so many compliments it may it worth while. Im glad I bought it as a gift for him.", "fit is the same as other nike shoes.  I have a bad back and a bad hip, these shoes just made a 10 day trip to disney world, with out them I would not have been able to do as much of the parks as I did.  The air sole is perfect for absorbing the impact of walking on pavement.", "I love these shoes.  The air sole is good for my back and my feet.  It doesn't compress over time.  The problem I'm having now is that I'm about to wear a hole through one of the shoes (blowout) and once that happens the pair is no longer.  I'm trying to extend the life with shoe-goo now.  They look great, feel great, and almost no one has a pair.  It's an investment, but I would probably purchase another pair.", "I got these for my birthday. Did not purchase from Amazon. It is a very comfortable shoe. But after only 2months the thin fabric on the upper shoe got a hole. So I got another pair. After a short time same problem. Sent my shoes to nike who decided that it was an outside abrasion that caused the shoe to wear out.so they did not honor there warranty. I fixed the holes my self. Still an incredibly comfortable shoe. But will be trying the sketchers sketch air very soon.", "They fit fine, I don't feel like they are much of a trainer shoe. The bottom is already falling apart and I wear them maybe once a week. I've had them about a month or so.", "These are the most comfortable sneakers. Light weight and perfect fit. Great quality and delivery was right on time. I now own 3 pairs of this style. Love the colors!", "Tennis equipment is expensive. These shoes were a better bargain on Amazon than elsewhere. They are day glo orange and look like they should glow in the dark. But overall a good value.", "bought these for my daughter , she on the girls basketball team ,she loves them it was cheaper the going to the mall ,they were here in a couple of days you cant beat that.", "agrables shoes very comfortable with great colors and design for jogging and happy with the purchase has very good style", "They fit well and are very comfortable. It did take me couple of days to \"break them in.\" However, I think they are a great alternative to Hyperdunk and other overhyped Nike products.", "I was surprised by the light weight but the support. I have  bad feet and I've been able to walk regularly.", "These shoes will turn heads because they are hyper neon.  Also, very comfortable to wear around and doesn't have a very high arch so it feels very stable.", "they was exactly what my nephew needed. he needed shoes for marching band practice these was great shoes for school too.", "Was excellent just what I expected. No issues with this what so ever highly recommended to shoe lovers.  thanks much appreciated", "I like the look. I like the comfort. I like the feel. This is more for weights that something super lightweight (although it is still pretty light). Very nice and stable.", "This is one great looking sneaker a real head turner !!! It does fit a little snug,but I would guess that probably wearing it more and more will loosen it up...overall it still feels really good on the foot,and I absolutely love the way it looks...and so do others !!!", "These are great shoes, but the color is somewhat problematic.  First of all, they're hot pink.  That does not really come across in the pictures.  Second, all of the straps are not the same shade of hot pink, which would seem to be a QC problem.  If I wasn't perfectly secure in my own masculinity, I might not wear them.", "I love these tennis shoes but the way the heel is made has been causing me problems where it's friction against my ankle has created a very uncomfortable bleeding sore! I thought maybe it's just me at 1st, and maybe it is, but, I've never had a sneaker/shoe do that before; none of my others do. So I believe that perhaps a lower or less stiffer ankle support area is needed on these", "I haven't warn them yet.  the seem to fit ok when I tried the on.  there could be more color in the shoe.", "I had an old pair of 6.0 mogan mid 2s that were brown suade which sadly they don't make anymore. I use these shoes for downhill (mtb) races and for dirt jumping/bmx and they work great on pedals.after you break the, I'm they fit like a glove and are extremely comftortable. The best part is that they're crazy strong, too.", "This is an an excellent fit, very feminine, light, and most importantly keeps me dry during running and cross fit training. I have three in different colors.", "Top quality shoe, they run a little small however. Buy a half size larger than you normally wear. FYI, they might fit a little better.", "I loved these shoes when I saw them online.. and I love them even more in person.  I'm not a huge purple fan.. but these are really nice and funky! Love!", "I got a compliment the first day I wore these :)Very comfortable and easy on the eyes, well they are an eye catcher.", "Bought them for my 15-year-old brother and he loves them! They're eye-catching, this color makes everyone looking at them. They really are different than the models you see in the stores or on the streets,", "My shoes are very comfortable and they fit really great! The shipping  process was not a problem at all. It was immediate & better than expected.", "i must say these are a nice pair of shoes, they are comfortable and the colors are very nice, overall a great buy.", "Nice wallet.  Good quality and exactly as described.  My son wanted a different one, but we couldn't find it any more.  Bought this one and he loves it.", "Very comfortable pair of kicks that looks great with the right pair of jeans. Lookin to cop some retro 89's soon.", "The coloar scheme is sick with these ones. The material may stain from wearing pants with these kicks. I'd buy another pair just for the future.", "way way too high priced. look good. fit boyfriend nice and match everything. just way to expensive for a regular shoe they sell in the city for $65", "Excellent wicking polo. Length is good, color great and has a sharp look.  Very cool to wear in the heat.", "I LOVE THESE SHOES! I have always been a fan of the classic Nike Air Force 1. They are some of the most comfortable shoes I have ever owned. And these look awesome with the black and court purple, I have already received quite a few complements on them. Great ankle support too!", "can't go wrong with Air force 1, looks great.  i would love to wear this when i goto club but i don't.it gets so dirty in the club cuz people step on shoes...", "I am very pleased with these shoes. They are very comfortable and make walking a great deal easier. I'm not in such a hurry to kick them off when I reach home!!!", "I ordered these shoes because I was looking for something light weight and comfortable to wear to work. I am on my feet all day on hard floors at a hospital and these shoes are very comfortable and fit great. They offer great support on the heel, too. I added Dr. Sholl's Active Series inserts to them because I have recently started wearing them in all of my shoes due to knee pain and I have been pain free since! Definitely a great value for the money, and I would order them again!", "I work 12 hour nursing shifts in these shoes. My feet don't hurt a bit. I want more colors in this shoe.", "The  &#34;Nike&#34; Team Girl's USA Olympic Long Sleeve Shirt is NOT Nike as advertised. There is NO Nike swoosh or Nike tag or label to back up this claim. It is counterfeit! Extremely disappointed in the misrepresentation and unethical practice this seller portrays,", "Very beautiful shoes! Nice look and good quality. I tried on and it's very fit. Jumping can be more higher with the air room inside.", "I have never seen a sole like the one on this shoe.  It is hard to describe, but the sole is so narrow that it is almost like a ballet sole.  There is virtually NO support.  No Arch support, No ankle support.  I wanted it for dancing but I would not take the risk of injuring my ankle.  The shipping to and fro is the rotten icing on a bad cake.", "Beautiful Nike's , my husband loved it. Fits perfect and very confortable. Colors are very bright! Love it, Thank you", "The Nike Men's NIKE AIR MAX 2013 EXT RUNNING SHOES, are the perfect running shoes for those who look for a light and stable shoe.", "I bought the Nike Lunar Glides for my son and they are really great shoes.  I don't think people should rate a product based on the shipper.", "Giving 4... and not 5 ...cos i like other fitting better...But i really like this shoes... they are nice looking and comfortable", "This sneaker is nice and pretty comfortable, but the sole is not as soft as some of the other sneakers that I have had in the past. It looks good and has good ankle support, but if you're looking for a soft and cushioned sole this shoe is not for you. Overall it is a good basketball sneaker and it looks with jeans for a night out.", "I have worn Nike Air shoes for 30 years.  I LOVE them because they fit my foot, feel SO good and have an incredible, spongy bounce.  When I saw these Retro Red running shoes, I ordered them asap.  I got them today and was so disappointed.  The material of the shoes is hard . . . practically rock hard . . . next to no flexibility.  There is ZERO bounce to these shoes - ZERO.  These are cosmetically cute shoes but don't kid yourself . . . they aren't for running.  They were also larger than normal.  I ALWAYS order a Nike 8.  This time . . . too large.  WHAT?  Sending them back.", "Fit as expected and lots of stability around the heel.  Would purchase product again.  Red is gorgeous with a little sparkle.", "these thongs are super comfy- light, fit well to my feet, and feel good on the bottom of my feet.", "I only use the shoe for casual outings but have enjoyed the comments from people about how cool they look. recommend to everyone.", "Have a pair of these and they are by far the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn. The size fits true to size and has good neutral fit. Very light and cushions your run very well. Have ran in a half marathon in these without issue. Tread wears a little quicker than other shoes but otherwise great shoes.", "Had these for about 2 weeks now. Just started running again and needed something that would make it easier for me to get back into shape. Couldn't ask for a better shoe. Lightweight. Great cushion. Durable and stylish. I would recommend this shoe to anyone.", "The are incredible expensive. but they are also incredible comfortable. I am really happy with them. you can easily put them on and the feet gets enough air", "RIDICULOUSLY lightweight, good cushion and support. They're definitely some of the best running sneakers out there.I own Mizuno Wave Prophecy and ASICS Kensei 4. This shoe stands firm among them in terms of build quality and comfort. It comes with a lower price tag as well.The seller is very cooperative, and he made sure the shoe was delivered as agreed.", "It fits just as expected and the color is a deep bright green. Its a nice green color. My wife bought them for me and they go great with my outfits.", "I bought theses sneakers for work (work 12 hours on my feet per shift) and they are fantastic.  I have another pair that I use to walk/jog at a dirt trail and they performed fabulous. Very comfortable and great material.", "My husband had some of these when we got married but he tends to be cheap and did not want to spend so much on socks ;-) I do not tell him the price of my clothes.  So  I buy them for him from time to time and they make him happy.  I thank god he is so easy.", "Socks were thinner than expected and not enough cushion on the bottom.  Have worn other brands that offer better quality at less cost", "Been wearing these socks for a week and they are very nice. They are soft and thick. For the price you cant go wrong. I had some Hanes socks before and these are better.", "So far, these are holding up, albeit its only been a couple of months.  They are better than the Hanes I normally get at Target, but am not sure they are worth the extra price&#8230;remains to be seen.", "OK, I just read my title for the review and it made me laugh just a little.  Sorry, no improper connotation meant by that title!!I purchased these socks for my son at the same time I purchased New Balance for my husband.  These socks have held up well.  They have not shrunk or lost the elasticity around the top.  They do not have holes in them yet. (That is a small miracle with my son wearing them) The New Balance have not held up nearly as well.  The one complaint that I do have about the Nike socks is that they sole does not have much cushion left at this point.  It has not worn through to holes, but just is very thin.", "They were awfully thin.  Not thick and &#34;Moisture-Wicking&#34; as described.  For being a big brand name they didn't come up to por.", "The only reason I gave it 2 stars was because I anticipate my return going through.  Very surprised at the poor feeling of these out of the bag.  Very tight (and I have small feet/skinny legs) and very rough.  Out of the bag?! Went into big 5 and bought a 6-pack of Wilson All Sports.  Super happy.  $14.99.", "I love the look of the shoes.  Sizes are just a little off.  Need about a 1/2 size bigger.  Other than that, I love them.", "I really love my shoes its just what i wanted could not be more happy you guys are the best i have a lot more money to spend  by you guys.", "I Was Anticipating For These Jays and They Were Everything I Was Seeking For In These Retro 13's. Im Like The Only Dude On My Block That Coped These Jays . And For 70 Dollars Cheaper! Great Deal Thanks F.S. Fashion!", "Grandson's only wear these kind of socks. Made well and the fit is excellent . Colors are exactly as stated.", "They look great and fit very well.  My fashion-consious, athletic son wears them often.  I would definitely buy them again.", "The color is right, the fit is great. I would recommend these shoes to anyone. Great Buy!!If you looking for a good pair of shoes get these.", "These are amazing shoes great colors fit perfect if you like these you have to get the elites with them", "The white part is not bright white at all, more like a tan! They are neat looking shoes for women. They are one of those shoes that look better on the feet than the shelf.", "If used to walk they hurt the feet. Great for running but not for mixing with walking or other sports.", "Dope!!!! Soon as I seen these they screamed buy me now..Nike never fails on style & comfort & the colorway is beyond cool", "These nike airmax are pretty nice..  They are very comfortable, pretty light  and the mix of pink colors are really nice. I got lots of compliments. I would recommend this shoe!", "I can't be clear enough in telling a future buyer of the Powerline shoe that you will end up with a sturdy great looking shoe! It works great as a shoe to wear for daily activities and also a great fitness shoe. The shoe arch support was flatter than I expected but nothing to complain about as it fits my foot very well. The color also makes it a great fitness shoe because you don't have to worry about it showing its wear and tear if you are doing trail running or mountain biking. Overall, for me, I would recommend this shoe to anyone whose looking for a stylish athletic shoe or a great fitness shoe. Kudos to Nike for making this shoe!I wish though that they would bring back the original Powerline in some more color designs, or at least make it easier to order from stores!", "I ordered these for my use in Afghanistan--the \"shower shoes\" sold in the PX have razor-thin straps that twist and cut into your feet!  The straps on these Nikes are thick and comfortable!  There has been no tendency for the straps to \"pull through\" the sole of the sandal--these are very sturdy sandals.  I am definitely taking them with me when I leave this place!  The sizing, by the way, is perfect!", "I was not a runner until I found this shoes.Now I love jogging.It made a difference in my feet and ankles.", "I love these shoes they fit great and look awesome i am so glad i bought these no problems at all.", "These are easily the best pair of basketball shoes I've bought in my life. They fit perfectly and weigh close to nothing! I also get endless compliments about them.", "The first time i put them on i thought they were too tight but then i realized it was meant to fit to your feet. it's a great shoe, very comfortable and not bulky at all. beautiful color, i want to get the atomic teal as well!", "This shoes are wonderful, they arrived on time and they where what i expected, but i will say the price is still a little steep.  They are quite sturdy.", "Shoes looks very good and feels comfortable. only downfall i may say is that some people might not like the shiney material on the shoe. I would recommend this shoe to anyone, its very light on your feet and again extremely comfortable.", "Product is just as described - and even the pants were not too long as so many other track suits. thinking about buying another one in a different color.", "Never did I see this color combination in a vintage Nike Cortez shoe.  The pair I bought are awesome and they are authentically constructed.  I dig the way the heel is rounded, not squared like the later versions.  These are the best!!!", "Good fit, true to size!  My son loves these and wears them everywhere!They came to the house in a timely manner.  I will order from them again!", "Definitely bnew and right size! Love it! Can't believe i'm wearing a kid's shoe. I am female and 30y/o but have men's size us 7 so size GS 7Y is just about right! Bang for the buck.", "Purchased these for my son and when we received them they had a BIG Bright Hot Pink NIKE name on the other side.", "Light weight and easy to put on a small child's foot. I recommend this for any boy. A Must Have.", "I suddenly became a sneaker head for my son. I love these shoes. They wash and cleanup really good for toddlers. This is his 2nd pair and I will be buying a 3rd pair when he grows out of these.", "DO NOT BUY THESE THERE KNOCKOFFS OF THE REAL PRODUCT BUT THEY DONT SAY THIS IN THE DESCRIPTION THEY MAKE IT OUT TO LOOK LIKE THE REAL THING!!", "We got them for a friend gift, they size 0-6 but fits better when the baby is around 3 months old or around 12lbs +.", "finally, we were on a mission trying to find something similar in local stores and had no luck!thanks to amazon we found what we were looking for and are excited to put it on our baby girl", "it is such a great shoe.each time i wear it it only displays the classic authenticity of this shoes.i love it", "100% recommend this purchase to all! Great shoes, extremely comfortable and am always getting compliments on them. They came in perfect condition except slight dirty soles that led me to believe someone had tried them on perhaps. (Would have given 5 starts)  Overall, great shoes and fast delivery!", "Awesome and comfortable, buy one size up to fit though. I wear a 9 and bought a 10, perfect fit", "I am a size 9.5 regular, and I bought these online and when they arrived they were too small but silly me, I thought they would stretch and had a hard time believing that a size 10 was too small for a 9.5.So I wore them without sock first and while wearing thin socks was better, I am sure that the 11 would fit better, but it's crazy.Do not buy these online, you have to try them on first", "I love Jenoskis.  These shoes just feel great to wear whether skateboarding or not.  You can just feel how the shoe contours to your foot.  They all seem to have some tightness around the start of your toes, but that breaks in with time.  I have a pair from 2011 that have a really tough material and still retain their figure even after taking them up a few different mountains.  These ones are made of canvas or suede and don't look like they will retain as long.", "It is a warm piece of clothe, and very comfortable to make excercise and tu run with. Aditionally it fots very good!. Ideal for running in cold weather. Colors look really cool!", "I like it that it has a feminine cut and a good fabric. Cleans really easily and also dries very fast. All and all, if you need an extra workout shirt, please know that I as a user love it and hopefully it will be a good match for you also. It does run a bit big, but in time everything shrinks (except our bodies--lol", "My 11 year old loves this style. They are very light weight. He is really particular about shoes & comfort - this was a great fit. The neon is quite bright - he thinks its kind of awesome. They are pretty cool.", "I wear US men's size 10. Med. is too small. Sizing chart doesn't relate sock size to shoe size. Beware, this item is sold by a UK based store called &#34;Shoe Place&#34;. If you get the wrong size, you have to pay for return shipping which is more than the item cost.", "I got these shoes for playing intramural flag football.  They fit pretty snug compared to the casual Nike shoes I own in the same size.  When I tied them tight though it felt like they slid around on my foot a bit when I made hard cuts.  The shoes still worked well for what I purchased them for, they were a huge improvement over tennis shoes.  If you are getting them for soccer though it is worth noting that the toe of the shoe is pretty soft, only the heel and bottom of the shoe are rigid.", "its very small I can't play fot ball with it because it is very small I if you can get it back its will be cool", "My son plays college football and needed a replacement pair of cleats for natural turf.  He picked these specifically and says he's very happy with these.  He is an inside linebacker and wanted a 3/4 shoe for ankle stability but also needed a shoe that didn't weigh a ton.  He's pleased.", "These shoes are rad. Fit as expected and feel like wearing socks for shoes. Would recommend to anyone looking for something casual with some heal support.", "These are great looking but they are on the small side. Order one size up. They are too tight around the ankle, leaves mark baby's skin.", "Just what I expected.......at basketball shoes Nike is the best of the best, those shoes are perfect for my training basketball sessions", "Arrived in original package and in new condition! I love them!!! The picture as seen on Internet was true to real life seeing the shoes.", "Didn't look how i suspected them to look. The Suede was terrible and the fit was okay. I wouldnt recommend and i wouldnt repurchase. I would return if i had the time but oh well whatever. Not purchasing from them again", "WickedAwesomeShoes... Really like the fit, the feel, the look and the looks I get wearing them. Errrr'body jealous! Get a pair", "The shoes are great. The only problem is the back of the shoes rub against the back of my legs. Hopefully they break in over time.", "The sole of the right shoe came off. I had to take it to a shoe shop to get it fixed. The other shoe is coming apart now so I guess I will just donate them to the salvation army or throw them in the trash. Be careful when you buy this item.", "however it is somewhat large ,i love the nike bruin , i saw them for the first time back in 1984 here in venezuela and i felt in love ,them i saw them at back to the future movie and i knew it were going to be a classic ( super clasico) white and red perfect match color for them ,but we were poor so my parents  could not afford them , now i am 43 years old and had the opportunity to buy it and don't hesitate im glad to receive them after all this trouble here ,it was like a movie as we used to say here in venezuela ( fue la pelicula para comprarlas pero lo logre)  , however i think i can not use it, because i purchased them wrong (10.5), and i am 9 or 9.5  ,  why i posted them 5 star? because they did an excellent job ,i hope they bring more of this nike bruin to buy the right size 9 or 9.5, thanks SneakerRx ...i recommended SneakeRx to all costumers at amazon community", "I order these shoes for my daughter, But when we received them they were shiny (patent leather look).  My daughter said they did not fit, so I returned them.", "These shoes are perfect, exactly what i expected when i got them.i love the texture and color schemethank you amazon", "I bought these shoes for my stepdaughter for Christmas from Finish Line for $59.00, and they're surprisingly cheap for Nikes in my opinion.  They run small and pretty narrow as well.  I would never pay $180 for a pair of shoes, and if so it had better be a pair from Nike ID!  They are really magenta in color, and the soles get scummy fast because of their dirt-attracting white plasticy-ness.  The 'crackle' look on the body of the shoe is really unflattering to my eyes; it's got no depth so it just looks like someone sneezed some pink of the exact same color of the rest of the shoe.  All in all, I'd suggest getting a different pair of Nike shoes, and definitely DON'T PAY $180!!!  Just Google \"Nike Free 5.0 v4 511281 101\" and you'll find them at Finish Line, third search down on the list for $59.", "Came in the box very clean. Had to cut off some threads sticking out. Overall good quality and just needs to be cleaned if worn a lot.", "I got this for my boyfriend. He absolutely loves it. Great fit..true to size. The color is very vibrant and the quality is unbeatable.", "I recently got a knee injury and just couldn't ever get comfortable. I have 3 other pairs of Nike Free Runs, all various versions of the 5.0. These are on my feet all day. I've only run short distances in them, but so far they perform well. I am going to order another pair and stick them in the closet, just because this particular model is so perfect for my situation.", "The shoe was to small, returned but I am going to order my son another pair. He stated they were very comfortable. I might be buying myself a pair as well.", "These are great shoes for working out and doing some light running.  Very light and comfortable.  Black with grey is cool colour scheme as well, swoosh is a much more subtle grey than it looks in the photo&#8212;better in person.", "Been buying this brand for years and have a hard time finding my size. Glad to have found them and at a great price.", "like a glove, oh!, thats what she said! no but seriously the shoe fits, so im wearing it! oh! and the jokes just keep on coming!", "It runs big.. my 15yr old son plays basketball, but he will not be able to play in these.  They will be for fashion only.", "This is a comfortable stylish feminine sneaker a must have ladies I have all colors..go out and get yours  today", "My son immediately loved these and so do I. They're cute, stylish and sturdy with as always excellent Nike quality. They also clean off easily, which is an excellent quality for a toddler shoe. Love them!", "I don't usually but expensive shoes but I couldn't resist these and the color, so I decided even after some skeptical reviews to buy from this seller, I am no expert but I was very wary or skeptical myself and at first I opened them and them closed the  box in utter disbelief, I THOUGHT THEY WERE FAKE BECAUSE I WAS TOLD THAT ALL FIVES HAVE#23 ON THE SIDE, BUT AFTER COUNTLESS YOU  TUBE VIDEOS I WAS A BELIEVER THAT THESE WERE REAL. J'S THE GRAPES IN WHITE AND AS WELL AS THE BLACK ONES DO NOT HAVE 23 ON THE SIDE BUT DUE HOWEVER HAVE TWO THOUSAND THIRTEEN, WRITTEN ON  THE TONGUE ON THE INSIDE, THE THE COLORS ARE CORRECT, ONLY SKEPTICAL NOTE WAS THAT THERE WAS NO RETRO CARD IN THE BOX, BUT FROM WHAT I REVIEWED  THAT THIS IS NOT A DEFINITIVE STATEMENT TO SAY A JORDAN IS FAKE, AND THE BOX IS LEGIT!", "I haven't bought sneakers in a while. I had to up in size since I wear an 11 but they fit well (11.5)", "This shoe arrived and looks very similar to the Nike Inneva Woven but minor differences had me wondering, the fit was the true tell. Basically the shoe I had gotten had the back of the heal sitting back over the edge of the sole causing a very painful sensation of the edge of the edge of the sole cutting into my heal. The upper of this shoe was also incorrectly made being way too tight to allow a foot to properly go into it. It was almost as if they had used the sole of a size 13 shoe and tried to make it into a 14.", "I love these right here. Fit just how my feet like them. It came on expected date. The color goes with any outfit I got", "my wife love it , the packaging was great , fit as expected , the color is shiny red, looks wonderful", "Dont get burned by some of these buyers. Nike store has these on sale all time for 65$. Buying them on nike will assure you quality at a better price. Dont get scamed", "These are some awesome shoes, very eye catching, however after reading some reviews online, i found that they run small, so I decided to get an extra half number, they still fit small, hopefully the more I use them the more they'll fit better. I'm planning to buy an extra pair but in different color so i'm planning to buy 1 extra number than the one I regularly use", "I bought these shoes for my son. The price is what I like the most. They were $165 and up in the store but I got them for less. I'm always looking for a great bargain. Saving money always put a smile on my face!!!", "I like it.I gave my husband this shoes for a gift.It's comfort and good shoes.My husband likes it very much.", "My son was very  happy with his new Max Lebron X shoes.  He has enjoyed wearing them.  They are great quality and just what we expected.", "i like my new lebron shoes coll !!! look amazin there so fresh men 100% confortable and nice look peace", "I purchased these for my 1st grandchild because my son is a fan of anything Jordan.  This is his first baby and my first grandchild.  I had wanted a smaller size but unfortunately this was the smallest I could get and this was the only style I wanted so I had no other option.  Hopefully, he has big feet, not really but this was the cutest of the crib shoes and so size was not the determining factor; style was.  They are very cute but the baby is not born yet so of course they are too big!!!! My son is a fan of anything Jordan so I'm sure he will be happy and I can already see him stuffing the toes and putting the shoes on the baby anyway!!!  They are made well and with the Velcro opening they will be easy to put on and take off.", "The colors are the same as the picture and the size fits well. It is beautifull and everyone asks where to buy it.", "Nike Shox are the best shoes I have owned.  Be prepared the color is bright. Love these shoes and very comfortable.", "Lovely shoes! And they shine from far. Love shox! Best line so far. Also they make you look much taller.", "I use nike shox since 2007 and this is the best tennis for me. This one in particular is extremely beautiful - the same way it apears in the photo.", "Just bought the item.  Looks like it is good value for money.  Liked the colour.  We will know the quality only after a few months of usage.", "I love these Nike lady pro printed Capri running tight. I love the style and color. Just wish they were tighter.", "I wear a 10 in all my other nike shoes.  These fit like a 9 3/4 if there was such a thing.  I don't think they are a half size small, but they aren't true to the other nikes", "I was looking for longer shorts for a girl with large butt. these are longish but not long enough and with a large butt these tend to bee too short in the inseam so the front is too tight.", "I have potentially purchased 100+ pair of Nike shoes.  My feet are a solid 9.5 and a Nike 10 normally fits me perfectly.  These shoes run small - so I needed to go to 10.5.  The shoe's upper is extremely structured - more like a regular shoe than a sneaker - but that's not a bad thing.  I wear them to the office, and to teach at a University - and not to exercise.  The reason I bought them was the 'weave' does look professional (in and around campus) - with the blue sole looking slightly stylish.  Other than the size issue - the shoes wear and feel like Nike's = PERFECT.", "I Love Love Love Love Love these shoes, they make feel like I'm wearing high heels they are so pretty, so many people love them also, the pattern it great", "how do I know what size shoe to choose for a child(girl) who wears a size 9 in shoes, but the shoe size is in little kids", "This has been the worst Basketball shoe I ever purchased.  Two weeks after receipt several of the plastic black areas had unglued.  The orange sole had separated.  I had bought other Lebron editions and were great, but the quality of this one is horrible.", "Only complaint it that the soles are cheapky made and are starting to wear down too quickly, other than i love them.", "The product was not the quality that I I expected from Nike. The shoes are uncomfortable. I will wear them anyway but will not enjoy it to the extent expected.", "Grandson loves this shoe.  It is stylish and durable for a rough housing male child.  I would recommend this shoe if you are looking for a cost effective stylish shoe for todays fashionista kids.", "I use these shoes to do Turbo Fire indoors. They give me enough range of movement so that I feel comfortable with my workout.", "the product is being returned the heel on the left shoe cuts into my foot even though it is the correct size could be the hard outer layer the shoe is made of.", "These are Great Cleats - Using them for Ultimate Frisbee.  They are Getting the job done.  Would order again next time.", "They look great but unfortunately they were to tight.  We ended up buying at another store but look forward to our credit.", "Great fit a little snug at first but the second time I wore them they were great and comfortable. Excellent customer service", "I'm happy with them now, at 1st they were kinda hard to get used to up at the toe, I like them and wear them all of the time, very comfortable!", "I've been wearing nike shox for about five years now and I've loved them but this shoe is terrible! I don't know if it's because this has less cushioning or what but I've worn them three times now and I'm still feeling pain in the bottom of my heels. These shox are super hard. Nothing like my previous nike shox. I'm starting to wonder if these are Chinese clones.", "I got this item as a gift for my brother who is in Dubai. He loved it immediately. He was so thrilled after wearing it that he never took it off except for the office and going to bed. It's still on him. It's been 3 months now.", "got this shoe can't say if i made the mistake or not but when the shoe reach it was a half size to small, so i'll have to get it sell and see about get thing  another shoe..", "Very confortable and light. It feels like I'm not using shoes.Definetely one of the best basketball shoes I have bought.", "somewhat new but yet they seemed to be tried on in store which i did not like so much at all!!", "These shoes fit great.  They have an elastic type inner glove that wraps around the foot and keeps the shoe in place as you move.  Feels like walking on air because you are.", "Son loves his shoes and just what he needed for football. He states are comfortable and wears well. Thanks you", "Lunar Air force fit just like regular Air force. A truly amazing and stylish shoe. Air Force 1 run a little big.", "their is not thing bad i can say about this shoe it fit great i just love how this shoe fit the colour was the right one...", "This is a very nice shoe it came right on time as said it would and every where I go people stare at my feet lol...buy buy buy if u can worth every pennies", "everyone's on these sneakers and the color just makes them very noticeable. I love them. I think for the price you I couldn't have gotten a better pair of shoes anywhere.", "I love the air max 95s, and im a sneakerhead in general. I love this color scheme because it just screams different!!! Besides being a beautiful shoe its super comfortable because the airmax 95 forms to your foot. It matches my clothes , looks sexy on my feet, and is comfy, no complaints here.", "AWESOME I ENJOY THESE KICKS AND FRESH NOT DIRTY AT ALL. I WOULD WANT TO ORDER ANOTHER PAIR FROM AMAZON", "That's a picture of the White/Cement Grey Air Jordan 3 but it's listed as the Fire Red shoes that just came out last month.  So which is it?  The shoe in the picture is worth $349, but the Fire Reds aren't nearly that rare.", "These are the most comfortable shoes Nike ever made. It's too bad they do not continue making me huarache as they once did back in the early 90s and now again in 2012. The colors are great!", "This is the second of this exact shoe I purchased a year ago for my birthday.  I've discovered that Nike running shoes no longer fit me to size.  I've been a solid 10 all my life, and still wear a 10 in all other shoes and boots.  But with Nike running shoes (note I don't have a problem with basketball shoes), I've had to &#34;size up&#34; to a 10.5.  Most brick & mortar retailers do not sell 10.5, so I've had to go internet.  These shoes are very comfortable and I like the colors very much - what you see is exactly what you get.  Also I've never seen anyone else with this shoe in this color - I like that!  They do seem to be a dirt magnet this time around, but maybe I'm running more!", "These pics are of my shoes. (Thats my black Sectional too )lol THESE ARE NOT THE ONES YOU WILL BE RECEIVING I PROMISE. :))", "What a great shirt. Light and stretchy material make for easy movement, important in a golf polo. Size was standard for nike. Pity they don't make this style anymore.", "I bought this for my friend and he loves it.....it fits well looks great came brand new will buy sneakers from this supplier again!!!!", "The socks purchased were not the size that I thought they were. The site listed them as OS (one size) but indeed they were not. They are too small for my son and we had purchased two pairs. I notice this is a problem with sellers on the Amazon site.", "Using them to play basketball very good sneaker. Would buy again. Don't know what else you want me to say?", "I saw this jacket in person in London, England & loved it; but the store did not have my size. When I found it on here I had to buy it! When I opened it and saw it knew it was not the same jacket that is pictured. Mine is very similar but the picture is incorrect or the sent me the wrong one?", "My husband was very happy. They are perfect and came with a second set of laces like they're supposed to.", "These are a great pair of shoes!! Got them 2 days before the date said!! They were worth the money and my son loves them!!!!", "The tongue is not detached which makes it tight, hard to get in and out. It is a bigger challenge if u wear ordox.  I really like the design, the color and how light it is", "Good quality my son had no problem with them he is a teen so that speaks for something especially since teens today very picky", "I was told that back in the day, this sneak was a must have, wheather you could play basketball or not. Now having them on my feet, I know why.", "was recommended these federer shoes by a friendand bought them on a whim without trying them on....something i almost never dobut i figured i would just return them if they didnt fit welltook em out of the box...been wearing em ever since. they are ridiculously comfortable and fun to wearand quite sexy!", "I received item in great condition and I received an awesome deal on these Nikes Thank you. I love the quality of product.", "great for those narrow feet out there...these shoes are good for poor arches and achy feet, i like the color", "I really liked the support, but the shoe was too small. Returned for full refund.The construction and finish of the shoe is really nice. I'm going to have to try them on in a store.", "The shoe is cute don't get me wrong but it does no good to me sitting in the bottom of my closet because it is so small ... I wear a 7 in Nike and am a runner so size matters .. this shoe is crazy small and so tight on my foot I returned it.  Go with something different or get this in a whole size bigger", "I purchased these sneakers for my son. He really likes the way they fit and look. I must say they do seem to be well made and look pretty good. These shoes seem to have the right balance of form and function. They look good without trying overly hard, if that makes any sense. They seem to last. Long time to. I brought him a second pair of these sneakers, just a different color. The older pair of shoes are used for play and out of school activities. Other than being dirty they are holding up quite well. Not too much when tear noted.", "Great shoe! Its really comfortable and fits well! Have have purchased all the pairs as an avid sneaker collector and have not been disappointed", "Excellent product. Some small but the sneakers fit perfectly.  The quality is good and the materials are resistant and durable.", "My son likes them more than he did when he found them online. He is 13 and this was a gift for being awesome.", "OMG THERE REALLY NICE SHOES, I REALLY LIKE THEM, THERE EXPENSIVE BUT THERE ONE OF MY FAVORITES!!THERE NICE!11", "feels great on your feet! light weight. almost like wearing a sock - this has a pros and cons. .", "They are awesome and my nephew would probably wear them all the time if he was aloud! Well worth every cent!!!", "Yellow is actually a gold with a shine. Shoes can fit persons with a wide feet. inside is comfortable. looks great", "Very very very comfortable, its really cushioned compared to other &#34;air maxes&#34;. The material is cool and very easy to clean. The gold is a new colour for me on sneakers....but i like it.", "Fits well Looks good and feels great I am very happy that I bought them and would do so again in anotheer color", "So I ordered this product somewhat estimating my fit, and for me it was a bit tight/constricting... more so than I am used to (ie felt like bit tough to breath). So I requested a refund and received one. The actual item was great, great color, exactly as described and appeared to be a great product, though I didn't actually get to use it. I gave 4 stars just due to I wish there was a size chart to be able to calculate sizes better.", "I was very pleased and highly satisfied with the product itself but there was one problem.. the color. I had originally ordered it GREY not ORANGE! I am not going to make a big deal out of this because I actually like the orange color.", "my kids use the nike team training sack for sports and school.  The construction is solid and the materials durable", "It has a ventilated side for shoes and another side for whatever else. It also has a big zippered pocket which is a plus!", "Well made item, which you expect from a name like Nike.  It's just the right size for a man to carry his workout stuff to the gym!", "This bag works great for my teenagers gym stuff - shoes, shirt, shorts and deodorant. Sturdy bag and easy drawstring use!", "I like it for carrying stuff when In sweats or shorts.  Wish it had one more zippered pocket Inside pouch.", "I ordered the Medium size.  I am a size 6-8.  This top is way too small for me.  It feels like regular t-shirt material.  Pretty design, but won't fit.  Why isn't it sold in a large, or XL?", "Got this for my sister. She loves it.Perfect for going back n forth from gym to car on cooler workout days.", "My son loves these kind of shoes and when he say them for less on Amazon it was a no brainer.  He enjoyed them.", "I got these because they werent your basic one color pair of air maxes. They have the red and gray camo design. These air maxes fit nice. Not tight like a green and black pair of air maxes i brought they looks nice with a pair of dark jeans. I like them alot.", "I love these shoes they are so cute and look even better in person. They are feel super light and so comfortable. I stand on concrete for my job and my feet don't ache nor hurt when I get off. I normally wear a 6 and got them in a 6 and they fit perfect. Air Max are my favorite brand of shoes and these are another prime example of why.", "when she opened it she loved it thank you very much it was exactly how you described it and it fit very nice.", "Love this shoes. Stylish and very comfortable love the print design on front. Fits true to size and is very light.", "I absolutely loved these shoes when I seen them on here. I was so excited to get them. When they arrived I rushed to open them. I got them out of the box and I was so let down and disappointed. They look nothing like they do in this picture. So even though I was disappointed I tried them on anyways, they fit great but they were not what I was expecting considering the picture looks nothing like them! First thing I've got from here and been disappointed with.", "This is a great shoe and was a GREAT purchase for me. I love the fit and love running in them.", "depending on Adidas and Puma, size 9(us) is comfortable but  Nike is tight. i suggest you to upgrade the size to the next one, to avoid the the sizes is different.", "I have to say when my daughter got her first pair of CTR's, I thought they were ugly (the ones with the pink back). But when she tried them on and loved the feel so much,  I wasn't about to say they were ugly. It turns out that upon looking for new cleats (she plays year round and wears the heck out of them), she always returns to this model because of the comfort. (Thankfully they change the colors to offer variety!)The only reason I don't give them 5 stars is that the shoelace eyelets appear to be ready to tear (one did tear where she was trampled on by cleats of another player). I have a feeling what makes them comfortable (softer material) makes them easily torn.However, for the amount of time she spends in them, comfort matters. We'll continue to buy them.", "Yes these are silly expensive for a size 2.5 cleat.  My son has owned 6 pairs of cleats and these are by far the best.  Super light and the material is way better/conforming/feel than the lesser expensive similar cleat.  Removable foot bed is nice.", "I got mine used-like new and it came with the tag and everything. The jersey I ordered was a medium and was a bit small, so I would recommend going a size higher. Everything else is good", "I gave it 5 stars because i really loved it . High quality and it is exactly like the description and the picturesdelivered fastHighly recommended.", "I'm happy with the product  quality and performance. :) Shoes fit great and very comfortable and have received complements from people.", "Shoes look great. The colors are very pretty. This is my second pair of Dual Fusion and they are so light and comfortable. They will correct you stride. Great for your feet! Highly recommended!", "I purchased the shoes for my son who is very pleased with the the shoes. I ordered a 10 1/2 and the shoes fit fine.", "Nice shoe but my issue with the Jordan's of late is not that they fit but slipping them on is somewhat of a pain.  The last 3 pair have been this way  while other brands I do not have this difficulty.Probably my last pair.", "great shoe. very comfortable and stylish. nike outdid themselves with this redesign. would definitely recommend to anyone who is a fan of nike.", "the shoes were perfect but I usually wear a size 12 in Nike and these ran a whole size larger. I sent them back and got a size 11 that fit perfect.", "Shoes came three days early (I got the black ones) with a pair of black and blue shoe laces, also included was a fresh pair of black socks as a gift for ordering! They fit great and the color is amazing! I am very happy with this purchase, Great price too!", "nice fit and look.  usually wear 10 or 10.5 and the 10 was perfect.  roomy toe box and great fit.  color is great.", "I love this brand and they're just what i expected. I would definitely order from this area again and recommend to others as well", "Product came new and well packaged from LV Premium Outlets.  These glasses are very flexible on the temples and bridge, hopefully they wont get all bent out of shape as easily as others do.", "This t-shirt fits great. The colors stay vibrant and there is very little shrinkage after serveral washings. It has also retained it shape considering it has been through quite a few basketball practices.", "Since I seen them I liked them but now that I have them on they fit perfect and they are great", "Running shoes are great for casual wear, they fit great and my son loves them.  Only issue was that delivery was about 10 days later than projected.", "I ordered this shoe in my actual foot size and it was a little tighter than I though it would be but still fits well and is an extremely comfortable shoe over all. The Roshes are definitely the lightest shoe I have ever worn and can be worn with no socks. Great shoe to wear in summer!", "what can I say, looks freakingawesome, hand woven by some slaves in another country, turns heads. its super light weight. its baller", "These shoes are very comfortable and well made. They are extremely flexible and I can move freely in them! However they are not made for long distance running as I had hoped as they do not provide the support needed. But over all a very good buy!", "My son was eyeballing these at a mall and I said no way I'm paying $82 for a pair of his shoes - found them on Amazon for $65.  Seem to be holding up well", "I already had one pair so I figured why not get another . They cost the Same price at footlocker but  I never had to leave the house so its kool great product brand new in the box .", "Perfect!!!! exactly what i wanted and expected this is my 4th pair i put them to use jogging daily so they do wear out", "I ordered a size UP from what I normally wear because Nikes run small to me.  The shoe is very narrow and tighter than what I am used to.  It is not all that comfortable for the price, but it does have the &#34;look&#34; I desired.  I am not into flashy/colorful sneakers.  This was the conservative look I wanted.  (I will have to invest in some cousioned socks for more comfort.)", "never usually have a problem with nike, but these are so overly padded it's not funny. ordered my usual 9 and could barely get my foot in. either order 2 sizes up, or go with the air max line they have!", "Ehh this bags a little too big and  I thought it would have two sections so I can divide my stuff but overall just a simple drawstring overpriced backpack", "Good back pack/ gym sack works well. stylish. I love it. Now I can go out to my friends sleep over with all my things in one place", "I got thease as a gift! Great purchase. FIts as expected, thanks for making a quality product. would purchase again.", "I really love these shoes so far. Very light, comfortable, good cushioning, good fit and support. Though I appreciate the 'brighter' colors on a lot of today's athletic shoes, these work better for me when I wear them casually. My only concern for their durability is the interesting lacing support with the lace supports themselves being laces. My fear is that these will fail before the rest of the shoe leaving the shoe useless. I'll update the review if it does prove to be a problem in the future. For now, 5 stars!", "As advertised. High quality shoe that looks and fit fantastic. Used it on an overseas trip. Very comfortable and lightweight.", "Ordered these for my granddaughter, she Loves them. Said they are very comfortable. Likes the bright pink trim. she wanted them to go with an outfit, & they matched nicely. & so far, they are still looking and wearing great.", "LOVE THEM!!! these shoes are amazingly comfortable and running in them just feels like air :) I would buy another pair soon :)", "This shoe is light but very sturdy. I recently rolled my ankle so I needed a shoe with increased outboard heal support. I feel confident running in these shoes.", "I'm in love with the airmax 90, I bought it for my husband and it fitted perfect. Just one little dirty spot it had on the sneaker but other wise I am satisfied wit my purchase", "Fit and comfortable when walking or running. But I put its sole in the dryer&#8230; and it became a scroll&#8230;", "My product was my Nike Hypervenom Phade FG cleats. I love soccer so I get new cleats a lot. These are my favorite cleats so far. They are comfortable and easy to tie. The structure and color of the cleat are also very good.-Hypervenom-Pink-Navy Blue-Ladies Athletic Shoes-NikeThe only thing I didn't like about them is the size runs big. I got the right size but they were still a little big. If you end up buying this product get them a little smaller than usual. Other that that they are amazing cleats.You might need them when you are playing in a soccer game, practicing, or just playing around. When playing in them they feel great. These cleats are good for kids, teenagers, or adults. They fit good for anyone who needs them.I have had friends/family who have had Nike Hypervenom cleats before. They loved them and said they lasted them for quite a while. My old cleats were also good while they lasted. I had them for about seven months until they got a huge hole in it and got worn out. With Nike Hypervenom you will not have that problem!", "I bought my daughter the Nike Flex running shoe in September, and my son a pair of Nike Free in the same month.  After only one month, both pairs of shoes are falling apart.  My daughter's shoes stitching started unraveling around the laces, and coincidentally, my son's shoes had the same problem.Having never bought Nike's for my kids, I'm really disappointed.  Thankfully, I was able to exchange both shoes, and ended up getting Underarmour shoes instead.The fit and look were just fine, but the quality is horrible.  I'd recommend getting another shoe.  These won't last.", "I love these shoes! First off they are very stylish and classic looking, which is what I wanted. I think this classic vintage look looks so nice. The shoes are very comfortable, and I can wear them around all day without having my feet hurt. I have size 11 feet, but when I got mine they felt a tad small for size 11's. I would recommend ordering half a size bigger than what you normally wear. I would definitely buy another pair of these again.", "Too small you should order half number more. If you ar&eacute; 9 you should order 9 and half Otero that that i love it !", "I've had this style shoe for a number of years and while I like the fit of the Nike Shox, these seemed a little more narrow than I remember them being when they are new.  After wearing them for several days, they're starting to loosen up.", "I love Nike Air Max, they are the best sneakers they have besides Jordon's. I have every style and color I could find, and I am glad I found one with these colors. Great sneaker! worth the money", "It appeared as was expected: cool and comfortable. I started wearing them as soon as I got it home and feel really pleased.", "I wear Nike AIR MAX all the time and I purchase them usually from high-end athletic shoe retailers. This shoe is by far the cheapest made and poor quality shoe that I have EVER purchased!! Nike is all about quality and this shoe by far is poorly crafted. I removed the shoe inserts from this shoe and compared it with the other AIR MAX I own and these shoes definitely weren't made by Nike- the box was even old and odd; it was a orange box.Don't waste your money buying these knock-offs!! If you are a TRUE AIR MAX fan, you will be out of $100 bucks and disappointed as these shoes are not what is being advertised", "This shoe was recomended by a doctor because i have done hair for 43 yrs. and my feet are always aching. The shoe has a good arch support an helps my feet.Order from amazon they have everything i need.", "I'm happy with the product  quality and performance. :) Shoes fit great, are very comfortable and have received complements from people.", "Love the color!Love the fit!Girlie girlie green & neon...Nike has the perfect hoodie to match :)Absolutely adorable with gray, black, green, yellow and whiteThey are fashionable!", "i found these particular sneakers better looking in person than i had hoped.  i absolutely love them.  very comfortable and the color combination gets compliments everywhere i go.", "Don't order your size unless you have very narrow feet. Order these one number up for more room around your toes, it did work for me.", "I like them a lot. The only bad thing about this shox is that they run a liltle small. Next time I would go for size 11 not 10 1/2.", "Had bought this model for my son before. It did not disappoint. Nice looking and very comfortable. Nice color. We had gotten the gray ones before. The good looks of the sneakers hold for a long time even with heavy wearing.", "My husband LOVES Nike Shox and this is his 5th pair.  This pair was a little snug (only 1/2 size too small) but we decided to try and break them in.  The first time he wore them, the tread on the bottom came off.  There are colored nub like traction on the bottom. A couple came off one shoe and 3 came off the other.  This has never happened before with any other pair he has bought from other sellers.  Although we love this brand, we will not be buying anymore from this seller.", "Great product - as advertised. I've enjoyed them for over a month now. I recommend them to anyone who is looking.", "Let me state for the record that I don't actually use these shoes to skate in. Maybe I'll cruise around the block or down to the store but that's the extent of my skating. I got these because the Koston 1s were so comfortable, I had to get a second pair in a darker color. And I figured since I was going to get another pair of Kostons, I might as well get the 2s. I mean the 1s are so awesome, the 2s would be just as awesome if not more right? Ehh..........  The first thing I noticed is that it's not as easy to get my foot in the shoe. That is because the eyelets are much closer together and go barely halfway down the top of your foot. It *almost* feels like a slip-on trying to get them on. The good part of that is the shoe feels more snug. EXCEPT the heel part of the shoe is not similarly snug. I don't know if it's my foot or the design but the heel doesn't feel as secure. And because of that, the shoe feels unbalanced.  On second thought, I'm going to say it's the design. Take a gander at the heel. What is that thing on the heel above the sole?? I have a slight, but not total regret, buying this shoe. I wish I would've tried them on in a store but they are still comfortable and still have the Lunarlon sole which is super great. For me though, the Koston 1s feel mo betta.", "I usually wear size 9.5.  But with this pair of shoes it's a tight fit.  You would need a size 10 in order for this style of shoes to work.", "What size is the nike zoom lebron 4 in. Is a size 10, 9.5, or 10.5. If it is please contact me as soon as possible. I would like to purchase the shoe but do not know what because i am not given the information for size.", "Shoes are much tighter than expected,  but not too tight. Very comfortable and very stylish. Recommended to any type of runner.", "I where a size 11 in every pair of nikes I've ever owned! This size 11 is SMALL! Wish I would of ordered a half size bigger.", "They are Shox, I've always had great luck with Shox and these follow suit. They are very compfortable and breath well.", "I have issues with buying gym shoes. Because I have a wide foot but heal is narrow. The nike shows are great because they are wide up front but still locks the heal in place. The size is true to what I wear and the quality is great. Liked these shoes so much I ordered them in both colors.", "i go through a lot of tennis shoes.  i work on my feet bartending and have for years  these are some of the best shoes i have tried in a long time  i wear my shoes out every three to four months.", "got the same size as my other free run but this one fits tighter, Its not completely comfortable , however its workable because of the flex/give the uppers have", "my husband loved themhe loves tge color. the feel and the look. he wants me to buy him another pare for christmas. and what he dont know is i got it for a steel .", "I was afraid to buy shoes online at first, but the size is exactly what you would expect from other shoes. No surprises, and my son loved it!", "The shoe in itself was ok based on the size selection. However the packing was intact but the black strings` on the side was busted.  RETURN SHIPPING TOO EXPENSIVE SO I WILL HAVE TO MAKE DO.  BIG DISAPPOINTMENT", "This shoe was a bit pricy, but compared to lebron james shoe- it is reasonable. It is even better looking in person. Fit true to size.", "Nice shoes. Was a gift for my godson. He likes very much this shoes for play basketball with his team and friends.", "The shoes were really nice and so comfortable. They were really light too. The reason I did not give it a 5 was because the tongue of the shoe where you tie your shoes was connected and not disconnected like regular shoes. It was like a child's shoes, thus it didn't have any flexibility near the tongue where I tried to pick it up to try and fit my foot in the shoe. I ordered a 6 and it fit like a size 5 so I decided to return them. If your thinking or getting these I highly suggest to get one size bigger. The seller was nice enough to refund my purchase. I wish they did fit me because they are super cute! They're fairly expensive but for the quality and looks of the shoes, the price is good. Only thing I did not like was the tongue or whatever of the shoe.", "I got these boots before the estimated dilivery date. I love the fit and style. I would recommend them to anyone. The best way to go is online. If you wear a 10 1/2 get an 11.", "They look great! I'm happy with it and I got them fast.The price was right!! I was looking all over for this shoes :)", "These sneakers arrived on time. I was satisfied with the purchase. I originally seen these sneakers selling for $145.00. But, I copped them for $92( shipping and handling excluded). You do the math. These Nike Air Force 1'sdefinately elevate my sneaker game!", "Lightweight and great overall fit - the Zoom Vapor 9 tour is comfortable and snug fitting tennis shoes especially on hardcourts.These colors are just an added bonus.  Had rave reviews and folks asking me about them all the time.... personally have generated more business for Nike :)  I got mine in the Men's version in my size (which usually runs 1.5 times smaller) than the women's size that you wear!noticed Nike finally made the Zoom Vapor 9 for women this year with kits for Azarenka and sharapova in orange!I liked Roger Federer's version the best!", "AMAZING SHOES AND VERY BEAUTIFUL... THIS IS A GREAT SHOE FOR RUNNING AND HAS A VERY GOOD QUALITY.. THANK YOU", "These Nike shoes are great For Running and going to the gym with . They came brand new in the box and were worth buying .", "Delivered on time. Always like buying Air Force ones. This was a different color I didn't have so I bought them. It's like a teal color. Can't go wrong with a pair of Air Force ones.", "I had been looking for these air pegasus' in my size for a long time. I finally found them on Amazon and was happy. I ordered them immediately. The shipping process was stellar as usual and the shoes arrived quickly. Upon taking them out of the box I noticed some discoloration on the toe and when I tried them on the fit was loose and uncomfortable. I got them 10/3/13 sending them back 10/4/13. This experience will not change my overall positive view of amazon. I guess it was just my time to have a negative experience", "I would highly recommend this product to those looking for comfort....support...great style combined with fabulous color choices.I love this shoe!!!", "I love these shoes! They feel so light and comfortable. Color is a little bright, but the fit and feel are great. Highly recommend.", "The bag has a divider inside, to separate items.  The pocket on the outside Is convenient for items needed in a hurry.  Impressed with the drawstring itself, very sturdy!", "I bought these in a size9 in lue of a woman's size 10. Needless to say it was a perfect fit. Looks great no complaints", "This is one of the best shoes I've ever bought, hands down.It's comfortable right out of the box.Now, I do have flat feet and they're wide flat feet (and no, I'm not a duck!)....so I do need to add an insole to any shoe that I wear. BUT usually, even with 1 insole, I still need to add something else, a second insole of some sort because most shoes I buy, I can feel the ground, because the soles of the shoes are typically thinner than what the description says.In the case of this shoe... I only needed to use my 1 insole (it's max arch support) and that was it. This shoe has a sole that is truly thick and I even feel like it's got a very nice slope in the heel, so that I'm not walking flat footed (like a lot of other shoes that claim they have arch support).Now, like I said, I have flat feet that are wide and this shoe fits me just perfect. It's not tight at all. Not too narrow at all. My toes can be flat and wiggle just fine in there, not crowded.The shoe look is feminine despite it being black. The blue and pink are sharp and stand out well to show, yeah, this is a girl's shoe! nothing manly about it!I would recommend this shoe.My last pair of shoes were Nike's and they seem to be consistently well made.", "I bought these for my husband. He is a cable technician, and stands and walks and also bends and crawls into small spaces. Goes through boots like crazy.  The tips rip, or they are too heavy, the soles come apart..A few of the other guys in his field had these, so I thought hey..let me take the chance. He loves them..they are alot lighter than Timberlands, and they are flexible.He has only been wearing them a week, so lets see how they hold up..Cross your fingers.I so far would recomend these boots.", "super fast shipping but HAD to sign for and waited all day for driver, so the lost time at work cost me lots more", "The shirt color is match for Black/Black! And then the size is fit! The quality is a best for a first choice!", "I have been hooked on this series of footwear for a long time now. They are durable, comfortable and have always fit well. They aren't cheap but for me they are worth it as they last a long time. These are the only shoes I have ever worn that I have had to replace the laces on. All the other shoes I have had have worn out long before the laces.", "Just great and deluver service is great.  Love you guys.  The price was good and wherever I desire I can find it on Amazon.  I just wish I had more money.", "I love these shoes so much. I had an all white pair last yr and i decided to get these. They are very comfortable, and i love to wear them with skinny jeans.", "Fast shippingGood qualityOver all it's recomanded !But I wish they would offer more colors for the size 7.5But I still bought it coz its a comfy blaizor", "My husband has always loved the Nike running shoe, but wasn't to sure about ordering online. But they fit great.", "one of my favorite shoes , colorway is very nice ! fits a little small so i would get a size bigger.", "It's see through so you have to wear another top or sports bra underneath.  Fit's too loose around bottom.  It would work for women with a larger waist.  I have to get large size for my bust, but my waist is small.", "I consider myself a Nike whore! I LOVE their sneakers but this one and the black and white cross trainer didn't meet my hopes and expectations. They claim they are for high impact but there just wasn't enough support throughout the entire shoe, specifically for me in the ball of the foot. Sneakers were super cute and would be great for you if all you want is fashion and support.", "these shoes I bought with hesitation in regards to the flashiness of them but the are subdued enough for my taste and still have style", "They came just as I expected. The color is exactly the same as in the picture. They are in the right size and very comfortable.", "I purchased the Dual Fusion Lite after I wore out my Dual Fusion.  I loved the Dual Fusion and had high hopes for the Fusion Lite. The Fusion Lite is a lightweight shoe but it lacks the support and comfort of the Dual Fusion.  I keep wearing it thinking it will &#34;break in&#34; but it continues to be uncomfortable. It lacks a cushioned feeling in the ball and heel of the foot giving it an almost hard feeling during running and walking.  I will be buying another pair of Dual Fusion.", "I bought it for a pair of Nike glasses that I own so it's a natural. I like the flat bottom the precision snap tight closure.", "Good condition really protects my glasses also very useful when I need to carry a spare pair of glasses I really helps", "I LOVED these shoes, I thought they were winners and would never buy another type of shoe again, for about a month and a half..... the shoe started tearing right where the fabric meets the rubber, and I don't do anything crazy in them. Disappointing for something you spend so much money on.", "We ordered these last minute before school and they arrived on the delivery date promised.  No one else in town has a pair of these.  My son is a trendsetter.....", "I always wear an 8.5 or 9 and go with a 9 in running shoes-- these were no different. Comfortable and very light.", "Awesome shoes!True to fit and one of a kind.I would recommend to anyone who loves jordans. Another  must have!", "Really love the color and design. The shoes themselves have the outstanding look. They also feel really comfy and fit", "I bought these for my wife she had never had a pair and has always dreamed of having a pair so I gave her an early Christmas because she's my world and deserves the best...thanks", "Light, good ankle support, stylish, matches my ball jersey. Fits true to size. Would recommend to any other sneaker head.", "Shoes are not bad,but not too good lightweight, cool colors. runs true to size. But This shoe isn't comfortable at all. It is hard and stiff.", "I love these shoes, however, they are a bit snug. I am a women and wear a size 10 so I ordered a size 8.5 since this is in men's. Next time I'll order a half size up. Other than that, these are a must have.", "I love how these sneakers look...comfortable n durable..absolutely true to sizeNow imma hit the gym in style ; )", "I really recommend these tennis shoes. They are awesome! I like them a lot! They fit true to size and they look much better once you put them. The only con is the tongue is cheaply made which should have had a nice feature. Also the laces aren't rounded like Jordan laces are.", "I would certainly have given these 5 stars.  These shoes fit great, looked sharp and were exactly what I was looking for.  BUT&#8230;what was called Fusion Red and appeared red on every screen on which I viewed the shoes (Dell monitor; HP monitor; iPad; and, iPhone) was actually neon orange.  Not light orange or pumpkin orange.  But definitely that darker neon orange that is popular right now.  I was SO disappointed when I pulled them out of the box.  I really wanted to wear these to my son's hockey games.  His team colors are red and black.  And what's worse is our biggest school rival's colors are orange and black.  No way I could wear these shoes!  I'd be laughed out of town for wearing &#34;THIER&#34; colors.  And everyone in my family agreed, they were NOT red and they were NOT the same shade that appeared online.  So bummed.  Sent them back.", "My husband bought these shoes for his weekly basketball game.  He loves how they fit and how they look.  After he wore them the first time, he told me he got a lot of compliments.  They were easy to break in as well.", "perfect fit. great comfort. very comfortable with shoes on.Great for walking.I love the color.Great quality. Nike is the best in socks.", "I'm a size 10.5, and they're so tiny they  pop right off my feet, inside of my shoe.  Disappointing.  I suggest that you wear eye protection if you're putting these socks on size 12 feet ... 'cuz somebody could get hurt.", "These are the best socks for sports that i have had. I was looking for extra padding on the heal and not to low on the ankle.  Socks that stay in place and are soft and comfy.These are it for me.", "Fit great.  Wear them running and golfing and the tan lines are much lower than any regular low cut socks.", "He loves them.  They are soft and comfortable.  He wears them for hiking and to the gym&#8230;. and all day long.", "These are so comfortable. They are the perfect thickness - thick enough to be supportive and not fall down, thin enough to fit snugly in shoes. I didn't realize how bad my old socks were until I bought these! Seriously, who would've thought new socks would make you so much more comfortable?!", "Although they did take a while to arrive, they were worth the wait. Wrapped tightly, each shoe filled to keep shape, laced from the Nike factory. High quality black leather that looks rich. I needed a mens size 7 for my girlfriend, and that was exactly what arrived, which is kind of a difficult size to find.", "i really love these nike air shark trainer sneakers. i just received them today.the color of these sneakers are crazy,crazy,crazy. black/atomic red/black. which the colors really plays well off of each other.i love the feel and the fit of these sneakers also the height of the sneakers are higher than most hi top sneakers i own .these are a definite keeper.these go well beyond my expectations.just a all around good shoe.thanks.", "Our son wears a size 14 shoe, so regular sports socks are just too small. We have trouble finding the XL size in stores, unless we go to Dick's and pay $$$. So I was pleased to find these XL sized Nike Dri-Fit socks on Amazon at a decent price.They are crew length, so they go about halfway up the calf, and are perfect for football, basketball or wrestling. The Dri-Fit technology wicks the moisture away from the foot, so he stays comfortable longer. They don't shrink or fade much at all in the wash, and best of all they fit his extra large and wide foot.", "Great sweatshirt! The thermafit material is so soft and smooth...plus, really warm. I normally wear a small but I read previous reviews which stated it ran a little small, so I ordered a medium.  I am really pleased with the fit. Good quality and quite comfortable.", "Shoes are nice the color Was not what we thought but my son still likes them. I got jip out of cost because the retail said $19 but we paid 24 with shipping so I didn't come out with a better deal", "I wear a size 10 shoe in Nike, but these socks fit comfortably. No complaints and would definitely purchase again.", "These are great socks, comfortable and fit well.  I am moving my boys aware from the standard &#34;Hanes&#34; and other mall store brands since those just do not last long and they aren't that comfortable.These Nike's fit great and are comfortable, but of course they better be since 3 of these cost as much as 6 to 9 Hanes!  But most of the time you  do get what you pay for, these were worth it!", "These shoes are lightweight which makes them good for play, will see how they will  last, too soon to tell.", "I like the shoe. Maybe my ankles will get used to the repeated bruising from the elevated support at the heel.", "I will like to know if these Air Max Leather Black 599455-009 have the chip to use on my cell, as the other air max that I have?", "It took me several months to save up for these awesome shoes. The moment I put them on my feet I loved them, and I can tell they're not just some regular ass 50$ shoe. My bitch 9 year old daughter will just bitch and bitch and bitch, &#34;daddy are we going to have dinner tonight&#34; &#34;daddy, can we get a car soon,&#34; &#34;daddy can I get a real jacket instead of a garbage bag,&#34; and every time she bitches I just show her my 1300 dollar shoe and that just shuts her up. Then I make her go to her bed on the street and go to bed."]