["I've had this watch for over a year now and wear it daily. I love it and the features it provides.", "I bought this watch for my boyfriend for Christmas. He absolutely loves it and wears it all the time! Thanks", "It is oversized for my wrist. It will be fine to wear around but not for running which is what I bought it for. It bounces around too much.", "Great watch, very comfortable, good size , it fits nice, good color, if you have bigger wrist be aware. Thanks", "i had some problems with this order, the bill didn't arrive with the watch to the p.o. box and it couldn't be sent to my country as it was supossed to, when i finally recieved this watch (after sending several emails to solve the situation) it just didn't work, i had to spent money to fix it.", "I have been buying these Nike runner's watches for decades and love them.  It is always the built-in straps (wristbands) that are the weak links and so necessitate replacement.  In this latest version, I noticed that the strap was too tight relative to the buckle and the slide.  So I put the watch on my workbench and, using a single edge razor blade, CAREFULLY shaved about 1/16 inch from one edge of the strap.  Now the watch goes on and off my wrist easily and, as always, it keeps perfect time.The instructions for setting the watch are a bit complex, but you get used to it.  With a quartz mechanism it keeps better time than a Rolex.", "The product never arrived. The vendor told me it was US postal service issue. The US postal service was of no help. i paid for a product I never received. I won't use Amazon ever again and will advise others the same.", "Im happy with this watch so far. In my type of work I always need a durable watch. I used to be a big timex watch fan, but the last two timex watches I bought were poorly made. My father bought me a timex when I was 15 and the watch was great. I had to replace the straps twice before the watch became obsolete. Then I decided to buy another timex. hence my comment on the last two timex watches I bought. So far this watch is great. The display is huge and is also easily seen at night. The alarm is loud and the controls are easy.", "I bought the watch and I used only 2 days I was in the sea and I saw the time the watch was out...I'm from Brazil but here the store don't fix the watch because I bought in USA....so I'm hate...American company make only s***....", "Ok, so I bought this watch for my Dad for his birthday.  Little did I know that it would come without a battery! Who sells a watch without a battery?! Really?! Then I had to go through the hassell of going to the store, paying the over-priced jewelry guy for a battery. I haven't had the best experience with this watch...However, once I put a battery in it, it works well and the numbers are nice and big and it's pretty user friendly to figure out which buttons control/set which features.", "I was looking for a heart monitor watch and this one doesn't have this function! But for amateur runners like me it's perfect! It has chrono function and stores laps data! It just fits my demand!!! When I become a frequent runner I'll go for the heart monitor!", "they was right on the money with this one, everything was what they said about the shoes  in size, ect.", "I bought 2.  But  two pair both Left and right looks some different.So sad. T.Tbut very comfort. and real leather stuff.", "This is the best shoe I have ever had. It's great looking, and wears like iron. Like you I have had many shoes, but this shoe is my pick.  You won't be sorry if you get a pair.", "I purchased the Nike Womens VXT Cross Trainer Shoes, which are identical, with the exception of the changes in the sizing chart. I purchased them  from a local retailer for everyday use and for wearing at work. They fit well but are a bit 'bulky' looking. By bulky, I mean to say they are wide/thick and it makes them look weird with shorts. They are more of a basketball type shoe. They do look great with blue jeans since the jeans cover up the bulkiness of the back and sides of the shoe.I do like the leather as it is easy to clean and water/stain resistant. So far, after 3 months they are wearing very well. They look great with jeans and I love the simply white with the silver swoosh.", "Shoes arrived clean and laced up, ready to go!  They were in excellent condition from the box.  They are very comfortable to wear.", "I've been wearing the Tarj line since 2003. For form fitting glasses on a narrow face these are great, just wish I could find the polarized again.", "I'm very happy with my purchase. I where my sunnies everyday. I really like this style. I will buy these again. I hope that won't be anytime soon. I will put them to the longevity test.", "Can't beat these for any sport. The only glasses I have found that stay put.  They are light and durable.", "excellent product. I recommend it, is good quality and finish are very good, the presentation is good thank you very much", "This is actually my second pair of these glasses.  I stupidly lost the others swimming with the kids in  the Gulf of Mexico.  These glasses are comfortable and fit great.  The polarized lenses work great for fishing and other water activities.  The nose bridge is slotted rubber and is great especially if you are sweating.  These would be great glasses for running or cycling as well.", "Durable. Excellent quality. These were the 2nd pair as a gift for our son. He absolutely loves them. I see anoth pair in the future", "I love these sunglasses. Normally I just wear the $5 or $10 pair from Walmart, just in case I lose them or break them. A friend had these and I tried them on and they fit perfectly - but a huge advantage of these are they wrap around my neck, so if I go inside I can just slide them down and they hang on my neck. No strap needed, no worry about putting them somewhere, just hang them around my neck. They are a very comfortable fit, offer great protection from the sun, and I haven't had any problems with either pair that I own. Absolutely love them!", "Just don't like it at all. Fitting is poor and shape is not good at all comparing to a skylon that I've tried", "Received these sunglasses very promptly.  Everything was as advertised.  Great SELLER!!!  Would definitely buy from again in the future.  Thanks!", "This is the second pair of glasses that I have bought.  They last so well you cannot go wrong.  My husband had his first pair for 3 years and used them everyday as a sheriff's deputy.  These glasses have been through many trips through the woods and even fell from a helicopter and survived.  He has even gotten his whole squad to buy them now because of there durability and \"cool\" style.  But seriously, they are great and we will use them again if we ever need to.", "I would love to have one more of this watch coz I love it.Most especially the color it has.Pls send one to me .This is my e mail.", "I bought this as a gift for my wife - she LOVES it!!!! Everyone in my household is happy with this watch...", "I am very pleased with this product. i have been wanting it since it first came out of the market. I love big watches and this Nike Merge is \"big\" it is so Hip and though the strap can be easily soiled, I found out that you can just brush it with soap and water and it will be good as new again.", "I have been using the triax C5 for about a year and a half and had no problems whatsoever. Using it at least 4 times a week for Tae-Bo and mountain biking. excellent price/quality.", "my husband loves the big face on the watch that's tilted for easy viewing while running. he never takes it off - even in the shower. the heart-rate monitor reads clearly and easily.", "I purchased this watch and was very happy with it during the first 6 months.  It provided consistent and accurate readings and was compatible with the Gyms treadmills.  After 6 months I started noticing that the monitor took several minutes to display a heart rate on the watch.  I replaced the battery thinking that was the culprit.  The watch still takes anywhere from 5-15 minutes before displaying a reading.  When it eventually does display one it has huge swings.  It's at 155 one minute, then at 260, then back to 135....it has come to the point where it is completely unreliable and I'm now researching for another monitor.  I would have thought it was somehting with the way it was fitting on my chest, if it wasn't for the fact that I've worn it the same way since I've got it and it worked great for 6 months.  It's too bad because I enjoyed it while it lasted.", "Watch is exactly what I hoped for. Seller was easy to work with as well. Will look to do more business in the future.", "Had to return. No instructions and when Nike emailed me a manual nothing was working on the watch. Very disappointed.", "The watch keeps good time and is easy to read even while biking/running, however the silver ring/face bezel fell off after a year.", "I am some what pleased with the watch, at times the watch has trouble staying with my heart rate and when that happens it shows a really low heart rate.", "I've been using this HRM for over a year, it has never given me a problem, I lost my chest strap, but I was able to buy it on [...].I love this HRM because it can stand all the training I do (I do triathlons), the battery for the watch and the chest strap is user replaceable (so that you don't have to send it somewhere and be charged).Also I love the fact that the chest strap works with all the equipment at the gym, the treadmill, the elliptical machine and so forth. It's a great feature!", "I chose this watch because I didn't want to spend a lot of money but also wanted a functional watch that was easy to use. I liked the look and feel of this model more than the bottom line Polar watches. It looks good as a casual watch. It's easy to use and I like that when the battery goes out in the chest band that you don't have to send the whole band back, like you do with Polar.I used this when I trained for a half marathon. It's got current heart rate information and at the end of a workout give average heart rate. The one thing it doesn't have is max heart rate for the workout. That's the one thing I wish it had - because I want to know what my max heart rate is to determine my workouts based on % of heart rate. I got around this by running some fast half mile intervals and then looking at my heart rate at the end of the interval.", "It is excellent, it is not the first one I bought, and the result is great. You can also use bands of other heart rate monitors with this watch and they work great. The size is wonderfull for both, women or men.Really I still do not know what the cd  is for.", "I needed a monitor that would accurately provide my heart rate, a chrono, and didn't look like my mom's watch. It accomplishes it all and the strap isnt even unconfortable at all. So far it has been all that and for a lot cheaper than a polar.", "I bought this watch on Amazon for my husband, who is an avid runner, and he LOVES IT !!  He sometimes has difficulty with the heart rate while running because of sweat (so he says) but otherwise no complaints (and he can be a tough critic).", "I bought a Nike Triax C5 heart rate monitor watch a year ago. The strap is already falling apart near the bezel. The watch has a 2 yr warranty but do not cover the strap or the crystal, even if the problem is poor workmanship.", "I have had my Nike Triax C5 for a few months and I like it a lot. It is easy to use and has been pretty accurate. I think it is a good purchase for anybody that wants just a basic heart rate monitor.", "I bought this watch for my daughter who is on college. She has very small wrists and after trying other cuff watches that didn't fit right I figured I would try this small \"kids\" size watch. She loves it and it fits great, It's a good watch if you have really small wrists and like cuff watches.", "I play o lot of sports and really enjoy this watch witch is likea bracelet, easy on and off, also easy to read at night time,cute too.", "This watch is very contemporary with its acrylic appearance. Since the band is transparent and the color is subtle, it goes with everything. The cuff design is a snap to put on. It would be nice if the rubber ends matched instead of being grey. I recommend this watch, especially for college students, and would purchase other colors in the same style since liking the square face (which lights up when needed) and analog.", "It arrived within 4 days~ and the watch is cute.I love the background light.But the band is made of hard plastic, I don't know whether it is strong enough when it drops on the floor.", "I purchased this watch in October.After a few days, this watch was mailed to me, but it was alreadybroken.I sent it back to Amazon to get refund, but they did not do anything.I e-mailed and called them several times, but I did not get refund yet.", "Stocking stuffer for my oldest.  I am surprised by how much he wears this, it's a great little watch, the Velcro wristband is perfect for kids with tiny wrist.  No complaints.", "This is not a cheap watch, yet it didn't come with instructions, a box...nothing.  It feels and looks cheap.  Going back.  Don't bother with this one.", "Stylish, easy to use, easy to read display, comfortable band, durable, and an instant hit with my 12 yr old son who found it in his Christmas stocking.  Adults would like this too!", "This watch is a piece of junk, looks cheaply made in mass in China. I don't think the watch sold by this unique seller is authentic, if it is, then it is terribly flawed. The swosh is not correctly painted, the strap is wrinkled and looks like it is going to give up anytime, same goes with the latch, everything just looks pretty bad.", "Good watch with nice features . . . and a fatal flaw. Something's wrong with the plastic. In 60 days, the watch is grimy and there's no way to clean it. Nike doesn't provide service. Find something else.", "We ended purchasing a second one for the sentimental value of the watch but the first one broke after a little dip in the pool.  It is advertised to be water resistent to so many feet but it couldn't handle six foot pool for 20 minutes.  After much rangling with Nike and Amazon, we just bought another one because my father had purchased the original one for my daughter and my father passed away so the watch means a lot to us.  It's a decent looking watch and fits my ten year old daughter great.", "My daughter receive this watch as gift , unfortunately the watch did not stand up to the vendor water resistance guide. Try to work through amazon and vendor . The vendor could careless in what we had to say . Do not give this to 10 year old even if they go swimming in a five to six feet pool. Water will get into the watch.", "it is very nice and while usually things looks better in pictures in this case the T-shirt looks better then the pic.This is a gift and I'm sure the person will love it, if it was for myself well my impression is that the material is a bit too heavy for the summer' temperatures in DC.", "I love the watch. I was surprised when I saw the color. I thought it would be aqua rather than blue, but I like it. I formerly had a pink one. This one has a larger bracelet. I felt more secure with the smaller one, but will definitely keep it.", "Like most NIke plastic watches, this is attractive, but fragile. My watchband snapped under very little force when it caught on the handle of my purse while extracting my wallet. I've owned several of these Nike watches and they have all met with similar fates. This one lasted a few months; some last a year.", "i loved the way this watch looked on my wrist.  The only problem was that it broke one morning while i was putting it on.  I work in the food industry so it was great when i needed something that could just be washed off.", "Zapatos de excelente calidad y originales, el envio a Venezuela fue muy rapido, 100% confiable el vendedor, amazon pagina de Gran responsabilidad", "The ordering process was flawless. I ordered it to arrive a couple of days before Christmas and got email notifications throughout the shipping process. This shoe was purchased as a Christmas gift and it has been worn every day since then. It is the most comfortable shoe the receiver has worn in the recent past.", "Loved this watch had for over two years works great is fun and colorful. Have not had to change battery yet only complaint is the band turned a dark colors in different places I guess once you body sweats or just the chemical in you skin. Is easy to wipe done but the places where it turned black is still black so now only use when working in yard", "The watch is just as advertised. It seems a little lacking when one considers weight and construction. Is exactly what my daughter wanted for her job.", "The description says that it is water resistant up to 5 meters but it is not.  Wore it once in the water for only a short period and never went below one meter and the watch stopped working.  Don't buy this watch if you plan to use it in and around water.", "Like the watch and the shape is very comfortable, however reading the face is some what difficult, not because it is small as this is not the case, just really hard to see. I think the glass is too thick", "I bought these about 6 months ago. This shoe is one of the best shoes I've ever bought and I'll probably buy this again if my current pair falls apart. This shoe is pretty sturdy. I've worn it everyday since I bought it and it still looks amazing. It is also really comfortable. The shoes came with white laces, so if you like the look of white laces you can add them on. (I like the regular black laces so I'm like w/e toward the white ones). I'd recommend that you buy these shoes since they're really nice and comfortable.", "I ordered a size 13 and being a bigger guy i have a wide foot. For the first week or so the shoes were really tight especially around the toes. After i wore them in pretty good they fit perfect. well worth the price.", "These shoes were very comfortable and lasted me a long time. I've never had a shoe last in such a great condition as long as these.", "I really like these shoes. They seem like they will hold up for a long time and look and feel great. I don't skate that often but they seem like they would work really good for skating as well.", "Very comfy shoes and not flashy. These sneakers go with almost everything I wear so it's easy when I'm in a rush to toss them on and go.", "In my many years of experience of buying Nike brand shoes these are a great, everyday shoe to purchase.  I would recommend them!", "Nike Mavrk Low Skate Shoe - Men's Black/Sport Red, 10.5  --  Say 10.5 but feels like 9. to narrow, too small. I gave it to a cousin with 9.5 in size", "First off I like to say thank you to the seller for getting them to me with in three days.  I love these shoes, they are machine washable, nice design, clean and comfortable fitting. The price was reasonable too.  One thing I also love about these shoes is even though the sides of the bottom portion of the shoe is white the actual bottom of the shoe is black which is good because I was a little uneasy with buying them at first.  Im glad I bought them from off Amazon because I dont have to worry about going to the local Foot Locker and have a seller try to pump more money out of ME then what I expected to spend. (Even though I know no one can make you buy anything unless they are good at selling you a bs story about why you need the socks and matching insoles which means more money spent) I hate when sellers do that, that is why I dont go to Gamestop anymore either, but thats another story for another time. Online forever bye! bye! middle man.", "I ordered this item for my cousin and he is delighted with this purchase. He says they are comfortable and VERY cool. The item was delivered on time. Excellent price and perfect quality on this item.", "I purchased these sneakers for my 22 year old son who has worn these in the past and they've lasted a long time.  However, he has only had this pair about 2 months and the material on the side of the one shoe is worn/torn.  It seems that there is a time limit on returns so now we are I guess forced to purchase another pair.", "They sent me the wrong shoes. This isn't a minor mistake, because I ordered grey shoes with white nike symbols. Instead they sent me Navy blue shoes with a red Nike symbol! WTF?!?!", "The shoe was in brand new condition and fit perfectly! I bought it as a gift and saved me lots of money and the headache of finding a parking space and risking the chance that the size might not even be there! Thank you!", "The shoes are definitely nice and fit. It's nike + amazon! Although it takes a couple more days than i expected to be delivered, what else can you complain about that?", "My son is delighted with his new boots. He says they are comfortable and VERY cool.Excellent price on this item.", "As a sneaker collector, I am always on the prowl for Nike Dunks, so I was extremely happy to find these on amazon. They were delivered within 72 hrs. I love the shoes, especially since finding the pre-sb dunks is not that easy. This is Great company to deal with and would highly recommend buying shoes from them.", "I'm confused.  The photos display a pair of shoes, the product description says vest/shirt.  Which one is it?  Please fix.  :)", "Got this for someone for christmas. Had looked in many stores for similar items and all were higher priced. Very happy with this purchase.", "My daughter (7 year old) fell in love with the color and style! The manual says it is safe for shallow swimming and snorkeling, but the moment she entered the swimming pool, the watch started beeping and screen went blank! She was so sad and disappointed, so we sent it back and got a replacement. She will not use it in the water ever! One thing to remember: the screen is a bit dark and it is hard to read the time unless you turn the internal light on.", "My son-law wore out his last pair of nike sandals so this was just what he needed. They fit just right so are true to size.", "This was my 3rd pair of this particular slide on sandal.  I go through about 1 pair a year with frequent (at least an hour a day) or wear.  Due to an ankle injury I simply can not go without some form of footwear, even at home at the end of the day.  These slides are my &#34;house shoes&#34; on top of being my favorite thing to grab to just dash out of the house in a hurry.  They are comfortable, easy to clean, and comfortable.  I'll be buying another pair when these finally wear out.", "I'been wearing these shoes for almost six years. They are part of my daily life. I use them almost all the time while at home. I was looking for them for a while. They are very confortable light and easy to clean.  I always travel with them specially when I go to the beach. They dry off very easy...you never get tired of using them...Hope, Nike continues to deliver these FANTASTIC pair of shoes...good oportunity to show their quality.By the way, I strongly recomend them...", "I love these flip flops. This is the third pair I have bought in ten years. I wear these everywhere, beach, park, fishing on the boat.I think Nike maybe discontinueing them though.", "Fit well, seems to be good material and will last long. This is my second pare my brother and I use both of them for house use", "Ordered as a gift for my brother in law and it fits him perfectly.He has been wearing them for a few months, they hold up well.", "I wear a size 12. This is more like a size 13. It is nice looking though for a sandle", "wow these are great slip on sandals. arch support, cushion and durability. These are simply SUPER SUMMER SLIP-ON SANDALS! WOOT!", "These are great shoes.  I use them for everything during the hot Texas summers. I highly recommend them to anyone", "These slides are very stylish, made of quality lightweight materials, and contours to the shape of your feet.  Unless of course you're like me and have flat feet.  The arches stick me in the ball of my feet all day and feel quite uncomfortable after just a few minutes of wear.  I would probably die if I had to wear these at the beach all day.  Every other slide or flip flop I've tried was flat.  Why couldn't they just leave well enough alone and make them flat like they're supposed to be?  Since they are so light, and hug your feet so well, I guess they would be nice for all you normal people out there, but if you have flat feet like me, STAY AWAY!!!!  Your feet will thank you.*********** 2 Year Update**********I kept wearing them, and my flat feet eventually flattened out the shoe.  Now they're quite comfortable, and they're still holding up after 2 years with no cracks, so I upgraded my rating from 2 to 3 stars.", "Bought my first pair on a store, lasted me around 4 years.Its actually still usable but its near its end.Its simple, it hugs my feed, its elevated on the sides so your feet will be protected from those nasty bumps in the edge of a bed or chair... that hurts a lot.... also its easy to clean, durable, and simple.The nike tags will surely be removed in time but the material/sandal itself will soldier on until its worn out.At first the material will feel icky or sticky but in time it will be ok", "I lived in these when I spent a month in Hawaii.They're classy (not garish like so many), cheap, lightweight, durable and don't retain water. I wouldn't be surprised if they float, but I haven't checked.Can't find these in stores any more, so I'm stocking up.", "C&oacute;modas, como lo publican en la web, muy satisfecho. Me llegaron a tiempo y las estoy disfrutando desde el momento que las recib&iacute;.", "My son had been looking unsuccessfully for this pair of sandals to replace the pair he previously wore.  I found them on Amazon and they were exactly what he wanted.  Fit is great and they were delivered in a very timely manner.", "This is a pre-review concerning my search for cheap, sturdy non-slip sandals. I expect the Nike First-String Slides to arrive in a few days and will follow-up with some hands-on, foots-on results in a few weeks. Spent three hours scouring the thousands of listings here and elsewhere for my $25 or under sandals...time not wasted since I now have a list of preferred products to try. Previously, have used the $19 Okabashi Euro with mixed results. First thing to note is their sizing recomendations, at least for that model, run a little large. Have posted a sep.review on that page.Most of the slip-on sandals in the $15-$30 price range, the enclosed-top type, are not that well made. The Okabashis mentioned, for example, were great four years ago. Since then, they have used a cheaper plastic compound, the things lasting half as long as prev before straps crack/break. I picked the Nike this time because it appears to cup the foot snugly (bad ankle), has what appears to be a decent non-slip sole and looks to be somewhat durable. A previous reviewer found these sandals to be uncomfortable but, by appearance, they will be what I need at a good price. If these don't work out, will spend $30 for an adjustable top-strap type, probably from Adidas or New Balance, IF I can find a model dark enough to obscure those moronic color blazes and checkmarks. I had to assign a rating for this, so starting with a four-star pending a proper review (below).Feb10 follow-up:  Received the sandals as ordered, correct color, size. The seller, ASBY SPORTS/PENTAKIC was fine. The sandal design/matl's were not. Though they look nice, fit well and were comfortable for my one-time carpet-walk, they have one fatal flaw, described below. As for size, the size 10 was good for me. I have close to a size 11 foot. For a guy with size-10 feet, these size 10's would be a little loose. The problem I found, obvious on opening the box, was that the sandal is molded from one piece of extremely lightweight plastic with a shiny, slippery-smooth sole. One reason I ordered these sandals was the claim on the JC Penney website, \"injection molded Phylon sole for great durability and traction.\" Traction? All I can say about this is that anyone wearing these things on damp kitchen or bathroom tiles, or around a swimming pool, will slip and fall within ten microseconds of stepping on the wet surface. The only reason I'm rating these suicide-slides two-stars rather than one is that they would be okay in Arizona or any other bone-dry climate and they are nicely designed aside from the slippery soles.", "sturdy and handy sandal for summer wear and around the pool or in the yard. I have had these for several months and they seem like they will last a long time.", "My second pair.  I've tried many sandals and this design is by far my favorite.  My last pair lasted 3 years.  Too bad Nike doesn't make them anymore.  I was happy to see someone on Amazon still selling them.", "Here in Hawaii, everybody wears what we call slippahs(slippers). As soon as you get through work, take off  the stupid shoes, and put on the slippers. I'd hate to think how many pairs of slippers the average Hawaii resident wears in a lifetime. It would be a LOT, because we wear them all the time, everywhere(except work). So, when you have kalua(big)feet like me, size 14, it's hard to find my size. Hello Amazon! Size 100, no problem. Anyway , I love these slippers. They're made from one continuous piece of rubber(as opposed to the usual two piece style). So, they'll last. And because they fit perfectly, comfort is guaranteed. Best slippers I've owned so far.", "men i am a female who bought this for my boyfriend who is a Fed US Agent. so i want to see him relaxed for a min. i order these in a size 11 for I know what is in style for men. i seen that almost all sizes were avilable only to get them on 7/3/2010 and noticed they are super big. yes, they sent me a size 12. what a disappointment on service. no one reads. i spend my time to get something online when i can go right to NYC Niketown store or NBA store where I shop all the time. who knew this would be so bad. then i email the guy who does not send me a returned label but wait until Amazon files a complaint. y spend my hard earned money to ship it back when the mistake is there to see the take 3 weeks to process a return. heck no. too long for customer to wait. i need my money now as it was given. hire help if you are too busy to read a shoe size. never again. i will stick with what i know best.", "I bought these for my son who does not like to wear flip flops.  He loves these!!  Easy on and easy to wear.  They are also very durable.", "Very lite fits well. Its a good comfort after a long day kicking off the boots in the evening. Nice and cool", "These sandals are very comfortable and are easy to keep clean, you can just spray them off.  We use them as household slippers just wear them with socks.", "I bought around one month and It's like old one, so dirty no good please change for me that watch", "Unfortunately, the present design is not as slick as this one. Too bad it is not available anymore...Although triax (fury, to be specific) is still my favorite line :o)", "Barcelona is my favorite team and this jersey was an excellent choice. has a slim fit feel and the color combination works well", "I love this watch!  The features are easy to work, and easy to see.", "Customer service was horrible! Watch came in shipping box with no instructions or wrapping. Battery was dead when I got the watch so I had To go buy a new battery. Then the watch still didn't work. When I asked where the instructions were, they said I should Google it. I pages 75 dollars for this watch. I shouldn't have to Google it. Very rude!!!", "fits comfortably on wrist, stylish.  Display saves battery life but is readable.  Challenging to synchronize.  Ergonomic smart design.  Compares to a previous Nike watch I owned favorably.", "I love the style of the watch, but display is hard to read, impossible in daylight.Dimly lit characters against a black background! Pay attention to the pictures of other Triax Mia watches, you will see the difference in display clarity on other models!Will purchase another one with more clarity. Watch is very comfortable, love the styling, just wish I had paid attention!!!Also, had to put a battery in, took it to a jeweler, very difficult to remove battery cover!Watch will do until I am able to buy another!", "These shoes are NOT \"authentic\" Nikes. Personally, they are the worst knock offs I have ever seen. Amazon should ban \"Virtual Exchanges\" from their website. VE is a JOKE. I received these shoes in a fake Nike box and knew I was in trouble before I even looked at the shoes themselves. No quality in these guys. Please stay away!!! I even had to pay a 10.00 restocking fee for sending them back, all in all it was 20.00 lesson learned. Buy from known shoe stores....Finish Line, Footlocker, Champs, Footaction, etc. STAY AWAY FROM VIRTUAL EXCHANGES and their FAKE SHOES!!!", "Watch is MUCH smaller than it appears in the picture.  I purchased this watch wanting a large face, so I was very disappointed once it arrived.  The watch works and is of good quality, but couldn't get past the small size.  I ended up giving this watch away, as I knew I wouldn't wear it.", "Great watch but size did not make up right to the product.The color and the style was what I wanted.", "I love this watch because it's so stylish and I have yet to see anyone else with it!  Online the watch band looks to be a \"rubber-like\" material, but it is, indeed, a nice sturdy leather.  Another great addition to my watch collection!", "It's a nice watch, but way too young for my taste.  I was looking for a large face watch and this one did fit the bill.  However, I didn't like the wrist band.  I gave this to a younger friend...who loved it!", "I love these shoes. They are extremely comfortable and stylish. Received many compliments from others on how COOL this NIKE shoe looks. Combination of a shoe and hiking boot, but looks both blended nicely together.", "Even though they were a bit small they were not comfortable shoes. I was disappointed with these. Nike is hit or miss sometimes", "i love these shoes. They fit my feet perfectly and are really nice too. Also they have a lot of cushion around the ankle so they are very comfortable.", "Product as described, easy to navigate around site, and easy to purchase.  Would buy from here again.", "Can't beat the price for these kids Nike shoes.  I wanted a shoe for my son for Christmas that he could wear daily.  These are great.  They arrived in less than a week.  They seem to be excellent quality and well made.  For the price of Nike's at the store, compared to the price on Amazon, it can't be beat!  He is going to be very excited. Excellent looking pair of Nikes.", "These sneakers look better on than in the pics.I bought light up laces for them and it looks so good (light up laces looked great but wouldn't stay on)....either way the sneakers are hot!!", "My son used these for baseball this past year.  Great shoes with a great price!", "These were a great price and fit. No problems and much happiness to the wearer.", "I just love this jacket! Thi is all and more I wanted... The color is nice and the model is perfect for women.", "Very flat on the bottoms, little if any arch support inside.  My son walks around in them as if he were wearing  cardboard boxes. If I could select the shoes that my 10 year old would wear, it would not be these.  However since a boy likes what a boy likes, I guess they will do, until they like all other Nike sneakers fall apart in the end.", "I thought this pants were more resistant; on the contrary, I received a pair of pants that look like compression stockings, completely transparent which is not comfortable at all while exercising", "These shoes are pretty nice for girls.  The picture doesn't shoe but the tongue has a little bedazzle on it.  I didn't see it in the pictures but was pleasantly surprised.  My daughter likes them a lot and uses them in middle school basketball.  She complained after the first wear because the back is a little high....but now since she has broken them in she loves them.", "After reading reviews, I purchased this shoe for Zumba.  The fit of the shoe is great, but the support is poor. My Zumba classes tend to be more active (lot's of jumping), than the typical zumba moves. I find that the ball's of my feet hurt wearing these shoes. They hurt so much, I've stopped wearing them and went back to my nike airmax shoes (offer's more support).All in all, since I've invested in the shoes, I will try break them in more, due to the leather being stiff.", "the edge is a little stiff so it rubs at first but then it wears in. The toe box is wider then expected which is quite comfortable. I did hear the shoe is being discontinued?", "I wanted nike dance shoes, but also something I can wear every day, and that's what I got. I recommend it", "This makes the third pair of these that I own. I wear them to work at the hospital. they are light weight, comfortable, and fashionable.", "I bought the same pair in white at the Nike store and was very pleased with the quality and fit. The pair I bought on line was obviously brand new, but the leather was not as soft or as high quality (almost like plastic rather than leather). The fit is the same, but the comfort is not as good. Still, since I could not find these in stores I'm glad I got them.", "Working as a personal trainer I like my shoes to be extremely lightweight, flexible, low profile and look good! The best I ever had was from OTOMIX, back in the days of 80's bodybuilding, these were the shoe! Since they closed down, nothing has come close...until these! awesome, I LOVE THEM! Only thing is that these shoes dont really allow the feet to breathe, making your feet very moist, sweaty, and sometimes smelly. i hate wearing socks, and these shoes feel perfect and comfortable. Socks make my feet too hot and too confined, and my feet get sweaty even with cotton socks, so they are useless to me. I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND THESE SHOES!", "The Musique IV is a great Zumba shoe for narrow feet.  My feet are a average to wide size, so I will keep on looking...", "Good item, shoes hold up very well! Feet get some what heated but over all they can take the walks and jogs as well as training classes. I am not a thin type of woman, i have a good amount of curves size 14 to 16 pants to say the least. They work your butt off, i love these shoes. 5 mile walks it can hold up!!!", "These are perfect for Zumba!! I am thrilled with this purchase!! I would recommend this shoe to anyone.  Great shoe.", "I have been a Zumba instructor for 3 years. I have yet to find a pair of shoes better suited for me than these.  They are comfortable, form fitting, and best of all durable, not flimsey like so many other dance (zumba) shoes I have tried.  Im on my 3rd pair of black and I highly recommend them !", "These are great shoes.  I use them for Zumba.  I have narrow feet and these have a nice fit and are very comfortable. The seller shipped them very quickly and I am very happy with them!Nike Women's Musique IV Dance Shoes", "Got these for my daughter and she loves them.  She is on her feet all day long in her job, and these give her good support.", "I bought these for the classes I take at the gym. I tried on many different types and a sporting goods store and size 7 was always a little small...bought these in a 7 1/2 and i think they are too big.", "I have previously bought these shoes before so I knew exactly what I was getting.  DSW was out of size 10 so I had to buy these for $20.00 more from this seller.  The mark up sucks but I guess that's supply and demand for you", "I literally took these out of the box and did a Zumba class with them and was very comfortable.  They are very well constructed and attractive looking.", "I expected these shoes to be in a soft leather as I had a similar pair from Nike from 2 years ago. Instead these are a hard non breathable plastic like shoe. I'm very disappointed. Nike would have had a customer for life if they had not changed the material of the shoe.", "These shoes are perfect for Zumba. I would love them more if they were not made in China.  Darn it!", "So far I have worn these shoes to 5 Zumba classes and they are GREAT!  I had been wearing Nike cross trainers and noticed that my feet would sometimes slide while doing certain steps.  My feet stay in place.  These shoes are very comfortable, they run a little big.  Buying these in a 1/2 size smaller wouldn't be a bad idea.  I have very narrow feet with a high arch.  These shoes are perfect.", "I was going to return it before I try it. Once putting on, it looks amazing(I seldom wear sports shoes, but this one is really good-looking). The shoes are made of good material and it is really comfortable when jumping and moving. I am happy to get it.", "I work at a hospital and these are great and give me the support I need for a long day", "Fit is small so order one-half to one full size larger.  Design more suitable for narrow foot.  Unable to wear since shoe lacks Achilles heel notch.", "These shoes are alright. I do Zumba every day (twice a day 1 to 2 times a week) and needed a replacement for my Capezio dance sneakers (which only lasted about 3 months before getting holes on the sides). I wanted dance shoes that supported my arches because I am not a traditional dancer with strong arches. These shoes definitely give me that support, but they do not pivot and turn smoothly. Given the fact that I go to different places and my Capezio's had no issue, I can say it is NOT the floor. I have been using them everyday for nearly two weeks now. They were a little rough to break in as well. Dance shoes should not be this stiff. I have been able to make them work because I know what I am doing, but someone new to a dance workout like Zumba might have a hard time if they are expecting this shoes to truly be dance shoes and may hurt themselves on a pivots or turns. I'll wear them out, but I would not purchase them again.UPDATEYeah. I can't even wear these out. I can't even do a proper cumbia step in them. These cannot be used for Zumba and I truly wonder what kind of 'Zumba' people are claiming to be able to do in these shoes. I really tried to make them work, but they have taken a toll on my knees. Every time I go to turn, I forget that I need to be careful in these shoes.  Not worth it for Zumba at all.", "Low on my list of 5. Hard, bulky and not a great spin. At least on my hardwood living room floor.", "I love these shoes for Zumba! It took me two years jumping and twirling-or attempting to- in tennis shoes for me to finally decide to buy some suitable shoes for dance. I checked others reviews before making my decision. Besides getting great reviews; these shoes were reasonably priced.", "I bought two pairs of Nike Musique - black and grey and I LOVE THEM!! I am a Jazzercise instructor and do cardio as well as strength training.. these shoes work great for both! I have narrow feet and these are the best pair of shoes out there!!", "I have a narrow foot, so traditional nursing shoes / clogs don't work for me. These, however, are fantastic! The leather is easy to wipe down, they have fantastic arch support (I need it), and after 12 hours my feet aren't screaming like so many others'. I can't attest to how they are for dancing other than random outbursts in the hallway, but they feel great on my knees while still being slip-resistant enough to be safe.My only complaint is that the white/white are hard to clean so that they stay white. They look super cool when they are brand new, but because of the plastic / leather combo there's no way that they will stay that way. If this bothers you, get another color. I'll be getting the black next. :)", "Allows for easier spinning on the balls of the feet and lateral movment. True to size, but is a little tight in the toes.Four stars because there isn't much arch support, but I fixed that with foam arch support inserts.Overall a much better option than doing Zumba with running shoes.", "I like these shoes however they are a little too narrow for my feet but I do have kinda a wide foot. They are nice and light though i dont think i could dance in them. I give them a 4 star.", "Love, Love, Love these.  This is my second pair, the first being in black.  The have a great stylish shape, coverage and stay secure. Good price for this product.", "Have used them several times now and I am very happy with them.  The rubber nose piece is nice for those sweaty moments to help with slippage.  I would purchase again if I lost or broke these.", "I have never been one to wear sunglasses but after trying a pair of the nike's on in a local store I found them to be really comfortable.  I now have a pair in white and a pair in brown and wear them everyday, they are really comfortable and have great color for sunny days or even gray days.", "I need a bigger nose, as the nose piece barely touches the bridge of my nose....but they looks great on me ;)", "These are quite comfortable, and look great. They have thick arm bands but not too thick. I'm a huge fan of tortoise shell, so maybe I'm partial to begin with though..The case and cloth are a nice addition as well.Highly recommend these.", "I bought these sneaks for my 22 y.o. son because of the value v. look of the shoe.  When they arrived, I was so happy w/how nice these sneaks were, but most importantly, my son really liked them and wears them often.", "Colors appear slightly different (paler in person), but still very happy 8 year old.  They certainly ran true to size in my opinion.", "I previously bought this model from another seller in black colour. It arrived in a hard plastic case, instructions and warranty. I wanted a colour change and ordered them in brown. The lens are too clear so they don't do their job of really protecting from sunglare. On the other hand, they came in a cheap cloth case without model details, nor warranty.", "This item was purchased and received quickly and with no problems. I strongly recomend anyone looking to get a comfortable pair of sunglasses to order through Amazon.com, because they know their stuff to get the job done right.", "Perfect", "Nice glasses. Too small for my wide sporting needs. Need better coverage for winter and windy sports.", "My grandson was so happy, the sneakers arrived exactly on his birthday.  He liked them and will be wearing them for his preschool graduation.", "These were a Christmas present for the hubby.  He loved them!  I think Nike makes great products and these sunglasses live up to the brand.", "I purchased one pair at a local store during a Christmas sale. The online price was better than the regular store price so I bought two more for the other cars.", "Again great fit! Glad it's not made in China and delivery was soooo quick! The only reason it gets four stars is because I was hoping the orange was going to be more of a neon, otherwise it was a little darker than I expected.", "They are so comfortable and cute with jean's. I have two pair's in different color's and love them. Fit perfect. Would highly recomend!", "I am a huge fan of Nike AF One and those shoes are just dope! Very unusual but still the classic AF1 look.", "Loved the shoes, Blazer rock! As expected the shoes fit and was enjoyed by the good daughter for school. awesome find!", "Really comfortable, i love them to run. good quality, service, it  cost the priice. My feet it's a regulaer 7, i ordered a 7,5 and fits really confortable.  Amazing.", "I have always bought Nike a half size bigger than I normally wear. No exception here.Great shoe. Very tactile feel. Not sure if it qualifies for true minimalist shoe but definitely close.", "Due to lack of information I purchase a pair of the NIKE shoes and I specify \"Wide\". then @ the arrival time I intent to try, I did fine that they will not fit my foot, checking the new pair I find that the with was standard. When I contacted them I found that I have to be charge 8/9 dls.  just to return the shoes. Well you guessed correct if you guess that \"I will never deal with them again.", "The feel and color of the tank is great.  Good quality too.  Good for all my work out needs.  Nike did a good job!", "she liked the shoes other than the arch being a little off the color is great and the flexability  is great", "thank you very much satisfied with the product received, very reliable.'ll buy their products next Used.Thank you very muchThank you very much", "I purchased these for my wife who has an almost supernatural ability to detect flaws in just about anything. The bit of rubber that comes up on the front of the toe is wider on one shoe than the other, and it's slightly off-center. This changes the way the shoe bends at the toe which creates an awkward sensation when standing on your toes, crouching as if to study the toe of a shoe, or during other similar activities one might do to demonstrate the flaw to others... like a spouse, for instance. Otherwise the shoes are fine... they even came with two sets of shoestrings... one set light-purple and the other neon yellow.", "I purchased these shoes on line after trying them on in a store (to ensure correct size choice.) I wouldn't have chosen purple - which is why I gave four stars instead of five - but purple was available for less $ than the other colors. Since they are for line-dancing and (senior) zumba, color really isn't a big deal. In fact, since they came with two pairs of laces, I put the green ones on them for fun.  :) The shoes are lightweight and true-to-size.", "The color on the web sight looks white and pink to me in person, it's all pink shades. I don't like pink on pink. If it's like that I want all leather so it won't get dirty.", "i like my shoes...", "I've played sports all my life including running, weightlifting and cycling and this  owns the crown for the worst sneaker I have ever bought. Really stiff and uncomfortable, my ankles were killing me after just a few hours but I kept them thinking they would \" break in \". Well.. they never did... ugh !! Keep in mind that sneaker fit is something unique to each person which is why its important to go to a store and have them check how you walk/run and they can recommend the proper sneaker or insoles for you. They are very durable as I tried my best to kill them but they wouldnt die..lol. I hated these sneakers more than anything I have ever put my feet in.  I finally gave up on them and bought a pair of New Balance 623 and couldnt be happier. Right out of the box the NB felt broken in and after a walk around town my feet felt rejuvenated. With the Nike's I thought that I had developed foot problems but the only problem was the sneaker. My neighbor also had the same model Nike and hated them also, and had the same complaint as me that they were uncomfortable and really made his feet hurt and legs feel tired. So for those that they worked for..wonderful. A side note, my niece is a physical therapist and they always recommend New Balance sneakers.", "I walk 12 miles every day due to job requirements.  I tried another brand of shoe recently and within 4 days the shoes were breaking down.  So I came back to this shoe because it holds up to the most demanding walking.  They are also very comfortable.  They are light enough that you are not exhausted at the end of the day.  The biggest fault with these shoes is that they tend to squeak.  I walk outside most of the time so the noise is not a big deal with me, but if you are inside, the squeaking could become annoying.", "These shoes are some of the most comfortable I have ever had. Stylish enough to use for dress occasions. Highly recommend!", "Perfect fit and great price from rock Bottom golf. Surprisingly their prices are way lower than the current market price.The glasses have a perfect fit, great coverage and are super light.Hopefully they last long. My first running pair!", "(Just to clear this up, I am James Brown's daughter.) I have a narrow foot and these fit perfectly! They are very comfortable, and have a great color combo. They are my favorite out of all the other Nikes I have bought in the past. I do normally wear a sz. 8 and I bought a sz. 8.5. I didn't buy mine from Amazon, I bought mine from a retail store. They were WAY CHEAPER there. I think they were $45 not on sale. I have been so suprised with how clean they have stayed. I would recommend them to anyone.", "I have wide feet and these are so comfortable and light. I run and weight train in them and have never had any mishaps. I used to be pretty biased with running shoes (Aasics only) but these are half the weight and make my workouts easier. I wish they made them in many more colors!!!", "I really hoped these shoes would be a great new shoe for my transition into working out more.  They were an inexpensive option, and I liked the style.However, they hurt my feet, and there wasn't any arch support at all.  I have a relatively high arch, so keep that in mind.  I am sure the size 8 was the right size for me.  The shoe just doesn't &#34;hug&#34; your foot like it should.  I feel that a great athletic shoe should support your foot while still giving the ball of your foot and your toes some space.  This shoe felt very spacious in the foot area, and my arch was left hanging to support itself.  Maybe this shoe is better for a flatter foot.I am a longtime fan of Nike shoes, so when I returned these, I purchased another Nike shoe.  I ended up trying on all of the Nikes at the store, and then I choose the Flex Experience RN 2.  It has been a better fit for my whole foot.", "These black and maize with flint greyNIKE DUNK HIGH BASKETBALL SHOESare both stylish and comfortable.  As streetwear, they look great with jeans.Built tough, these Nike Kicks have durable rubber outsole and leather upper with perforated toe for breathability.  The 'Nike Men's Dunk High Basketball Shoe' is Medium width allowing extra comfort for wider feet.SEE MY PHOTOS IN CUSTOMER IMAGESBeing lighter than the Nike Men's NIKE AIR FORCE, they are great for casual wear.  If you decide on a game of basketball with these sneakers, be careful about picking up scuff marks on the white rubber outsole!TheseNIKE DUNK HIGH BASKETBALL SHOESare 100% authentic guaranteed by the dealer and are shipped brand new in the box.  There is no doubt, this is a genuine Nike!RECOMMENDED: These lightweight  Nike NIKE DUNK HIGH BASKETBALL SHOES are avaliable inblack and redand black and blue.", "This is a good shoe but it had been used with little dirt in the bottom and it doesnt have the new shoe smell to it.", "Would not recoomend to anyone. Looks awful, like someone made it on their backyard. Glue and threads all over the sneakers. But that could be seen in the photos, my mistake that not paid attention and used zoom", "The Nike RT1 - Revolution Trainer 1 was inspired by the Nike Air Trainer 1 model. This Dark cinder-tan/Brown colorway with orange laces complements any jeans - from your trusty 505s to today's 'distressed' styles!If you find the colorway too bold, simply replace the orange laces! The Nike RT1 is shipped with an extra pair of brown laces to easily transform your kicks into 'elegantly casual' shoes!SEE MY PHOTOS IN CUSTOMER IMAGESThe shoe size runs a little larger in these Nike Men's NIKE RT1 HIGH CASUAL SHOES. (I usually wear 10.5 and 10 was fine).  The shoes are Medium width allowing extra comfort for wider feet and the ankle support is as comfortable as you can wish for!What I love the most about these RT1 High Lifestyle Shoes?  They don't show dirt as well as some other shoes! :))RECOMMENDED: The Nike RT1 High shoes are comfortable, durable and stylish. The  Black / White-Azure-Dark Grey colorway looks great!", "a lil flashy, nonetheless lasted good two years before it was completely ruined. Comfortable and rocks with anything. loved even with the hate comments", "I purchased this headband under the assumption that is would be nice material and wick sweat away. You are better off buying a cheaper alternative. Do not waste your money.", "I bought this bandana for tennis and couldnt be happier.  Look just like the pros.  Now if I could just play like one!  Nike emblem perfectly placed so you can fold accordingly to have showing when wearing.  Thicker cotton than your traditional bandana so probably more durable and longer lasting.  Very pleased.", "no more stinging eyes from perspiration. stylish to boot. thinking of ordering more in different colors. not only keeps me cool, but look cool as well.", "Captures so much more sweat compared to other headbands.  This one is worth the money for the extra thickness.  Will need washed each and every time.", "Since when have you ever known one size to fit all?If it's not elastic or expandable, don't say ONE SIZE.Say one size fits MOST...", "This is a great bandana! they always look great and don't ravel, or fade quickly.I have some of these bandanas that I have been wearing around for years, and they still look great. they are a little faded, but not to the point where you can really tell unless you are wearing a solid black shirt.", "I received the product very timely although it was not thought it was the fabric appeared to be of a great quality. Different from other bandanas I have.", "this nike swoosh bandana is really cool! I know it wont help my serve but it sure makes me feel more confident haha!", "Great comfortable sandals. A little bigger fit than I expected though.", "My son is hard to fit, but Nike it pretty reliable for him.  These go up higher on the ankle than his last pair. His calves are too thick for the velcro strap to close nicely, but it does close. He really likes them because the orange color is the texture of a real basketball.  They need some breaking-in, something I heard sneakers should not need, but we are pleased with the purchase. If you are looking for the *perfect* sneakers to fit a kid with Fred Flintstone feet, you *might* want to keep looking.", "Amazon was the only place I could find these shoes. I love them. They are adorable. They look really cute and I love the retro look they have. They fit as expected. Wish nike would start making Cortez sneakers again. The only ones I can find in kids sizes are black, which I like, but not so much for summer. Happy with my purchase. Shipping was quick, would definitely buy these again & again!", "I love them! I am a size 5 for woman. They fit good, except that I have wide foot. I will go with 4.5  ( kids size) on my next pair", "I bought these shoes and had them directly shipped to my mothers house. These were a birthday gift for her. She loves this style. Great price on amazon.", "Excellent shoe.  I will continue to buy these Nike as long as available.  I recommend any Nike shoe, they fit well and look good.  I like that they are not some weird outrageous colour, I can't wait for that trend to pass.  Bring back normal looking sneakers.", "I bought these for my daughter and she wears them all the time. She loves them. thank you for reading", "Sorry did not like these . My son said they look very cheap. and not very comfort, wouldn't ever buy again", "Love this shoe. I purchased it for my daughter and am actually looking for a pair for myself. The reason I gave it 4 stars is because it runs small (about 1 to 1.5 sizes too small).", "My favorite shoes. I just love it! fits as expected, good quality and very comfortable. Definitely worse to buy it!", "My son loved his navy blue cortez, he uses them everyday and wants some black ones too!! hopefully they will have in his size soon.", "Son's feet grow fast, and now feel a bit tight, and later in the NIKE factory and purchased a pair.", "I love the compression.  As a runner, finding an appropriate bra is difficult and frustrating, but this one works exactly how I need it.  I got a size L and it fits as expected, which is to say nothing is bouncing around.", "I received my top. It's gourgeous. Thankyou so much!!! I'll be purchasing more. for sure when I'll need more of your products!", "I'm a 34D so this ran a bit small...I need the medium. But I LOVE the NIKE sports bras! they are the best for support for running and jumping around!", "This is an awesome sports bra. Fits perfectly and very comfortable. I ordered a second one the day after wearing it for the first time! It fits true to size as well.", "It is thick and very supportive, but the bad side is it fits a bit tight. Other than that no complaint. Great sports bra.", "They do the work - GReat support & Quality Material- BUT beware of the SIZE I am Size Medium, and a large size would have been better. Enjoy!", "I wear a 36DD and the X-large worked perfectly. It is supportive, doesn't roll by your ribs when you work out and doesn't chaffe the skin when it is soaked in sweat. Even during breastfeeding I felt this was supportive enough. It has withstood the daily workout and wash every night without the spandex pieces wearing out, but it has only been two months.", "loved it! super comfy, just what I was looking for. would definitely recommend and will probably buy more of these.", "It is comfortable and keep your breasts well in place. I am a sport addict. Therefore, I needed something that will prevent my breasts to pop out when I am running or jumping. This bras does its job perfectly.", "Although I ordered my normal size (xl) I was not able to wiggle into this bra. I have a bad shoulder and really suffered trying to get it on  I returned it to Nike", "Arrived very quickly and fits perfect!!! Daughter uses it for basketball and she said it's VERY comfortable and she doesn't get that \"sweaty\" feeling.", "I bought a Nike sports bra before but the &#34;small&#34; that had 34B in its size range was too small, so I purchased a &#34;medium&#34; this time around. I'm happy to say it provides a good fit.", "I wear a DD cup and this bra is very comfortable. It is great to wear \"around the house\", or for light workouts.  I liked it so much,  I think I'll order another.", "I am a size 34 A/AA and it fits really well. The bottom band is really tight and there is plenty of stretch for those who are bigger chested, so if your band size is 34, don't order a bigger or smaller size. However, when I put it on, I heard the sound of some threads snapping, even though I was careful in trying not to let that happen. I don't know if it will become a problem or not, but so far nothing has come apart. Anyways, it fits snug and is perfect for all kinds of workouts, including jogging (i don't know about long distance or long periods of time), weight lifting, cardio, aerobics, and even high-intensity workouts. It allows for freedom of movement without being too loose. Overall- a perfect bra for any and every type of exercise.", "I love this sports bra. It fits so perfect and holds so well when working out.  It so slimming and makes me feel good when wearing it. I recently had issues finding a nice looking swim suit so I wore it with my bikini bottoms and so many people asked where i got it because it looked so good as a swim suit. I now own 3 in different colors and I will continue to buy more!", "The bra was ok. It however, did not provide the level of support I was expecting, especially for jogging.Perhaps, if one wears two of the bras at a time - it would provide the needed support.", "This Nike pro bra is great. The price you can not beat. It has worn very well and Has great support.", "I was a bit sketchy about spending a bit more money than I normally do on a sports bra, but it was totally worth it. The material is very breathable and comfortable and the band at the bottom doesn't dig into you like many other sports bras do. It is very snug and keeps everything in place, just like it's supposed to and doesn't loosen and get saggy after many wears. The one thing I noticed however, is that if you have a bit more broad or just muscular shoulders like I do, it's a bit difficult to put on and take off because it's so tight, but I guess that's the trade-off if you want a really hardcore sports bra that will keep up with all your athletic pursuits.", "it's perfect  !  It's just a tiny bit smaller than expected but still fits and is very  comfortable. I like this sports bra a lot", "This bra did its job. It wicked away sweat and it kept cool. However, the was a pointy spot in the bra that was digging into my skin at the neck area. Yet, I chose the size that was perfect for me and it had great support.", "This is a great bra!  It does its job well.  The bra is comfortable.  I ordered one at first, not sure if I would like it.  I soon ordered another one, and plan on ordering a third soon.", "It fit very well, It's confortable, It really works, nike pro bra it' s The best , if You need it for sport just buy it", "This fit perfectly.  I take a large, I bought a large and it fit like a large.  Very comfortable.  Nice enough to wear without a top over it and plenty of support.", "Seems to be too smallWill buy one size didI can not breathe.Failed to purchaseI'm sad&#12622;&#12601;", "well there must be something wrong with the designing - the size is way larger than it should be, okay???i gave it to my friend who wears one size larger than me, and it didn't even fit her ! runs tooooo big", "I cannot breathe when I wear this and I'm 5'4 109 lbs petite as it gets! It's cute though maybe some really short extremely small lady will love this.", "I love the comfort of this bra, this bra is cute alone for running or very comfortable under tops. very nice.", "I really liked this product.  It's just a tiny bit smaller than expected but still fits and is very comfortable.", "Purchased for my daughter. She plays softball and she loves this type of bra. They hold up well and last longer than other brands of sports bras.", "My daughter is involved in all star cheer and she lives in Nike Pro's.  She needed a black one and I was having a hard time finding her size in stores so I checked Amazon.  If you're looking for Nike Pro's, you know what you're looking for and this will not disappoint.", "I tend to sweat around my breasts.  This bra helped to keep me drier than most and fit well.  That is what I was looking for in a bra. One that wicked the water away.", "I don't like having to send things back, but the size was smaller than expected. The size chart said I should get a medium but it was too small.", "Have tried other brands of sports bras but always felt &#34;squished&#34;.  Not so with this one.  It's very comfortable while being supportive at same time.", "the problem with this sports bra is that, even though it is quite comfortable, I always have that una-boob look.", "My daughter is very particular about most things and she liked this. It fit nicely and doesn't move. She was happy with it.", "COMFORTABLE!  NOT BINDING, SLIPPING, PINCHING.  SOFT MATERIAL.  I LOVE IT!.  NEXT TIME I WILL ORDER A BIGGER BUST SIZE! THANK YOU...", "I love the quality and it fits awesome. I would highly recommend to others especially if they are big busted.", "Good support and smooth lines.  Seems to run a little small.  I am a runner and this bra provides the support I need.", "Great experience with this seller. As everybody says in its reviews, choose one size more than you normally be. Go ahead if is what you are looking for.", "I'm a medium & did run too small, should've purchased a large. But I did like the material, will be exchanging.", "I exercise quite heavily and this bra holds my chest in place very well also it keeps dry. Another thing; I wash this bra everyday and it doesn't lose it shape or color.They're quite expensive but theyre worth it.", "Perfect! It came quick and fits great! This brand is a little tighter so if you don't own any nike pro sports bras, then maybe try one on at a store and then order.", "best bra for not too large persons; wouldn't waste time buying the padded ones since the pads aren't big enough to keep from sliding and looking funny under shirt", "Another quality product from Nike...great support and quality material.  Fits very well and doesn't &#34;ride up&#34;.  Will definately be purchasing another!", "Just what I was looking for but couldn't find locally in my size.  This Sports Bra stays put...the breast band doesn't ride or roll up and the fabric breathes nicely, wicking away any moisture.  Very comfortable too.  I'm a 38D and the XL fit perfectly.", "This is one of my favorite bras! It fits well and holds its shape. I will be purchasing more in the future", "I have tried every sports bra on the market for cycling and pole dancing. This is by far the best sports bra you can find for medium support.  I have it in 4 different colors and this one is a replacement for the black one that I bought three years ago.  Perfect fit, breathable material, very comnfortable.  LOVE IT.", "IT fit great.  It held everything in place.  I am planning on purchasing more.  I highly reccomend buying this bra.", "Excellent product. It really met my expectations. It came on time and in good conditions. I would rate it superior.", "I like this sports bra a lot.  Wasn't sure exactly what size to order after reading the reviews.  I wear a 38C and went with the XL.  It fits great - not too binding and very comfortable, yet it still holds everything in place.", "Item arrived as described. Very pleased. fits well and washes well.This is my second sports bra. I have never been disappointed with Nike products.", "The bra fit perfect the color also was perfect and they send it quickly and in the day that they said", "The bra works great.  It is a little tight which is stated in the reviews.  The dry fit is amazing for working out.  Overall I would recommend it.", "It fits and comfortable. I like the fabric and it is good in my sport class. I would enjoy the sport more.", "Love it love it love it. This is the only kind of bra I wear to run of do any sports.", "I really like the sports Nike bras. They fit true to size. I was very happy to find this color. Fast shipping.", "I have had this bra for several months and it gives great support.  If you jump rope or play tennis, this is a great bra.", "came with certificate of authinticy.great quality shoes.my step daughters first pair of nikes (thanks to me) and she says all her friends are jealouse. so this is very good experience.thanks amazon.", "My 12 year old son loved these shoes. Fit great. He really liked the 4 colors of shoe laces that came with it (brilliant idea) and has changed colors twice already. Now if he can keep them clean for more than a minute! Very pleased with this purchase.", "They are so cute. I am going to purchase another pair. The first pair I gave to my best friend for Christmas.", "This shoe is right on trend. It is very stiff so it needs to be broken in a bit. but every time i wear them i get tons of compliments! Unfortunately it has  been very hot for me to wear them in the summer where i live but i cant wait to wear them in the fall. Also, be sure to put some type of protectant on them as they get dirty very quickly.", "I bought these sneakers for my niece who's just starting high school. She loves the fit, and I could live with the price. They're well-made, easily cleaned, and the bright yellow color is very edgy. Not for the faint of heart, these sneakers really make a fashion statement. The best part is, she won't be wearing the same sneakers as everyone else. If I were 30 years younger, I'd get a pair for myself.", "These shoes are light, durable and provide good traction for a beginning runner. We purchased these shoes for our10 year old son for summer speed camp and he loved wearing them instead of cross- trainers for running sprints. I would recommend these to anyone looking for a good track shoe.", "Very comfortable and lightweight! I used them for Zumba and strength training.  They are supportive, yet not confining. Would purchase again! Love the colors!", "I use these sneakers for classes such as HIIT, strength and toning, etc. - not as running shoes. I have been wearing them for about two months now and have not had any issues. I may be looking for something with a little less cushion going forward because of the side to side high impact nature of my workouts, since the memory foam in the ball of these shoes is not always conduscive to the explosive side to side moments and I feel my toes slipping or pressing against the side edges. But overall, I am very happy with this purchase - especially when typically I have not been a Nike sneaker person in the past (usually New Balance or Asics).", "Nice shirt, but they run a little bit smaller than most of the other Nike golf shirts. Do yourself a favor and order one size up.", "Product is beautiful, and the severity is very excellent", "My favorite shirt to wear during the summer.  Very comfortable, light, so breathable...playing on those hot summer days was absolutely no problem at all for me.  Bought another again in a different color I liked it so much.", "I get tired of writing these dang reviews. If I did not return it then it must have been ok.", "I work in the caribbean, this shirt is nice enough to wear to work, but is light enough and breathes very well definitely keeps me cool.Highly recommend.", "Very vibrant color.  Great product. Highly recommend this product.  Can be worn on its on or under a V-neck sweater.", "My clothes horse nephew is on the golf team and really liked the weight of the shirt.  Good purchase for 14 year old!", "Received the product in good condition and quality was excellent. The only slight negative feedback is that the size 'S' is slightly larger than the normal Nike polo.", "Shirt is nice and exactly what I expected. I would buy again in different color. Very nice Nike Golf shirt.", "This shirt exactly matched the shorts for which I purchased it.  Great shirt.", "When my husband's birthday rolled around this year as usual I was racking my brain trying to come up with a useful gift he would enjoy,  which is not easy to do!Since he loves to golf I went the golf gift route!  I chose this shirt,  Nike Golf Men's Tour Pleat Short,  some socks and some golf balls.Needless to say he was one happy camper!He absolutely loves this shirt!  It keeps him cool on the course and there is no  interference with range of swing motion.  He says it's extremely comfortable.The orange color looks fantastic with his gray hair.  He typically doesn't pick vivid colors such as this but based on the compliments he has received I think he's getting over the fear of bright colors!The medium fits him perfectly.  He's short for a man (5\"7) but the shirt doesn't hang down too long on him making him look frumpy.The shirt  washes beautifully and no need to put in dryer.  Just hang and it dries very quickly.  In fact it's practically dry when it comes out of the washer. :)  No wrinkles!The quality is exceptional and in my opinion worth the price!", "Nike seems to be one of those companies that size larger than most.  I have a 42&#34; inch chest and normally wear size large.  I have these shirts in large and I swim in them - both length and all over.  Medium fits better but it is almost like I need a medium-large.  I would much rather use medium than swimming in a large.Keep that in mind if you buy these shirts - other than that, they are beautiful shirts!", "Well made, nice pattern on shirt, rich subtle look. Breaths well, great material. Trying to find other colors same item my size.", "All Nike Golf shirts made from DriFit material run large in size compared to a standard t-shirt.  I typically wear a 40&#34;-42&#34; chest size L shirt; however, for these Nike golf shirts the appropriate size at 42&#34; chest is Medium (large chest and thin waist).  The body mapping fit is tighter than their standard golf shirt, which is what you would expect given the name.  If you've got some really big guns, the sleeves might be a bit tight, but this shirt fits great for a person with an athletic build.  It is made from good quality materials, but for the cost of the shirt I would expect nothing less.  You are also paying a few $ for the brand name.  Great shirt for warm weather.  Material moves well; ideal for golf or tennis, or casual wear on a hot afternoon.  The hem has a side split so it looks appropriate if worn un-tucked.", "I love these shirts, they are comfortable and cool. They are just hard to find. When you do find them they are expensive.", "I chose this rating because the socks where very soft and fit very well, I wish I would have got more.", "I like the product, but I would have liked it a lot more if it were the color I had ordered. I ordered white and pink and received black and pink.", "Too cute, great fit, washes up nicely. Love it.  My Daugherty looked cute in the outfit.  I would recommend this.", "awesome jordan set for my 3 mo. old. very cute. only complain is that i wish the booties were more thick. i ordered a black set similar to this & the booties were alot thicker but othr than that its so cute:)", "Super Cute! Mommy and Daddy to be loved it! Loved the color. The one I received was black and pink.", "if I would wanted a pink and black outfit for my daughter I wouldve chose it why didnt I get the pink and white one if yall not go.send it dont show the picture", "Bought this for my little girl. It's definitely pink and girlie but it looks different than all the other floral and animal prints.  Says up to 6 months, but my tike is still fitting in it at 7. I guess she is not a forward.", "My husband is a basketball player so im sure our princess will be as well this is the cutest outfit! I just wish you made 6 to 12 months! Arrived 2 days early ! Very pleased!", "My husband actually ordered it, but it's really adorable. No complaints and it was delivered within 2 days. Now he want another one in a different color.", "I sent one a different color I am disappointed with the product is not as it appears in the pictures before buying tengalon in mind and not be misled before making the purchasen into account", "Very cute and as pictured. This was picked out by my boys to bring lil sis home from hospital", "Bought this for my niece that's coming here in June an I hope it fits her just perfect because it's adorable", "I am currently five months pregnant with my first child, my boyfriend and I absolutely love this little outfit! I can't wait to see my babygirl in this when she's finally here :)", "Bought this for my great neice and it worked out great....we were very pleased and it was so cute and fit perfect", "Very cool shoes and excellent quality.  My boy love it. I really recommend it, very comfortable shoes. Not only for basketball.", "I have been training to get back in shape and shed the extra weight I have put on having my kids and ect.  I have very sensitive feet. Most shoes take so long for me to wear them in to make them comfortable that by the time that happens...I have worn them out!!  I recently went to the NIKE outlet and tried on so many pairs of shoes I thought were \"cute\" and had no luck until I tried these on!!  I got a great deal (59.99) and I have been satisfied with them from the day I took them home.  I was just wearing them to the gym and when I walked or jumped rope outside but I have now started wearing them to work also!!  I work in a old Hospital with hard floors and I walk ALOT during my shift(s) and these shoes are the only ones I own that I can wear the whole shift without wanting to cry!!  I LOVE THEM!!  I am dissapointed that I can purchase the same exact shoe...but I see NIKE has began to make other shoes in this line similar to these...I just hope they are as reliable as these.  #sogladtohaveashoethatworks YaY!!", "Like the other reviewer, I have a pair of Nike Free 7.0 shoes that I have worn into the ground.  Now that I am looking for a replacement pair, I see that Nike has discontinued the line and there no place online to get this version.  It's a shame because I love, love, love these shoes.  Nike, please bring back the Free 7.0 for men!", "I don't have these exact shoes but I do own a pair of Nike 7.0. Let me tell you this, these shoes are something else. They have strengthened my legs, feet, calves and my shins. I'm a heavy person, about 225lbs and I run in these to get into shape. I used these shoes to train for the agility test for the police department and I blew them away, i was the first one to cross the finish line, you should have seen the look on peoples face when I came in first. they could not believe a person of my size could run that fast.I'm not saying that I'm the fastest person alive but, training with these shoes have made me run faster by strengthening muscles that are not used when running with a regular running shoe. Regular running shoes are too soft and weaken the muscles. Nike Free Runners do the opposite, they strenghen them up. \"Awesome\" shoes and I don want to by a new pair.", "Purchased for my nephew as it is the football season and he loves them. He says they are very comfortable and they look great.", "They look really good and feel soo comfortable and comes really fast after order great seller and great product can't wait to use them for football in the spring.", "Purchased to use for my beach runs.Check your shoe size with a measuring plate before you purchase any cleat.These ran a touch narrow (I'm a ll.5D) and they're a touch tight unless I wear the absolute thinnest socks I can find.Very comfortable though and decent arch support for a cleat.", "Feels cheap, but the lens is pretty good.  It is large and fits comfortable on my nose and side of face.I think Oakley makes much better sun glasses, but for the price this is not bad.I would not recommend this product because it is too expensive for such a cheap feeling sunglasses.", "These were a gift for my daughter who requires complete eye protection. They were received quite well, she loved them!", "Seller sent quickly.  These are a great combo everyday/exercise pair of sunglasses.  Light is blocked from the sides, wrap around design so you barely see the frames when wearing them.  Stays secure, yet doesn't push on sides of my head and the nose bridge doesn't irritate or slide around.", "I love how the lenses are a good size to block out sunlight from coming right over the top.  They really are pretty glasses.  I have the tortoise and black pairs.  I get lots of compliments on mine.  They are also super comfy on my face; hardly know they are there.", "These sunglasses fit great and are dark enough to block out the bright Florida sun. This is my second pair of Nike sunglasses and both are great. Very comfortable. Highly recommend.", "this are bamf shoes and i reccomend emlace em up right and show em offi got tow pairs in diff colors and love emthey are loudstylishand casualgood shoes***", "Of the nicest shoes that i buy in my life, it's very comfortable to walk and strikin&lt; i love it", "Only after few days, the rubber outsole separated at the edge from the leather, the glue that Nike used is not strong enough. The shoes are comfortable, but I won't buy the Classic again.", "I wear a 10, I got 10.5 and they are tight around the bridge of my feet. But I just got them and they'll probably wear in. Nicely made, good quality otherwise. But if these don't relax after a bit I may have to return them.", "My son loved these shoes they are true to size and the price was ok...Nike is something my kids wear most of the time", "Great casual shoes and are pretty comfy!  They were shipped very fast and I will def buy again! Very satisfied.", "I usually buy Vans because I like the comfort, style, grip, and durability. However, I went out on a limb and tried Nike because I heard their line of skate shoes was pretty good. When I bought these I did not skate, however, two months later I picked it up. Normally, skaters go through shoes pretty consistently, if they're good enough to at least ollie. I was not. Over the course of a month, the sole of my shoe wore down until there was huge gaping hole in the bottom. Now, bare in mind, I did nothing technical. No jumps, tricks, or any of that. I was just learning the basics... like rolling and stopping. However, the sole wore down until it was a smooth surface which could grip nothing. The same would have happened if I didn't skate, it just would have taken about three months longer. I do not recommend these shoes, especially for the 60$ price tag. If you're buying for style, sure, go for it I guess. If you do skate, do not buy them under any condition.", "i got these shoes at famous footwear, and they are good shoes. the only problem i have is that the insole is too thin, but that can be fixed", "This shoe is light weight and comfortable. It is neutral in color so it goes with just about anything. My son has enjoyed them.", "my nike shoe is beautiful, fits me perfect is super comfortable to walk also aesthetically very nice design and the colors are more beautiful than the picture. highly recommended 10 points for the seller", "Best sandals I ever bought.  I think they have now changed style and makes me sad.  Would purchase over and over.", "my son wears a 3 in shoes and so i bought the 4 so he can wear them by summer and i got the shoes and try them on him and they r to small so i am going to have to by him anther pair", "This shoes are very comfortable, they are also good for playing basketball. The only one thing is they get dirty really fast, so take care of them. They remind me of the 80's and 90's style. There awesome!!", "I ordered a size 8,5 and 9,5 mistakenly sent. I paid so much money for nothing, I could not go back to the shoe because It's more expensive than shoes in my country.", "This shoe is so uncomfortable i want my money back. The shoe is so wide, I have thin feet make shoes that will fit me", "I bought one and liked it well enough that I got all the colors now. They have fast become my favorite go to shirt. I live in Texas and these are great in the hot months. I ordered a large. I weigh 185 and it fits like it was made for me.", "Great buy!Shirts do exactly what they promise.  Light-weight, comfortable, moisture-wicking.  Great for the tropics.  My husband loves the shirts.  I bought him 3 more!", "My husband plays in a band and it gets very hot and sweaty after a couple of hours!  These shirts look great under a jacket and help keep the musicians cooler and more comfortable hour after hour.", "Most comfortable shirt ever, arrived very quickly, what more could you ask for, except would like to have more color choices!", "I bought this bag and have had it for a year. It is a good bag for maybe a 4 year old, or if you need to organize your sports stuff around your house. This is not a good bag for team sports. It has a bat compartment which can barely fot 2 bats, and if you put your helmet in the main compartment it becomes impossible to put your bat in the bag. THIS BAG HAS NO SPACE WHATSOEVER. I would strongly urge you to get something bigger.No shoe compartment, no water bottle compartment. My local Nike store was selling this bag for only $12, dont waste your money.", "Excellent product. It served me well for quite some time and I would definitely buy another. Other bags just can't compare.", "The shoes looked nice and were comfortable, but wore out quickly. My husband has had other Nike products, but all of those lasted much longer.", "LOVE THESE SOCKS!! They fit my 6 year old perfectly!  They are snug but not so tight they leave a mark on the ankles. They stay put and don't shift when putting on shoes.  Love them. Ordering more today.", "a year with this excellent product, i just  recommend it 100%, it is worth, look really nice, very modern and flexible", "Wow", "I bought these a year ago and I love them to this day.  Continue to get compliments on them.They don't show much of the dirt or wear like other shoes I've had.", "Bought these shoes as a cheap/retro option as opposed to spending like 100 bucks on 90's Air Max shoes. These shoes are awesome, tons of compliments, and I even go to work in them-so comfortable.", "I guess I'm a nike running sneak kinda guy.  These are light, comfy, and look great at the same time.thnx Nike -", "Bought this for my little 8 year old cousin and what can I say it holds all his books, supplies, and cute!", "My son received these for Christmas (after begging and hinting for months).  He wasn't disappointed.  The shoes are of great quality.  The Nike size chart I printed out was a great help and very accurate.  I would recommend these.", "What is the size of this shoe?plz give us more info..and what color is available..??can i used it for bike??tnx..", "I couldn't decide on which socks to get these the Nike Dri-Fit Quarter Socks Extra Large 3 pack at $14.48 with $6.50 shipping or the Dockers Men's 6-Pack Athletic Quarter Socks at the cost of $12.88 and prime free shipping so I ordered both and received them yesterday and this is what I think now I wear a size 9 and based on all the reviews of the socks being too small or snug I decided to get the extra-large for the Nike Dri-Fit, Surprise Surprise there to small stretched tight they will go on, not comfortable though , the left and right is ok I guess no big  deal but what you have to think about is if they don't fit what are you going to do with them like in my case at $6.50 for shipping both ways that's $13.00 not worth sending back will wind up giving them away to somebody. So this is 1 star.Next I tried the Dockers socks sizes 6 to 12, it was a great fit going on ,I wore them all day at work and love them they breath good and are comfortable, and if you don't like them no shipping!I give them 4 stares not amazing but for the price - comfortable- quality - no shipping charge there worth it.The quest will not end!", "I wear a size 13 1/2 shoe and these fit perfectly. Would not want to have a much larger foot but for me these are the best. I wear them for work, hiking, sports, etc. Recommended for active folks!", "if you have bid feet like me , these are the socks to get . fits just right , not too big and not too tight . get them !! i command thee !!!", "These socks have great moisture-wicking capabilities and feel great to wear, but they're tight in the ankle for someone who is a size 13.", "I ordered X-large. They are, at best, medium. Much too tight for my size 13 feet. A 2X might work if they had one.", "Fair price for a very good product. Socks feel great on my feet, just be careful when doing laundry as you'll need to make sure you pair them up correctly", "Socks size 14 are really hard to find.  Very happy to have found this site to purchase size 14 socks.The fit was what I expected.", "great socks to wear while working out, gives you an added sense of comfort.i've brought the white and black socks.", "These are exactly what you're looking for if you are an active individual that tends to sweat a lot in your sneakers. They fit perfect on my size 12 foot, they came as advertised, and they definitely help absorb the sweat the normally would have soaked my feet while playing sports.In fact, these are so effective I've begun wearing them casually.", "They seemed very tight when I put them on, but the fit is very comfortable and you really don't notice it once you're on your feet. The thing I like most about them is my feet don't get hot and even very sweaty. This is important when working out in the Texas heat.", "The Nike DryFit socks are always nice for casual athletic needs. I wear these golfing and can't say enough good things about them. They do what they need to and they do it well. I can tell they are much better at moisture management than basic cotton socks.", "I am 6'3\" and ordered these in XL. On me, they are not 3/4 pants, more like basketball shorts. Still, besides the length, they fit nicely and the material feels pleasant.", "Great sock so far, worn on my last ten workouts and not had an issue. Knocked a star off for cost.", "As the description says ... Excellent product, new Nike standing out, the texture of the means is completely different from a conventional! fit your feet do not have measures heel. They fit like someone said.! totally recommended.", "I bought these for my husband who golfs and he is size 10 and a half in shoes but these socks do not disappear below the ankle but clearly comes up too high and clearly leaves very ugly tan line right around the ankle!!!", "These are some high quality socks. Couldn't ask for more from the material, stitching, etc. Only reason I have it 4 stars was because I thought they would be a little shorter. They come to right around my ankle, where I thought they would be below it.", "Great price and they really do help the hubby with his sweaty feet in boots all day! Will buy more for sure!", "My son was very happy with this shirt. He now has two of them. Light weight material but I let them hang dry. No dryer.", "I got this sneaker as a Christmas gift for my 11 year old nephew. It was wonderful to see his face light up. The item was as advertised. Arrived in a timely fashion. Packaging was not beat up so I didn't need a seperate box for gifting. The sneakers fit well & my nephew says they are rather comfortable.", "My 9 year old son loves these Nike Blazers I purchased for him! He pretty much wears them every day.", "La bota recibida, se ve mejor en f&iacute;sico que en foto, a mi hijo le encanto, excelente zapato y excelente vendedor, llego en la fecha pautada.", "I love these socks, in as much as anyone can get excited about socks. I have size 11 feet and they're a good fit. The left and right are specifically tailored which I didn't expect (one has an L and the other R stitched into it). For summer these are perfect, I'm buying more.", "Hmmm, when I got these they were a small fit on my USA sized11 foot.  In addition the material is very slippery.  I suggest washingthem--but, don't dry them or you'll kill the material--a couple times.", "My husband swears by these socks........he claims best socks on the market. Would recommend them for anyone!!! Try and you will see why!", "These sock fit great and I love that you know which foot to put them on.  Its said right and left.  Veery comfortable.", "I had high hopes after reading some of the other reviews, but these socks like all other anklet socks I have tried bundled up in the bottom of my shoe.", "Wish they were made here.... Otherwise I would say they were great but instead they are just what I call nice.", "This was a mistake for me. I wear size 12 socks and these slid down at the heel. I gave them to my wife and they are okay for her.", "EXCELLENT PRODUCT AND SERVICE. QUALITY SOCKS THAT KEEP YOUR FEET DRY. NOT TOO THICK AND EXTRA SUPPORT AT HEEL. EVEN TELLS YOU WHICH SOCK GOES ON WHICH FOOT.", "Basically I received a defective batch of these socks. I contacted the company, 3balls golf, and they emailed me next day to let me know they were processing my refund! Thanks for not making the transaction a nightmare. Kudos on your customer service! 3 bals golf gets 5 stars from me, but I have to take a star off because the product was defective.", "it is a good product but i'd like that it was a 100% cotton, after all it's ok for me", "The smell of the leggings is terrible. I washed them twice and they still stink...I would have been better off buying some from Walmart. .", "These are really cool shoes. I have to say, but to be honest, the insole makes mine feet hurt and that's the most disappointing detail.  Changing the insole will cost extra money, so I really don't know what to do with it.", "Seriously, they're great sunglasses. But don't buy them. I don't want everyone else to have them. Then we'd all look silly because we'd all have the same sunglasses. Man, that would be really awkward.", "These sunglasses are a great find for the price point. Can't go wrong with these shades for the summer time.", "These are my first pair of Nike sunglasses, Nike Adrenaline Polarized Matte Black/Grey.They look amazing, the lens quality is on the same level as Oakley. The frame seems very sturdy, durable, and have a sporty look to them.My only con is they fog up a little bit, hence the 4 stars and not 5.", "I love my new sunglasses!  great fit, just as described not a scratch on them.  I will order antoher pair.", "LOVE them!Comfortable and great wearing.Good wrap style.Not to thin.Look good on a female face.Highly recommend.", "There is nothing special about these glasses. In fact they feel kinda cheap compared to quality pairs like Costa or Maui Jim. However, they look great on my face, have decent lenses and are waaaaay cheaper then most other quality polarized sunglasses. I am very satisfied with my purchase!", "I saw these on retail for $120, got them for about $70 on Amazon.  Very stylish, looks and feels great on.  I usually buy the cheap $15-20 throw away sunglasses.  The level of quality is much noticeably greater.  Couldn't be happier with my buy.", "They fit well and look great but the lenses get scuffed up way too easily. Looks like I need to get them replaced shortly.", "I bought these because I wanted to have a pair of sunglasses to play golf in and possibly flag football without them slipping off my face.  They fit almost too good as where the glasses contact my ear becomes sore after wearing these for a prolonged period of time.  Overall I am happy with the product and the price on Amazon.", "Work well, but I like them a bit smaller.  The actual ones I wanted have been discontinued.  Still alright I guess", "Cumple con todas la especificaciones tecnicas ofrecidas, buen material, precio accesible por lo que justifica comprar este modelo y esta marca. El color es tal y como se muestra en la imagen y no hubo ninguna novedad ni sorpresa, recomiendo la compra de este producto", "I really do like this pair of shoes; feels so comfortable and also looks nice on feet :)I will look for different color ( gray ) to buy", "This review is to anyone that orders from this company I really give them a thumbs up they were great in customer responds and there product was actually what i wanted and more thanks again for you business.", "Nice", "Good shoes my daughter really like them very stylish and comfortable shoes.  They should do more colors and larger size for women with larger feet.", "Too large", "I've been buying from amazon for a long time now and never had any complain, but this time was a total desepcion!! i ordered this item for my 9 years old boy and i couldn't believe what i saw when i opened the package..it was a totally diferent item!!!! they sent me a girl runing shoes!!! totally but totally diferent thing and besides..for girl!!! i am very desapointed with this transaction and the worst think is that i can not send it back..i live in Paraguay so you can imagine how much it will cost me. anyway don't even think of buying this!!!", "I am back for another pair of these shoes for my 8 year old.  I bought two pairs last year for my 2 boys and they were great.  They held up amazingly well---so my younger son is getting hand me down pair from his brother.  But they were so comfy, easy for the boys to put on, they go with everything, even look good for church in the summer, because they are black.  Very happy with this purchase!", "Okay, so Keens these are not, but these are an awesome little every day sandal for the beach.  My 5 year old has had a new pair of these each summer and they are highly adjustable, comfy and endure serious wear.  They are not tough, hiking-style sandals like Keens (which we also purchase each year), but they are so easy for him to get on and off and allow sand to flow through so easily that I would highly recommend to anyone.  Buying his next size for our upcoming vacation right now...", "order not avalible when it was supposed to be shipped upped it one size and now are huge for my 3 year old...", "We have loved these sandals for a few years now and finally found them online. Thank goodness! Our five-year-old can put them on and tighten them himself, which he loves, and they are super easy to clean as well.. which is good because they definitely pick up any &#34;perfume&#34; that might be emitted from the dirty feet of a boy who plays hard in the sun. (In other words, they get stinky quick, so it's a good thing they stand up to being washed regularly.) Hope they have these in a lot more sizes, because we'll be buying them until his feet stick out of both ends. :)", "I buy these sandals for my grandsons every year.  They look nice, wear well, and are easy to get off when they fall asleep in the car!  They last the whole season and are even washable.  Next year I will be buying 3 pairs! (another new grandson)", "I've bought these sandals for my 1 year old son (when he just started to walk). He loves them a lot. Comfortable and fit good. Yesterday bought the second pair for this summer.", "We bought these shoes for our son age 5 yrs old. He has a wide foot. This fit him perfectly in width as well as length. They are so compfortable for him. They withstand the wear and tear that boys do on a daily basis. I normally don't pay this much for a shoe but we have gotten these in the past and they are awesome shoes to have to go anywhere in. They are sooo worth it !!!", "Great brand, my son loves the style! I bought the same sandle 2 years ago and still likes the way they fit", "I ordered these shoes long time ago. Walked n then every day. They still look new. They are very comfortable and the price was half of the Nike stores. I am about to order some more. I totally recommend it", "My husband loves these shoes.  They are comfortable and supportive.  He says they feel like he is walking on air.  They are perfect.", "estos tenis los compre para mi hijo y qued&oacute; feliz cuando llegaron, son muy bonitos y el embalaje fue perfecto!!", "My son is happy with these Nike shoes. We have always bought Nike shoes, and these shoes arrived quickly and the price was fair.", "I have a pair of Lunar hi-tops, so took a chance on the Lunar+2's based on liking the aforementioned  pair...I'd read conflicting reviews of 'good arch support'/'no arch support'....'narrow toe box'/'ample toe box'......I overpronate and wear orthodics in my running shoes....a deep heel, wide toe box, and solid, all-around support from the shoe are essential to me....The lunar 2 + has moderate arch support and a deep heel and med/wide toe box and offers good all around foot support. My orthodics fit comfortably after removing the Nike orthodic/footbed.  These shoes on sale are worth your dime....", "These Nike sneakers are stylish and comfortable (one of the most comfortable sneakers I own).  They come in various colors and are not big and clumsy on your feet.  Love Them!!!", "the product was as advertised when it arrived. when purchasing online, without seeing the product and being able to try it on if it is a clothing item, you can never be sure it is what you wanted when deciding to purchase but this item was exactly as it appeared in the advertisment. The fact that you can see the item from different angles in the ad was helpful.", "my son loves this hooded top it is probably his favorite top to wear - can't get the hood off him.", "I bought this fleece for something to wear on the cooler days.  It is very comfy and soft, and the fit on me was excellent (Medium size)I have also recently used it while jogging and it serves this purpose well. It isn't overly restrictive and keeps me nice and warm. Fair pricing on the quality. All in all, im happy and it was a worthwhile buy.", "The fleece feels warm & looks great.  I am happy with my purchase that got here super, super fast!  I just don't know what everyone was talking about regarding a pocket for securing an mp3 player.  I've seen no pockets, but that's not a big deal.  It looks great on me.  I am 6'3\" 175lbs & the XL fits great.", "Bought in one size larger for my hubby for christmas....he requested the one size larger for added room.  Washed very well, no fading in the color and no shrinkage in the size.  He loves it!", "Great fabric, warm and comfortable. I plan to buy other sweaters from nike. Fits well, actually a medium. I would recommend this sweater.", "This is item was exactly what I wanted and it arrived a day before i thought it would be here", "This item was requested by my Grandson for Christmas and he certainly liked it because he wore home that night and I have seen it on him numerous times.", "My girlfriend got this hoodie for me for valentines day bc she was tired of seeing me wear the same hoodie everyday. Arrived on time. Its nice and soft with cool metal tips on the strings with the nike logo. Simple but nice product that I have really enjoyed", "I just received these and they are nice golf shoes. They fit to size which is not always the case. They are also comfortable when I tried them on. Should be great after break in.", "Shoes are very comfortable and look great. The delivery was excellent also. I would definitely recommend the shoes to anyone looking for an affordable, stylish and comfortable shoe", "I think there should have been a warning that the shoes are what we call 'small-sizers', i.e. you have to get those with at east one size bigger than your actual size so it could fit.", "I don't usually buy shoes on-line, but I thought I'd try. These fit fine. I like 'em. And, they look good!", "These shoes are a great value with a nice fit, comfortable soft feel.  The spikes hold firmly and cleats are easy to clean off with a simple tab on the ground.", "Nike runs small but this fits great!!! Definitely worth the price. We go golfing every weekend now just remember to ask for extra spikes to be replaceable...", "Exactly as described.  Stylish and comfortable.  I would highly recommend.  I would tell you to stop procrastinating if you contemplating purchasing.", "I have been using this for the past year and these shoes feel great and look good too. i have had no issues with these and would buy them again if i had too but by the wear and tear looks like i wont have to since they are holding up great.", "Very comfortable and effective on the course.  The price was also surprisingly good given the quality of this shoe compared to others I have tried.", "Excelente compra. Llegaron r&aacute;pido, los tenis NikeSon de muy buena calidad y este modelo son elegantesCombinan muy bien con unos Chinos Kakis.", "I bought these shows for my father as a gift. First I had some doubts that would these even fit or not but was really relieved that they were of the perfect fit. They are really light in weight and have a really nice built quality.The underneath grip is strong and wont slip on wet surfaces.Overall a very good product and looking for some good years of golf ahead :)", "The shoes look great and fit well.  I did order an extra wider size since these shoes run a bit narrower than expected.  I ordered the wide size.", "Good shoes, only bad thing is the slim laces which sometimes make it difficult to tie properly.Work well during wet courses, they normally dry fast too.*** 6 months of use and the heel is starting to unglued, this is a major flaw from all nike shoes in general.*** 9 months of use and i regret buying them, the quality of the materials is very low, the synthetic leather is getting ripped into little holes around the side of the toes, i don't think they will stand for a whole year in a good condition.***  Better to pay more for a better brand and quality product! like a fj.", "These golf shoes look good, feel good, and perform great. They are very solid when addressiing the ball while swinging. No slipping at all even on a soggy course. The only problem I had was that they were a little thin by the toes. I walked 9 holes the first time I worn them on  a wet course and my feet and socks stayed dry. Overall a good shoe just be certain of getting the right size.", "My husband loves them and thanked me for finding them!!  Gold=f season is here so they will be put to good use!!", "Comfortable as tennis shoes. Hold up to rain and heat.  Would definitely purchase again. Can't believe a golf shoe is this comfortable.", "I am a very big person so when I buy new shoes or boots I keep in mind that the feet I was born with are the only pair I ever get.Big or small don't matter though.The nike golf shoes are very comfortable even after walking eighteen holes of golf,five to eight miles depending on the golf course I play at.When I went to the course the first time with these shoes I carried my old ones with me.To my surprise after 18 holes my old shoes were still in golf bag and felt like I could've kept playing.The cleat setup works very well and still comfotable when walking on hard flat surfaces.You can spend two to three hundred dollars on a pair of golf shoes if you choose to,but why spend that kind of money when buying a shoe when nike specializes in sport shoes.They are comfortable,stylish,and reasonably priced.Nike also stands behind their product 100%.", "Very nice looking, comfy, great price.  But my husband had to borrow a shoe stretcher.  Hopefully since the are leather it will help. They get narrow right where your toes get wider.  Not the best manufactured shoe - but then again it was sold at an outlet store...", "These shoes are fine for the money.  They are very light.  Some of the reviews call them \"thin\" at the toes.  I think this translates into \"narrow\" at the toes.  I have a pretty wide foot and probably would have opted for a pair of golf shoes that were wider at the toes if I had tried them on at a store - but I have put in a pair of shoe trees which seems to be stretching them out where needed.", "I bought these for my husband for Christmas. He is pleased with them. Although he did mention they should have come with a small tool to change out the spikes on the bottom. All of his previous pairs (all Nike) came with this as well as spare spikes.", "I ordered these online because I needed a wide shoe.  I tried on a pair of these at Academy, but the size was 12.  I could get my foot in, but it was really crammed.  I bought these 1 size bigger, in a wide, and it still was very tight.", "I got these in a 12W and they feel great. Nice coloring and the quality looks great. Can't wait to try them on the golf course!", "The style and color of these golf shoes was a big hit right from the opening of the box. After trying them on and walking around the living room carpet our grandson was overcome with thanks and joy.", "Good product at an affordable price.  Only complaint is it has a few too many spikes on bottom and may need to remove a couple.  Other than that, good look, good fit.", "These shoes fit well and are both comfortable and stylish.  Easy to walk 18 holes in them.  I have a wide foot and the extra wide width was perfect for me.", "They were better as seen on the web. Fix very comfy but are too wide the first time I use them. Then the shoe fits my feet.I sure recommend it.", "I picked these out for m dad for Xmas and he lives them . They're great for the low price I was worried ordering them no knowing if they'd fit without my dad trying them on . But they fi great .", "This is a great buy. The shoes are made extremely well and the cost is surprisingly affordable. I would highly recommend these shoes.", "The golf shoes are very comfortable and light, besides that, the first time I used them I made a hole in one...", "Product arrived right on schedule, and fit perfect to size, Very comfortable. I will recomend these to a friend and buy more for myself", "These socks are high quality and don't slip down on your foot into your shoe when you walk.  Very soft and comfortable.", "My husband wears size 15 wide shoes and these size XL socks fit him well, not hard to get on at all, they have nice cushioning on the soles. They stay soft after many washes too.", "The men and youngsters in my life who received a pair of these socks in their Christmas stockings were wearing them during the holidays for around the house and seemed to enjoy them.", "Did not fit as expected. Fast shipping. Great quality", "Fast shipment esp around the holidays. Socks fit as they should and price was awesome, socks are socks but I will buy them here!", "These socks are perfect for physical activity.  I run, play basketball and workout in them.  Your feet will be completely dry but the sock will be soaked.  I'll be buying more if I can find them on sale.", "My boys really enjoyed getting these for christmas in their stockings, they go thru alot of socks but these are holding up well!!", "Pretty well pleased overall. Were nice this summer.Barely cover feet, but okay. I would order theseagain if need be.", "Good Pair of Men's Socks - bought for my husband.  He liked the fit and feel.  I would suggest these to others.", "These are some good socks!  I love the extra padding on the bottom. They are great for working out or wearing casually.  They're a nice height and the sizing is good.  They're all around really nice.", "Great for working out or  casual wear. I highly recommend! They keep my feet dry all day long.  This is a great value and product.", "These don't seem to be authentic.Not the best quality, but they are okay. I would not buy these again.", "socks are socks, but these fit good and wash out very well.  I am completely satisfied with this purchase and would purchase again when necessary.", "Wasn't happy with the packaging. I bought these for my son as a Christmas gift and when I received them, they were not packaged in plastic or had any type of tag that would show they were new. They were just loose and looked like they were thrown in the box as if I'd picked them out of someone's dresser drawer.", "I love these socks for bike riding and traveling.  The are especially useful when going through airport security.  They were available in XL for my big feet.", "they make me feel like a king due to the very good construction and how they look when I don't have my shoes on...", "Good Socks, definite purchase for those who like to dress with style and also active. I purchased 2 x 3 pairs", "Good socks. Have held up well and padding helps keep feet from getting too sore.  Will purchase them again when these wear out.", "I wear a size 15 and have flat feet - to start.  I blew out my ankle in high school and have NO ARCH in one foot.  My ailments aside, these socks fit GREAT and seem to actually provide some support which, if you've got big feet, you need all the support you can get.These aren't cheap, but I would consider them a value for going to the gym, golfing, anything where you don't want to look like a clown cause your socks are so damn big.", "I take size 13 and these were reported to be 12-15.I could barely get them on and then they were too tight.", "These socks are 100% knock offs. I have purchased Nike products for years and years. When these came I could tell from the get go they were 100% fake. They came wadded up in grey plastic bag. There were no tags on them. The Nike logo looks all jacked up. They do not feel like moisture wicking fabric. They are not good quality. I paid a lot for these socks and I am sending them back. If you have experienced true moisture wicking Nike socks in the past then as soon as you receive these you will know they are knock offs. Beware!", "Prompt delivery, decent packaging and product is as advertized.I have tried more expensive running socks and wasn't expecting much from this one when I ordered it but it turned out that this is my best running socks - stable/perfect fit (I wear size9 shoes, ordered Large socks), very comfortable, does not overheat so yes, moisture management at work. Not a Nike fan but for this one, have to say 'good job!'.", "These fit nice nice and snug like I like them.  They have a band around the middle that hug your feet and unlike other Nike socks I have had they hold there shape", "I bought these socks from the seller-- Happy Feet-- and they sent me the pairs wadded up in a grey plastic bag, it almost looked like they were knock-offs... and i still don't know if they are or not. There was no Nike packing around them. I can't rate the socks because i don't even know if they are real or not.", "Perfect fit and feel great all day. Just played softball in them last night 90+ degrees and it was a doubleheader and I never even noticed them feeling wet, washed them today and they still look brand new. Will probably order another 3 pack.", "Purchased for my son, he loves them!Comfortable, fit perfectly, and keep moistureaway! Arrived on time, and just as described!Thanks!", "My son loves these socks.  He like the no show part of them and always wears black socks. They keep his feet dry and are comfortable.", "I tend to just wear plain old socks so these feel weird when you first put them on but after that they feel nice.", "nike socks are my favorite and these are awesome, have had them for about 6 months now and they are still comfortable they are soft and kinda padded more than a regular sock and just gives you the feel that you like, great product!", "The pants are good, usual Nike quality, but strangely they were too large. I am wearing L and I bought these ones in M size only because they were Nike and my previous experience with Nike casual pants were great. thus, I decided that it's worth a try with an M... I was shocked to take them out of the box to realize that the waist was o for a L, so it fits me, but the length was for an XL (at least). No big deal, a tailor solved the problem, but still... The difference in size is huge! Otherwise, good quality stuff.", "Great product. I'm very happy with these sunglasses they don't slip, their comfortable and clear. They are perfect for running and outdoor exercising.", "The sunglasses are very light and comfortable to wear. The large lenses keep the glare out of the eyes. They don't flop around when running.", "These fit my face perfectly but they fog up on my long runs and I've noticed that sweat seems to collect and then dribble down at the bottom. I have high cheek bones and these stay in place when I smile which is great (but maybe that's what's causing the fogging issue?).", "These are stylish, fit my face well, and, for running, stay in place.  I am very happy with these sunglasses.", "It is fit rigth the color was the same, all the protection for avoid scratch in the glasses it is very fine", "These glasses have a great fit. They stay in place while running without any chafing or irritation. The large lenses and wide view don't interfere with my view. They are lightweight and I often forget I am wearing them.", "IT IS light weightstylishI love the red logo on the side of the armthe price is right", "My face is a bit wider than usual, and with Asian fit characteristics.Lens are wide enough but I expected a bit wider, they are as tight as they could be, without being uncomfortable.Nice and comfortable, but a bit wider would have done the job.", "I love these Nikes because you can use them for extreme casual use, or to dress up a bit. Perfect for me.", "I purchased this for my son and he loved it. Well made and looks cool. The quality is truly exceptional", "I was very pleased with this book bag. Very sturdy and nice. My son absolutley loves it and not to mention it came very quickly!!Thanks Amazon. I will be ordering again!!", "The backpack itself is really nice. I like the overall look on it and it's decent sized. The one thing that I absolutely do not like is the zipper broke after my first use of the backpack!! If you are going to get this just dont add a lot of items to it or the zipper will break.", "I love my bag, I want one in red if it's available.The price was affordable and looks just like the picture!!!", "Was a Christmas present and my son loved it. I will be ordering another in the near future. Very pleased.", "&#34;I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS BACKPACK&#34; - The comfort, size, and style of it, speaks for itself.  A must have for any fan of &#34;Jordan&#34; apparel.", "I bought this product for my son for school.  Well made product , a lot of room . My son loves the back pack. I would recommend this product", "My son loves these shoes; he's on a competitive soccer team and they've been holding up just great--He is age 10.  Look good and fit well.", "Great shirt, love the comfortable fit and the easy care material, just wash,dry & go. Fits true to size for my son, who is tall. I ordered a large for him, good length in sleeves, he is 6'4&#34;, so might run long for someone who is shorter.", "I bought this as a Christmas present and he was very happy with the quality of the shirt.  I was very pleased with how quickly it was shipped.", "I do a lot of hiking in the mountains in Arizona and keeping the sun off your skin in key to a healthy and pain free hike. The long sleeve keeps the sun off and it is lite enough and wicks away sweat so I can wear it all year.", "Nice Packaging, great gift for the man in your life! Nice thin tri-fold wallet, great price for a high end brand!", "I like these shoes because they don't have a bunch of loud colors.. I prefer simple shoes and these are it.. Love them..", "These shoes are really awesome!  I did not buy them for running, but I love the simplistic look of the white and silver.  I wear them all day to work and they are really comfortable.", "I just got them and i already love them. They were just what i was looking for and they got to me fast.", "these cleats came very fast and I loved the fit and texture of the inside. they were definitely of the same quality as going into a store and they caost a whole lot less", "You can't go wrong with Nike so it's all about the look...and my daughter loves the colorful look of these.", "The shoes are poorly made,they look nice but they don't have enough support.hard to believe nike would make something like this.", "A lot of sneakers nowadays only have about a year or so worth of mileage before they get holes on the back heel and basically have to be replaced. I had a pair of Jordans that lasted maybe 7 months before there was a hole where water from the rain could get in. These sneakers on the other hand are just now starting to wear down in the back and it's barely worn down. I can still see most of the groove and get a good grip where I walk.This is definitely a quality sneaker, and considering I am a size 15, it is probably one of the few nice looking ones in my size.", "One of the rare Nike shoes available in wide. Does not compare to expensive options, but if you are looking for a cheap pair nothing else is in the ballpark.", "I got them in quick. I wear them for training.They are good shoes. I love nike they are the only shoe brand i will buy.", "I liked it but this one doesn't have the new tag either. But I felt a bit uncomfortable with it.", "excellent product excellent, very good shoes I love and attention was immediate, as received in good condition 100% recommended you purchase another opportunity lo maximo nike shoes ufff", "The sneakers arrived on time, undamaged and clean. These sneakers fit well and the break in period was short. The are durable and look nice as well.", "a shoe that fits my needs, I can use all the time and I find it very comfortable and versatile", "Arrived in 3 day which was great. Great packaging, the shoes looked better than the picture my husband loved them!", "They say you get what you pay for. Based on the outragest high prices of merchandise these days, i expected too much.The market is out of control with greed.", "The shoes is perfect for a game of basketball or early morning jog. The appearance of this shoe is nice and has a comfortable feel, for the price.", "Zapato ideal para el uso diario, no necesariamente es de uso exclusivo de jugar baloncesto. El modelo es muy ajustado al pies.", "Muy buenos y sirven para el basket, Gracias!! buenos zapatos eran los que estaba buscandoGracias!! buenos zapatos eran los que estaba buscando", "I purchased these shoes for my son because he was long over due for a new pair, they looked good and the price was good. I also thought that the design of the shoe would serve their purpose for my son to break a couple of ankles. Hoop it up baby boi.", "very good fit still had a little room to play in the toe area, good deal will surely buy again", "I love the shoe. The fit was perfect and provided the comfort I was looking for. I am at ease knowing that without having tried  the shoe on I got what I expected and beyond. Perhaps I will order shoes again.", "These shoes run small; I had to get 1 full size larger for them to fit correctly with a regular tube sock. Light, good looking, can't comment on their longevity yet. I am using them for bicycle riding; I have found them to be comfortable for my purpose.", "The shoes shine really well, of good material. The size fits perfectly to the standards as what I had no problems with them. For its relation I boast / quality recommend it extensively", "I bought these shoes for son. He has wide feet and it's hard to find nice name brand shoes in wide. These were great for him. They fit perfect, comfy, and they are great looking.", "Love this shoe, bought a pair for my son after. Almost one year and still going strong.  Right size for my big feet.", "This was bought for the hubby who was pleased with both the style and fit. Delivery was prompt....and the price was great.", "Nice looking running shoe,, comfortable to walk in, but not for running. I would recommend this shoe for individuals who want to walk. Didn't like it too much for running.", "Excellent fitted shoes and well ventilated. I purchased these and was very satisfied. The order was correct with no issues the show were in excellent condition.", "I've been looking all over to find wide (4E) size shoes in stores. I couldn't so I ordered this to test out. Not only this shoes fits comfortably it's a good everyday shoes. No more irritation from side of feet or ankles. It breaths fine. It's also good for hills and long walks. It's on heavy side so I wouldn't use it for jogging or running. Other than that there were perfect for me.As for build quality, I only wore them 2 months so I can't say much about that, but so far no problem here.", "These shoes are the most comfortable shoes ever.  They are so light and airy.  Bought them for work shoes and they are amazing.  My feet feel great after a long day at work.  And so far, they seem to be holding up to the huge amount of walking I do.  Great purchase.", "I have to wear wide shoes. These shoes fit very comfortably and are great for walking. Shoes also look pretty sharp. They were a buy.", "The products are very good, total qualityThe products are very good, total qualityThe products are very good, total quality", "they are not a 4E, or if they are, they are a small 4E. They did not fit my father who has a wide foot, he refused to give them back to us to exchange for something else. I only found out they were too small after my mom mentioned it, but other than that it's a very nice shoe and will work nicely for your loved one. My dad just has a super super wide foot. We had bought these for him because he loved my husbands shoes, which are exactly like this and not wide. These shoes, from my husbands pov are very comfy and work well for his runs and just walking around, a shame they didn't fit my dad, going to try and have them stretched out.", "Great shoes comforable fit and light.  I am deployed overseas and needed a good pair becasue the military PX over here charges Nike price for garbage shoes. Glad Amazon is always there .", "I had to return them, just did not fit right.  Bought my regular size and I do have problems with my feet, but these hurt my toes even and the ball of my feet.", "I have a hard time finding wide size sneakers.  This is the only shoe that seems to fit me.  I walk 10 miles a day.  These shoes are good for about 150 miles.  :-)", "We went and measured my sons foot and found him to be in a 4E size. I thought it wouldn't be that hard to find a nice shoe in that size.....boy was i wrong!!! Ive looked everywhere for his size shoe that was &#34;his style &#34;. I did find a bunch of new balance shoes but he kept shooting them down. Then I came across these....and he LOVED them! Normally with Nike we go up a half size because they tend to run a little tight, but these are true to size. My son says these are the best fitting and comfy shoes he has had. Plus they got here a day BEFORE they were expected to get sent out! Great buy and great price! Will buy again!!!", "I will be buying these shoes every six months. I love them. They fit perfectly. I wear them everyday. LOVE", "Good, comfortable shoe like all Nikes that I have had.  I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because I had to immediately buy laces for it.  I didn't even use the top holes and I still could just barely tie them.  It only cost me a couple bucks but you'd think that's something they would get right.", "Great shoe. true to width. Very happy. Nike wide in a current style is getting harder and harder to find.", "PERFECT,EXCELLENT. ARRIVED IN THE STIPULATED TIME. Exact description. AND EVERYTHING IN ORDER. I would HIGHLY RECOMMEND 100000000% BUY IN THIS SHOP.", "i bought this for a friend who has a damaged spine, ankle problems and a leg brace. After one month wearing them he has felt significantly better his ankles hurt less due to better support, his back also felt much better. He has been wearing them for months now, every day and there is no sign of wear and tear.I would recommend to anyone!", "Clunky at best, more of a ortho shoe for old people, would not buy again . Nike can't get it right for people with wider feet.", "I bought these for my daughter in laws father for a Christmas present. He loves them says they fit great and feel good on his feet.", "A lot of confort, perfect size, they could look a little nicer but, for the price, its a gret buy.", "For a shoe to work out in and to just be active in, the DART is the one.  I couldnt be more satisfied", "Bought these for myself in January, and they take a beating. I'm a big guy who puts a lot of pressure on shoes, and these are some of the most comfortable I've ever owned. Nice arches too, which is a big plus from me. Will definitely purchase a second pair.", "they fit beautifully and are as described. a great product. I am very happy with Nike,these shoes will last a long time", "These fit great and look great.  Had found them in the store and loved them so much that when I wore out the first pair I had to find them to get a 2nd.  A bit of venting on the sides of the shoes helps keep your feet cool.  Great padding and not super narrow for those of us with a bit wider foot.", "These shoes are low priced, i use to by the Pegassus and when i found these at less than 50% of the price just jumped into them...Bad choice for running. You may use them at the gym or for walking, do not run with them, they are no good for running. I got a few painful injuries after just a few weeks of running with them, slow building painful injuries.I went back to Pegassus again and had no problems since.", "comfortable , affordable, perfect for running/walking. you won't find better shoes at this price, i know because i've tried. Nice !", "A decent pair of shoes are hard to find and these are so comfortable, they are perfect.  Thinking of getting another pair.", "I got these shoes for my sons birthday and he really liked them. He's a runner and said these shoes are the perfect running shoes.", "I bought them for my son. He loves them. He has a wide foot and they are the only sneakers that fit comfortably.", "Shoes are always going to be somewhat a combination of preference and physicality. I bought the dart 9 during training for the Philly marathon last fall. Wore them once got a blister... Moved on to my other shoes and used the darts as everyday shoes.  Months later while in philly the day before the race... I noticed I brought two left shoes of my normal runners....not good.I wore the darts that I had been wearing with some stretchy laces I bought at the expo.....  I had no foot pain and have now found my shoe....  Seriously..... Oh the blister was from the new socks I had tried...Finding your shoe is an adventure.", "Light and comfy! Good price and as usual, good quality. I would buy a second pair just to have one more in my closet.", "It is a NIKE what more can i say, these people engineer their products to do what they want; to give high quality performance.", "I purchased the shoe for my son who wears 4e in the New Balance footwear. This shoe ran narrower than he is use to.", "I was very happy when I got these shoes. They were exactly the comfort and support level I needed. Thanks.", "This shoes are everything I expect from Nike. I've been wearing Nike for the last eight years and I find them extremely comfortable for every ocassion: you can't even tell you're wearing them!!", "They fit well and appear to be well made.In today's selling market you definitely get what you pay for interms of quality and looks.", "I was looking for a blazer and saw this one, its a nice obsidian (I say blue mostly), nice shoe to my collection, its somthin different", "I have not bought nike products in over 6 years. After seeing these in JCPenny, i went home and ordered them a week later. They look great, they're light weight, and they're comfortable, not to mention affordable. Best part is that ive never run into anyone else in these. I wish they carried the same exact shoe in different colors", "good quality shoes, colors are just like the photo, materials are great, and they are very very light for a tennis", "the shoes look great and hold up well so far.  Ive only had them for a month but I'm a fan.I have wide feet, so the shoes were a bit uncomfortabole for the first week, but once they loosened up a bit they were very comfortable.", "Hurt my ears", "ok", "I received this yesterday, and it's so comfortable! The color is not as bright a blue as pictured here but it is a very pretty color. I would recommend this jacket to anybody. And it is true to size.", "excellent product, the sizes are just right, not too big nor too small, good finish and something hot  the color is vivid", "The item was perfect and exactly what my son was looking for.  Thanks!  It was great and arrived in the nick of time despite my late order!!", "it's a really nice sweater! it fits as i expected and you can use it for any day or occasion, sport or not! recommended, good quality, is Nike after all.", "Fits perfect and works for running the color is perfect and the material is warm for cold days. I recommend it.", "I wanted a basic hoodie that I could wear anytime. This does the trick. Simple design and comfortable. Good deal!", "Fast delivery Good quality a little disappointed with sizing --a little short  in arm length.  Overall smaller than  one previously purchased a few years ago of the same size.", "The sizes were bigger than expected. I should have ordered 1 size smaller than my normal size. The clothing was made in good quality materials.", "This was a Xmas present  for my grandson who loves it  It has been below zero in ME  and he loves the hoodie", "warm, comfortable fit, looks good, delivered promptly, may purchase another in different color and size for younger son, good quality product", "Who doesn't love a nice crisp clean looking top. My husband loves his jacket, fits true to size and nice quality! Great buy, thanks!", "purchased these as stocking stuffers for our Tribal youth, Alaska is cold they loved that they were warm.  Thank you.", "The Soccer cleats are just perfect. Great quality and they look awesome. Loved the leather smell when they first arrived.", "They are somewhat too small, but I usually wear quite thick socks. So I have brought some very thin ones and as I'm only racing in them for 800m or less, they feel great. All zipped up and inclosed, no worries.", "Fit perfectly! Exactly like the pictures! Very cool! I love them! And it's cheap too! Very good product. I recommend it!", "Compr&eacute; estos zapatos para regalo de un familiar. Los colores son muy bnitos e inteson y de acuerdo a la opini&oacute;n de quien los usa son muy c&oacute;modas y confortables. Los recomiendo.", "I thought this year I would buy my son better cleats but I found that these cleats don't have much padding, so I will have to put in inserts.  :(", "Love these shoes but they do run a little big so I would order a half to a full size smaller. It's weird because my other nike 6.0's run true to size but these don't. Besides the fit, these shoes are awesome, they feel and look sick.", "The quality was way way below the standard of nike. I am now wondering if this is really a nike product or just an imitation.", "I love the look of these and they feel great on.  The mesh makes for quick drying after a good sweat.So why did I only give them three stars?Well, if I would have written the review right away it would have been five stars but I have noticed over time (a short period of time at that) that there's a weak spot on these socks.  When you pull them on you grip right below the upper border and maneuver them over your feet.  When pulling them snug to your lower ankle the material sort of gives a bit and your fingers go through the mesh.  Not all the way through but you hear a bit of ripping so it's just a matter of time before they do, I suppose.  I haven't poked through, yet, but that area looks distorted so I'm betting I'll poke through soon.This has happened on every pair even though I try to be careful.  It seems as though there should be some reinforcement right in that particular area instead of the thin meshy material.  I don't think they will last as long as I expected them to.", "these socks are not the real ones, there is an a lot better version of these that feel more comfortable and a lot better, these don't look nothing like the other ones, they're a lot comfy that this and look a lot better, when you put them in the dryer the can get a little smaller and not too tight but they are not definitely the original sucks, and im telling you they are not because i have 6 pairs of the original and 6 pairs of these, and they are both different and they look the same in the bag they came in.", "they ware like iron and are very cozy perfect fit and nike doesnt make anything bad so these are great socks", "These had better stand up to use. I hope they were really made in the USA. They feel good. But they did arrive in no packaging. Which is kinda weird. I'll have to find them in a brickandmortar to check them out.", "It's very beautiful and I feel comfortable and warm when I wear it. I wear it when I play basketball.", "The fit and quality looked good, but within one month, I threw away 3 of the 6 pair I purchased.  I wear these on my daily walks of 3.5-4.5 miles. As a 62 year old guy with a total knee relplacement, I don't think I am too tough on clothing.  The socks developed holes in the bottom, and this appears to be a consistent problem at least with the lotIi received. I would think that Nike would be more concerned about the quality of the product that displays their logo.  Very disappointed.  I will not buy these again.", "My husband asked me to order more so he must like them! They seem to be a nice sock for the middle price range, not cheap but not too expensive.", "Good socks. Sporty and comfortable. Good for sports activity or casual wear. Will look for more of these in other colors.", "These are made of very good quality fabric and extremely comfortable.  I not only wear them for golf, but other times too.", "These socks come in a plain plastic bag with no tags and no wrapping. Almost as if someone took apart a six-pack and just mailed them out. They do not have the Nike branding on the inside of the upper part of the sock. They are looser-fitting than actual Nike socks and tend to slip down to the toe while wearing.Bottom line: pay the extra $5 and get the authentic product from a Nike retail or outlet store.", "I am a men's size 11 and feel like these are too small - not way off but not quite right both in length and tightness.  Quality is good and they breath well, but just didn't fit well enough for those qualities to carry the day.", "I HAVE WORN NIKE SOCKS FOR MANY YEARS AND I CAN TELL YOU THEY ARE BETTER THAN EVER. I RECOMMEND THEM FOR ALL OF YOU WHO LIKE SPORTS.", "At this price I recommand to consider the under armors they are sheeper and a good quality!!I'm running 10Km a week for years and their are one of the best tought!", "Great socks but the price sucks! Too High for only three pair of socks. There good but not at that price.", "Didn't love these. They must run a little small because my feet feel cramped in them. Not much cushion, but you might go for that in your socks.", "Not WigWam's or Thorlos, but fine. These are the four teen more words the review requires.  What a system. Boy.", "These are the best socks I've ever had.  The are a bit tight to put on, but otherwise great product.  My feet sweat a little, but it does keep foot odor to a minimum,  These socks are also great for preventing blisters.", "These socks more that lived up to my expectation, soft well contructed and very strong.  I know I will be wearing them for a long time to come.", "I bought these socks for my sons.  Good quality and the price was good also.  I know from past experience with these socks that they last.", "In between dog walking, treadmill and work, I put in a lot of miles in my socks. Most fall apart in 3 months. These have lasted a little over a year before I started getting wear-through on the ball of the foot area. They hold their shape well and are pretty snug (they have ribbed area around the middle of the foot that some find annoying. I like it as they stay in place. Not really expensive when you consider they last me 3 - 4 times as long as other socks.", "Cant anyone size anything right? Says made in USA.  Why does size 15 always feel like a size 10 package clearly says sizes 12-15. Maybe it will fit a 14 ok or 13 but 15 you need a shoe horn to put on a sock.Not going to waste more time and money to send back. Give to my kids who are a size 10.", "I searched on Amazon.com for NIKE dri fit socks.  I thought that is what I had ordered as they were priced a bit higher than other socks.  When I received them, I learned that the they were regular NIKE socks.  I am a bit disappointed!", "Description was very vague. No sizes & sent like a six pack broken up. . . I cannot give this to someone as a gift. Ok if you want three pair of socks in a bag. They are legit Nike socks. Very quick shipment. So, there are pro's & cons. . . Just won't fit the teenager I was buying for", "3 \"Pack\"!! that's a joke.  These socks came loose, no packaging at all not even a plastic bag and looked like they should have been for sale at a flea market for 50 cents a pair.  Will definately be returning them.", "My son wears these in gym class, good sock, popular and wears/ washes well. highly recommend for those kids wearing the slide sandals", "Socks that fit and feel great. Although pretty pricey, Nike socks feel great and provide a lot of comfort. Only negative side for those of you who do not like linen going everywhere, if you do sweat in them for the first couple of uses, it will get all over your feet and in your shoes. That though, is a pretty simple clean.", "good fit, the only complaint i might have is that they are sized small. I can live with a snug fit", "These are nice, comfortable socks for misc. sporting activities in Summer.  I need to see how they hold up but at This point I will buy again.", "Although price above the $14.00 retail suggested price, they were send with free shipping which makes a difference. The 3 pair of socks are nice and thick and of true NIKE quality and will be ,long lasting and comfortable which is most important to me when purchasing socks.", "At 71% cotton/27% nylon/2% spandex, these feel like basic cotton socks to me.  They are fine for normal wear, but I wouldn't consider them moisture wicking or performance socks.  They don't compare to the Drymax, etc.", "Not sure about the authenticity.No tags.  No packaging.  They run small.  The Nike Logo looks bunk.If they were real Nike products, I don't know why the tags would need to be removed prior to shipping.  Very suspect.  I don't have the time or effort to send them back or I would.fast delivery though", "Sock size to shoe size in accurate. Socks are to small, waste of money, but good quality. Will give them away to a child.", "I gave it 4 starts as it not as shown , the gray paint strip thing wasn't with the one i got , mine was all white well if i think about it its not that big of a deal. It fit well , feel comfortable , tight , sporty that am going to buy another pack soon.", "These are identical to any low price socks that you can buy in a discount store. They are not Nike dri-fit (not do they say they are) but somehow this comes up when you search for dri-fit. There is no Nike tag or anything Nike about these other than the swoosh on the socks. I can go out and buy similar pair from any street vendor in NYC Chinatown. Socks are ok but nothing like high performance socks. I would not go hiking in these, not wear them for any running or workout. Size runs small, so order a bit larger. I wear 8 1/2 shoes and the L just fits. For anybody with 9 1/2 shoe size these will be to small. I did give them the benefit of the doubt and a days try.", "Great pair of socks, have the dri fit quality that soaks up the sweat while working out to keep your feet dry", "After a few misses with cheaply made socks, these Nike socks are nice and thick and will hopefully last a lot longer than other brands *cough* Asics *cough*. I guess with some things you definitely still get what you pay for, no more going cheap on socks for me!", "For some reason I am a moisture wicking sock lover, not for foot sweat but for my annoyance with pure cotton or wool socks. I have a few of these three packs and I wear them most of the time. So far they have managed to stay white for over 8 months and they are very comfortable for daily use.", "A very simple, small bag to hold a pair of shoes, gym clothes, and a towel.  It has a separate compartment on the front if you want to separate wet stuff from dry stuff.  It easily fits inside my locker at the gym with room to spare.  Note it is soft sided, so no rigid bottom or structured compartment if you're looking for that.", "I think its a little small (but since I ordered the small size, I cant complain) but its a great bag! I have no complaints!", "Liked quality and size to go club with kids, not too big for short traveling for example. Arrived on time. All experience was ok", "This bag has made my life so much easier. I carry all of my gym stuff in it and still have room to spare.", "Perfect sized duffel bag especially for the gym! Not too big but not too small! Well worth the money and I love the color.", "This bag is a gift for my wife and she is really satisficed with this product. I am happy with my buy.", "I travel to the Philippines from the US a few times a year.  After dealing with different airline policies regarding the size/weight of carry on bags they allow I decided to try to find a simple very light weight solution that would be acceptable to all the different airlines both international and domestic in the US and the Philippines.  The worst weight I was allowed by an airline for a carry on bag has been 11 pounds and the best has been around 40 pounds.  I personally have traveled to Asia so many times that the 11 pounds is not a problem as long as I can find a light weight bag to use.  I was successful in packing the following inside this bag:  2 cargo shorts, 2 shirts, 3 pair underwear, 2 belts, 2 pair eyeglasses, quart hygiene bag with hygiene items, alarm clock, 2 cell phones, digital camera w/case, Google Nexus 7 Tablet, full size folder w/all travel paperwork, passport w/case, Kindle E-reader, Mp3 player w/ear-buds. This bag weight less then 1 pound and the weight of everything I listed here plus the bag total was about 10.3 pounds. It is possible for any bag to have a zipper failure or a tear but I have used this bag for 2 trips of over 36,000 miles on 10 different airlines and it still looks as good as it did when it was brand new.  I would think that the bag might get more \"wear and tear\" being used as a gym bag then it does as a carry on.  I am always very careful with my carry on bags and for the price I don't think you can go wrong with this when using it for \"light travel\" on an airline.  I have used name brand luggage costing over 10 times as much that has not worked out as well on my trips as this bag has.", "The size is perfect for just a pair of gym shoes and a change of clothes. The only issue is that the zipper for the small pouch is broken at one end, so I can never close it fully.", "This bag was just what I needed:  a small, durable bag for transporting my extra clothes, shoes and water (along with whatever random things I have with me) to and from school for tennis practice. It could do with some other smaller pockets, but is overall good for the price and will last me a while! I recommend it to people looking for a small reliable bag just for essentials.", "I love this bag! I was a bit hesitant on purchasing it because of the reviews stating the odor, the size, and the quality but everything was quite the opposite for me! The size is perfect! I can fit a magazine, shoes, lifting straps, hooks, hoodie, and all my other wo gear and more in the bag. The bag doesn't have a smell and the seams are fine. I have no issues with the bag whatsoever! I love it!", "This is the perfect-sized gym bag - not too big and I love the bright pink color.  I would definitely recommend it.", "I am very happy with my purchase. This bag is the perfect size and is well manufactured. Thanks again Nike for making a great product as always.", "Very nice product and is pretty small but has quite a few pockets for you phone and to keep your money safe.", "I bought it for a secret Santa  gift exchange. The recipient was very happy with the item. Size is average and design is nice.", "The shoulder strap snapped off (the nylon band came clean away from the stitching) after 7 very light uses - just going back and forth to the gym, in the car.  Overpriced piece of junk.", "Really simple as to why I'm not satisfied. NO side pockets. Could of been perfect. It's ok but not loving it", "Quick shipping.  Nice size bag. I ordered this for my daughter to use for cheerleading.  The bag is the right size for teen not big and bulky", "My daughter picked out this bag.  It's perfect for her, not too big or small to hold what she needs while traveling to her softball games.  She just loves it!", "Received my Nike Duffel bag.  So cute.  It's just the right size for my work out gear.  Love the color.  Shipping was PRONTO!  Thinking about getting it in another color.  I love the front zip storage for misc. items.  Great selection.  If you exercise and go to they gym this is a great little fashion statement.", "However too small - excellent product.  We will purchase the next size up next time. Quality of product was as expected - classy and sturdy for a 16 year old.", "Bag is great. It's small, but you can fit a lot in it. Perfect for an every day gym bag and even an overnight bag.", "i love this bag it's perfect size to bring what u need to the gym and be stylish i love nike so it's a show of for my gear lol.", "I ordered this item to serve as my gym bag to hold my sneakers, socks, shorts, T-shirt, watch, iPod, and possibly a magazine. When I received this bag via US Mail (which arrived several days early), I was surprised to find it to be smaller than expected. For my needs it should be ok, but I was expecting something about 15% larger. Also, there's only one side pocket on the outside and a small interior velcro-ed pouch on the inside. The shoulder strap is sewn on the bag, so it isn't removable. The bag does have a small meshed window on one end for ventilation which is nice.So if you need a very small bag for a minimal number of items to take to the gym, this bag will do.", "Beautiful, vibrant color. Sturdy bag. My daughter uses it for all her heavy books for school. Great quality and not a ginormous bulky gym duffle bag. Perfect for women.", "My wife and I were looking for a small bag to take to the gym. I just got this bag and I'm going to order another for her. Its the perfect size for us. I can fit my shoes, belt, shower bag and underclothes comfortably with plenty of room left over. It has some form to so its easy to pack/unpack. One note the material seems a little light weight so I'm not sure how it will hold up, but so far I think its perfect!!", "The product is far too small to be useful for anything except maybe carrying a pair of shorts, a shirt, and some flip flops. However, if that is what you want, it is high quality.", "Was the perfect color and brand for my grand daughter and the price was great. Fast shipment great overall communication", "This bag is petite and fits me very well. Holds my shoes and change of clothes. Has only 1 pocket inside so keeping all my things organized is a challenge. I am very satisfied with the bag!", "I love the colour of this bag, it is really nice and it may not look like it could hold much at first, but it has a good bit of space inside.", "I'm stunned at out how incredibly cheaply this bag is made. The fabric is uber thin, the stitching done badly (strings hanging off, seams don't quite line up, cheesy shoulder strap). And it REEKS of chemicals. But the style is the perfect size and shape for my workout needs. :-(  A shame, I wish it was strong enough to be my permanent bag, but it will clearly be something to tide me over till I find something that's not going to rip.", "This product looks awesome and is perfect for going to the gym. I was able to get everything into it and had some extra room. Great buy!", "The product it's exactly as described, I bought this bag to take to Gym and I like it, it does the job. I recommend it.", "It's nice and what I wanted! I love it but I really wanted it to have more compartment! Other then that it's great!", "it is the perfect size, has enough compartments for the stuff i need, the material is very nice and the little mesh on the side of it gets rid of bad odors.", "Really nice and great size for my kid. Ideal for school, P.E. and the gym. It had space for wet clothes.", "Muy buen material, la atenci&oacute;n fue muy buena, el tiempo estimado para la llegada del bolso fue el indicado rapido", "this bag is light and breathes well.  I now wish it had more pockets, as it only has one small one on the inside and the outside zipper.  great buy to hold some shoes and clothes", "the size is perfect. It's not to big and not to small. it is well made and looks sporty. It has only two compartments so its simple to find and separate my gym stuff.", "Perfect size for the gym.  I can fit my running shoes, water bottle, socks, change of clothes, body wash, and a large 1 gal. Ziploc bag with various accessories.  I wish the outer pocket zipped from both sides to create better control of whats in it (like the top zipper).  Overall, I am very happy with it.  Its roomy and does what I need it to do.", "It is not too small, but it is also not too big!If you have a personal locker at gym, then then the bag fits very well!", "Main compartment holds a pair of shoes, gym clothes, easy with space to spare, no problem at all.  There's a small internal accessory pouch for keys or other such items.  Side pocket as well as you can see in the image.  Perfect size fits easily in a locker.  Looks plenty durable and looks sharp in red/black.  Handle wrap clasp has a nametag sewn on the inside, where you can ink in your name and number.  Only small complaint would be the over the shoulder strap doesn't have a wrap around type pad/clasp, so the longer straps can be a tad disorderly.", "Great quality.  Size is perfect.  I do not want to use my old giant gym bag anymore. This fits everything perfectly.", "I love the bag. The size is perfect for my water bottle, towel, gym book, and other things I might need.", "I was looking for an attractive sports bag to carry my golf shoes, and I found it!  The price was perfect.", "I take this bag to the gym in the mornings and then carry it to work with me.  It's the perfect size for one outfit + an umbrella + plus whatever misc. work stuff I have.  Seems durable so far, just what I was looking for.", "Despite this product is small is very confortable and usefull. I recommend it for go out the street in day to day.", "My son needed a bag for little league football and this one fit the bill. Fairly good Nike brand quality and has sufficient  space for the purpose it was purchased. I would definitely recommended to family and friends. I did however thought it would be a little bigger.", "The Product was great! Not too big or small either. Just the perfect fit. I'm giving it as a gift to my bestfriend. She's in 4 sports. Student's Run L.A, Cross Country, Soccer, and Softball. The bag has a great amount of space inside without looking like a big bag or a small bag, you can fit a lot of things such as shoes, clothing, another shoesxD ...  and many more! And I'm pretty sure my betfriend will love this!:D ... hopefully^.^ , but I love it. Imma buy more in the future>;D . I Would totally recommend it^.^", "Have no complaints over this small bag, very cute. It actually holds more than I expected. Would recommend it, and would buy again", "I needed a bag for various work items.  Cellphone, radio, chargers... ect.  This bag was perfect as most gym/duffel bags are too big.  My only complaint is the lack out extra pockets.  I would like some smaller pockets for pens and small items that seem to get lost in the one large pocket.  But I guess with a smaller bag, there are going to be some inherent drawbacks.", "Terrific soccer bag for my 7 year old. She used it for every opractice and every game this season. Holds a whole lot of little girl stuff!", "Strong enough, well made, big enough. I bought it as a B-day gift for my wife, and she loved it.", "I purchased this for my daughter approximately 2 years ago and it gets used A LOT! I ordered this one because she's very tiny and needed a bag like this, just like all of her team-mates had, but not as large as most of them come. She now uses it three days a week for dance, so its used a lot still.  I can't believe how well it has held up. Great seller, as well. You won't be dissapointed.", "Good bag fits what I need for gym. Doesn't look big either to carry, nice and stylish no matter where you go.", "Plenty of space for cycling shoes and all the rest of my gym necessities. I just wish there was an outside pocket for my water bottle.", "I had ordered this same duffel bag in a different color for myself and I loved it so I also ordered one for my husband in black.  It is the perfect size for everything you need to take to the gym.", "Purchased this for my husband. I can fit all his clothes and his shoes without having to cram everything together. Good quality and material. No problems thus far. Very happy with the purchase.", "it is the right size for my gym needs.  however, it only has one pocket while I was looking for more pockets/compartments so that I could get better organized.  I would be willing to pay for more if they add more pockets.", "fast shipment i love the color as well. i am just a bit concern on the material it doesnt look that durable.", "Looks small but it's actually big from inside fits 4 sets of clothes tennis sandals n pre-work out i love it", "It's a good bag to hit the gym. However, if you need to have separate compartments for all your stuff (phone, wallet, etc.), this might not work for you. It's really limited on this aspect. But all in all it's really comfortable to take on.", "The color and size are great. Perfect for carrying all gym necessities for after work/school. The small pocket inside is perfect for valuables and the front pocket is a good size too.", "Because I thought the bag was bigger! So I was not very happy with it! Needed more information on it.", "This bag is a perfect fit.  It's not too big and not too small.", "Nike Brasilia Duffel is good for the price.  It was smaller than I thought which is awesome since I was looking for a compact duffel i can carry around to work, gym, tennis without it getting in the way while walking through doors and corridors.  Stitching is clean and construction is sturdy.  Design is simple and can fit most essentials.However, if I were to recommend anything to the designers of this bag, it would be:1.  Please add more storage compartments - I usually carry my phone, wallet, money and small toiletries in this bag.  Everytime, I open the side pocket, everything spills out.  Also, since this is usually used with sports, there needs to be a compartment that may allow storage for a water bottle.2.  Perhaps some padding for the shoulder strap -  although this doesn't cause any discomfort at all, it maybe more comfortable when carrying this thing for longer distances and with heavier weight.Otherwise, this duffel bag is perfect for everyday use.", "This bag seems thin, but it's so well-made that, even 9 months later, it holds up like the day I got it.  I've used this thing to tote two 2-liter bottles and it shows no sign of wear nor tear.Terrific product.", "Perfect for my 10 year old basketball player! I didn't want a HUGE bag that would be a burden to carry and look sloppy! Great colors to pick from and wonderful quality!", "Time will tell if this bag is worth it but so far so good. Just wished it had more pockets. Overall, it's serves it's purpose.", "Very attractive looking bag.  My tennis shoes will fit in the outside zippered compartment with some manuevering (or can put shoes inside).  There are no other pockets on outside of bag.  There is one pocket inside to put cell phone or smaller items.  On one upper end of bag, there is a mesh vented area to allow for ventilation but otherwise the bag is solid all the way around.If you carry alot of misc. stuff to gym, this may be too small.  But, it will easily hold a change of clothes, shoes, water, and still have room for other paraphenalia.  The interior of the bag is black.I love the size but more outside pockets would be nice.", "Love it, it's cute and small, fits lots of stuff, the pocket in the front comes in handy, very useful!", "This was a gift for my hubby and he loved it!  the perfect size.  The picture makes it look a like navy but the whole bag is black.", "Perfect size bag for the gym. Carries everything you need and isn't too big and bulky. Very happy with my purchase. Only complaint is about the seller. I paid $37 plus shipping for the bag and the tag when I got it said $25. Why mark up the price?", "I love this bag. It's small but perfect for my work out gear! I can take a change of clothes in it too! Perfect compartments for my heart rate monitor and toiletries. Love it!", "I love the size, its a perfect little bag to bring to the gym. I can just bring one change of clothes and some other stuff (water bottle, towel, etc) in it which is just what I was looking for. I would recommend it for anyone who just wants something small to carry stuff around or to the gym like me.", "X-small duffel bag was the perfect size for my gym care. At first I thought it would have been too small but it was just right. Ventilated side is good for shoesand sweaty gears. Unbelievable spacious. Looks very cool.", "I am surprised by the amount of space the bag has. It classy and would recommend everyone to have one.", "Gave this to my girlfriend for the gym and she loves it. Good size and nice quality. Expands to hold a surprising amount.", "QUICK SHIPPING AND PERFECT SIZE. IT FITS AT LEAST ONE PAIR OF CLOTHES, PAIR OF SHOES, WATER BOTTLE, HEAD PHONES, IPOD, IPOD ARM BAND, TANNING LOTION, KEYS, ETC.", "My 13 year old daughter plays countless school sports. This duffel bag is perfect...and so much nicer than using a drawstring bag. It's a square type of bag, so it fits in a locker or under the seat on the school bus.", "This is a very well constructed and light weight duffle bag in a super convenient size for smaller needs.  My college student son uses it for carrying around his workout clothes to classes so he can go to the gym directly after classes without walking all the way back to his car.  It's difficult to find this size.", "I bought this for my husband.  He needed a small gym bag that wasn't too bulky--just something big enough to fit some clean clothes and the essentials.  It's compact and has a nice, simple design.", "Got this for my dad for Christmas, he goes to the gym every day but always carries his towel and change of shoes/clothes or puts his stuff in a GROCERY BAG! I couldn't believe it, haha. He's a big Nike fan, so I bought him this and he loves it! Very durable and great size.", "Absolutely love my bag. Bigger than I expected and holds all the things I need to change for the gym including shoes and water. Great price and fast shipping.", "I love this bag. I fit my spin shoes, towel, water bottle, almost my whole yoga mat. I don't mind the mat sticking out. Since I'm only 5&#34;1' this bag is the perfect size. The strap is adjustable so for a short person like myself I can wear it a little shorter. Still fits what I need without being too big or heavy. The bag itself is very light, and the color is gorgeous. Violet is vibrant without being neon.LOVE this bag!", "I looked for the perfect duffle bag for my son and I are our local stores,  but everything seemed to be way too big for what I needed.  I finally decided to look on Amazon and came along this bag.  I went back and fourth about it for a few days before I decided to order it,  and I must say  --  I am so glad that I did order it.  It's the perfect size for my sons stuff along with mine when we go to our local gym to go swimming.  It will also do nicely as a diaper bag in July when I am due with my daughter and I will still be able to fit my sons stuff in it as well.  I'm extremely happy with my purchase,  only thing I wish was different  --  I hadn't waited a few days to order it and JUST ordered the bag.  Also was delivered to my door about 5 days sooner then my expected delivery date.  Perfect order and everything.  Thank you!  (:", "I didnt like this bag because its too small , I thought it was bigger , its like a woman's purse", "Bought this for my son to use at basketball practice.  It is the perfect size for a few items but as other reviewers have noted, it isnt large and not terribly heavy duty.  Good for 2 or 3 items only.  And there is no space for a water bottle.  While one can fit inside, the bag is not tall enough for a bottle to stand upright.  Other than this, it looks good and has a couple of small pockets inside and has nice carry handles.  It holds my 10 year olds basketball shoes, sport goggles and light jacket.  Not much else.  Good for a young kid.", "The size XS bag is the perfect size for a trip to the gym. I can fit my tennis shoes, workout clothes, a change of normal clothes and a small makeup and toiletry bag in it.", "Is the right size for the gym, the color is beautiful also. I dont give a 5 because i wanted to have a pocket for water, something that I did not realize when I bought it and i dont specify to put the invoice outside because my shipping company need it, i dont know why. Besides that is a great item and i recommend buying it.", "This duffle bag was smaller than my purse. Couldn't use it as a gym bag at all. Better for kids' travel bag for toys.", "I only wish it had 2 zippers on the front compartment. Other than that it fits my needs perfectly for gym", "5 years ago Nike had a 19-inch duffel bag that was perfect. It had exterior pockets at both ends, one of which was ventilated. It had a small interior zipper pocket in the main compartment. It just fit under the seat when you had to change to a commuter plane that had tiny or no overhead compartments. You could reach your water bottle or food or book right in front of your feet. Unfortunately this new 19-inch bag doesn't have the same design, doesn't have the nice pockets. There are 21-inch bags with pockets, but they are too big for commuter planes. It's frustrating when a good product (the old 19-inch duffel) disappears.", "They are very comfortable, ideal for sports, running, walking and walking in the countryside. I recommend them. I love its design", "My 9 yr old loves this shoe. He says they are very comfortable & the size was true to what we ordered. Seems well made as I would expect from a Nike.", "Can't beat Nike shoes, and my 12 year old son really likes the Dart -- the colors aren't too bright, go with a lot of clothes and can be worn every day.", "I bought this shoes for my son, because I cannot find running shoes like this design in some stores closer in our house. I still doubt if this stuff is fake or not because whenever I look at it, it does not look and feel like a legit nike shoes compared to nike shoes that I bought from the mall. But, anyway when I asked my son how it feels like, he said its ok but not great.. For me, I will not recommend this stuff.", "Very comfortable shoes! My son is really happy with them.They are very light and the color matches with most of his clothes.", "I wish they had a half size in this product.  That would have made it fit perfectly.  My son loves it though.", "IT FITS PERFECTLY AND IT'S COLOR IS SHINY AND FUN FOR KIDS. VERY LIGHT AND WELL MANUFACTURED. I RECOMMEND IT.", "My son wears this twice per week for PE, they have surely stood to the rugged wear and tear.  Happy with my purchase", "My kids are absolutely murder on shoes, and though I find it difficult to spend extra money on Nikes, I have been pleasantly surprised at how well they have held up.", "My Son LOVES these shoes! He wants to run and play tag with his friends and they are PERFECT for that. He is 10 yrs old and loves the look of them. They came so quickly and just as expected. VERY HAPPY!", "I found these sneakers to be inexpensive compared to the ones sold in the stores.  Received exactly as advertised/portrayed on the site.  Nothing short of a great quality and brand new as you would expect.  On time too so no complaints here.", "They are light, flexible and sturdy, hopefully they would last longer than his previous Nike shoes. They look really cool and nicer than pictured.", "I bought these shoes for work. I have to walk on concrete floor all day and my ballet shoes didn't have much support. I don't like big bulky shoes and I don't like high shoes either. I enjoy being 5'2. Lol. But anyway . . .  I usually where an 8 1/2 and I bought a 9. They were still kind of small. So I guess I should have gone a full size up. Also, that little loop that the strap is attached to irritated the back of my leg REALLY bad. I actually ended up putting a band-aid on it, which kind of sucked. When I took the strap off, it was a little better but still irritating. As far as support goes, it worked well. The bottom of my feet didn't hurt as much as it use to.", "Bought this for my husband. He uses it to put his phone, earplugs and extra shirt when he heads to the gym. He loves it!", "Little children do not need big backpacks so this is perfect for any age child, but perfect for primary age children.", "Fast service got it way before promised and the nike bag is perfect size for the things i need for the gym.", "Bought this gymsack for my 13 year old daughter to carry her track stuff in.  It is a good quality material and is exactly what she needed.  Looks great too!", "My boyfriend needed something to hold his personal things will at work and this bag is great.  Not too big, not too small.  He takes it to work everyday.  Just as described.  It matches his uniform too.  : )", "Bought this as a last minute gift for my son. He loves it and has retired his full size backpack for this gymsack. Excellent quality, fast shipping. Great experience.", "this was a gift for my boss....he loved it...came just in time to very very nice for the price! Looked everywhere for Nike bags as he is such a Nike fan & I loved the price as it wasnt too expensive..really recommend this seller & product.", "The sack arrived on time, excellent for taking to gym, my shoes and shorts fit well. That's pretty much all that fits. I felt it was a bit smaller than i would have liked.", "Instead of using it as a gymsack, I am currently using it for school and, I have to say, that it is a great product for my use.There is a large space for all my daily class needs (T-89, 2 notebooks, laptop, a couple of pens, pencil, glasses). Even with all that items inside the gymsack, it didn't bulge out or maybe more accurately: much less bulgy than I expected. The gymsack is also high enough to allow it to fully close without being stopped by the width of my notebooks nor 13' laptop. The flat strap is also very comfortable, it is puts much less pressure than the cylindrical strap of my previous gymsack.The only downside is its lack of smaller, separate compartment. It is a little of a hassle to look for small items (pencil, pen, glasses, calculator) in the bottom of the gymsack, but I have found convenient ways to somewhat compensate for this downside: by putting a pen/pencil in the spiral spine of my notebooks.I must also mention the customer service of the seller. My first gymsack was lost on its way here, the seller generously re-ship another gymsack without any additional charges.", "this backpack is actually really good, i always take it where ever i need it and its cool looking .", "love the pack , shipped promptly even with the long wait I was very pleased with the product when it got here", "It was pretty cheaply made, I don't expect it to last that long.  I don't think that it will hold up to normal every day use.", "This sack fits all the items that I need for my gym routine. I figured that a duffel gym bag was big and hefty to carry around, so this one is just perfect, lightweight while staying stylish. Fast shipping by the seller, excellent!", "I originally bought this for my husband to use to go to the gym but in the end I've been using it to carry my boxing gloves in and it's great! Was going to order myself one but my husband just told me to have his!", "Perfect for the gym. Holds my gloves, tablet, and headphones. Does what I need when I don't have pockets.", "item set as original but i doubt that it is. overall good as i dont expect it to be original.", "Just received the bag today, awesome bag, looks really sweet in all black with the white Nike logo, really stands out. Cant wait to use it in 2012!By the way this guys shipping is outstanding, its from NY.Thanks!", "Very popular among the kids in school today. Lighter and easier on the back if you don't have to carry a ____load of crap.", "Lets start by establishing what normal gear you would put in this bag.Running Shoes (10.5 sized), shirt, gym shorts, and a water bottle.Exclude any other items you may want to put in this bag. Why? It wont fit. In fact you may want to carry that 20 oz. water bottle because that will barely fit.I bought the bag because have a gym class in college (the fact I have to take a gym class in college is anothersanother story) and I have to do some labs that are in the textbook in class. This is not a large book. Its about the size of a generic floppy workbook.  The purpose this bag was supposed to serve was to be a quick grab and go when I have to go to my car and switch backpacks or if I just wanted to bring both with me. I can't do that now because of the low capacity it has.Just be mindful that if you are to purchase this bag, putting in shoes will make it uncomfortable to wear. If you do put shoes in the bag it cant be basketball shoes because otherwise nearly nothing else will fit. When you do cram everything in there, don't pay attention to the lack of cushion on your back. The straps don't feel sturdy, so this is not a school backpack.But hey. I have a victory swoosh on the back.", "got the niki black bag for my older grand son they come in handy for putty things in and he loves the bag", "This bag is just what I needed for my workout clothes and a pair of sneakers. The build is solid and the synthetic material is strong, so I know it won't tear easily. The straps are slim and are comfortable to carry (the bag doesn't have much weight in it any way). Perfect for my needs.", "I got this bag because I carry my lunch in it to work...also when I run to the gym on the weekends I keep my protein shake water bottles padlock etc", "This bag holds more than we expected for it's size.  The straps are not rope, like most of this type are.  Instead, they are a solid strap.  Much more comfortable!", "Great bag. I am usiing it to carry my dance shoes.  The bag is sturdy and roomy.  Easy to open and close.  Great for travel too.", "Quality of item is not good. Very first week, threads started coming out. Stitching of the bag is not good", "A good price for a great product. Stitching is very good and the bag seems to be made very well.", "Bought this gymsack for the greatest and most wonderful time of year: Back to school D: D:Anyways, its nicely made as its durable and pretty cool looking. Product top to bottom is 17 inches- its a good size but i imagined it a little bigger. Good product overall", "This is a great quality pouch.  I wanted to put my gym clothes and shoes in it, but ended up just being able to put my clothes in it.  I wish it was a touch larger.", "This is great. Its big enough to carry a lot of stuff i have been using a lot for anything. I like it very much. Awesome purchase", "This is my second gym bag I've bought on amazon and this one is holding up much better than the one i had before.  This bag goes to/from the gym 4x per week holding shorts, tank top, sox, undies, lifting gloves, bottle of soap, thermos with protein shake, couple small towels, tanning lotion bottle, ipod, moisturizer tube, deodorant, everything.  It's even been on a couple cruises and 4 or 5 plane trips.  No issues thus far, it's pretty durable..", "Love this bag I use it for the gym,. I store all I need in my bag and I don't have to use a locker..a must buy", "Seems nice and of good quality.  Son is in the 8th grade and uses it everyday at school.  It seems pretty rugged and still looks great after approx. 4 months of use.  Good item", "I use this bag for all my sports gear. It is durable and just what I wanted to hold my stuff in.", "The gymsack was purchased as a Valentine's gift for my daughter to carry her basketball shoes and clothing in.  She's 6 and her shoes & clothes fit with plenty of room to spare.  It seems well made and sturdy and the colors are great (school colors). I'm planning on purchasing one for myself eventually.", "This bag came in very handy on my 5 week trip.  It held a lot. The straps were comfortable. The only thing I would have liked to have added is a zipper pocket to enable ;me to get to frequently used items more quickly.", "Got this for a student who stuffs his book bag. It was priced well and shipped fast. The pack stood all the cramming of books until the end of school. A good purchase.", "Great product.  Very durable! My kids use this as a book bag since the traditional book bags won't fit into their small lockers.", "i bought this for my husband to carry with him to the gym. its big enough to carry his gym things yet light and easy to carry!", "This gymsack is exactly what i wanted. Was able to fit my gym shoes, clothes, car keys, and water bottle inside. The quality is really great, and sturdy. When i recieved the package, the item was a bit dusty, but i was able to brush it off. Great price for it's quality.", "I purchased a couple of these to use for vacation to carry flip flops, towels, sunscreen, etc. It worked fine. My pre-teen kids enjoyed carrying them, especially when traveling on long excursions, where they could bring along a snack and drink (and their iPods).", "I really, really like this bag, which I bought (in navy and in pink) for traveling. For my use, this gym sack is so much more convenient than a regular backpack, especially when you don't want to spend a lot of time undoing zippers.  When I fly, I usually pack a light sweater, magazine, e-reader, small snack, gum, etc.  Another great thing about this bag is that the shoulder straps are actually straps (and not just strings, like most other gym sacks) which means the straps don't cut into my shoulders.  I've used my bags for well over a year and both still look like new.  This bag is also great for carrying a sweatshirt if you're walking outside a lot and the weather changes.", "Bought this for my grandson who started to high school this fall.  Here it is Christmas, and the bag is still intact!  That says something, if you know anything about boys!More important, it is exactly what he wanted.  He loves it.  He's happy; I'm a hit, so I'm happy!", "Bought this for the wife to take to and from work. Says it works great and has enough room of shoes, clothes and iPod. Would recommend getting this", "I bought this for my son to use while on a trip.  It is a great bag to carry water and snacks and stuff while sight seeing.  It is not as a big and bulky as a back pack but gets the job done.It is a nice looking bag and is very durable.", "Orden&eacute; este producto desde venezuela y llego en buenas condiciones tal y como est&aacute; en la descripci&oacute;n. El producto es de buena calidad y servir&iacute;a para llevar una muda de camisa o de botas.", "It's well made and the size is perfect for my stuff. I have a locker in the gym, so I just carry the stuff that I need to take home in this gym sack and the size is perfect fo my purpose.", "it is being used for a gym bag and has held up a lot better than the last one we got a walmart", "The gym bag was great i bought it so i didn't have to carry around a backpack on campus all the time and the quality is really good. and durable.  my only complaint is the straps could be better as the are a little uncomfortable", "I had only owned the product for two weeks and it already began to rip and tear along the side seam of the bag... The product is not durable and is designed very cheaply. Do not invest your money into this bag there are others out there. Adidas sells gym sack bags, and those are suppose to be very Durable!", "As always, Nike hits it right on.  Perfect size, perfect weight, just what a 10 year old needs going to basketball!!", "I was looking for a small-ish to medium size gym bag, just big enough to hold a couple water bottles, some weight lifting stuff, and my wallet/keys. This is exactly what I was looking for! Looks like its well made and will last.", "Love the bag! It is well made and looks cool. This is an improvement from the previous versions. The caring straps are wider to spread out the weight of the bag.", "The bag appears well put together, but did not last.  I used the bag to carry my bike lock (2 lbs) back and forth from school and after two weeks the fabric tore and frayed at the seam.  Unless all you need to do is carry some light papers, would not recommend.", "I bought this to sling over my back when I take my dog for walks on these hot summer days.  I can pack water for both of us, treats, a little bowl, some food for both of us and there's still plenty of room for whatever else I want to bring.  It leaves my hands free to hold the leash as we trek on.  Seems to hold up quite well.  Straps don't hurt my shoulders at all.", "the service was very fast and was really satisfied with the quality of the product...it was used for school and we love it!!", "I bought this as a backpack for my son at the begining of the year.  Six months later it is still in good shape.  Decent price, and stylish.", "My son needed a small bag for summer camp and I am very pleased with this one! Nice and sturdy!", "I was a little apprehensive purchasing this product because of the cheap price but when I received this for my son, he really liked it.  It was very well made and the straps on the bag are very strong.  I would reccoment this to anyone looking to purchase it!", "Great if your going on a jog or just going out for a couple of hours. Unlike its name it's not only for a gym.", "Good quality, nice bags to carry on long walks. Good size, not too big or too small. Bought two for niece and nephew.", "Love this got it for my boy friend as a christmas giftThinking about getting myself oneI would defiantly tell ppl where to buy this &#9829;", "The Nike bag is wonderful. Great material. Look is very attractive. Perfect size. It's exactly what i need for when i go play indoor soccer: i'm able to take my shoes, wallet, and water bottle in it.Highly Recommend, A+++++", "I'm using this product while commuting to the office. It's not fancy but very functional and meets all the needs it advertises.", "Wonderful,Great, Son very happy, Best One He Every Had. Now the twins wants a few for college. Thank You .. Price is very Low", "Love the cotton and the thickness of these socks. Like the fact that they can be bleached if needed. Good to wear with tennies", "I always and only wear ankle-cut socks. I bought these because they looked similar to what I normally wear, and because I know Nike makes good products. While the quality was there- these are very soft and comfortable- I find that the ankles are actually WAY too low to wear with tennis shoes- when working out with them, my shoes (which are not that high), will rub against my ankle bone. I found that disappointing because I've had similar Nike socks in the past that worked just fine. If you are just wearing them around the house though, these are nice and comfortable.", "These socks are so comfortable to wear. They're really soft with cushioned soles, and they provide excellent arch support. I wear them for jogging and it feels like I'm running on clouds.", "I like these socks but they seem to run big - I am a women's size 9 so I thought the Medium would fit a little better :-)", "Ok, so Im a guy but these socks are great.  They have a good construction and are soft.  I hate socks that show over your shoes and these cover my feet very well, but are no show when Im wearing shoes.  These are great!Men and women alike should buy these.  Great socks!", "Nike SX4453 Women's Band Cotton No Show Sock - 6 Pack - White - Medium, Nike SX4453 Women's Band Cotton No Show Sock - 6 Pack - White - Medium", "ever see a shirt decorated by pouring glue type substance on it ?  the glue type substance always comes loose immediately ... very disappointed", "I wear size 13 but these shoes are one size smaller. I compared them with another running shoes of size 12 and they are identical. Rather then that the shoes look OK. I expected more cushion though.", "If you are on your feet all day and you want proper support and cushioning then this is definitely the shoe for you.  Padded amply and will not let your feet down in time of need if you are on your feet all day.", "These are high quality shoes and I got them at a great price.  Unfortunately, they are too narrow for my wide duck feet.  My partner wears the same size, but has narrow feet.  You can fill in the blanks.", "My husband loves these shoes more than anything I have ever gotten him, so that says a lot, Thumbs up!", "I have always been a fan of Nike shoes. But in recent years I found that they have lost some of there comfort and quality. These seem to be very light and comfortable, also seem to be made well. Haven't had them long enough to really tell durability yet though. Amazon had this order at my door before expected shipping date!", "My son's feet hurt a lot.  Now he uses it to walk and jog.  He said it is great and comfrotable.", "this has all leather skin on them.. i have the lime green one also and i would say its more comfortable than the all black ones", "I bought these sneakers for my son and had them shipped to his home. He loves them, and he received them lightning fast!", "the real deal, for half the price. Any one looking for comfort, style, and looks good this is the deal for you.my new nikes at half the price. trust me.", "My daughter loves wearing these shoes outside in the backyard, in and out the pool, everywhere! Where other shoes can not go in and out of the water, these DO! These are our second pair. The first pair was hot pink and black of the same brand/style. These do show stains (dirt, etc) more than the darker colors.", "All my children wear Nike, I think they are the best made shoes.They last long and endure a lot of rough and toughness.", "my son saw these and really wanted them. We got them very quickly and my little man was very please once he opened the box", "I bought these shoes for Zumba and it was money VERY well spent. They're tight enough that they don't let my foot slip and slide around in them, but they're not so tight that they hurt when I have to bust a crazy Zumba move. Also, there was no real break in period. I wore them to workout immediately and they never gave me blisters. Plus, the colors are awesome. I love these shoes!", "i bought these on sale at the nike outlet and they hurt my feet SO bad after 5 min of wearing them. I tried taking teh insole out and replacing it with a cushioned insole but that didnt work either. :( i wanted to like these shoes, but can't at all because they are so uncomfortable. don't buy them if you have low arches because the arch support is just too high.two stars for cuteness though.", "I purchase an extra pair or pink laces, to ad more fun to them. they are and feel amazingly good.", "The shoes were already laced up (instead of having the laces looped) and the laces were of different lengths.  This would lead one to think that perhaps the shoes had been tried on or even worn by an earlier purchaser.  Otherwise, the shoes are great!  That's why I ordered them.", "I run at least 3 miles three times a week, and these initially, were a bit stiff.  However, after I wore them a couple of times, they were the best!!  I could run these for miles, and remained comfortable & full of support!", "Great shoes! I love them! I previously owned a pair of Nike Free Run 2s and these shoes have taken over. Not only do I punish them --as they provide GREAT comfort-- though 4mile runs and Insanity: The Asylum sessions, but they also look very stylish to be able to wear them while your out shopping, or school, or just anywhere casual. These are shoes are the ones I consider putting on regardless of what I'm going to be doing because they're so stylish and comfortable.", "They are way too small don't know what I am going to do about it. What are my options? Mike Fowles", "I cannot say for certain if these are &#34;real Nikes&#34; or if they are cheap knocks offs, but the cushioning seems dissipate quickly after you start wearing them. Of course the cushioning was great for the first few weeks of just using only at work, but now my heals become sore and fatigued quickly after only a few hours of use. I have never used them for running; I use them for work as a Respiratory Therapist in a hospital working from 0700-1900 three days a week. I have had many Nike sneakers throughout my 21 years as a Respiratory Therapist, and these are by far the worse for my use at work. I will most likely start using them just as regular beaters for every day use.", "Great quality! These shoes have held up perfectly. I sprayed them with a protective coating so that may have helped,", "Great sneakers, exactly as described and very comfy!! They arrived on time and they are so adorable. These sneakers are great for people who have flat feet and virtually no arch because they dont give you that painful cramping feeling in your arch (well lack there of an arch) when you're running or working out!!", "Perfect shoes for my son in middle school.  He wears them to gym and they still look clean!  They are dark so the only place to show dirt are the white bottom edge (where it's easier to clean anyway).  Fit is perfect too!", "fit percfect all good, arrived on time . . . . . . . . . . recommended . .", "I like the sandals,  but they aren't really what I had hoped. They aren't as cushiony as I thought they would be. And they turned out to be rather narrow. I don't have a wide foot, and had never had to buy a 'wide' shoe. But I should have bought this in 'wide' if they had it.", "Perfect exactly as described. I needed a sturdier shoe and this is what I was looking for. Thank you! :)", "my girlfriend loved, the cushion its prefect, always when you bought a sandal, buy a half or a size bigger, to protect your foot", "are too comfortable, soft and flexible, I love the design, colors everything =), and are a good gift, I recommend", "Exactly as ordered.  True to size and very comfortable.  There are the only flip flops I have night for the last 3 years!", "I purchased this for my wife and she love them... Very very comfortable she recommend them to anyone. Not for the beach", "I had pair of Nike slides with the lunarglide footbed, and I thought that they couldn't be beat for comfort...then I stumbled across these. The footbed is made of almost the same plush material, and is very comfortable. What makes this sandal is the huge Max Air unit in the heel. Unlike most Nike Max Air units, your heel is actually resting directly on the air unit, without any stiff material underneath. This makes them super cushy, and also adds some height not expected when wearing slides. I've worn these while going on long walks and experienced more comfort than some of my shoes! The Velcro adjustable strap is perfect, and doesn't chafe. The tread pattern is grippy, and I feel like it is more of a sneaker tread than a slide.I've only had them for a couple of months so I can't speak on behalf of durability, but if it's anything like other slides it should be fine. My only concern would be if the air unit got punctured, they probably wouldn't be wearable, since your heel is directly on the air unit with support only on the edge...it's hard to explain but looking at the picture closely you can see what I mean.Overall I recommend these slides to anybody who wants comfort and style.", "The slide was light and comfortable but it didn't meet my expectations from the photos I saw I thought it was higher.", "This slipper is really comfortable.It has a light feel to it.It was worth the money I did not regret this purchase.", "This is an excellent product. It fits perfectly, very nice and soft and it is was I expected.  It worth the buy", "Very comfortable, light weight sildes, they don't feel as durable as my Nike Air Moray 3 but they surely look better: getting alot of compliments", "This evaluation is based on having had two pairs of maxair sandals for the last several years.  Unfortunately those are no longer available or at least I can not find any.  I got these as replacements.  These are lighter and the foot bed is stiffer/harder and not really to my liking.  The foot bed does have transverse grooves that I expect will help with the foot sliding in a wet sandal.  The heel is cushioned but not as soft as the maxair.  As sandals go, these are not bad (maxair was the king) but the price seems stiff for this product.  I will keep them because I have not found anything better.More info:  The slides that I had were the moray 3 slides which according to Nike customer service are no longer in production.  The air technology is the same in the two models but the product above the air chamber is not as good as the older model.  Nowhere near as comfortable.", "My dad loved these for Father's Day! He thinks they are super comfy and help with his long narrow feet!", "I like the sandals, they fit well. I hope this review is approved. Tired of doing this reivew stuff. Christ.", "These sandals are very comfortable.  I recommend these to anyone that wants a comfortable pair of slides for the summer.", "Comfortable, and fits", "Very Comfortable. Great choice", "Bought this for my husband and he absolutely loves up.  I wonder if they have like these for women too?:)", "Very nice and comfortable!!!", "Do you need a max air heel pad in a slide on sandal? No.  Is it nice? Yes.  Does it cost too much? yes.  Is it nice.  Yes", "Great sandal. Nice and soft, feels great under your foot compared to other slides,I would recommend them for this type sandal.", "These are wonderful slide on sandals which provide support and a non skid sole.  This is the second pair of these.", "After two hip replacement surgeries, the Nike Air Slide Sandals are great , they act like shock absorbersallowing me to stand and walk greater distances without feeling pain in my hip area(s) two and three dayslater.  I love them !!!!!", "This shoe fit perfectly when i got it. If i have one complaint i wish it would last a little longer but a drag my feet a lotOn the court so i'm not surprised mine tore up easily.", "I normally buy Head Court shoes for squash but the last pair I ordered online were a 10.5 and were BIG shoes that I had to send back.On a friends recommendation I went to Big 5 today and got these Nike court shoes, they are small fitting and ended up getting a size 11. The best bit was that they should have been $59 and without even asking he offered them to me for $44:95 !!!  I normally buy everything from Amazon but it shows to shop as they had them priced at $109. I think I may go back and get another pair in case they got it wrong!!!Oh and they fit great!!!Dermot Brennan", "The city court shoe comes in regular size and wide size. I tried the regular size and they have to be narrowest shoes that I have ever tried. Then I tried the wide size and it fits really well. I would recommend that you pop down to a local store and try out the size. If not, buy it with a good return policy - you might have to return.Once you get past the sizing, the shoes are great. I feel that the shoes are lightweight - I am trying to be somewhat bouncy in my ready position and the weight of the shoe doesn't get in the way. Decent enough cushion - I play on hard court and don't feel the ground. Lasts me 3-4 months - playing almost 10 hours of singles tennis a week. The shoe upper area is still in great shape when I throw out the shoe due to the sole wear.", "The shoes are cut really narrow I suggest buying a larger size ten normal if you want them to fit.", "The size indicated on the shoes was right but the shoes were way too tight.  I tried wearing them for about a week to see if they would loosen up but it did not help.  I gave the shoes away.", "my feet have grown.  i used to be a size 10 women's.  but in sizing my foot in a store, i found that i needed a much bigger shoe.  the men's 11 is good. i am pleased with the sneakers.  as usual, the service is excellent.  i am saving these white ones for &#34;best&#34;.  i have plantar faciitis in my heels and must have full support.  i cannot wear sandals this, a fact that  i regret.", "Just a little small for a size 9 but the quality is great.I would buy again for the price.", "Excelent shoes. Been using Vapor Tour for 2 years and was scared at first, however, fit perfect (size 10) and it provide great support. No other brand can deliver great shoes as nike does.", "I wanted to buy tennis shoes for myself. I did research online and narrowed down on this shoe and few others from Adidas and prince etc. I wanted to make sure that what I buy will fit me perfect. I went to the store and tried many pairs of shoes. Surprisingly, this was one of the cheaper options available yet it fit much better than some other costly options from other brands. I'm fully satisfied with these shoes and much happy with Nike brand.", "Have not used them, but look fine . I tried them any way and seem fine for me. I sure they will be ok", "I thought I had found the perfect balance of style and quality at a reasonable price, even though I had saved only ten cents in the purchase. My normal shoe size is 8.5 D for dress/casual shoes, but in snickers/tennis I always wear a 9 D for comfort due to heavier socks and the fact they always seems to run a little smaller on most brands. The construction of these Nikes were extremely narrow as I could not even laced them as the side flaps were to low and did not fold over to the instep or top of the foot. Luckily I can return them at no cost. Always make sure that option is listed before buying anything online.", "Loving these shoes, great comfort, traction and grip, even in a somewhat moist court. inside of the shoes feel comfortable, and you feel light and secure when playing.", "my boy had wide feet and it is not easy to find shoes which are wide enough. this pair is great fit, wide enough, very comfortable, tried to buy more pairs but size is all gone", "Tough to Rate - I gave the shoes away to one of my office employees who loves them.I am sure the shoe is great, but do not order it without trying it on.I normally wear a size 10-10 1/2 shoe and a size 11 nike basketball sneaker, but I couldn't get my foot into this trainer.It did make my employee very happy.", "Shoe size was wrong when I orderd a 11 1/2 it was really a 10 they sent out the wrong color I orderd gray white he sent out black and white. The picture he had on the listing was gray and white then he decided to update the picture being black and white even know the title still says gray and white playing tricks on your customers is wrong will NEVER buy from him again all the positives are from there employees. He also never stated that they were out of the country the Uk this is wrong Adam was rude unhelpful don't trust them you have been warned!", "This is my 2nd pair of the City Court VII's so I knew what I as getting into with this purchase. Great lateral support and durable. I play weekly and my last pair lasted 6+ months. They are nice and snug when new but break in nicely to shape to your foot. Recommend to anyone wanting a quality shoe without having to pay $100+. I usually wear an 11.5 or 12 depending on the shoe and I get these in size 12 so they are pretty true to size. The uppers are excellent and by the time I had to throw out my last pair of these due to wear on the bottom, the uppers still looked really good.", "I chose the highest rating because they were a gift to a challenging person to shop for and he loves them", "new the goods., 100% responsible for the storebeautiful shoes and in compliance with the standards of the brand nike", "Please check other online stores, they have better deals. The same product you can find at Big 5 lot less.", "this shoe for the money is as good as the federer shoe and better than the nadal model.my use of nike tennis shoes go back to the mcenroe days and this shoe is in my top ten. the only thing is order 1 size larger this shoe is cut very small", "Ordered an 11- 1/5. The shoe was so small I couldn't get my foot in it. Gave it to my son who wears a 10.5 and it fit him. Order larger size. Very narrow also.", "I normally wear a shoe size of 7.5 but for sneakers I use a half size more. This one just fit barely: I had to loosen the strings:Looks good but it is rather lightweight, I guess that is the norm these days. Soles are good, cushion adequate. It is the top that bothers me, should have a bit higher arch. For its price, a decent product.", "i just needed a pair of sneakers but when i got these i was shocked how nice they really were and they fit perfectly", "I've started playing tennis and do not want to abuse my excellent running shoes so I came across the City Court and fell in love with it. Excellent design, firm, stable. May be not as professional as other high-end tennis shoes, but for beginner like myself it is great so far. My Adidas Supernova Sequence 5 running shoes fit me well with size 8, but for the Nike City Court I need to go to size 9 because the width seems to be smaller than Adidas. So there is a bit extra at the toes, but probably it does not matter much to me. At $50 for a pair of descent tennis shoes, you can go wrong with the City Court. Recommended for beginners whose feet have small width.", "The sneaker have homogeneous color, it is lightweight and strong in the same time, to my daughter it like very much", "I have been buying Nike tennis shoes for about 10 years and never had a problem until these.  They seemed tight and had to be broken in.  My previous purchases fit fine.", "I purchased these shoes because I needed a new pair, and I am not interested in the excessive neon colors that are available in athletic shoes these days. I ordered my usual size, and they are fairly comfortable, but my pinky toes hurt a great deal when I first started walking in them. They still hurt, but not as much. I know they will eventually stretch out a bit to fit my foot, so I didn't return them, and they are comfortable otherwise.", "I have had a few pairs of the Nike Court Shoe.  They are true to size and hold up well,", "I'm between 6.5 and 7, and ordered a size 7, and I would have definitely got a 7.5 if I had tried it in store, because now I can't wear these shoes with thick socks. It is also the first pair of Nike shoes I've ever had that feel uncomfortable, the back part is probably higher than what would be comfortable for small feet. Although I'm still wearing it, I don't have the comfortable feeling that Nike shoes usually give.", "The generally appearance is fine.  It is a little tight on me.  I recommend that you order half size bigger than you normal size.", "I loved the shoes but unfortunately they were too narrow for me.  I did order 1/2 size larger than I normally wear but width wise they were too narrow.", "Shoes were great, fitted true to size. Are great fit tennis. Came as described. They are very comfortable. And I received them quick.", "I liked it fine, though timing was horrid, just before my PT ordered two ankle supports/braces.  I'm afraid NIKE doesn't make wide shoes.  I was wanting to not ruin a pair of really good shoes.  I bought New Balance.  They do make wide.", "The design on the suit is awesome and colorful! However due to the extreme cut of the suit in the back, water easily creeps into the suit on flip turns and stream lines. I feel a lot of drag while I&#34;m swimming. I would recommend ordering down a size than your usual.", "These shoes rock!  They fit perfectly and they look awesome on!  Very stylish and fun!  Just ran four miles yesterday and love my new sneaks!", "They are so comfortable and I love the style and they are really good to run in . Thinking about getting my husband a pair =]]. I would so highly recommend these shoe to anyone", "They have great arch support, and they are very comfortable running shoes. I've only had the shoes for a short time but I love them so far.", "Flexible, comfortable and great for walking.  I already wore one pair out and bought 2 more just like them.  Need I say more...", "I was a little worried to buy these because some of the pictures looked a little strange but these are awesome! I got them very quickly and I haven't had any problems. The sizing is perfect.", "I found it a little snug but it fit well. When choosing a good running shoe you dont want too much wiggle room because that leads to blisters and backache. These supported me perfectly during runs and workouts!", "Great fit... Lightweight perfect for working out. Been looking for the right shoes for the gym and running, found it.", "I bought this pair as a gift for my wife. She seemed to like them, she uses them for work and says the support is great. She's a nurse so she's on her feet for long periods of time. The shipping wa fast and secure. I received them in two days without any trouble. I would buy from the seller again.", "thought that the appearance was ok but after wearing just a short time, found that they were not that comfortable", "These shoes are awesome! I've been buying the Triax for the past several years and I decided to switch it up and I did with these. And they're worth it! Super light, comfy, perfect for training.", "I am usually a size 71/2 and they are just a tad bit too tight, but I'm sure they will stretch after wearing them a little bit. Other than that they are very nice and def worth the money I paid.", "Product as described, full comfortable support. The shoe is light weight making it easier for my workout. I totally recommend this shoe. Great colors also", "This was a christmas present for my daughter. Was something that she wanted and will probably wear them out.Light weight and comfortable.", "These are kind of &#34;different&#34; but I like them. By different, I'm talking about the shape with the thick ridge across the top/front and it's rigidness. I am used to the little bags many of my other sportier sunglasses come in, but the leather like case these come in is very sturdy. I feel that this case will protect them better id tossed into my diaper bag or purse.", "For non-polarized, these were a bit pricey.  Well constructed, but the way the handles are pinned onto the inside of the frame, they would not fit my face.  Oddly, the Vintage 77's, which are styled nearly identically fit me just fine.If not for the poor fit, I would probably have kept them, but for a few dollars more, I'll pony up for some legit anti-glare lenses....", "These glasses were very low quality. Not a good buy, they are made with poor quality. Would not recommend this item to any friends or family.", "My daughter tried on a 5 and a 6 in the store. I ordered the 5.5 online. It was about 1.5 sizes too big.", "I love this shirt for running in cold weather.  I love the extra long sleeves with thumb holes to keep my hands somewhat warm.  The only issue is it run a little small in the shoulders causing it to feel a bit snug between the shoulder and armpit.", "This medium fits perfectly, I usually wear a medium in Nike tops, and material is warm and breathable if you sweat alot.  Also, the thumb loops help to keep your hands warm.  I took one star off because the blue is much brighter than I expected.", "They are too smallneed a size 11and some metal spikes but he likes the style of the shoes thanks so much", "The fit is great - my wife was having ankle problems running with her old shoes - time for new running shoes - these look, feel, and breathe great!  The fit is true.  Quick delivery.", "My expererience with this item is very bad, because i didn't take my stuff and i want to send again or take it my money back.", "I absolutely love Nike's Lunarglide line!  These are the most comfortable athletic shoes I've ever worn!  Great fit, fantastic cushioning whether I'm running or hiking - I actually bought another pair to wear hiking as they can get kinda dirty - I managed to lose my running pair and had to buy this replacement pair.  I live in the desert and these breath well which is a big plus!.  I have to admit I actually have a third pair on order because I liked the color.  Yes, I'm hooked!", "I ordered one for my girlfriend, it arrives very fast and has excellent quality, she loves it very much and I highly recommend this product!", "Shoes arrived on time or early for Christmas. Simple, neat, and tidy transaction. No suprises, just great shoes quick and quick shipping", "I love these, a little more &#34;thick&#34; than I thought they would be on the top, but it makes them a lot more cushioned. I LOVE the color. It's just bright enough for people to notice but not too bright to be pretentious.", "My daughter is very hard on equipment.  These cleats hold up very well with coed soccer for 18 year olds.", "just like it says. they all love them. kinda feels like suade material. idk i work retail and i wear them there. super comfy once broken in and breath decent.", "I wear them as part of my uniform for a while..first time ever the quality was not so great.. but last few models were lasting more then year witha a descent form and visiual appearance even if I was wearing them every day.increased number of different colors and styles make them even more favorite on my list..", "Excelentes zapatos. C&oacute;modos. Tienen un al viejo estilo nike.Me comprar&iacute;a otro par sin lugar a dudas.Muy bien todo", "I liked these sneakers so much that I bought a second pair in blue. They fit snug, have good grip and they look good both with shorts and jeans.", "These shoes have held up well and stay pretty clean looking due to the dark colors.  not the most comfortable I've ever worn but for kicking around and an everyday shoe they are great.  Intense walking and exercise they did start to make my toes/front foot sore a bit.", "Used them for a marathon and lasted through it. They are comfortable and good to run with. I still use them.", "These fit great and look great. I have received quite a few comments on these shoes as most everyone likes them and are surprised to see that Nike has made something in this style.", "I have worn Nike shoes for over ten years. I bought 1 pair at a store and the rest I have gotten on line. I buy a new pr about every 6 to 8 months as I work in a nursing home and put on a lot of walking miles. I have always ordered the same size and never had a pair that did not fit perfectly. This shoe was at least a size smaller than what the normal shoe size is. I liked the look of the shoe but it was just not sized as all the other nikes I have ordered.", "I'm a woman, shoe size 8.5, 117 lbs. Beware of these socks. I bought the medium size (8-10) and they are very tight on the ankles. It's been 24 hrs and the circle marks from the socks are still there. This is a serious problem since you want your circulation to be excellent while running.", "Son loves this hoody, it's a quality jacket with Nike quality and the dark green/black color combo are a favorite. Great purchase!", "Runs a little big.  Perfect toddler shoe- goes with almost everything, great on slides. Outgrew first pair, this is replacement!", "If u can get babies feet into this no shoe string to tie up shoe.  It fit would great!  The false shoe strings are misleading.  This could have been a great item and the price was GOOD.  The look was GOOD!  Thumbs down on the false shoe laces (sad face)", "This is hands down my best flip flop. I own one for the past year and I wear it a lot during the summer. Very soft and comfortable. Definitely recommend.", "I purchased these as my shower sandals for the gym and so far they've been great. They're comfy and fit nicely in my gym bag.", "Really nice... at first i thought it would fit me right. it was going to be to big! but it didn't great price, great product and costumer satisfied.", "I'm not a flip-flop wearer...but I got these as a back-up pair of shower shoes...but they are sooooo.....comfortable, that I've been converted.  If you are looking for a nice pair to hit the beach with or around the house...hands-down these are almost perfect.Nike did it with these...extremely comfortable.", "Bought these for my fianc&eacute; because we travel often and he needed a good comfortable beach sandal. He likes the feel of the sole and says they are very comfortable", "Overall, they're terrible sandals. At first, they're very cushy, and the style is great. However, I've been wearing mine for less than 2-3 months, and they're painful!The reason for it is that the soft padding material wears down quickly, and your feet sinks into the sandals. Then, the two thongs that sits right below your feet begin to really stick into your feet, so you'll have SERIOUS pressure points!!! They should have move the tongs outside of the sandals in order to prevent this.I think I have two bruises on each foot from walking around with them so much. All in all, the two pressure points really stick into your feet after breaking them in. Don't waste your money on them. My old cheap knock-off Croc sandals were so much better.Cheers.", "This Nike product wasn't as good as previous Nike sandals I bought for my husband. He said these were thin, kind of flimsy.", "These shoes ended up being just what my son needed.  He was having issues with ankle support with other shoes and these are working out great.", "ok so it is starting to wear but my son has been wearing this shoe every single day since the christmas before last.  bought it a little large and my 8 year old is not gentle on shoes.  Great for the little over-pronator.", "Nike bras are the best for running... this is a high-impact bra, I wore it for the first time this weekend, and felt very supported", "I'm a 32DD, not an easy size to fit and yet a size necessitating a good sports bra!  For most women over a D cup, an adjustable bra is a must.  But sometimes I miss the simplicity of an over-the-head bra.  I do interval training (high impact, requiring an adjustable bra) and hot yoga (low impact).  For yoga I decided to look for a simple (and less expensive!) sports bra.The Nike Victory Shape does the job, but it's not perfect.  It's very well designed.  There are mesh panals where sweat accumulates the most (back, under bust) and the shoulder straps have no elastic, allowing for less bounce.  The moulded cups help position my breasts in place and the thin bottom band gives an overall lightweight effect.  Still, there could be more boob separation and more overall support.Nike advertises this bra for A-D cups.  I have an older Nike bra in size Small that fits perfectly, so I gave the Victory Shape a try.  I had to squeeze my DD's thru, but I liked the extra support.  I'm petite so that might allow for a bit of extra room.Overall, I recommend the Nike Victory Shape for a basic, over-the-head sports bra.Made in Sri Lanka.", "I love this top.  It is so soft and stretchy.  True to Nike Size.  Color has not faded despite several washings (and some sweat!) Completely recommend!", "I am a person who hates to be cold.  I'm usually bundled up, even in 50 degree weather.  I purchased a Combat Hyper Warm shirt and was pleasantly surprised how warm it kept me.  I can now wear two less layers of clothing!Also, the shirt's materials feel good on my skin.", "The product fits great, keeps me warm and dry and it just looks great period. I even wear it when I layer for regular activities outside!", "I purchased this as a gift.  My daughters boy friend loves it and I am very happy with my purchase", "I love the nike hyper warm and pro combat shirts/pants they are great! Keep you warm and your muscles warm perfect for training!", "It really worked well at keeping my son warm during extended exposure to the cold.  He said it really made him comfortable.", "I loved these socks so much that I bought 2 dozen of them. I wear them every day...with sneakers, shoes, boots, whatever. They're perfect. Thin enough to wear with shoes and just enough padding to wear with sneakers. They come up just right at the ankle, not too high and not too low.", "Great product!", "My daughter LOVES these for high school.  Apparently, this is the footwear of chioce with their tennis shoes or sandles.", "They are dri-fit which is nice, but they seem cheaply made.  The material balls up a bit after a few wearings.", "There isn't anything to complain about when buying Nike products. the socks are well made. No fading after washing and very comfortable.", "I bought these socks for my son. They are all he wears. Fit great and wash very nicely. I recommend!", "These socks were extremely comfortable, fit well, but were extremely thin.  If you plan on wearing these for basketball, soccer, football, etc. you may want a thicker sock or you'll suffer blisters.", "The title says it all. Fits perfectly. I work outdoors and keeps my feet dry all day. I would definitely recommend it.", "I'm accustomed to purchasing a medium size for almost every clothing item I buy. I bought these medium-sized socks without hesitation. I learned on delivery that medium socks in this cut are way too small for my 10.5 feet. These rolled down and under my heels within minutes of putting them on and wearing shoes. When not wearing shoes around the apartment, they're fine for coverage.Nike's own website doesn't make it immediately clear what &#34;Medium&#34; means as a size for socks. Some products list equivalent shoe sizes, some don't. So, for you, future shopper, know that Medium Nike socks are meant for men with shoes size 6-8, women 6-10.", "great sock, breathes well, very comfortable.  nike is well known company so durability is not an issue.  True to size.  low cut but does not slip off foot.", "These socks fit well and are very comfortable.  I like to wear them around the house without shoes rather than going barefoot.  They are a good value for the price.  (Review written by Bun's husband)", "I would recomment this product to any guy looking for a nice workout sock! They get the job done and they fill great!", "Size is more like 8-9. Great quality just runs small.  I have bought these Nike quarter socks before and never had this problem before.", "I'm 5 feet, 125 pounds. The shirt is too long. I will return it. Everything else fits well, except the length.", "WOW! These shoes are absolutely perfect!We have ordered them without having the opportunity to see them in real life beforehand yet we are very satisfied.", "This is a very well made sneaker with strong velcro straps that are hard to find these days.  The shoe is extremely comfortable for walking and jogging.I will definitely buy another pair when needed.  Very true to size.", "These are excellent workboots. They are very comfy, not heavy and not too high. I wear them for hours on end and barely feel them on my feet. I like that the lace hooks are actual rounded hooks and not those little clips. My laces always get stuck on those little wraparound clips. The outer rim of the boot is a hard material which did get 1 scratch on it. It's slightly annoying but not enough to make me fall out of love with these boots. They tend to smell after I wear them for a whole shift so I tuck a dryer sheet in each shoe, overnight. This is the first pair of Nike boots that I've purchased (I'm a Timberland girl)and I won't hesitate to buy Nike boots again.", "Buen Precio, Entrega Rapida y Producto de buena de Calidad, tienda muy responsable. deberian enviar catalagos en fisico de otros modelos de  shoes", "At the time that I purchased this shoe, I also purchased two other pairs of sneakers so have only had an opportunity to wear them two times.  Both times, they were comfortable.", "Much cuter than the picture!", "This is a great product. It will fit like I expected when my son is a year old. Well worth the money.", "This hat was a little big for my 8 month old but it has an adjustable strap which made it fit a little better.  It is adorable and it will fit him for a while since it is a little big so I like the adjustable strap.  I love the colors too.", "These fit good. They are more like boat shoes, the old flat bottom &#34;sneakers&#34; that were around for years. As such they don't provide as much support as a running type sneaker. But for moderate walking they are good.", "Purchased these for the husband, who is always looking for red and black Nike's to match the logo for his company.  Great price and the carbon fiber is a cool touch!  He's received several compliments.", "These are my new favorite pair of kicks. The neon green really pops on the black. I get compliments every time I wear them. They are true to size for my feet. Nike Air Max are my final stop when it comes to athletic shoes!", "I am very dissapointed with the product received for this item. I have ordered number 9.5 and I have received number 9, it does not fit. I have ordered color gray and I have received color black which I don't like in any way.I live outside the United States, in Venezuela and it is very difficult for me this kind of transactions when mistakes like this are made, we have a currency control system that makes us difficult to buy in US$, in addition to this we have to get a courier service (very expensive) to bring the items to my country, and it is very discouraging that after all this situations I received a wrong item that it does not even fit. Please help me!", "I had read review after review saying order a size up because they are too narrow. Well, I have regular to wide sized feet and I went ahead and ordered my normal size 8.5. What I found really odd was that they were NOT small for me, they were almost too large overall; I had to yank the shoelaces as tight as they would go and then it fit better. Beyond that, they were way too long (several inches off the end of my toes at the tip). I don't know if I got a weird or random fitting shoe, but my experience did not fit the reviews. Still with that said, if you do find one that fits properly, I actually really liked these shoes all things considered. Zumba has a lot of hopping and impact on your feet and I think these shoes would do well in the long run if you find the proper fit.", "I bought these to wear for Zumba.  They worked fantastic!  They let you pivot and turn without the little catch that running or xTrainers have EXCEPT that they really cut into my heel.  I shrugged it off figuring I just needed to break them in.  I stuck it out for a few more classes and they never got better and my heel got worse.  I gave them up when I noticed that I had a bump exactly where they were cutting into my heel.I finally ended up buying another pair of shoes for Zumba and giving these away.  I had hoped it was just me having an issue with these shoes but I asked a few other girls who had them and they had the same issue but not to the degree I did.So if they work for you, they are fantastic.. As for me, I'm in PT missing Zumba due to inflation on my heel :(", "I needed some dance shoes for Zumba and these work great.  They provide support but don&#34;t stick to the floor too much.", "Love the look & feel. Great for dance classes like Zumba. Makes turns much easier. No sticking to the floor.", "I have a pair of black suede Nike Musiques and was happy to find them in other colors and fabrics. Also, I wear a 11 and 1/2 which is hard to find. These fit perfect, they are light wieght and fashionable.", "I love these shoes for Zumba class!  The sole lets you slide for the dance moves, but the shoe still gives great support!", "I needed some actual shoes for my Zumba classes that were designed for high impact dancing and these fit the bill!!  Very comfortable, stylish and support your feet.", "I love Nike. The fit was as expected. The only deal was that the spin portion on the ball of your foot (pink) is made of the same material as the tread: rubber. So you stick! I bought these along w the Bloch Boost and no questions, the Blochs were MUCH better at pivoting. I have carpet, tile and wood floors so I could try it on all surfaces. Of course, the gym has wood. I returned them. And I wouldn't buy them because they stick. What's the point? Sorry Nike. I feel like I'm back stabbing you....", "The shoe had a comfortable fit.  Looked nice. The only problem was the sole of the shoe did not have the slide needed for dancing. It had the same grip as any other sneaker. I was sorry to have to return them as they did feel comfortable.", "Excellent product I really recommend good quality all delivered as stated in the publication of the goods the remomiendo 100% ........", "I was happy to see a half size option... but it was far too narrow and short. My toes felt crunched.", "This is my second pair of Nike Musique.  I love this shoe.  Instantly comfortable.  I'm a Zumba instructor and use these shoes a lot with no problems. The cool gray color is the best--goes with everything.", "I love the way these shoes fit, and how light they are.  Really comfortable, but I was surprised that they make my feet sweat so much.  My feet generally don't sweat much as a rule, but in these shoes, they do.  I find that they don't breath as much as I thought they would.  Still, I'll put up with it for the comfort and support (I have a very high arch, and these are one of the few shoes I've found that actually support it well.)", "I love my shoes, they are stylist and comfortable. I am happy I chose them. They arrived on time and I highly recommend them.", "I needed a dance shoe for Zumba that offered good arch support. I looked at the Zumba brand and found so many conflicting opinions - too big, too narrow, no support, great support, etc. After several hours of looking at reviews for all types of shoes, I had the bright idea to look at Nike - I can only wear Nike running shoes due to foot issues and decided to look at their brand. I normally wear a size 8 but in Nike I wear an 8.5 - so that solved the sizing issue. I just used these shoes to Zumba and am I ever impressed! My feet don't hurt and I'm not having any issues with cramping or soreness in the foot arch. Now these shoes don't slide as easy as the duct tape I was using on my other shoes, but I'm ok with that - they work great on our carpet and there was no pressure or twisting on my knees either. I highly recommend this shoe - just wish it came in brighter colors.", "These shoes fit well and are quite comfortable.  I wear these to Zumba about 5 days/week.  They grip and glide when they should.  Love these shoes!", "These Are a must for aerobics and Zumba...great torsion moves! This shoe runs small. I wear an 8 1/2.... I am wearing a 9 in these.", "I love my Nike Musique.  They pivot well and offer great support.  In fact, I've recommended them to others in my class and they liked them too.  I just wish they came in brighter (zumba-like) colors.  Otherwise a fantastic shoe for dancing.", "Reasonably attractive shoe, but the laces come untied constantly and the shoe is a bit stiff, so I have to really force my son's foot in there.  Accordingly, these shoes spend a lot of time in the closet.", "These shoes have all the features of shoes that are twice the price. They are perfect and I will purchase another pair when my work shoes wear out!", "comfortable stylish light durable great for running traveling or the gym.. They feel like a parachute on a &#34;foam cloud&#34;", "My son has owned other Nike slide sandals and has loved them all. This was no exception. He loves how comfortable they are and \"stylin\"  Great for a teen or young adult.", "Awesome Slides.  These flip flops are comfortable and stylish.  Sizing runs true to form.  Highly recommend them to anyone who wants to look good while being comfortable!", "I wore these one time and the plastic part over the toe started to crack on the inside. Now there is a big line across the toe. They fit good and look cute other than the line. The plastic part over the toe is transparent, so you can see your sock through the plastic part. I like them enough not to take them back but, it would have been nice to be warned about this problem before I spent $70 on these.", "I bought a small.  Im 5'3'' and 115lbs.  I like work out pants to be a little loose but these were huge- very wide.  I didn't even try them on.", "Muy buenos y bonitos y el precio definitivamente es muy bueno para el producto es todo lo que esperaba recibir.", "My nike is totally a great product, so comfortable after removing the spike competely, as it was too high. It's well designed and durable with a very smooth inside for comfort. I totally recommend it!", "I bought these in the store. I got them a little bigger than my sons feets but they are adjustable in the back and on sides for narrow or wide feet. Best shoes ever for summer time. Work great in water", "still trying to return and trying to get the right size may or may not buy them again... don't understand why this is sso hard.", "These are the most comfortable socks I have ever worn on a golf course.  Extra padding around the arch of your foot is very comfortable. Quite impressed!", "This was a gift. Good price. Arrived on time. Very pleased with the product and the process. Thanks so much", "It's not leather, is plastic. Made in CHINA and the sizes are all wrong.I bought these shoes to the seller Watch Colony, ordered according to the size chart that appears on the page, size 7. Although they say size 7 shoes are extremely small. Maybe it size 6 or 5.5. Try every possible way they changed the shoes and did not. As I live outside the U.S. pay high shipping cost (almost double what they cost shoes). And I came to nothing because Chinese plastic shoes are small and I do not use anymore.", "Great to throw on over leggings, this is a very short skirt. Ok without leggings is your younger than I. Overall I like the ease of throwing something on to make a quick run.", "I usually wear medium and the fit was fine. I brought this skirt to wear to walk around, run errands. The length of this skirt is very short. it depends on the individual who is wearing if she likes it. Then it is great.", "What you see is what you get. Just love the shoe and its combination. and personally my 4th pair of RED Sneakers.. ;-)", "I'm no expert on sunglasses or anything, I usually buy fairly cheap ones (&lt;$30) but snagged a pair of these on another site because they were on sale.  I flipping LOVE them!  They fit very well and wrap nicely around my head to keep sunlight from coming in the sides.  The large lenses keep it from coming over the top of the glasses as well.  Plus I just like the look of classic shades rather than the oakley look everyone seems to be going for.  Build quality seems good and the case that mine came with is pretty nice.  I'd buy these again at full price for sure.", "I was excited about this product until it arrived. Didn't like it for it looks very cheap than I expected. I'd like to return it and to get a refund. But it's been 4 days since I requested for a return label I haven't heard back from the seller. Disappointed.", "Lo recomiendo excelente, muy buen articulo y son muy comodo, mi esposa lo utiliza tanto para ejercicios como de paseos", "its a great fit..it feels like it may rip at the toe, though. I do like these shoes and are great for working out or running in.", "It's my second pair. They are great for running and have held up very well so far. They are better built than the picture would indicate and I would highly recommend them to anyone who use their shoes for running and other high stress situations. Plus, they look good.", "This is a gift for my father and size is right but it a bit too narrow for my dad who has wider feet.", "I've had these shoe fo about 10 months now. I've used these shoes for running/sprinting, for weight lifting, and for casual school shoes. Very breathable shoes. I dont recomend these shoes for running a distance greater than 2 miles, because they ar'nt very shock absorbant and will make your shins/feet hurt. Otherwise the shoe is very good. One other sligh drawback is if you wash it a few times it will pill on you, but you only notice it if you take it off and look at it close up. Overall this shoe is amazing especially for this price. I bough my shoes from Dicks Sporting goods for a little more.", "will never buy anotyher runnintg shoe again. Perfecton and price make this an unbeatable option.  Great experience and great functionality", "Not mad at them.  Not the best but they could be worse also.  My feet generally hurt after running in them but they have been good for every day wear and tear.", "my tennis fit me perfect right to my fit i will not have it no other way that is why yoy should know your size so sorry if some-one else had a problem with it they dont know there size. thanks for your great service.", "mmss smms smssmsm ssmsms  sdsds,d  ss n kskkd sd ds ddsndnm skdksdk sjdshjs sjshsdhs sjhsd sjdsdh  ja dhdhd jdjhd j", "The shoes were a gift and my son reports they are very comfortable.  He uses the shoes for running and states they are much more comforatble than more expensive ones.", "these shoes make youre feet feel very small and hurts feet to run in. I would highly recommend relentless 1.", "These must be on of the lightest running shoes that I've ever owned. I rarely use them to run these days. Instead I use them to walk around in my neighborhood. They are so light that I can either run or walk for miles without even feeling like they are attached to my feet.I got the University Red ones even though I am not big fan of red shoes. These were REALLY RED. I guess I was not familiar with what University Red means but these sneakers were not dark red but rather really bright. I don't mind since it makes me kind of stand out in a crowd. The fit great and have mesh that allows your whole foot to breath when you are running. The shipping is fast and the product was top notch. Definitely would recommend this to anyone.", "it was a nice shop, it was for me but is not a big deal, thanks for all. bye :)", "Bought these for my son because he needed running shoes for cross country. He liked them and used them all season.", "I was a little nervous about paying for these shoes then finding out they are not my size, since I know nothing about this 9.5 D(m) shoe sizing. But nevertheless, the shoes came perfectly fitted to my feet, they are super comfortable and atop that, they arrived 2 days earlier than I expected.I am going to purchase another pair in the near future.", "All is well with these Nikes the reviews on them as a whole was scary but they are great! The color blue is vibrant!", "I love this shoes because usually nike shoes fits perfect and last longer than any other brands.  Nike is my favorit.", "I don't jog in these, I work in them. I've worn this model for a couple of years now; the lunarlon line is awesome.", "I do a great deal of coaching for many young kids and these shoes work perfect for both looking great and doing athletic movements.  Very comfy", "My son says he can run as fast as the wind in these shoes. Lol. To pick out shoes and have him say I did a great job is music to my ears", "I love Nike. I got this for my boyfriend, he loved this shoes, fit very nice, my boyfriend mentioned are very confortable, Shoes looks and feels as expected. Highly recommended.", "These are the worst shoes I have ever bought.  They are cheap.  They seem like &#34;fake&#34; Nike's.  I sent these back.  My slippers are better running shoes than these.  Absolute junk, and I won't buy shoes from the Shoe Station again.", "Purchased as a gift for my son who runs cross country to replace the same brand/model he wore out running last Fall.  Good support, long lasting materials.", "I love Nike running shoes and the reason being I have terrible feet that need good support. Even in the ministry there were times I would wear Nikes in my Sunday best. Greatest shoes ever made in my humble opinion.", "When I first tried on this Nike sneaker, I was a little disappointed because it was too snug width wise.I thought I needed a large but noticed not one sneaker anywhere was more than &#34;medium&#34; which was shocking to me.But after a week wearing them, they became comfortable and now feel great.I still don't understand why they don't come in a &#34;large&#34; width wise since I always try on shoes in the afternoon which is a better indicator of how you should buy shoes, but I am glad in the end they worked out.", "all I have to say is: great shipping, great shoe, although after a while that you have them on it irritates your foot a little, when you jump the shoe absorbes the shock and you barely feel a thing, so in conclusion, I highly reccomend this shoe.", "Purchased these for my husband and he loves them, he has already ran with them and done his regular gym rountine. Its been 2 weeks so they are a go!!!!", "I bought the size 7.5, the same size as my dress shoes. These are made about a size smaller, so if your dress shoe is size 7.5, you need to get a size 8.5. I gave it away to someone who has smaller feet.", "I loved these shoes. Leg perfect fit. Different color. And run and ride a bike and just walked on foot. Everything is super. I recommend to all.", "I really love these shoes. They are comfortable, breathable, and all around nice. I recommend these shoes, especially for the price. Just know that they are more so for slimmer feet. If you have a wide foot, then I would be warned. But overall, great shoes.", "Bought for daughter to run track. She loves them! Perfect fit, nice style lots ..of support. Very happy.  I definately would recommend these shoes for running / sports", "The only thing I like about this shoe, is the color scheme!It feel like there are wedges on the outside edges of the heals making you walk like ---&#62;  V, on the insides of your feet.  HORRIBLE!", "100% RECOMENDABLE MUY BUEN PRODUCTO LLEGO DE ACUERDO A LOS TIEMPOS PAUTADOS Y EN EXCELENTE ESTADO MUCHISIMAS GRACIAS SALUDOS DESDE VENEZUELA", "It is sturdy and looks good. The color is so good for my boy who is ten years old. It is not heavy but looks not light.", "perfect fit, nice colors and built to last!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Really fit true to size also, great shoe, bought them for my son who lives out of town, mailed them straight to him and they fit great", "They are extremley comfortableThey are what I wanted in a shoeThe design is what I liked the most", "great price, very comfortable, shoe breathes nicely, and color is fun and different. i am aware Nike tends to fit smaller, and this was no different. a half size bigger would have been a better choice&#8230;.keep in mind", "Haven't worn athletic shoes in more than 10 years, forgot the comfort difference. They look good and feel good. Worth it.", "I have a bad ankle, so I've only used this shoe for walking, ellipticals, and the occasional basketball game.  These shoes are super comfortable, and are great for what I've been using them for.  As a bonus, it looks pretty sweet.", "bought these for my boyfriend because he wanted running shoes.  He's really picky about his style, but these were a huge hit with him.  He loves the touch of red and most of all, they are very comfortable.", "I like the look but not a good fit for my wide and high arched feet, but okay for just walking not running", "Everywhere in my area I could only find a red version of this shoe with simple black webbing on the sides. I tried on that size in my local store and then found this pair online. I couldn't find the same color anywhere.I bought my pair from the cheapest seller and saved $10. I'm fairly sure the pair I received were actually 2nds. a small piece of the black rubber on the bottom came off after a few months, and the inside support on the back of one of the shoes seemed bent until they were very worn in. minor details to how comfortable and cool these shoes have been for the last year and a half. I have newer shows but still use these for work and biking. I hate shoes that have white bottoms that can't stay clean, and that narrows show selections significantly. why can't manufactures create the same cool shoes and just change the bottoms to anything but white as an option?  these shoes were amazing.", "Such a nice shoes, i love it..!! specially when it's time to run or take a long walk...! However it could be better have it in another color... Good relation between price and quality.", "these shoes look absolutely amazing. the black is dark and super rich and the red is a real deep red so the colors together look unreal. BUY THESE SHOES you will not regret it", "I always have an impossible time buying athletic shoes that keep my heel from slipping out. Some reviewers say these shoes are too snug/narrow; however, they are the most perfectly fitting shoe I have ever worn. So if you have a heel slippage problem like I do, give these a shot. They were just a tiny bit tight in front when I first bought them, but they stretched out just right after a couple days.", "my friend is too happy with his shoes,  he recomende with the closed eye. thanks  he said the color and material are very comfortable.", "These shoes run very narrow and short.  They are comfy, nice looking, and light, but Nike doesn't standardize their sizing and as a result, I am stuck with a pair of shoes that are too small.Waah!", "It is small and tight. Please try to buy one size bigger and it would perfect fit in your feet.", "Have been wearing these for the past 3 months and they're holding up well.Very comfortable sneakers and a great price.", "My 14 year old son has wore these sneakers for a year now and they still fit and look good. They came in his favorite color too.", "I bought this pair, was not happy with them, returned them and now they kept the shoes and will not return my money, do not buy from them, they do not answer you when trying to get your money back.", "It is a great productthe best running shoes i`d ever hadI love themwant them in a different color now.", "I bought Nike before, size 10, and they fit very well.  These are too tight and I have to have them stretched. Compared to my previous Nikes, they are visibly smaller.  Nike should standardize their sizes!!  I doubt that this is the 2-3 in a million outlier described by six sigma produciton goal.  Now I don't know how to order future shoes.  What size do I get?  Will size 11 be too big.  Will I face the hassel of haveing to send them back?  I shop online because I am busy!  I like the convience of Amazon; but I may have to return to Zappos.  I've gotten the wrong size from  them before (my fault), and they sent me the right size right away, even before I sent back the shoes; and they paid for the return.", "excellent product, 100% happy, 100% recommended. Arrived on time. no complains. the quality is great.excelente producto, comprado desde venezuela, vendedor responsable, 100% recomendado.", "Bought these shoes for my teenage son.  He loves then, he said they are light and easy to run in!", "I got exactly what i expected when i purchased these. They make excellent running shoes for sprints and for long distance. I actually prefer to wear them out in town to when i have a lot of walking to do. Very comfortable.", "I ordered this for my grandson and he loved them. They fit just perfect and came in when they were expected.", "I got these shoes through my Amazon acct at Amazon.com.My husband needed a new pair of sneakers, and these Nike shoes caught my eye and I knew I had to have them for him. He has bad knees and the Dr told him to wear good sneakers to absorb some of the shock of walking, and these fit the bill. He is really happy with them and loves the color combination. Great Nike buy.", "Cool looking shoe.  Very comfortable.  The red is a little overpowering.  It is the first thing I noticed out of the box.", "bought this for my husband who is very unparticular about his shoes. He said they work grerat so for the money it cant be beat!", "i purchased this shoe with no intentions of having high expectations and it really surpassed it. For the price, no.complaints here.", "These shows were amazing. Great colors, design, and very comfortable. Great for running and even for casual purposes for comfy feet. But you should order the size carefully because sometimes ordering shoes online can result in a size too big or small. But other wise an excellent shoe. Love the lunarlon at the bottom for support!", "I took this for a run right when i got them and they were extremely comfortable.  My 5k time improved a whole minute with these.", "These are great shoes that fit very nicely, the colors are fashionable and I would recommend these shoes to anyone", "This rating is because the product is not 100% authenticat a glance you can see that the product is not genuinedefinitely not recommend, offer misleading", "best shoes so far that i have worn within the past few months...im in college for a couple hours a day and all that walking hurts my feet at the end of the day... after wearing these shoes for the past 3 days i didn't have any pain at all and the best part , there really light and i feel that gel support under your heels at all times.", "My son's favorite shoes. Had same pair in smaller size, held up well fir this hard-playing kid. I was glad to find them available online.", "The shoe wore well. Was a comfortable fit from the start. Great color. I've never had a problem ordering shoes on Amazon. I have always gotten a good fit. It helps to know your product and get the right size.", "I am always afraid of purchasing kids shoes on line but the reviews on size help a whole lot. They are very well made and would received super fast.", "Everything said about this shirt is true, the quality is top of the line.Perfect fit and it arrived on time.Would recommend to any woman!", "This bag is great for the price. Made of Hi-quality Materials , This is very recommended for gym purposes....No Cons at all......................", "My boyfriend purchased this bag because he didn't want an overly-large bag to take to the gym. This was perfect -- it has an impressive capacity, allowing us to fit two towels, a change of clothes, shoes, a hair dryer, soap, and many other things. We also liked the outer zipped compartments on both ends and on the side, in addition to the cross-body shoulder strap being removable. Definitely a good purchse for those of you who want a simple small gym bag and not a huge luggage-capacity duffel.", "until now i haven't use this bag, it's so huge!. the description was &#34;small duffel bag but its a full size travelling bag", "This is a good sized sports bag which is cool looking and functional. It can fit a pair of shoes, a toiletry bag, a bath towel and some clothes. Perfect!", "I started off by buying myself (2) pairs of the men's style of these shoes from a local store (before I checked Amazon) and couldn't believe how comfortable they were. The shoes were buy one get the second pair half price. I then went back and purchased a pair for my son and a pair of the women's style (in grey and fusia) for my wife. Both my son and wife love the shoes. My wife said they are the most comfortable running shoes she's ever had. She also loves the style and colour. I wanted to get her another pair so I went on Amazon to see if they sold them and found the shoes from this seller for a lower price than I paid for the first (4) pairs...even with shipping!! I bought her another pair of the same shoes in the Cool Grey colour scheme from this seller so she can be styling with more outfits. I totally recommend this seller and these shoes in both the men's and women's styles !!!!", "I love this pair of sneakers! Such a difference from the nike shocks. Makes running a lot easier wearing a lighter shoe.", "Love these shoes. They have held up perfectly. Everyone is always asking me where I got them! Will order again!!!!", "This shoe is identicle to it's full size. Nike uses the same high quality materials they use in the full size lunarglide!", "I ordered a 1/2 size bigger since other similar Nikes seem to all run narrow, but they still pinch the sides of my feet a little & I don't even have particularly wide feet...been wearing them for 3 weeks now, 2-3 classes aweek, so maybe they'll still loosen up a bit...Nike should really consider making them a bit wider, but love the colors!", "Very good and comfartable for training and yoga. My friend is very happy with this choise. Nike is a good one to go.", "it's just what i want, beatuiful shoes, with the right size and color, it's exactly like i want it, thank you", "I love my boots, sn as is what I wanted the perfect size, and I display with much happiness from Venezuela", "Great shoes at a great price. Its hard to find a good looking shoe for a white guy but these are it for me.", "Our teen daughter is thrilled with these shoes. She looked at a lot of different ones online and chose these for both the style and the price. They seem well-made as well.", "Very comfortable, easy to take off and on as there are no laces.  The top rubber webbing does break off fairly easily (I caught one piece on something and it tore) but the shoes are still functional.  These fit more easily in a suitcase than normal running shoes as they compress a little.  They seem somewhat narrow (most Nike's run narrow I think) and they do run a little small so if you haven't tried them on I'd go for a 1/2 size up from your normal size.", "One of my favorite shoes that Nike has produced.  I like no shoe strings...especially for workout shoes!  This is my second pair so that should tell you something.", "this shoes are so confort and easy to wear is kind a small so I buy halfsize more big and fit perfect look so nice have great material qualityI will come back for one more in different color , fast delivery .", "I rarely buy sneakers, however when I saw these I had to purchase them.  Years ago Nike had a line of shoes called &#34;Presto.&#34;  They had one particular sneaker that looked exactly like these, and they were the most comfortable shoes I ever owned.  Bought these for the nostalgic factor and I am very pleased with the product.  They are a great lifing / running shoe, provide amazing comfort, and fit securly.  Very happy.", "Shoes are a half size to small. I would order a half size to a whole size bigger. sharp shoe. No shoe strings", "These were for my grandson.  I had got them for his birthday.  He picked them out and has been very happy with what he got.  &#34;Papa&#34; didn't think much of the color, but that is my generation, not his.", "I usually wear around US 8.5-9 depending on what type of shoe or boot it is. But this shoe I seem to wear a 9.5.", "Great shoe, fits well.  The weight of the shoe is a lot lighter than expected.  Overall with shipping and price an excellent buy.", "I LOVE these shoes. I looked them up on amazon specifically because my prior pair of the same shoe were ready to retire. My first pair lasted me 3 years, wearing at least 4 times a week (and one month long trip walking everyday through Europe!). My second pair has been going strong for a year, and look like they have at least another in them. I also wear these as a waitress for 8+ hour shifts on my feet, and they are the comfiest while having enough grip and support to keep me from falling on the slippery floor in the kitchen. They aren't too bulky, so people don't look at you and think \"Running shoes!!\" I wear them with Jeans, sweatpants, and yogas and they look normal with all of them. I wouldn't recommend them for actual workout running or long term sports wear--but they've served me well in the casual volleyball, basketball, and football games with friends. I also wear an arch support insert with them that supports the heal as well. Supports fit well in the shoe, there's lots of room. They have great support, but the $10 support really makes the shoe an easy wear. I also have EXTREMELY NARROW feet, and these shoes hug them perfectly. If you have fat feet, you will not fit in this shoe well.Note--they are made mostly of mesh. So they are light and easy to wear, but if you live in Seattle like I do, you will need to put something else on for those very rainy days or your feet will get wet. Moderately rainy days they are fine, its just the big puddles that are a problem. Plus side of that is they dry fast and retain heat well, even if you do get wet.", "My 21 year old son chose these shoes and result exactly what he expected, Both color and size fitted perfect his expectations and his feet! Highly recommended", "Good fitting comfortable cleat. No issues with replacement cleats. Found them and they screwed right in. They hold up well after many games and practices.", "After only three wears, three of the spikes came out and were lost.  I called Nike to buy replacements and they said they were all out of football spikes.  Really??  Nike sells millions of football cleats all around the world and they have NO replacement spikes?  That is ridiculous!  Save yourself the trouble and buy cleats with built in spikes.", "SUPER BUMMED, bought these for my son for ball, and they are way too small.  Of course, he opened them while I was at work, and wore them outside, got them dirty, so I cannot return or exchange them.  Wished I would have ordered a size larger, or 2 even!  :(  DISAPPOINTED!", "When I ordered these shoes I thought I had to wait 5 days to get it but it came in 2 business days, so that was really quick service. When I first got them and put them on they felt great on my feet. A little tighter fit on the left shoe but it was still a great feel. The color looks great!! A lot of people don't have this color way. So this was a really FAST and GREAT service. I recommend you buy from them!!", "These shoes have many great features that make them perfect for indoor soccer. Some of the good features include well padded, very hard souls and grip the ball well. With that said, they are not much good for anything else. The sizes run small, so the ones I got are very tight. It's normal to want them tight, so they don't fly off, but these are very tight to the point they hurt just after putting them on. In comparison to mans docker dress shoe, I would say these are 2 full sizes smaller - they are also narrow or normal width. Other then being way too tight, they are a great shoe that I've grown to love.", "They fit great! Our son loves them.  They are very comfortable.  Easy to clean and very durable.  Just wonder why no front cleat on these shoes.  They are for FOOTBALL, not SOCCER.", "This shoes seems cheap, the material is like plastic or something. In my opinion this shoes will broken one this days, when I am doing my training!.", "I am already in love with my new Nike's training shoes! They are beautiful and super comfortable. Delivery was fast. I definitely recommend this product and buyer.", "These are the best. Love the colour and because of the design they breath very wellAll the girls at my gym are in love with them", "Good quality, great price, nice style and my son loved it. They are built very strong andshipping was fast.Will definitely recommend it!", "My husband loves these Nike socks and these are no different. Nike makes a great Men's sock. I always keep plenty of extras in his sock drawer, both crew socks and low cut socks. It always has to be Nike! He says they feel the best, fit him the best, and are pretty much a decent price. It makes it  easy for me when I do laundry, all his socks pair up easily!", "These are not expensive socks, and as you would expect - you get what you pay for.  The padding is pretty minimal.  It will be interesting to see how these hold-up with repeated washings.", "I thought they would be your old regular type of tube sock but come to find out the actually have a built in fit for the foot and the are nice and thick...great for the winter", "I bought these with no satisfaction what so ever.1st. - These are $22 /wo shipping you can get them for $13 at your local Footlocker or Champs.2nd. - They feel terrible3rd. - The ones that cost less is WAAY better and I insure you they're not the same. These are expensive and it sucks.4th. - They rip easily", "EXCELENT. VERY RESPONSABLE.FAST AND WITHOUT DEFECT. I RECEMEND THIS WAY TO PAID.I AM VERY GRATEFUL FOR THE PRODUCT. THANKS A LOT.", "These are nice cleats. They look good and they fit my 6 yr old well. Looks like a great selection for football cleats.", "Great it is exactly what I ordered.....great product and great price, would order more of these in the future for sure", "He's a coach in SE texas and he wears these every time they're clean. I end up washing during the week so he can wear one everyday.", "This Nike is perfect for cool hikes or mountain biking.Ordered it using 'her' shopping app from my iPhone.Just Do It.", "I'm a taller guy, 6'5&#34; on a good day and I now have 4 of these beauties.  The neck is a little larger than I'd like but the rest of the shirt fits well for my liking.. Sleeve length alllllmost perfect, but enough I can handle. Love the dri-fit T's so this is just another addition to my wardrobe. Cheers", "I expected this to be a tight dri-fit top,but it's super loose and does not have a good shape to it.Good for fatties-bad for fitties.", "Comfortable and breathable was very happy with the quality of the product and will definitely make more purchases in the future", "love these shirts. very comfortable! Great to work out in. I would recommend to anyone. I want more, in more colors", "I was expecting more of an under armor type of shirt. you know, tightly fit on the sleeves to show off biceps.? A bit loose on the arms and short in length of the entire shirt. fits kind of awkward for my taste. Good material though.", "This is the best exercise jersey I have found over time. Comfortable and keeps your arms protected from the sun.", "This is a great fitting shirt that is comfortable and lightweight enough to wear when its hot, and the long sleeves make it good for the cold too.", "Fantastic product, as advertised and the price was really good.  The shipper did a great job getting it to me quickly.", "He said it's light weight very comfortable.  As for me the wash, Can wear right out of dryer and it's looks brand new.  I bought all colors for him.", "I was very disappointed. It was thinner and more see-through than the picture depicted. I will just use it as an undershirt on a cold day.", "The shirt was a gift for my boyfriend. It was packaged well, and still had the tags. It fit him a little big", "My husband really likes this shirt however it swallows him. And the sleeves are long.  Still giving 4 stars because for someone that it fits it would be perfect.", "My son needed a slim fit shirt to wear underneath his baseball jersey and the color needed to be PURPLE!!! We scrambled everywhere trying to find an Under Armour shirt or something similar and just could not find anything purple. Finally I got wise and checked Amazon because they have EVERYTHING and I found this shirt! It came quickly, just in time for his game!! It fits well and was perfect for his needs.", "Runs bigger than normally advertised, however it's a great product. I definitely recommend getting one just make sure it's the right size", "The shirt was really great. The material is thin but sturdy and the color very good. Glad that I bought it.", "As a new runner I wasn't prepared to run in the winter. I reached out to a few runner friends who all recommended this shirt. Its a man's size, but I find it to fit perfectly and keeps my arms VERY warm during my short winter jogs.", "I initially ordered a couple of these Nike long sleeve shirts in a couple of colors to check out the quality of the material and the workmanship.  Some people had posted that the shirts were too sheer and too light for their use.  All I can say is that these shirts are my new faves for working out and for wearing under quarter zip pullover shirts.  I think I have ordered a total of six or seven of these shirts in various colors and I was actually contemplating ordering a few more when amazon sent an email message asking me to post a review on these shirts.  The shirts are generously sized.  The material is high quality and is very comfortable next to my skin, unlike some of my other long sleeve work out shirts.  The workmanship is excellent.  They come in a wide variety of colors.  And, they are only +/- $25.00 each.  Believe me, you will not be disappointed.  These shirts are a great value.  Enjoy... and just do it !!", "Perfect shirt if you are running outdoors in the winter or late fall.  It fits loose and is very comfortable! I would definitely reccommend this product.", "About 100% sure this shirt isn't a real Nike Dri-Fit. I own about 4 different Dri-fits and this one is counterfeit. The Nike swoosh looks and feels fake, the fabric doesnt feel like a Dri fit.", "Awesome like all things Nike.  The only thing is the neck line runs a little loose for my liking.  A thicker seam on the neckline would make this shirt perfect.", "These shirts are great for working out. Keeps you dry and very comfortable. I have used them for hiking in cold weather as well as an undershirt to wick sweat away.", "I buy these for my son and he really likes them.  He is a runner and he wears them for morning runs when it is a little cold.", "The material is cheap.  Not what I expected from reading the reviews.  I've bought actual Nike &#34;dri-fit&#34; from Nike and those were actually very durable and warm.  This material is very thin.  If you want it just for looks for the gym, I guess it's ok but for it's purpose -dont buy", "This shirt is great for warming up, light workouts, or running outside/on the treadmill. It fits really well, and is thin so it is very breathable.", "This was nice and the color was perfect.  The only thing I thought to be a little odd, was that the arm pits seemed a bit large????", "The shirt arrived quickly, and his extremely comfortable. I recommend this product for anyone that is interested in being comfortable while working out.", "Everything arrived on time and in good condition.  Great product for working out - exactly what I was hoping for / expected.  Happy with my purchase", "I don't know why more brands don't make interchangeable cleats/spikes. These are great for older youth players who may be moving from Little League/Cal Ripken in the spring to older leagues such as Babe Ruth in the summer. Or, for players who play in more than one league or occasionally have to play in a tournament that doesn't allow metal spikes. Having interchangeable cleats/spikes is a lot easier than having two pairs of shoes. The color-change insert for the Nike Swoosh is a nice touch, too.In addition, they're good, solid shoes overall. The only downside is that the plastic cleats are a little soft and tend to wear out easily. Obviously, they're replaceable and I was able to find a replacement kit locally, but we went through about a set of plastic cleats per month. The metal spikes hold up just fine, just like regular permanent ones.", "these are fitted shirts . i use these for the gym only.  tight to my guns the way i like them.", "Great fit! Great color and the seams are really cool giving it a real nice look. Breathes well and very comfortable. I would recommend this shirt to anyone who likes to work and out and look great.", "I was looking for a comfortable performance shirt that wouldn't break the bank.  This shirt is it.  I own several in multiple colors and use them while working out or lounging around the house.  They breath really well and are lightweight.  After multiple wears I haven't noticed any issues with fading or deterioration.  I would definitely recommend this shirt!", "ordered xlarge and they sent large, when I contacted them they were argumentative and told me to front the return postage and they would resend the correct size, front them the return postage? this was outrageous, they messed up the order and wanted me to expend considerable time and money to fix their error on the promise of them performing to fix", "This Nike Core Fitted 2.0 short sleeve top is perfect. It fits exactly as I want it to. It's tight enough around the upper body but gives a bit around the torso, unlike the compression tees.Also, it's the perfect length. It's not too short, so you can freely put your arms up without having the shirt come up too much. If you have a muscular build or normal build, buy this in your regular shirt size.It's breathable with very fine holes in the back to allow ventilation. The holes are so small, though, that you cannot see through the shirt.I have this in many colors and is my go-to shirt for the gym. Nike needs to keep making these and in more colors.", "After getting this months ago for the Summer, this shirt has proven to be a great product. Nowadays it's my favorite shirt for how it looks, feels, and functions. The shirt's back ventilation and ability to absorb sweat is great for working hard and trying to stay cool. For me it also fits well at 5'9\" 140lbs (I get a Small), with extra length and slack available at the bottom. Overall, it's very comfortable, and not a scratchy synthetic like you might be used to. It's great.", "My son asked for this for Christmas and he put it on to show us the fit.  I thought it was a bit smaller but looked good.  But gotta say, my kid looked &#34;really good&#34; in this shirt!  Wow!", "Shirt fits nicely. It wicks away all the sweat and performs nicely. Not recommended to use in mud though as dirt stains are near impossible to get out", "arrived in great condition the shirt is very comfortable and I can wear it all day without it riding up. good quality no rips or seams breaking. fits nice.", "Very nice", "It is really good, when I wear it, I feel really comfortable and soft, I can wear it anytime, like do sports, take a walk", "Another reviewer made a similar comment about the 2.0 version not being as good as the 1.0 version of this shirt. I would agree. However, the differences are minor and this is a very solid shirt nonetheless:Pros:Fit - I'm a Large across all Nike products. The L version of this shirt fits me well. Snug fit without being too tightFeel - Material is great. Very light. Very breathable. Seems like it's going to be durableCons:Design - Nike added a cheesy &#34;Pro Combat&#34; label to back of this collar. Not a deal breaker for me, but definitely unnecessaryAvailability - Not many colors/sizes from this sellerOverall I'm satisfied. Not the best workout shirt I've ever bought but it'll work for years to come", "Fit as expected and the color is extremely pleasing.  I have gotten several others in this Nike and 2XL gives them room.  This was for my &#34;other&#34; person as a Christmas gift.", "Poor quality . Shirt feels flimsy . Material feels even weaker after washing it . Way too short , slip out from waistband !", "I love this shirt. Fits perfectly without being too tight, and is very comfortable. Perfect for the gym or running. I have 2 now and I might buy more.", "perfect fit.its very easy to wash, great for outdoor activities.material is nice and the colour as well..great service", "Nike had a great shirt under the same name available a year ago.  They have since changed the shirt, and (a) the fit is not as comfortable, (b) there is a tacky &#34;combat&#34; emblem on the back of the neck, and (c) the collar is not nice and snug on the neck like in the old design.  Overall Nike took a perfect shirt, and made it less than perfect.", "First, I think it's important to note just which shirt you're getting here.  Had I been expecting a different fit (e.g., from a previous year) I would have a very different review.  That being said, this was a totally new item to me.I wear this type of shirt as an undershirt for all occasions, and wear it by itself for working out, etc.  Once you adjust to wearing shirts that wick moisture and are designed to allow freedom of movement, etc. it's hard to go back to basic cotton - for me anyway.  This shirt wicks moisture well and doesn't feel heavy under a work shirt.  There are no intrusive tags or seams, it is cut long enough to tuck in nicely, and the \"Pro Combat\" emblazoned on the collar hides under nearly every shirt I wear (if it didn't, I'd probably be opting for a different shirt!).  Under a hiking shirt or by itself for working out it really shines.  I definitely stay cooler and dryer.  At this point, I just cannot wear cotton for a long hike or working out.I now have it in white, heather gray, and \"dark steel\".  The last is kind of a blue/black.  Nike's offering stands out for a few reasons above other semi-fitted, technical shirts that I own:- Nike's shirt holds its shape very well compared to similar products from Champion (I have Reebok shirts that also hold their shape very well).  The last thing you want is a fitted shirt to sag and bunch up.- Nike's shirt holds its color better than any of the other brands I own.  This might have as much to do with washing as anything, but the white shirt is just as white now (after 6 months of wear) as it was when purchased.  Other brands slowly become less bright or downright grey/beige.- Nike's shirt has better details in the overall construction: vented back and underarms really help with heat management, seam locations are perfect with a backpack on (no chaffing on the shoulders), robust cuffs/collar are durable without being bulky.Depending on your use, the venting might make this a less durable shirt than others - I can imagine it getting snagged more easily than the solid material.There are likely other shirts in the price range with comparable features, but I'll stick with this Nike offering until they change the details (at which point, it seems, I may have to go back to searching).", "Everything arrived on time and in good condition.  Great product for working out - exactly what I was hoping for / expected.  Happy with my purchase.  Came in same condition as picture.  Would definitely purchase again.", "Fits snug, doesn't ride down like my ankle socks tend to always do, and comfortable. Favorite pair yet. Love them!", "not a bad deal, I was looking for some super comfy socks and these hit the mark! they're super cushioned and comfy keeping my feet warm on cold days and moisture out! a must buy no disappointments here", "these socks are very comfortable, fluffy, soft, excellent quality and durability, fit perfectly to the foot and it is best to not disturb the seams", "comfortable", "These fell so good on... They are made great... anyone who likes their socks to feel good on their feet this is a great item to buy", "Socks are comfortable, keep your feet warm and dry and they stay where they are! I also have the crew and quarter drifit socks and they are all awesome!", "this was a present for my brother who seemed quite pleased with them, so seems it was a good purchase!", "These glasses are very good quality. I would recommend this unit to another.these glasses cover your eyes completely EXCELLENT", "I like difeternt kind of sunglasses cassual and sports, I like nike and adidas and different colors depending wich clothes I am wearing", "first i must say I am a big fan of Air Max 95. I love the color combination on these particular ones. My only concern was that the tongue, under the laces looked a little faded. these shoes look very much like the originals but somewhere in the back of my mind i feel like they might be very good imitations. They did come in the nike box and it seems like the real deal but for some strange reason im not 100% positive that they are from a legit source.", "I love the furry type shoes, and i love the dunk style. This is the only type of shoes I'd wear in winter. I bought this pair because I was going to the north and needed something warm. They certainly did the job. But you probably should keep in mind that they are not really sneakers. They won't make your long walk or jogging any easier. They sure are stylish though! (shoe laces are kinda short, and too slippery to stay tied)", "A friend had asked me to buy this for him as a favor. Going by the fact that every time he runs, he takes a picture with them on, I'm pretty sure he loves them. He was skeptical about the tint working, but no complaints! They work perfectly!", "The sunglasses arrived in good shape and included a hard case. The sunglasses are very lightweight and comfortable, and the wrap-around lens offer good protection. So far the glasses have fared well in regard to not fogging up compared to some other sunglasses. The sunglasses are fairly fragile given their light weight so use of the included hard case is essential.", "When I lost my running glasses I was so upset. I am glad I ordered something that would make me forget about my old glasses. Great fit on my face (narrow face) and decent lens. Nothing too fancy, but perfect for a run in sunny Colorado.", "Lightweight and solid. Frame is a little bulcky in the middle. Lens larger than most, positive for me.", "After reading most of this product review, I decided to buy it as I was determined to star running again. The most relevant condition from all the comments was that \"it will never get foggy\" by transpiration and sweat. Well, I got it yesterday and I took then for a spin this morning on my first run. After four laps, really delivered its promise. Besides the great protection, nice glossy looking on the frames and nice adjustment to my face, it was an unmatchable promise fullfilled to me.  If you are thinking on starting your training for running or if you do professionaly, this pair is a must.Enjoy", "been wearing it for a few tennis games.  never had any problems so far. it is light weight, i barely feel it is on me. and it doesn't fog. i played for almost 2 hours and these lenses stay clear the whole time.  i live in Hawaii, so you can imagine how sunny it can get. but these glasses did a fantastic job.", "Though I got 3 lenses but I didn't, only got the sunglasses but they are very good sunglasses.  They are very comfortable and they do not fog", "i like a lot and the price is good. i recomend this item. i will buy new color glass to change", "I stumbled onto these sunglasses after reading a review in runners world magazine.  I took a chance and ordered them after getting frustrated with other sunglasses I've spent a lot of money on but didn't meet my expectations.  I was a little skeptical when I first opened the box because they were so lite they didn't feel to be of quality construction.  However, they fit great and on my first run with them I quickly forgot I had them on.  Not only did they not fog up (a huge irritation with other glasses I've tried), but they didn't bounce and stayed put and my face.  The Tailwind 12 sunglasses are great and I would highly recommend these glasses.", "I log about 25-35 miles a week, and every pair of glasses prior to these would fog up to the point where visibility would be cut by nearly 50%. Not with these. They breath well and do NOT fog up. They are extremely light, fit very comfortably, do not bounce, which in the end allows you to enjoy your run.", "Got this at a great price have really enjoy the glasses.  They do not fog up and they help protect my eyes.", "the glasses have a good design, they don't fog up when running  in cold.they are very light and stylish.", "My husband loves these sunglasses so much that we bought another pair for my dad. They fit well, are comfortable & keep the sun out of your eyes. They also look nice on.", "I have long been one of those people who refuses to spend more that $20 at a big box store for sunglasses; my assumption was that they're all the same so why spend extra $$ on something I'll drop or lose anyway. I got curious about \"better\" sunglasses as I've upped my miles running and biking but didn't want to drop $200 on a pair of Oakleys, so I thought I'd give these a try based on a positive review on a running site. They are very light and tight enough on my head that I haven't had to push them back up mid-run. I have a pretty big head, so fogging is usually an issue but I haven't had that problem with these either. I'm pretty happy about this first foray into good glasses and will get another pair of Nikes when I (inevitably) lose these!", "i had such a hard time getting my product!! the person i gave it to as a gift loves it!", "Exactly what I was looking for. The sweatshirt is the same color blue and just as bright as the photo. Super soft inside, good quality.", "I bought this Nike sweatshirt as a gift for my cousin. He loved it! True to size and true to color shown.  I actually wanted to buy another one for his brother but the size we needed was out of stock.  Great price! Couldn't beat it! Also got delivered right in time!", "Ordered these for my daughter for her to play basketball this year. This is the first pair that she has gotten that are actually basketball shoes for on the court. She says they are very nice, looks great, and looks forward to using them on the court. They fit perfectly as ordered for her still growing foot. THank you", "I already had a pair so when it was time for a new pair I chose this style again. Great product", "My shoes fit as expected. Are very comfortable and I would like to recommend to my friend thank very much", "This is the 3rd In-Season TR2 I've purchased.  My first pair was orange and black for my grandchildren's school colors; the 2nd was the gray and green for my work out shoe, and this last one (black) I purchased for my all around walking shoe.  This shoe is a fantastic fit, the insole is no cushy ... there isn't enough words to say how marvelous this shoe is.  Nike should make a whole bunch more.", "The sewn in tongue of the shoe was unexpected and I have a high arch which makes it difficult to get on quickly.  But when I get it on the shoe is comfortable.", "The cushion in these shoes are wonderful!  They are really comfortable and I absolutely love the fact that they came in a normal color and not just the neon crazy colors that are popular right now.  I am not a teenage, so I don't want the neon stuff.  I wear these in my gym classes and for any running (treadmill and outside) and they are just as comfy as when I first put them on.  I will give a little heads up, because they are so cushy, they are a little tighter than I expected (tight around the foot, not in the toe area).  I still have plenty of toe room.", "The shoes have a gel filled insole and are designed to be slipped on. I love them, but if you have wide feet or find it difficult to bend over and wrestle your feet into shoes, they aren't for you. The uppers are thick fabric with stretch and are very snug, would probably be uncomfortable for a wide foot.I appreciated the quick delivery.", "I love these NIKE sneakers....no need to wear socks with these....the cushioned foot bed feels wonderful...I love them so much I bought an extra pair (they are hard to find....thank God for Amazon!)", "I hate wearing tennis shoes because they are often heavy and make my feet look huge ... these  Nikes are super comfortable -- I've even worn them with dress slacks!", "After I broke my foot the memory foam sockliner was like walking on a cloud. I love this shoe and would buy them in every color in my size.", "i love these shoes, they are very lightweight, and have a comfortable gel inside. they are great! i would buy them again.", "Took no time to get here and they are holding up well. I would recommend this to anyone if they are looking for a new pair of shoes.", "I always buy Nike and the size seems standard.  The laces on this one seemed a little short to reach the last holes near the top.I have had random compliments about their appearance.", "The shoes were as seen in the pictures. The only prolblem I had, is that they were a little too tight on the sides.", "This is a weird looking shoe. It is too small and it looks like it is made lopsided. I cant seem to give it away.", "They are good and comfortable they recommend.Nike Elite Mens Running Shoes 311082-037 Medium Grey 9 M US .Very good.Fit as expected", "like the classic waffle soles and the retro look. however, they seem to be a bit narrow on the hubby's feet.", "It is a really good looking shoe, looks like it is made from high quality stuff. I like the shoe.But it is ridiculously high, the picture does not do it justice how high this shoe goes. It engulfs your whole ankle and then some. Its closer to a boot then a sneaker, cant run in it if you should need to cuz theirs very little flexibility in the ankle.", "I love these shoes! They're very comfortable and look great, I've gotten many compliments on them. If you like the look of chucks you'll love these, they have the same style but with better support and cushioning. I have a job that require me to be standing and moving about for 8 to 9 hours at a time and by the end of the day in chucks my feet would be cramping and my back would be killing me. But with these I felt fine by the end, with some insoles they would probably be even better. I don't love the look of these with shorts, but they look great with pants. It's hard to recommend shoes because everyone has different feet length and width, but I have size 11.5 feet that are pretty wide and these fit perfectly", "I purchased these shoes about a little over a year ago and they are still going strong. I was attracted to the black/yellow/grey color scheme and have been pleasantly surprised by their comfort and durability. I've worn in them in all types of weather: heat, snow, rain. Whenever they get dirty I just wipe them down with a damp cloth and they look good as new.", "these are one of the most comfortable shoes i have ever gotten. and look great, love the colours and design, so stocked with them", "I really like these shoes. They're stylish, but they don't have enough padding for me. Walking around in these make my feet feel a little sore. The hi-top style gives good ankle support.Overall, these are very nice shoes, just a little uncomfortable.", "I had a good few inches between my big toe and the end of my shoe, they were much too large. It felt more like a men's 12 than a woman's 12 and in my experience Nike sneakers run small and narrow. Also, the back of the shoe is very stiff and was not comfortable against the back of my leg. I am returning these shoes.", "love everything about the shoes but apparently nike has changed sizeing? shoes were larger than anticipated, but doinable i hope , we will see once the season starts. i always buy nike for my son because size is usually dependable and one of the few soccer shoes that are wide enough at the toe. still the same great quality as always, i guess i am lucky and will just get two seasons instead of one!", "Good morning friends my stuff please do not get me what I need never send to the address VLN6875 ADELSO MONTES2250 NW 114TH AVE UNIT 1VMIAMI, FLORIDA 33172-3652United StatesPhone: 7869724911 is my personal locker or I make a gift card to buy it again and please i need your help thanks greetings from Venezuela that is my size so just do not know where to communicate with you why I write for this helps with the purchase via", "comodos para salir a trotar caminar hacer ejercicios en cualquier parte subir al avila monta&ntilde;a o campin donde sea necesario", "Modern design, excellent quality, very beautiful colors, and very comfortable. I recommend it, very good acquisition. Nike is just Nike, Congratulations", "This shoe is light, feels great on my feet and I wear them ONLY when I run..looks real good, too....", "great product with a resalable price. next time i need athletic shoes will be the first place to check. thanks", "I was havong issues with other brands of running shoes, most notably pain in the my feet after each workout. These shoes were reccommended to me by a friend and any problems are gone. The shoe cushions each step and controls motion of the foot at the moment of strike. Really comfortable and works as expected even when wet (got rained-on just yesterday doing 7 miles).Would reccomend it ti others and will buy more of the same.", "Unfortunately i got an email saying the stock number was wrong on here and that i will be getting a full refund which i did receive. I know the shoes great because i had a different colored pair before. They fit really nice and easy on the feet. I would recommend the shoes.", "I love these shoes! I love them so much, I have three different colored pairs of them! They are really comfortable. Because of the mesh, there is a minimal breaking in period.", "I'm glad I found this when I did it was only $26 which is a great deal for any dri fit shirt. Especially a nike one", "Bought as a gift for my husband last Xmas. He loved it. Hope I can find more quality bargains like this.", "I bought these for my son aged 9 and they fit him well.  material of good quality.  Feel that they were a good buy.", "i bought these cause i am diabetic and needed something comfortable and they are a nice style and very comfortable i thank you very much for meeting my needs", "not very happy with the look of this item..IT LOOKS LIKE A FAKE NIKEY. SOMEWHAT IMITATION SUEDE..Its for running..So its OK..", "The tiempo are actually better than the latest adidas shoes. I think the stud placement is a good compromise between perf and comft", "the wrap around technology ensures the sunglasses are snug and do not bounce around during runs and other activity.  Lightweight!  Also, when placed on head/hat, stays snug there as well and has not yet fallen off.  It didnt come with a plastic case, but one wasnt advertised so I'm not worried.  I'll find an old one and use it instead.  Recommend buying, yes!", "The only sunglasses my husband will wear! They're hard to find so I'm excited that we finally found them somewhere!", "I've had many pairs of Nike Comfort flips over the years and I've always been happy. They are simply the most comfortable flips I've ever worn.The style of the shoe is sporty, and that's all the Comfort ones come in. Sporty isn't my style, but I wear these anyway because they feel so great. It's like a tempurpedic for my feet.I wear them everyday when I get home from work and one pair lasts me about 2 years. I got a pair for a friend and she walks on the insides of her feet so the toe area cushion became flat on hers quicker. I guess it just depends on how hard you are on your shoes but in my experience, these flips are good and durable.My only complaint is I wish they were more water resistant. The squishy part of the shoe is covered in some sort of a fabric, not plastic. I'd say it feels comparable to those squishy wrist rests at the computer store. Not a huge inconvenience at all, especially for the way they feel.", "Great pricevery comfortablelook great too!would highly recommend them to anyone on their feet a lot.  They are amazing!", "These flip flops are amazing.  It is like walking on jelly clouds.  The cushions absorb the shock as you walk and you can walk for hours.  When I am walking all day, I normally wear a good tennis shoe with arch support for comfort.  I have found that these flip flops provide the same support and comfort.  Also there is no rubbing between the toes like most flip flops.  It is a great fit.", "This sandal was the most comfortable one besides my Birkenstocks thanks Nike for adding the memory foam I have had 14 ankle surgeries and I will buy these every year very comfy", "These were purchased as a gift for my mother. She has not stopped raving about them ever since she got them. Two months later, she still claims they're the most comfortable sandles she's ever owned.", "My daughter and a friend both have this sandal and I coulldn't believe how comfortable it was. Of course the Nike name you can't go worng with that. The shoe fits perfectly for my foot and c an be worn all day without discomfort.I am happy with my purchase.", "I didn't care for the shoes the where to small even though they where my size. & they did not feel comfortable on my feet.", "Ordered a pair for myself and for my husband.  Both ran small.  I usually wear a size 9, and my foot sits right at the ends.  Same with my husband who normally wears a size 12.  Not sure if these come in half sizes, but if so....I highly recommend ordering a half size larger than you normally wear.  They are very comfortable and supportive.", "These sandals are like walking on a cloud! Bought them to wear to Disney and I wore them all day and my feet felt great!", "They're comfortable and wear well, I've got several pair that I wear at home or anywhere I have to walk a lot.  Very nice to walk in.  They're nothing fancy, but they are nice, sturdy flip flops.  I've gotten my money's worth, no doubt about it.", "This is not a flimsy flip flop.  Comfortable and cushy while feeling sturdy.  Wish it came in more colors, but the black goes with everything.  My daughter had a pair of these and that's how I noticed them and wanted a pair.  Not a big Nike fan, but these are great.", "Comfortable sandle, great for giving your foot a break after a run or a game or just because.  Almost like a slipper.", "These are by far the best flip flops ever!  Every Spring I look for them and am willing to pay full price because I wear them so much.", "They are sized to large.  So when I wear them they don't want to stay on my feet every well..", "However, I returned the thongs because I have narrow feet and they did not fit properly.  I also did not like the slick lining underfoot.", "These sandals are simply comfortable, are padded and recommend it to all the girls, I have several I love my", "The shoes are very comfortable. Better than the cheap pairs. Feels like you're walking on pillows. Great for everyday walking and also by the pool.", "I purchased a pair of Nike Comfort Thongs last year and lived in them all summer. However, it didn't go with all my wardrobe. I had to have another pair this year and will probably buy another color later on. This is the only thong that I can wear comfortably and I will stay with Nike as long as they make the comfort thong available. Love everything about them.", "I bought a size bigger than I normally would as some reviewers pointed out and it fitted perfectly! They're very comfortable to wear.", "These are the most comfortable flip flops I have found. I favor these over tennis shoes to walk in anytime.", "I love these sandals!! They are the best and I bought four pairs and one for my pregnant friend.  They are so comfortable to walk around town on really hot days.", "The shoe kind of fits small to the size...especially on the width.......hopefully it will open up.....otherwise its a good shoe for running......", "Ordered this shoe for my 12 yr. old son and couldn't be more happy.  It's lightweight, supportive and, best of all, no tongue to worry about sliding to the side when he does his workouts.  My son hasn't worn any other shoe since he received them.  He says they feel like slippers!", "When ordering this shoe, you need to consider if you will be using it barefoot or with socks.  With socks, you'll want to order at least a half size larger than normal.", "Shoes arrived quickly, they are 1 size bigger than the regular cortez basic leather shoes, but exactly as described.  10char", "These shoes look great and would be 5 stars if the fit wasn't off. I've never considered myself to have wide feet and have never had a problem with shoes being too narrow but these are a tighter fit than any other shoe I've owned. They squeeze in on my toes and are pretty uncomfortable to wear. Hopefully once they're broken in they will mold better to my feet and not feel excessively tight.", "Nice shoes but they run narrow, Nike's site says to order 1/2 larger if you have wide feet.  I say order a 1/2 size larger if you have normal feet.", "This is a really classic design. I love the grading in the shade, and I use it all the time when driving.There is only one problem, and that may be very individual for me, and that is the length of the temples. My head is obviously some percentage too large, so they do not fit perfectly. I wish sunglasses sold here had a couple different temple-lengths..", "I like these shades, fit perfect the tint is way cool. Though, when I bought these I was under the impression I was going to recieve a case with them. Oh well. They won't need a case they not coming off.", "Have run in this shoe before! Excellent shoe for longer runs! Fits true too size! Would but this shoe again.", "My son bought this sweatshirt, good quality and its nice and warm.  He is very happy with it and would by another.", "bought these shoes even a one size too large a size 11, plenty of room in the toe of the shoe,but found even though I have a B width foo that they were rather tight with socks on. I guess they work well if you don't wear socks with them. I found them attractive and wear them when I don't have to do a lot of standing at work which is basically where I wear them. Because during the night shift which I work if you do a lot of standing your feet tend to swell working the graveyard shift. This was the first time I have had a problem with Nike brand shoes, have bought several in the past with no problems at all. Suggest buying these shoes only if you have a very narrow foot.", "Very nice and comfortable Nike shoes. Light and unusual coloring , looking special. Got them at a great price too.", "Firstly, they do not look very nike or feel very nike.  The embellishment is pink and to &#34;frilly&#34; for a black shoe.  they also seem cheaply made, and they fit small and narrow.  My 77 year old mother liked them and they do seem more fitting for an older person.", "I bought these for vacation and they are great - good fit and very comfortable for walking all day! They look good with jeans as well as yoga pants, these shoes have good support and feel well made.", "Great wallet for my son for christmas. He loved it. It is a high quality product that will last a long time.", "Product is nice and very light weight. Good quality leather and seems to be bike to withstand years of use. The only downside to this product is that there is no slot dedicated to your license. This can get annoying as when you have a need to show your drivers license you'll have to fumble around and pick the card out of the slot. Having that in mind if that doesn't bother you ( it didn't me) this is a fantastic wallet.", "Doesnt really fit my cards in the provided slots but after jamming them in there at first the slots stretched out...the wallet is decent", "I bought this for a nephew for Christmas. It looked very well made, and we both were happy with it.", "It is a very good wallet.  The pockets for the cards are very tight when inserting the credit cards and membership cards but work.  They are only big enough for one care each (two if you really try and don't really use them all the time).There isn't a middle pocket for the ID so you would have to manually remove it to show it (casino, bars, whatever) and it could be a pain.  I used the middle flap (it has a clear patch of plastic over it so you can have it in their and still show the information) into it.  It still folds good with it so keep that in mind.  The money slides into it without folding the corners but if you try to put too much in (about seven or more) bills, it wont slide anymore and they jumble up. but that doesn't matter because you are a shot caller anyways :).  The corners of the wallet are very stiff but I think that it is just because it is leather and it can be worked out, but for the first week or so, it will be stiff and stab you a bit if you aren't careful.  It folds flat with more than 10 bills in it and it only bows after about 13 with all the pockets filled with cards.", "Comes in attractive packaging. Replaced my boyfriend's similar Nike wallet which he had for about 10 years. This wallet is not too bulky and fits the basics you would need.", "This product is very nice quality of leather. It is perfect for the athletic man. I would recommend this product to anyone.", "Great quality wallet for the price. Just as described. Subtle nike emblem on corner of wallet. Bought it for my 16 year old son for Christmas. He loves it.", "Got this as a gift for my boyfriend.He liked it a lot. Said the leather was nice.Hes had it for 2 months now, and looks brand new.So great i decided to review it! It's a good buy, great gift idea!", "This is a very minimalist wallet and if it didn't have the swoosh on it and come packaged in a beautiful box with magnetic catch, it would be just another $5 wallet. That's fine though because I was looking for a thin wallet that didn't have a hundred pockets and dividers in the currency sleeve, as though I need to keep my hundreds separated from my fives. Well, this fits the bill (pun intended- note singular use of the noun) but they've taken the minimalist design a tad too far. Cards do not fit in the slots and once you have forced them in you need pliers to get them out. There are only 6 card slots but oddly when they are all filled the wallet is reluctant to close flat, and that's before you try to put anything in the hidden sections. And as far as folding money is concerned, my advice is to travel light; perhaps a couple of hundreds because much more than that and wallet is not going to fold flat. This is basically a step up from a money clip so unless you travel with maybe 4 credit (ATM, library, Moose Lodge Club, etc) cards, a couple of biz cards and a few bills you can drop the &#34;fold&#34; from &#34;billfold&#34;. Overall a nice looking wallet with just average construction. Oddly, the long section of leather is split into 2 pieces. Not sure if this is a design feature or just saving cost on a larger piece of leather but creates an annoying bump where the overlap seam occurs vertically, just past the halfway point on the backside of the wallet. Did I mention the nice box...?", "Great size wallet.  It's nice & light and won't weigh down your pockets.  Holds most of the items you need unless you carry a lot of store cards.  Consider an alternative (phone apps, something else to hold store cards) before buying.", "I buy shoes all the time. But I really like these. They look good with your Nike gear. You know it looks great when your teenage kids start wearing your clothes. When all we guys want to do is grab something quick to wear w/out thinking about it much. Good thing I had two pair, because my teenage son luvs these shoes. They are really comfortable sort of spongy like walking on cotton candy. Highly recommended!", "I love these shoes.  They fit snug to my feet and they're nice and light for my workouts.  I bought two pairs of these shoes since I liked them so much.", "If you need a good cross training, not running shoe, then I highly suggest these shoes. Especially if you're doing exercises that require a lot of jumping, pivoting and twisting of legs.", "These shoes are lightweight and all-day-long comfortable. I'm a school custodian and on my feet all day, and my feet nef=ver feel tired or achy when I wear thses shoes. Probably will be getting another pair in a diffrent color combination.", "Pros:I get a lot of compliments with this shoe, Its unique and functional/causal and a cute color combo (brown and orange)Cons:Flat - the soles are similar to Van's where its Flat. If you need some arch support, you'll need to put in inserts and thus order a .5 size bigger.No Ankle support. The ankle and top of the boot is very wide and offers no support. Sometimes I feel like I might roll my ankle if I'm not careful.Over all very cute shoe, I do enjoy wearing them, but I don't wear them as much as I hoped I would because of the lack of arch support and the wide ankle.", "are ok....keep up the good work....nike bravo .....their quality is ok.....price is a little high but to see them after wearing them....soo ...five star ....", "The only reason I rated these only 4 is &#34;Obsidian&#34; is apparently Dark Blue? I thought black...Had to dye them...Perfect!", "I love the way these sneakers look. I bought two pair, one for work and one for home. I have always loved the look of the Nike Cortez since I saw my gym teacher wear them back in 1978. These are my favorite sneaker!", "great shoes i will order more ,thanks for the good service. i love this shoes, there awesome. and fit comfortable", "Throw back shoes. I love them.Thank you. Eeal throw backs, looks great and old school. my husband will love them for Christmas.", "The leather Nike Cortez shoes are ther4i most comfortable. It used to be avaiable in several colors but is now hard to find in solid black. Why?", "My boyfriend loves these sneakers.  He wears them with jeans and t-shirts or sweaters.  No matter what, they look great.  They are now his favorite sneakers.", "We sent these sneakers to my son for Xmas and the picture didn't do them any justice. &#34;They are beautiful and comfortable and the leather is like butter&#34; these are my son's words. Great value as well!", "Son is picky with his kicks as he says lol and the toe creased within an 8 hr period of just sitting around. For the money they should be better made.", "I like these. They are comfortable and casual and I like the color a lot. I like the simple design. I will like them even more after they stop looking so new.", "Should be correct now! I received a version with all red frames. Acceptable, but not what is pictured.I'll update to five stars on receiving product.", "Great deal fast delivery, thanks!", "Any Nike product is of excellent quality. The 2 types of lenses, black and brown, filtered sunlight as expected to do so. Also the design is very striking.", "Very disappointing - my daughter has been a size 9 in cleats for many years - so i ordered these shoes - although marked on them as a 9, they were a size smaller - the vendor would not take them back.  Shoes were so small, that she tried to wear them and her feet were numb for 2 days after!  We held them up to her old cleats which were a 9, and that is when we discovered they were a size smaller.  The vendor was very inflexible and I will never order from them again!  It is unclear whether it was Nike's fault or the vendor's though.  Do not buy these cleats off the internet - make sure your daughter or you try them on live.", "Bought these for my daughter and she loves them! Comfort & style.... A winner!! Will be wearing them for field hockey as well!", "very nice jersey -- fits well and love the quality.cool to have as the olympics are in russia this winter.definitely recommend.", "The shoes are awesome, they are just like expect, the color is amazing and with a good material, it demonstrate the quality of nike shoes", "Fits perfectly; awesome for indoor soccer;I have a bit wide feet and took a day to break in.Love the control you have on the ball and the grip on non-wet floor.", "These shoes are perfect for soccer and they are very comfortable also. The description matches exactly and the size is perfect.", "I chose this rating because my grandson put them on and was soooo happy.then it happened..they were too big and we had to send them back.  I am stillwaiting for refund..there were total tears this is the shoe he had hoped for.I hope to be able to get some others similar for outdoor as his indoor soccer willbe over by the time a refund comes and another pair is purchased if they are evenavailable..But they did meet all his expectations...", "Love these shoes, great cushion. I run in these, do boot camp in them and have had no issues! also, they are so cute", "They are great. Expensive for socks, but they are really nice and seem to wash up well. I have only had them a few weeks, but happy with purchase so far.", "As far as socks go, these socks rock! So many people stop me to ask about my socks and I like that!", "Very good quality of material and my son enjoys them", "Decent socks - would buy again, would be really great if they were a bit big so it helps with not getting tanned :)", "This is the first time I find lebron socks in stock. It is a really good item and I totally recommend it.", "These Lebron James nike elites were very comfortable and well fitting. They are great for basketball and I highly reccomend them for baskeball players.", "I play basketball, golf and every other activity in these. My feet tend to get sore if I'm on them for a long period of time but not so much in these.", "Bought 2 pair for my teenage sons for basketball. They love them. Not a bad price for the quality. They will last a long time. Worth the extra $$", "The socks were great normal Nike brand but I got them a month late defeats the purpose of a gift !", "I BOUGHT THESE AS A Christmas PRESENT FOR MY GRANDSON IN THE DALLAS AREA AND HE LOVES THEM OR SO HIS MOTHER SAYS.", "My 12 year old loves these socks and I always pick him up a few new pair a month.  I usually get them at the Navy Exchange for much cheaper, but I am deployed right now so this is my only option.  I don't mind paying an extra couple of dollars to make him happy while I am away!", "These are very comfortable. Best for athletic people. You cold run all day with these. Unlike other socks. Buy these", "My son loves these socks as well as all Nike Elite Basketball Crew Socks.  I know they are somewhat pricey, but they last a long time.  I wash these socks 3 times a week and they look brand new.  The cushion and compression are perfect for my 14 year old.", "Very good and comfortable socks and they came faster than expected and that's good business thanks &#34;AplusAthletics&#34; I do appreciate!!! God bless!!!", "although these socks are expensive, they seem to last a lot longer than regular socks.  My son loves them and wears them daily.", "These socks are very durable and meet all of my expectations.  Thank you for such good quality merchandise.  Thank you", "Rather expensive for only one pair of socks. Really they are JUST socks. But teenagers boys seem to love socks so it works, I guess.", "Not like swaggy underarmour but still the coolest beans socks my eyes have every looked on swaggy nike beans elits.", "They weren't the right color I wanted black and red not white and red they didnt fit right they were the wrong size", "Nice sock but there are slightly better made socks out there at this price point.The pads around the ankle areas are not well placed.  *Maybe it's just how my feet are???Otherwise, the fit is nice and the heel is just deep enough.I really like the color patterns.", "Brought for my son (13 years old). He wore them for basketball practice and some games. No complaints from him.", "I love the colors and I really want this Lebron style elite sock, but too big. Please stock in Large 8-12", "These shoes are only $55.00 suggested retail and can be bought @ shoe carnival for $55.00", "These shoes can be bought @ shoe carnival for suggested retail price of $55.00", "Out of the box this shoe is magic. Light, flexible, and a sole with sufficient support. The only problem I'm having is I keep pulling a tendon in my calf when I'm running, but that's a reflection of my running style.", "Its always been difficult for me to buy comfortable fitting shoes since i have a wide foot , but these shoes fit great ! I would highly recommend buying from this seller. Shoes arrived ahead of time excellent service.", "These shoes are so hard to find in stores! Of course Amazon has them!! They are so comfortable! There's no need to break them in! You can wear them with no discomfort right out of the box! I refuse to wear any other kicks!!", "Yes, daughter... Some ladies have wide feet, Nike Men's to the rescue!  They fit her well, are comfy, and had a short break in, so she's happy.", "very good condition and arrived very quickly perfect taste are comfortable I liked the colors is to me and to use on Christmas Eve December 24", "I don't know who's sizing these things for Nike, but this is certianly no XXL...I'm a full grown adult, and this this insn't even CLOSE to an XXL.  It's SKIN TIGHT.This is absolute garbage, and I will NEVER order ANYTHING from this seller EVER AGAIN.  DESCRIBE YOUR SIZES PROPERLY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", "They fit great and are comfortable. They should have made the Velcro strap a bit longer so I leave it unhooked.", "I'm satisfied. The product was fully my expectations. Size, color, style. They were as the description. I'm happy with this product", "I was a bit worried about the fit for my son.  He wears 5.5 in other NIKE shoes and these were a bit bigger, but a good fit since his foot is still growing like crazy.  Great price. Easy to order.", "My 8 year old is BIG into soccer and he wanted a new pair of indoor soccer shoes. He found these on Amazon all by himself and saved up his money to purchase them. They were a great price for the shoe. My son is really hard on shoes, he plays hard every day and they don't normally last but these ones have lasted several months and they are still in great condition. He loves the bright colors and gets regular compliments on them which makes him smile :)", "They are a great indoor shoe for the price. They fit nice and she loves the way they look. She believes they make her run faster", "My son has these for sport at School. They have to have white with small amount of blue. great support for his ankles and no blisters!", "CONSIDERING THE GIRL'S BB SHOES WHERE SO MUCH MORE EXPENSIVE, I JUST SUBTRACTED 2 SIZES FROM WHAT SHE IS NOW IN WOMEN'S AND THAT WAS HER SIZE IN THESE SHOES. THEY LOOK GREAT ON HER! AND SHE LOVES THEM.", "Bought for my 3 year old basketball loving grandson, hasn't taken them off except to sleep. He likes everything Nike and DUNKS  great in them..", "Very nice sneakers , it fits very well and it's like as described", "I bought this for my 7th grader and he loves it. It has plenty of room and it's very durable for school and sports. The only down side was when I ordered it, we ordered the bue one because that's his favorite color but the gray one is what we got. Still very happy though...", "I use this bag to carry my gear for after-office use, because it will be wastage of time to go home, change and get back to the gym for exercise. It has already saved me hours. The compartment helps to keep the more wet things in one and the rest in the other.", "Nike isnt what they used to be. I loved nike products because they seemed to be designed by athletes so they always seemed to have that something extra. Not anymore ! i purchased this bag and a similar bag made by adidas. The difference was night and day . Granted i was just looking for a light bag to use when i go biking and this bag does everythig that i need it to BUT when the adidas bag came it really put this bag to shame. If your in need of a bag i highly suggest you forget this bag and check out the adidas bag , you will not be sorrry!!", "Just as described and pictured , has 3 different compartments , one witha zipper. It's waterproof and fits nicely , you probably wouldn't even notice your wearing it sometimes .", "My HS son chose this because he has other Nike products and loves the color and design. We'll see how long it lasts.", "Great product. Came in a decent time, was clean and brand new. Will use it every time I go hiking. I like the adjustable straps and two pockets.", "Nike products seem to be very popular at my son and daughter's school, and this gymsack is no exception.  It's durable and well made, and comes in some nice colors.  The price is reasonable as well.", "exactly what i needed. great colors. great length. comfortable to wear on my back.", "Great color and sizeFits shoes books and water bottles just greatGreat for athletes, easy to Cary around , and looks good", "this came early and was exactly as described. My son was very excited and it has lasted a while. usually by now they have a hole in them but it doesn't so far.", "i really like this gymsack, fit my soccer shoes and more, color its great and just what I expected, fast shipping and good packing, very satisfied", "very good and fits me pretty much. also, it can hold lots of stuffs. i love it very much yes.", "I use it for the gym and it does the job, it's an overall good back pack. I recommend it.", "Gift for my nephew he loves nike items. We was strolling on the Internet and this bag was eye catching to him...", "Great little bag for times when a giant gym bag is too much!  Great price and speedy service.  My husband loves it!", "Great", "Great bag and very sturdy. Ideal for tossing a few things in, to take to the gym or short trips to the beach, etc. Includes a zipper pocket on the outside and 2 inner pockets - one that is vented at the bottom to let air flow through. And straps that are pretty heavy duty to snug the top closed.", "I've always been a fan of Nike products, this bag is great and even has a vented side for your gym shoes, towel or whatever you want.  Does what I need it to do so I am one happy customer - also package came on time.", "Great bag, well made, love that I can carry it back pack style and is divided inside.", "Arrived as planned, quality is great. Perfect fits everything needed to play soccer. Glad I purchased it, will buy again!", "I bought this bag for my boyfriend because he goes to the gym everyday and he loves it. It holds all the essentials quite nicely and even opens up to fit in enough clothes. The quality is great and you can adjust it to a comfortable level.", "cool pants. i ordered a large. i am like a size 36 and these are too tight around the waist,  need to lose a couple pounds for these.", "the fabric is lookingcheap, the size of il is too small and narrow. it doesnt look like nike quality product.", "great shoe... it's very strong, stylish and perfect fit. it's also easy to clean and the price is rite. could not have gotten it better", "My son wears them over  and  over he loves them they f it  perfectly I love them  they  are perfect  better  than  what  I found  in stores", "The product was actually fine. The socks seems a little but too thin. But overall, they're fine. They are a bit too expensive.", "I bought these socks for my 13 year old boy, size 11 shoe.  The socks are too small, however they seem too be well made, so I will give them to my 12 yr old grand daughter.", "Son loves them.  Comfortable.  Wash well and hold up for a long time.  He's rough on socks.  Sometimes he takes his shoes off and runs around with no shoes on, yet they hold together well.  His last pair lasted a year before needing replacing.", "It is funny how something simple like resupplying black crew sox can be dynamic.  Nike, and others like Nautica, change-up their style, some for better and others for worse.  These are comfortable and soft, but they really do not look very durable, more light-weight which is a positive for warmer weather.", "My son plays basketball and i found that these sucks are the ones that will last the longest. They look very good also. I would recomend this product because of its quality, good looks and durability.", "The socks are not what I expected, they are just ordinary same as the store bought. Not what I was looking for.", "They last forever, don't show dirt (obviously) and pull away sweat during workouts. My 9 year old son loves them too.", "Excellent quality and confort. Fits good. Its soft great purchase. I recommend it. The package its ok and safe for", "I'm not sure if these socks were authentic Nikes. They don't feel like any nike sock I've purchased from a department store. The swoosh logo was off center and the sock keeps leaving those black fuzzes all over my feet when I wear them as if the sock is falling apart already. Not very durable at all. I would be hesitant to purchase again.", "These nike pair of socks are my favorite socks to ware. They are very comfortable and fit nice and snug!", "They are just a couple of sox. Dont't get fooled with the wicking performance, they are just regular sox. ..", "I needed some more socks because I have been short on Nikes lately, and I wanted some that were just like the ones I have at home. Turned out they were and they fit perfectly.", "Nice socks for wearing around the house: especially as we have a lot of tile floors and my feet get cold.They wear nicely and are comfortable.", "My sons loves these, he wears them while out on the baseball fields, where the red dirt gets on them but they are washable where you can't see the dirt, unlike white one's.", "Run very small. Not happy any all with this purchase. I have since purchased the under armour socks and am happier.", "This is a good sock. It's a normal nike sock and you can expect the same as any other nike sock you have bought.", "These Nike Men's quarter crew socks are great. I will order more when I need more socks. Shipping was right on time all so.", "these socks appear to be good quality. they were ordered for a xmas gift for my son. i wont know how they fit until he wears them.", "Socks are way thinner than most older Nike socks I had purchased.  Would not purchase these socks again.  Not worth the money.", "Hello,Got these to replace my old few pairs that I wore all the way through (same ones) in the last year or so.These socks last a while.Thicker then usual ones, but not too thick.I have these and the same with longer top for winter.Very comfortable.Quite durable, but will ware through if you walk barefoot on pavement etc.I use them as my office socks.My feet are drier then any other sock I've tried yet.Cheers.", "The socks are comfortable and fit my foot fine. I'm a 10.5 for walking shoes, 11 for running.I just wish they had a variety of colors for the swooshes. I wish there was a version with dark grey or black swooshes to make it more discrete.", "I purchased these as a Christmas present for my son - because he asked specifically for Nike ankle socks.But, I have to say they are ridiculously expensive for a set of 6 socks.  Are these socks better, more durable, more attractive, or other sock related criteria than any other socks that I could buy from Wal-Mart for half the price - NO...  Other than the Nike swoosh...they are just socks!If this wasn't purchased as a present - I'd pass just because of the price.", "These quarter socks were right on: they fit well, looked good, and they came in the size advertised on their packaging. Comfortable all day, I have no complaints at all with the quality and construction, they are what I have come to expect from Nike.", "I am a size 15 shoe so these socks fit exactly as I wanted them to.  They fit as a low cut because of my larger foot size.", "These Nike socks are a great value for the price. I used them for working out, and although they don't keep moisture out as much as I'd like, I really don't have any complaints. They fit comfortable, come up far enough on the ankle to protect any rubbing from my shoes while I run without being too high as to be too warm or uncomfortable, and look cool with the Nike logo at the top matching my Nike running shoes. Need I say I'm a fan of Nike?Other socks of this caliber that I looked at cost 1 1/2 - 2 times as much. These work great and are a great value; especially for six pairs.", "I ALREADY KNEW THAT THESE SHOES RUN 2 SIZES TOO SMALL.  I AM A SIZE 11 AND ORDERED THE SIZE 13.  FITS PERFECT.  THE SELLER DELIVERED THESE SHOES IN TWO DAYS AND I AM THRILLED WITH BOTH THE SELLER AND THE SHOES.  ***DEFINITELY ORDER 2 SIZES LARGER THAN YOU NORMALLY ARE***", "Shoes are smaller that what the size says and very narrow. They  say they are 8.5 but fit like a 7.", "This bag really isn't for say anyone over the age of 7.  I was disappointed because I purchased it for my 15 year son who plays alot of basketball.  He knows his \"gear\" and this wouldn't have impressed him.  I didn't even show it to him; just returned it to Amazon.  I expected better quality from the \"Jordan\" brand.  At $33, it was an outrageous purchase.  Look for a different bag, Amazon offers several.", "I found the fit of this shirt to be acceptable. However, the quality is not what I am used to from Nike products which I purchased in the US.", "Me gustar&iacute;a que le agregaran un bolsillo interior. Muy pr&aacute;ctico y bonito, el logo se ve muy bien y tiene un buen tama&ntilde;o.", "Convenient, easy and elegant. Already bought two pairs, one on a summer apartment, a second -at home, in Russia. I was surprised that when my size 11.5D, which is identical for all footwear manufacturers, including Reebok & Skechers, these shoes come only 12D, and then close.", "I have a wide foot and had to order a men's 9 to fit my women's 8.3W foot. They run small. But in the perfect size, which mine are, they feel great. Light weight, roomy, and very comfortable. Love the color combination. It's more understated than some of the neon colors. Love these shoes. May buy another pair. THANK YOU!!!", "These were on a family members gift wish list.  Great Product as always!Recipient was very pleased and will remain loyal to Nike.", "These shoes feel wonderful.They were a  Great fit.  Can wear them all day without even feeling them. Like wearing slippers", "I got into the Gym about six months ago... I wasn't sure I was going to get into it or not, so did not invest much into gear.  I bought Walm*rt sneaks just to get by.  Wow, they hurt - I hated the treadmill, or any cardio, and even lifting, I hated anything were I had to stand up.  I decided it must be the shoes.  I still didn't want to spend $200 on sneaks, I think that is crazy - so I saw these in the store, tried on a bunch, and liked these alot.  Now, understand one thing - as the other reviewer stated - not much cushion for a name brand.  Not much arch support either.  BUT... take out the in-souls they come with, get the $25 Dr Scholls from your favorite discount store (make sure to get the 'sport' ones, not the super cheap ones), and... Viola - you just got a shoe as good as the $200 ones for under $100.  The shoe is very well built, great soul and traction, lateral support is stellar, the weight is great, and the BREATH.  Just need new in-souls.  You WILL be happy.", "bought these at a local sporting goods store ( for $20 bucks cheaper i might add )thought they might be good for spinning and overall inside shoes for the gym.unfortunately the sole design does not make for comfortable \"out of the saddle\" bike work outs and there is no cushion in the heels so even on the treadmill my knees were talking to me all the next day.they are very well ventilated and that's about the only plus i can see.", "I bought these for my son that likes to wear shorts all the time winter and summer !  They have a nice weight to them and they are long enough to somewhat keep him warm during the cold weather, I have washed them several times now and they stand washings very well.", "Shittest company ever the shoes fell apart like 4 days later after getting them. The seller sucks they will not help you at all. Seriously do not waste your money. Contacted the company several times they only responsed twice and now will not talk to me. They are not real nikes nikes dont fall apart after maybe 30 hrs of wearing them. I am going to report them to U.S. Customs and if amazon does not help me ill never buy again from them they are half responsible since they agreed to let this joke of a company sell on there website.  Please help amazon fix this issue.", "I have a black pair of these (at least I THINK the '06 version) that I've been wearing about a year and a half that I love. They were so comfortable I decided to also get a pair in white (this exact shoe). They seem more snug than the last pair, but they are also pretty comfortable.Recently after watching an &#34;Honest Movie Trailer&#34; I realized this may be the shoe worn by Forrest Gump in his cross-country trek. Not sure if that means it's a great shoe that holds up for miles and miles or I have a limited mental capacity.But anyway. Good shoes, Nike. That's all I got to say about that.", "buen modelo y excelente rendimiento inclusive para un ni&ntilde;o de 10 a&ntilde;os que es el uso que se le esta dando", "Very nice pants. The pants were exactly as described on the website. My son really likes the pants. Very compfortable.", "These Nike pants have the stitching (NIKE) in light blue thread and it is usually in black or white thread. I tried to return them and Amazon sent them back and said they cannot be returned through them although they were bought through  Amazon.", "These are stylish, look well made, and function well. They're delicate enough that you'll want to keep them in the case and otherwise handle with care when in use.On that delicate issue, I made the mistake of putting these in a jacket pocket without the case, and when I got home, I realized they had basically fallen apart. The glasses use special plastic rivets to hold the lenses to the nose piece. I took the glasses to an optical shop and they had the tool to fix the glasses. Took all of a minute and cost me $3, but I was elated that they could be repaired. Just another reason to keep them in their case when you're not using them.", "Very lightweight frame and it will fit a wide face if that's what you need.  And a very good price.", "My 13 yr old son was very excited to open these shoes on his birthday.  The kids at school told him they were &#34;fresh&#34;.  Apparently that's quite good.  They are comfortable, fit true-to-size, and seem to be wearing well so far.", "This shoes look awesome! But you need to be advised that these are skate shoes... They're THICK and heavy with a HUGE tongue. My biggest complaint is that they rub the top of my big toe when I'm walking. And did I mention how heavy they are?", "Not sure what else to write but my boyfriend loves the shoes. It was exactly like the one we saw at WSS and about $10 cheaper. The shoe was described perfectly. Very well made.", "This is a really great product and the only reason i didn't give 5 stars is because you cant adjust the size to the head. If you child have a head Big for his age, try a biger size", "I purchased this hat for my 4 year old son.  The color is bright and the hat is well made.  It fits his head perfectly!  I am very pleased with product.", "It didn't fit my 3 yr old and it is not adjustable.", "Fits my 2 1/2 year old with room to spare plus he looks absolutely adorable in it &#128536; it's his new favorite go-to hat", "it looks so so so so  cute on my boy ... eventhouhg it is a bit bigger than his size but still he feels ok with it ...", "My son is very fair skinned, so we needed a versatile hat to keep him out of the summer sun. This hat is perfect! It's very comfortable, and provides just enough shade for his face. Plus, it's absolutely darling! I love the pop of color with the neon swosh, and they gray goes with everything. Great purchase!", "I love hats on my son, when I saw this hat on Amazon I knew it'd be a great buy. In gave it four stars because I thought it was a little pricey for what you get and it not be an Amazon Prime product. But looks great on my son, good colors and seems sturdy good buy.", "it is what i wanted  and it fit real well and i am  and i love it i do tell pople about the product", "Those shoes fits exactly like I want, I love my new nike shoes ans I have no doubt you will love it too.", "Faster deliver, good price, fits perfectly... It looks exactly as I was expecting it...definitly a good choice...thank you", "the delivery was on time . in my opinion it is not worth that price , un comfortable  and ugly it looks way better in the picture", "Great hat and was just a little big so he can ware it for awhile.", "Love this hat, looks really cute on. Wears well and fits perfect to the head.  Try washing it a time or two if you have fitting issues.", "They broke in very well for her and fit just right.  Finding the leather shoes for less helps, they just wear better.", "First off i would like to say that this is the cutest pair of cleats i have ever owned. I Loved the colors especially because i have an obsession w. purple but the thing is the sizes run a little small so when i first put my foot in it it was really tight on my feet, but i thought it was because i had just bought it but not necessarily the case, I've had it for a few weeks now and i practice in them but they still feel tight especially with my soccer socks and shin guards and ankle protector. So just a small suggestion before you buy this don't buy your actual size by a half size bigger or something like that. But with all that said i still really like the cleats.", "These shoes work great for my nearly-daily 3-mile walks on virtually every terrain, but they have great support for regular walking or long days of standing.  I have worn earlier versions to all-day amusement park marathons.  I have a short heel and these are great!", "I usually wear a 10, however while exercising I've noticed that my toes seemed to jam at the tip of my shoe.  Ordered this sneaker in a 10.5 and love the extra room.  Love the color combo.  Would order same shoe in a different color.", "I like Nike shoes and these fit well and are comfortable.  They are true to size and I would recommend them.", "This shoe looks great, but for me it's too small and narrow. I wear a true size 10 and usually can order running shoes online with no problems...until now.", "I started running regularly and wanted shoes which fit like my skin. These are very comfortable and keep my feet dry.These are not very expensive either. I love them!!", "They fit just right and relieves my back and thigh's aches & pains, very glad to find them. they look good too.", "Perfect shoe to wear all day. Nice and light. Fits perfectly. I took a chance in buying over the internet, but was very surprised at how well they fit.", "did not fulfill my expectations. turned out very small and not like me or the material it is made or internal protection. the give away without using them. I disappoint me", "they are small but can break them in or wear without socks. I would still recommend because they are a good product", "perfect, good looking, pure black...just my style!!! great running partner...confortable as a glove!!! flexibility is perfect for me!! i reecomend it!", "Very comfortable.  Very Good price. I would reccomend to anyone.  Also, I got quite a lot of compliments on them.", "These are my first Nike shoes.  The size is off by 1/2, something my friends told me after I bought the shoes.  They said all Nikes are on the small side.  The shoestrings were so short I couldn't tie them without a lot of dificulty so I had to unlace them from the top holes.  Really?  They save money by putting shorter shoe strings in their shoes?", "it is very good product. i recommended to buy it. it is relay as describe . i am very happy to buy it.", "compra inmediata y el producto en excelente estadoLos zapatos se ven mejor que en la foto. ^_^  ok good", "I have two pair of Retaliates that are beginning to show too much wear, so I was very glad to see a replacement model become available. The fit and comfort are very much like the original. They feel broken in after an hour or so of wear. I'm very happy with this purchase and expect to get as much or more enjoyment out of them as I did the originals.", "I love these sandals - I could no longer wear the cheap plastic ones as they hurt my feet - these work great", "comfort and quality were just as I expected fronm nike. I love these shoes and would recommend to any one", "Nice color, different, and a very good fit....These go with a variety of outfits and are comfortable with or without socks.  How can you fail with Nike.", "Size wasn't the issue. These shoes don't have the support inside to protect your feet. It felt like hard plastic covering my feet.", "I'm 26, and still playing a lot of ball. perfect for something light weight that supports the ankle! Highly recommend for any competitive recreational players out there", "Thanks soo much! I REceive my item and everything is ok. When I will visit miami again I will buy other product by amazonRegards.", "It is a good one  if I could have enough money I will study more English and come back and typing", "I simply love these shoes. Everything about them, how they fit, how they feel and how they look! Im completely in love. They also arrive much faster than expected. Highly recommend these.", "These started to come apart the 2nd day I wore them. The bottom of the shoe is coming away from the rest of it. They're comfortable otherwise, and came on time.", "I bought these for a friend and while she did not know that the shoes were coming, she liked the shoes that I got her. The only reason I only gave it three stars and not five, is because the shoe colors depicted in the picture are different than the ones that actually came on the shoe......the Nike Swoosh and the interior of the shoe are yellow...? This is not a problem for me because she didn't expect the shoes.....but If I was going to buy shoes for myself.....and I liked the colors, I would expect to receive the shoes that I saw and liked that made me order the shoes in the first place. So I probably won't be ordering shoes online for myself.....unless it is at Footlocker or another known shoes store....just my personal preference now that this has occurred. Thank you for your time.", "An excellent shoe it fits as expected, light wight and very comfortable on foot.", "My mother has this exact shirt in black and since she likes it so much I thought I would get her the white one as a gift.I got the exact same size but this one was slightly larger (no idea why), though not overly so.Other than that, she seems to like it very much.", "They met all my needs and expectations!could not find these shirts in the stores.  Could not believe I found them.", "I had purchased these before to layer under a golf shirt for a uniform. I loved it so I bought more. Many more. They are a great moisture wicking fabric. They fit very well. They feel like a second skin. I'm a big fan.", "This is a cheaply made sock. I'd say they are no better than the average sock purchased in a discount, big-box store. There is NO additional cushion. As socks go, they're average, but the description and price implies a quality, better than average item, which this is not. At a cheaper price (maybe $6.00) they'd be fine if you don't care too much about your sock quality.", "they are very comfortable and they fit well. Thank you to Nike, Amazon, and of course the one and only god himself", "Good comfortable socks decent price an very great quality", "the socks arrived as stated when ordered; they were a gift and the receiver of gift appeared to be satisfied", "Just as described! Product fits comfortably, and they are a reasonable price. I would recommend this product to all others!", "~These are the best socks I have ever purchased and they are now the only socks my son will wear,I even &#34;borrow&#34; a pair when it is cold outside because of the length of the sock.I am shorter and smaller in the calf area than him and they fit me just below the knee.They stay up with no needing to keep pulling on them throughout the day.Plus they do keep my legs warm.He loves them and I am a big fan too.I will never purchase another brand of sock for him ever again~", "I know when you look for socks you are looking for price and quality. These socks rock for the price and the quality is even better", "Hard to find XL socks in the store so ordered on line and they fit great and so far the quality is good.", "My girlfriend loved the fit of these socks and the style. Durability is good for the price, and everyone loves wearing anything with a nike logo, right? ;)", "THE QUALITY IS NOT THE BEST AT ALL, THE WHITE ONE HAS A HOLE IN IT ALREADY AND I JUST WORE IT ONCE. FOR A NIKE PRODUCT I WAS DISAPPOINTED. ONE SIZE FIT ALL IS NOT A TRUE STATEMENT, THEY ALSO KEEP SLIDING OFF MY HEELS. I WEAR A SIZE 10.", "This fits great. I got a small and it is not to tight and not to big. Nike is my favorite brand and I will buy them in different colors when I get the money.", "i only waited a few days before my package arrived and I love these shorts! They fit perfectly and I would recommend them.", "These are fantastic and true to size. they are short, so don't be shy. They keep you cool during a HARD work out, Get a pair if you can! If they had more colors available, I would be buying them all!", "The shirt might work for some people. By the description, I thought it was a vented compression shirt and it is not. It was not even close to being a compression shirt and I had to return it. I did so, and talked with a sales rep who had essentially no clue about their products at all and what I should order to replace it. Also the package came with a coupon for a percent off a future order, however when I went to use it, every item that I asked about the coupon was no good. Not sure what the point of including it was if it couldn't be used and I spent a lot of time on the phone with them trying to find something that it could be used for.", "They were not black they were blue! For the price they shouldn't of ripped already !!!!!! Not happy  at all", "These arrived quickly and exactly as described. I love these compression shorts and now find it difficult to work out without them.", "I wear these when I work out, run or do jiu jitsu. They are exactly what I was looking for!", "IT LOOKS GREAT......EVEN FEELS GOOD, BUT IT IS SO FLIMSY. I GOT IT FOR USING IT AS A CYCLING SHORT......I HOPE IT WILL LAST SOME MONTHS.......", "Good product, as expected from Nike.  So light you hardly feel it but its great on hot days.  Not as noticeably tight as UA compression wear.  Nice styling and no-feel seams.  If I could change anything, I'd make them an inch longer.  Nike's 9&#34; shorts appear to be an inch shorter than UA's 9&#34; compression shorts.  Other than that, the only deciding factors when shopping is price, availability, and color if that matters.", "I've tried other brands but none have the support and long term lasting power after many trips through the washer and dryer.", "this thing didnt last.. the waistband disintegrated within days. made in mexico ?! come on mannn. i got better luck with jockey brand !", "as the heading says.... SUPER COMFORT definitely the most comfortable I have worn.  Replaced all of my Name brand Boxer briefs", "Like the length...but fit slightly smaller than the shorter ones.  They seem to work good but just a tighter fit.", "Is not the most comfortable short ever, and is somehow smaller than expected, but it does its works well and prevents chaffing nicely.", "These shorts fit very well and give excellent support.I have several pairs and definitely recommend them for the serious athlete.", "Can't expect more from them ... Great for my weightlifting sessions !!! They help the bar to spin over my quads easily!", "Bought these for my grandson.....PERFECT........the fit was just right...he loves them under his basketball uniform.  Soft material and really likes the fit.", "I wear these for soccer and they are the perfect fit and length. Definitely recommend these. They are very comfortable, too.", "Im 6'2 235&#8230;.these are a little small on me. For anyone my size i would recommend an XL for sure.", "If you are a large buy an extra large.. They are way to tight. I found them to be very uncomfortable. I like the nike pro's better then the pro combat.", "Just what I expected. I have wanted to purchase this item for a while but was hesitant about purchasing on line. It met my expectations", "Didnt like that much. It wasnt what i expected from a nike product,disapointed. It wasnt what a nike product should look like.", "I HAVE FOUR OTHER PAIRS OF NIKE COMBATS. THIS WAS A DIFFERENT ITEM  THAN I PREVIOUSLY PURCHASED.IT HAS A THINNER WAIST BAND THAN THE PREVIOUS MODELS, AND CONSEQUENTLY IT ROLLS UP AND WILL NOT STAY IN PLACE,  FLAT.EVEN WHEN I PUT ON PANTS AND PLACE THE WAIST BANDS TOGETHER, ONE OVER THE OTHER, IT ROLLS UP.POOR DESIGN AND SACRIFCE OF QUALITY FOR A BRAND LIKE NIKE.", "Although I do love Nike brand for its obvious appeal and style...even considering some of the less desirable outsourcing traits the company has I still continue to buy their products because I like them. I do have to say I am disappointed with the overall fit and quality of this product though. I order medium whenever I get compression shorts... I have 4 Under Armour ones and this Nike one. I have 0 complaints about the UA products however I received the Nike last so I had worn all my UA ones prior for  about 3 weeks of strenuous daily exercise prior to wearing the Nike's. The fit is definitely not a medium more like a smeedium and it hugs too tight IN like pushing in the crotch and just on the cuff near the knee's which completely sucks when your moving all around and sweating. Also the material while intended to be &#34;lightweight&#34; just seems cheap, they are basically see through even the black pair and the tightness coupled with the material popped a string from the seam with minimal stretching while removing them post workout.I am not an idiot I am not rough with my clothing especially not 40$ underwear and I am in pretty good shape too so its not like I ripped it on accident or purpose they just arent that great of quality.The product itself in the next size up would probably be pretty good, however due to the straight up cheap seeming material this product gets 3 stars, and is definitely not worth the extra 10$ over an Under Armour product. No I am not a marketer I have plenty more Nike apparel than UA anyways...I will be buying 1 or two more pairs of this in red/black and green/black in the larger size so if you have the money to spend and your an athlete I still recommend this product just be gentle and make sure to get a size up. However, I will say the material IS borderline offensive and if it gets any &#34;cheaper&#34; I will not be buying Nike for awhile.", "This is a great addition to my workout wear. Will add a splash of color under my work out shorts.", "This was exactly what I was looking for. If you want good compression shorts, these are the ones. Good buy, worth the money.", "Much thinner fabric, seem shorter and cheaper quality compared to earlier versions of these...for some reason they seem to have lessened the quality.", "These are really great flip flops they were for my grand daughter.  But I don't know what I did wrong but I got the wrong size. So Ihad to return them.  These are a size 2 and she needs a size 11 1/2 or 12.  They are soft and comfortable.  I called and got a return authorization, no problem, I printed out a return label and returned them.  These flip flops are fabulous I wish they had them in adult sizes this color.  I think anyone that gets a pair of these will be super impressed with them.", "Nike always does a good job with sizing. Fits as expected, shoe looks great and it's very light! My son loves it and say's that it's very comfortable compared to his other soccer shoes. Definitely sticking to Nike with soccer shoes!. Thanks.", "The perfect hoodie. It fit great and kept me cozy and warm at the game.  I recommend it for all", "Just what I ordered! These were cheaper than anything I found around. They are exactly what I wanted and they are comfy.", "recommend these shoes, nice style, good match with clothes, fits well. I am glad I bought them. comfortable fit. love the color.", "Great product. Very well made and sturdy. Fit very well too. Would recommend this to any sports fan. Great price too.", "the product was in perfect condition, the features are correct, everything is perfect, it is a seller 100% safe and reliable ... I hope to do business with you again, thank you very much.", "The product arrived promptly and was as described in the ad. The sweatshirt material is warm and the colors are perfect for Giants fans!", "For a slim tall 15 yr old where adult s or xs is still too loose. Concern was the length of arm length but the arm length fit of this shirt is good.", "I ordered it because I wanted a Nike thermal shirt for my 11-year-old son.  Maybe it's supposed to be so tight, but it was too small & he won't wear it.", "i love this one. It is the best I have ever had. this is a true customer service. Keep up your honesty. I and my family love the Tracksuit.", "It is really nice and good but was small at first. There should be more colors at the top though! Black looks hot for summer but it is really good for running and after a while is a good fit.", "I got these for my 10 yr olds birthday.,  He loved them the minute he saw them and has been wearing them ever since.  They are still in very good condition.", "My son was very pleased with how the spats fit and wore them all of October.  They fit as expected and where built well", "My son love them I got the for the month of October for breast cancer. We look foward to getting another pair for my youngest son next year.", "Ordered and recieved very fast with nice packaging. Great socks fit well and color is true. Thanks for the product!!", "Now,this item is great for ones feet.When i say this,i am talking about comfortable fit,style,outstanding for sports in wearing shorts.my nephew is enjoying this item,the pack came in all the colors of the school he attends,and boy is he showing this item off.He is requesting another pack and he is going to get it,but i don't like the fact that he is sharing them with his younger siblings who arecarless,although the socks remain clean and not bleached up like the other socks they have.Could it be that the sock are name brand and that nike is the ____! Teenagers,go figure.", "love them, they feel great when I put them on... specially good since they are made in USA and not china!", "I have these socks in both the longer and shorter styles. These have become my favorite socks due to the sizing options and being designed for individual (R & L) feet. Buy a pair and try them today!", "I really like these socks.  I like the fact that they have different colors (I especially like the blue), I like the fact that the feet are labelled on them, and the fit is good.  The fit is somewhat tight, but I just don't try to pull them all the way up my leg, just let them be kind of loose pulled up half way or so.  They are quite comfortable worn that way.", "VERY SATISFIED! These socks are very very durable! I use them every week when I go to the gym. And, they haven't faded much despite using and washing them every week for over a year. I highly recommend these socks.", "I like the texture and the look but these socks are alot longer that they look in the picture. Maybe its because im short but these socks go all the way up to my knees. I was expecting them to be shorter", "Although I would like a little more cushioning the real test will be how long they wear. Gold Toe only last about a year. Iron Man socks seem to last forever. I did think it was funny how they are labeled L and R so you can be sure to advertise the Nike swish.", "Purchased for football player.  They fit well, stay up and wash well.  Color has stayed true after multiple washings.  Definitely would recommend these for a boy who plays sports.", "Too tight, not what I expected. Size was right, there was no cushioning on bottom of sock. They felt like post surgery socks.", "Fit very good. Smooth in toe are - great for diabetic. Love the L & R on each sock for left and right. They really are constructed differently for each foot.", "Awesome cushioned socks specifically designed for each foot - clearly marked with an L and R.  Worth the money. Makes you want to toss all your old socks!", "I urchased this product specifically because I was trying to buy gifts that were made in USA. when i got this it had a price tag of $16 ( i paid 22) and the label says Made in Pakistan... LAME, also possibly illegal?", "Thin but not too thin, just right. I use it with my Nike sneakers as well as my boot. I like that it is different color and it has a L and a R label, so it's easier to pair them back up after I wash them.", "How many times do I need to review a product.  I previously reviewed this product about a week or so ago.", "Too small for my husband but work great for my son!  So next time I'd buy the XL for my husband.  :)", "I ask to send them to my hotel as did with the other orders but this one didn't received.I think the product should be fine, but the service just not.I'm use this site to buy b ecause it has certifications and warranty but this time fails, and made me think to not buy again.Also I did't received a credit back or nothing.", "I ordered these because they said \"made in USA\".  They were not.  In fact there was a sticker on the packaging stating the country of origin, as if they changed, Pakistan or Vietnam or somewhere.OK socks but NOT us made.", "Nike goes to extremes with their socks, to make them appear well designed and full of quality, but I find them extremely uncomfortable.  If you have the slightest worry about wearing socks that are too tight, then you'll want to stay far away from these and stick with Gold Toe, Adidas or some other good brand.  The sock openings are so small you can barely get them on, and after you do, they act as a compression sock around your foot and ankles (note that I don't simply mean that they're articulated, but that they actually tightly squeeze you.)The L/R foot designations seems neat, but I'm not sure that there's actually any difference, or that it would be worth it if there was.  It mostly serves to add another step in putting them on, if you actually put them on the right foot, which I doubt most people even bother doing.My only reason for giving these 2 stars is because Nike does seem to put forth some effort in designing them, but I find that Gold Toe makes far better socks.  If all you want is a sock with a Nike swoosh, then these are for you.  But, if you actually want a good sock that's comfortable, then I'd stick with Gold Toe, Adidas or some other brand, because these are definitely not comfortable.", "Bought these for my boyfriend for Christmas and he absolutely loves them... He goes jogging and wears those since they have extra cushioning in certain places... He just loves them,and me for buying them...!", "I ordered and have enjoyed the wear of these socks.  They are so very comfortable and soothing to the feet.", "Another great looking, fitting product by Nike.My son loves this pack of colors (matches his school colors) and wears them constantly!No fading or bleeding of colors that I noticed in the first few washes as usually happens with red and black.Will buy again (actually- did buy more already!)", "This was a gift for my Mom who is a senior and wanted red sox. Great product, very cushy and great color!", "I got these to work out in and they are a lot thicker than I had thought they would be so I usually just wear them around the house. I wear a size 11 shoe and these socks and a little bit bigger than I like but I still wear them. Good product.", "Says right on the label &#34;made in Pakistan&#34;. Change your description Amazon- a big reason I purchased these was that I thought they were made in USA.", "the item was an open one used without the shoes fillingsthe box came without a lead the shoe lasses were opensomebody already try the shoes and walk with itthe half box came torn in a thank you shopping bagand after all the shoes are too smalli am going to return it for full refund", "thees are some of the crispyiest shoes i have ever put on and i know my shoes thees are 100% real and plus ive never seen anyone else with them on thees are my favorite shoes out of all 8 pair", "fits perfect and looks good", "Clean clean clean clean clean clean clean clean did I mention clean cleanest of clean king of clean yep yep", "My husband hates to buy his own socks, but this time he regretted me buying them!  Shoddy quality and way too small for his size 12 feet!  Perhaps if I had ordered up to the next size the choice would have been more satisfactory, but I doubt it.  I would not recommend these socks to anyone.", "These are very generic socks and are by no means a dry fit or sports sock.  They are fairly low quality but do at least have an elastic gripping feel to the fabric.  They are medium thickness which makes them alright for athletics but a little hot otherwise for warmer weather.", "I am very happy with these socks. The fit the foot snugly and being thicker (just what I was looking for) than standard dress socks so are very comfortable. They are not super thick like hiking socks so won't stretch your shoes. Been through the wash about a dozen times and have stood up well. Good quality, in my opinion. I will be buying more.", "I love this product, so did my son.  It is soft on the inside so that makes it even better for him.", "I've learned my lesson.  I will not be buying cleats online again.  I've been using nike cleats of the TD family since 2006 or 2007, starting with the white hi-top Speed TDs (2 pairs) and ending with my last pair of 7v7 TDs.  I've always been a size 12 for nike cleats (I also have worn nike tiempos).  I have never had blisters or any toe issues, only a little soreness in the soles during the break0in.  My last pair of 7v7s was getting somewhat worn when I bought these, and I was still using these when they arrived.  I do not think my feet grew larger, but these feel at least a size too small.  I've lost both my big toenails since wearing these, which I've never had happen.  I like my cleats tight, but with these my feet start to tingle and go numb pretty quickly.  Pain when accelerating is pretty sharp and distracting.  I would definitely recommend buying from a store when you can try on the pair you're going to buy.  I went to the store before buying these and tried a pair that seemed to fit fine, but these were much tighter.  I don't know if they shrunk or were mis-labelled.  The label inside says US 12.  These are my favorite style of cleat, the pattern is great, the height is perfect, they are usually comfortable and not too heavy, but this pair was terrible.", "I didn't buy these at amazon but I know reviews help me out so I am hoping this helps you make a decision. I bought these at a mall store for 65.00. The only difference of the pair I bought is the color. I normally wear an 8.5M. I tried on several sizes and ended up buying a 10. I brought them home and compared them to other types of athletic shoes I have purchased and found them to be approximately 1 to 1 1/4 inches longer then my other shoes. Therefore I would say they run pretty small. I purchased the gray mesh with ocean blue and magenta. They look cheaper then the Nikes I have purchased in the past. I have also purchased NB and Reebok and it appears they really are sizing them differently. They are very light-weight and feel very comfortable on my foot. So far I have not noticed any spot that they strike uncomfortably on. They are perfect for a normal width foot. The inside label states they are made in Indonesia. I would really love to buy a shoe made in America but it seems that's not going to be the case anymore. I would recommend them but keep in mind the sizing difference. I hope this helps.", "Great pair of shoes!!! Exactly what I wanted and they feel comfortable for hours!", "regular quality, does not seem original... I am medium in Nike, but this is very small (I doubt that it is original) Order a bigger size", "the greatest cycler that ever competed in the sport. The item came on time, a little tighter than what i thought but i love them , very good service from the vendor! thank you.", "They ripped the second time he put them on. He is a runner and wears this type of short  all the time.", "Good packaging. Tight fit but such a good feel when jogging. Use it under normal short joggers.  High quality and light. Will by more of these as its livestrong but by Nike.", "I bought the Nike CTR360 Enganche III FG-R Junior soccer cleats about two years ago.  Ever since then I've been a much better soccer player!  In my last soccer cleats ( The Muitre brand ) I could not even kick the ball!  Let me explain.  The Nike cleats have-- Good grip at the bottom- Point at the toe- They are thin- Good laces that stay tightAnd so much more!Another good quality they have is that they last a long time.  I've already had mine for two years and they still look as good as new!  I know the price seems high. But even though they are expensive, they are worth it!  They last a long time!Overall I think the Nike CTR360 Enganche III FG-R Junior soccer cleats are the best cleats of all!", "Great dress, but too short for me to wear as a dress. Would be perfect as a beach cover up.", "These shoes are great.  I love the comfort from the air max pockets.  The shoe itself breathes nicely.  It is a great fit and hoding up nicely.", "Nike free is a lightweight shoe that has made it's appearance in recent years and feels like you are wearing a sole, arch support and not much else.  They are now coming in many colors and not easy to find in stores so I've turned on line to find the the best choice.  Happy hunting.", "not original", "Good choice", "SUPER AWESOME LOOKS, SEEMS DURABLE,I USE THOSE EVERY SUNDAY AND NO COMPLAINS. THE GREEN ITS FOSFORECENT  I THINK JAJAJA OK", "Good shoe for indoor soccer. Fit is narrow so if you have a wide foot, probably not the shoe for you. But it does stretch side to side (across the foot) after a week or so of wearing", "my son is complete happy with this shoes...and his friend want to buy.are comfortable and nice too see .", "great shoe but runs a bit slim.  wore it around the house for a few days to widen it up before playing.  great feel on the ball...", "The color is much more of a vibrant orange than as shown in the photo. But these shoes are fantastic. I did not even need to &#34;break them in.&#34; Wore them the first time out and fit perfectly. I own many Nike shoes and I fit into my usual size. They also have fairly good traction for indoor turf.", "Excellent product. The shoes looks exactly as the description, and color is powerful. The shoes are very comfortable, pretty good item", "Most terrible purchase I have ever made in my life! I hate the fact that I ever even spent the money on it.!", "These shoes are a bit small about 1/2 - 1 size.  But without socks they fit just about right.  The do take some getting used to without socks, but I would recommend these.  Very stylish look.", "I love my solarSofts. They are super light! I would advise getting 1 size up. They conform to my feet. #noSocks", "Not really a typical Nike shoe. The fit is weird and the sole isn't comfortable. I might need to get a smaller size but I still don't think it will fit like I want it to. The sole is ribbed and not a soft cushioned sole.", "Extremely light, very comfortable. And how can you beat those colors? Solarsoft sole is the best available for sandals, my opinion.Nike does it again, this time covered-toe sandal style...", "I love the shoes and the brand Nike Air i will like to bay again soon no complaints beri nice", "super cute. Bought three of these for my girls for soccer season. They have used them for every practice and game. Light weight and plenty of room for shin guards, cleats, ball , water and sweatshirt and more!", "The shoe's memory foam sock liner makes this a very comfortable shoe. The tongue of the shoe is attached so I don't have problems with the tongue slipping to the side uncomfortably. So far I like it for running, but if you need a shoe to help lessen the impact then you need more cushion than the sock liner provides. If you are a casual runner or just need a good tennis shoe for light work-outs this one is great!", "Love the fit.  Memory foam and tongue less style requires no socks and is so comfortable.  These are all around great trainers and I wear them for anything and everything.  Was happy to find in my size and they fit exactly like first pair.", "Very good product. Soft, comfy and bright. As Good as I expected :) very happy customer. I already use them to run and were more comfortable than my old nikes too :-)", "Fits me great, I love Nike and all their products. all the other ladies in Zumba class asked me where I got them.  I said to go to Amazon online, they have everything.", "Fit perfectly", "Great pair of shoes no complaints I love the shoes they do just what I need. Use for workout. Okay!", "When I first put them on they were so comfortable.  I went on a walk about 5 minutes later and the right shoe was hurting my foot a little but I was speed walking and I figured they just had to be broken in.  I was right!  Couldn't be happier.  Buying nothing but Nikes from now on.  O and I wear a size 9 but had to get them in a 9.5.", "Size runs small. had to remove the padded sole, now they fit comfortably. Would suggest ordering a half size larger for comfort.", "This shoe endures for a very long time. Easy to clean as we'll.", "I was looking for the grey color, but when my son saw the blue version, he didn't think twice..It was a great buy, this sneaker is very comfortable and has a great quality! I always liked Nike shoes and this one didn't disappointed us!! Very happy!", "Just love them. I recommend it. And Nike does it again, super comfortable and slick kicks.Perfect fit, and stylish too", "Perfect shoe and finally a shoe that fits me being in Hawaii there really isn't much of a choice or variety of size 14 shoes especially slip on to run into this product was pure luck due to it constantly being out of stock when it came to my size and i can say the wait was well worth it", "He had seen these shoes a while back and sent me the link as part of his Christmas want list. He's 30 and he loves them!", "I bought these for my 6 week cruise around the world. They were dressy enough to wear with a jacket to dinner, light and comfortable enough to do some major touring while in port and also comfortable enough to use when I went to the gym. They were perfect", "great shoes i've only worn them a couple of times because im wanting to take care of these pairs and since the weather has been crap lately i havent gotten to actually enjoy them but the next week is suppose to be really nice so i will be wearing them.", "This is a genuine Nike shoe and is great quality.  I buy this style for my husband every year, and this year he said these are slightly different, its a little bit cooler because it has the mesh part in the middle.", "This is great shoe design looks great.  However the comfort of the sole is aweful.  Nike can do way better with sole comfort, and they missed the mark by a train length on this one.", "i bought an extra pair the day they came.  i loved them so much.  never wore a shoe so comfortable and also ones that look as badass as these do.  great looking and the ladies always compliment them.", "Shirt fitted well, looked better than I thought, and it felt great. Nike knows what they're doing. If I could; I would get it in all colors.", "BOTH NIKE TRACK PANTS WERE NOT TRUE TO SIZE,BLK/FUCHSIA AND NAVY/ORANGE WERE CUT LOW RISE,SLIGHTLY SLIM LEGGED AND  ALSO THEY RAN SHORT IN LENGTH. I HAVE MANY NIKE BRAND CLOTHING AND HAVE ALWAYS WORN A SZ. M,THESE WERE NOT A TRUE NIKE MEDIUM THAT I'M ACCUSTOMED TO. I ENDED UP GIVING THEM TO A FRIEND WHO IS SMALLER THAN I, INSTEAD OF GOING TO THE TROUBLE OF SENDING THEM BACK TO THE SELLER. I WILL NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER AGAIN.", "The product was a medium, but fit more like a small.  The pants were nice quality, but had to give them away to a friend because returning them cost almost as much as the purchase price.", "I had Tailwind 12 come with a max speed tint lenses, but it gets too dark if i run in shades.Max Vis is best for trailrunning IMO, it enhanced the contrast of the view, and will not gets too dark in the shades.Although Max Speed is better under strong sunlights, but it is not very practical to swap lenses or sunglasses when running, but I will still use it on road races.", "I ordered the medium size. What I received was labeked \"M\", but was, instead, Large. I returned the item at my expense and was reimbursed for the price and for only one shipping, not for  the return shipping. Ah, well. As the ancient Romans would say, \"Caveat emptor\".", "These are very stylish. I like that the shoestrings are purple. Looks very nice with my jeans. Again I love them", "i like them, overall, but i hate my feet. my feet are so small. they kinda look like hooves. s***.", "I didn't like these.  There was no arch support and the shoe felt flimsy and poorly made.  Sorry, had to send these ones back.", "I really liked the design of the shoes and colors. I bought them for work where I stand for 8 hours. They hurt my feet so bad and they are very hot! If your not wearing them for long and its not real hot out then they aren't bad.", "Was told they fit well and person is happy with them. Would like to have a pair myself sometime. thanks", "comfortable and light more than I expected and very light and very good for summer especially. try it this product. you will not disappointed.", "I bought this sneakers for my 5 year old son, seeing that he never has time to tie his shoe laces, and he loves them doesn't even want to take them off. I definitely recommend these shoes for your very active son.", "Maybe this is why I have to buy socks again... maybe I'm too rough on them. I like the design and they are comfortable but they seem to be showing signs of wear after 2 months.", "What can you say about socks?  They are comfortable, and appear to be good quality.  A nice summer pair of socks.", "Good snug fit, not too thin as they have some cushion to them.  I am a little picky with socks, these seem well made and haven't stretched easily.  Cushion and breath", "It is hard to find perfect man's socks in the store. Usually its 100% from synthetic materials. This socks have perfect blend with cotton and good for running and daily wear.", "My son said they fit great and are good for keeping your feet dry in hot weather.", "This Nike is poor quality and cheaply made. Cheap, thin and flimsy innersole. No arch support. It gaps towards the heel because they were too cheap to put 10 lace holes instead of 8.  You should see how the sole is stitched to the shoe.  It's the worst I've ever seen and I know a little something about shoes.  This shoe is made in Indonesia, and that explains it but I expect much better from Nike and especially at the prices they charge.Don't waste your money on this one...", "Nice  soccer shoes and good quality , my dotter love it, fix normally respect at the size we order . And looks very cool", "Fits great , my daughter is happy with her new indoor court soccer shoes!!! Great indoor soccer shoes and fit perfect.", "This feels actiolly very good and it doesent only look good is feels good as well just a great iteam", "Materials are good. Just for the socer game or the casual day every day. Soft for walk, no problem with size selected.", "daughter is very happy with these shoe say they are very comfortable and would buy more in the near future", "These are bright, bright, orange(which is a good thing). My daughter loves them.  I previously ordered the orange Puma turf shoes, but they fit really small, so I ordered these instead.  My 11-year old loves the colour and says they feel great on.", "The jacket was the right size an color but it has 3 big holes in the shoulder side, I am going to return it back to the seller.", "I purchased this hoodie, for my Granddaughter.  The color pink, which I ordered, is true to the picture.  It is soft, well made and my Granddaughter loves it.  It has not been washed yet, so I do not know for sure, but from the quality of the material, I would say it will hold up well.  On the color changing, I do not know.", "Great productChanged my podium standing from a consistent third to firsts and secondsI consider that great valueThank you", "They are light and comfortable and they improved my start times. I am now a cheetah with bright blue feet.", "I like it. The color is good it fits well. I also like the softness of the material. It is very comfortable to use.", "My son-in-law, an avid golfer, loves these shirts, and wore it the day after he received it...his good luck shirts.", "This was a shirt for an anniversary gift for my husband. It fits him perfectly and he loves his new shirt!", "Good fit rightNice quality.  Exactly what I was looking to buy for a bad golfer to look like a pro with a weekend with friends on av $126 course.", "Polo is wonderful.  I have bought several of these for my husband and they wash and wear very well.  These are the only polo's he will wear anymore.", "The feel of the material and the fit was not as good as I was expecting considering the price paid for it.", "I give this shirt 5 stars for a few reasons.  One being the absolutely beautiful blue color.  It is gorgeous and I think even more striking in person than pictured.  The fit is smack dab perfect.  It washes up beautifully and comes out of the dryer without wrinkles.  My husband loves that the fabric is light, breathes and therefore keeps him cool on the golf course.  Very nice indeed!  Highly recommended!", "Same fit as the dark blue one I ordered,  fits great, nice details, washes easily. No wrinkles, even if hang dried.", "Consistent Fit, Excellent Quality, Good Price, delivered timely.  Will buy again, in a different color of course.  Be confident in this purchase.", "Washes well..fits perfect, true to size no extra room. Great fabric for travelling. No ironing needed great color and bi ld white trim.", "The shirt is comfortable and fits as expected however the only complaint I have is that it is very sheer and shows the nipples. One will have to wear an undershirt with it which defeats the purpose of it keeping you cool. It's cheaper than all of the other colors so no even exchange.", "The shirt is very nice, light-weight well constructed and the seams give it the right amount of style and if your guy has nice abs it will be great. My hubby has a little tummy which raises the shirt :-)  Iif you have a lil tummy consider an XLT so it doesn't look short.", "I actually gave this away already because it fits a little snug. (But, at the time I was also a little bit stocky).This is for someone who is already fit and wants to show off some muscles.  Not good for hiding flab or a beer belly.That being said, the shirt is of a high quality make and workmanship.  If you were to purchase this shirt, you will be fine with the quality.", "The shirts fits very well and the material is very comfortable. Good to wear even on a hot humid day.", "Maybe this is Nike's way of telling me to lose a few pounds? Product quality is excellent, but the shirt is a little smaller than I had anticipated, enough so that I have to consciously 'suck in the gut' while walking around. Probably my mistake for not checking the sizing information carefully enough.", "I have purchased Nike clothing for many years and this is no different in quality and fit with the other products.  The best part is that my wife likes ease of care along with the fact that she said that you do have to look good on the golf course.", "these 2 little cool jordans are just as we were expecting, what u see is exactly what you get, thankx", "Very well made.  Soft and substantial.  Not a cheap looking or feeling pair of booties.  Hope to find these in many more colors.", "I love these socks. My little boy is 19 months and his cowboy boots were rubbing the inside of his calves, and it was hard to find little boys socks that go over the calf. They fit great and the quality is exellent.", "these socks are great, fit snug and are very comfortable  very soft cotton, however, wish more than 3 came in a pack.  I am always washing socks, and I bought 2 packs, but still need more.", "We have used Nike products for years but I have to say the quality of these socks is so lacking. Within one wear they are beaded up and look dingy. I have tried washing in different products and still the same. Not a product we will purchase again.", "Socks are good quality. My daughter says they are comfortable. Likes the much more than the adidas ones I also purchased.", "well constructed, light weight and easy to carry", "Nice..good price, well made umbrella.  Great for my golf bag. Looked at a lot of other umbrella before I picked this one.", "For the price you aren't going to find an umbrella this good.  The operating mechanism won't pinch your fingers like the umbrella that you presently own.  This doesn't have the fancy gust flaps on the sides, but my umbrella has been through a couple of significant thunderstorms and was more than fine.", "This umbrella replaced the earlier version of this same umbrella I bought 10 years ago when the handle unfortunately wore out.", "Love this use for soccer nice and big the color pink is just what like and wanted the size is perfect happy I got this.", "I was looking for a bright yellow umbrella and finally found it!  The sun will shine no matter how many raindrops are falling with this umbrella!", "it  is tough  against  the  wind.  big  enough  to  cover  myself  and  another  person.  love  it!  glad I  made  this  choice.", "Big umbrella, big enough for two people. Bright blue color makes it stand out, which can fit someone's style or make you stand out by drivers in a dark rainy day. Handle is from molded plastic and rubber so it won't peel like some painted on rubber handles. Comes with a sheath to make it more sleek for easier storage. The tip is made from plastic and flat so it can't apply hard, precise pressure on a floor or on a person. The umbrella's release mechanism has a button, which allows for a smoother opening of the umbrella. The umbrella has a small &#34;cup&#34; to hold all the spikes of the umbrella so the umbrella can't be opened accidentally. The spikes are made of metal so they are stronger than plastic spikes.", "Can't miss me on the golf course!!!  Matches many of my outfits as well.  Very impressively wind resistant. Bought both for the brand and it's functionality.", "I have the bought these in the past. They work great and look great on the golf course. I will buy again when more colors are available.", "This is one of the few 100% cotton jackets that are well made and heavy.", "I love love love my jacket. It fits me exactly how I like it to and it is so comfortable. Im so happy I found this jacket.", "These were a little small for size 13 but otherwise good quality, prompt delivery. No complaints.  Would order up a size if on the larger spectrum.", "I like this product as where it is light and is perfect to when I play sports, loves the design etc.", "All I have to say is be patient with this shoe. I thought I made a mistake after I bought this shoe after my first use. After a few walks and runs, it started to feel very comfortable.", "Poor quality shoe, definitely not suited for running.  Runs a little small and tight around the toes.  Really only suited for light casual wear with shorts when going to the Mall.  Sole is very cheap plastic feeling.  Mesh or light cloth top, that is thin.  Overall a waste of my money.  Off-white color too that is not that pretty.  More of a dirty white.  Not as pretty as the online picture.  Would not buy again.  Probably wind up donating them to St Vincents.  AVOID these.  Go for Nike Copious model if you like to run.", "This shoe could use a little more cushion, if you are used to those with AIR. Overall nice color combination.", "I have to admit there are some minor flaws on the shoe but they are sooooo comfortable and they are super light I would probably buy these again! Plus they look good too", "They actually turned out to be a lighter color than the one in the picture.  I really needed the shoes so I kept them anyway.  They are very light and comfortable, NOT good for walking/running on rocks.  Stick to the pavement with these puppies.", "I've always worn 8.5 us shoes size to play soccer and this is the first time that size is toooo small for my feet. Thats why I'm giving 3 stars though this shoes looks amazing.  ahhh and it seems to be fragile and poor quality too. these shoes are NOT resistance at all and easily could be broken... I've expected something better.I'd rather keep wearing adidas...", "My son is a ref for soccer.  He needed black cleats & we always purchase Nike.  These were a good value for the price.", "Okay.  Not sure why I have to keep writing, but if that's what it takes for Amazon to listen. I will.", "Just what she wanted.  Easy to break in.  Comfortable and fits great.  Roomy enough to accommodate her inserts and still feel comfortable.  Did run a tad small (ordered a half- size up).", "Hat arrived turn to be exactly what I hoped for which is light. I've been running only for 2 years and one struggle is finding a hat to shade from sun. This hat fits exactly the way a running hat should be, very LIGHT. It also looks great for casual wear.", "bad deal, expensive not like the pic small way too small for the size ordered, not happy with the purchase ..", "Loved it. Spacious without looking huge and light weight. Just what I was looking for. I was hoping that it would not have mesh straps (couldn't see very clear in the picture). It does, but they are not too rough, so I'm hoping they would not rub the bare shoulders in the summer. Otherwise, great product", "great bday gift for my soccer loving son", "I use this little pack for cycling instead of soccer, and I love it. It's just the right size, which means less wind drag, and it's got a tube shape that allows it to hold more than you might think. The additional compartment on the back allows for extra convenience and holding space.", "I ordered these for my husband, a big runninig shoe fanatic. Now, all his friends and nephews are quite jealous. They are a hit! Good quality and very good price! No one in our area has this style!", "Great quality and look, they get complimented a lot. They just take some time to get adjusted to cause fit a little tight on the upper part of your feet. Ideal for cold weather. Good buy.", "I am a huge Nike sneaker fan. It pains me to say these sneakers are only average. First of all they run a little narrow. Next up the re-enforcement around the toes is pretty stiff. I thought I just needed to break them in. so i wore them and worked out in them and ended up with aching feet. The only good thing is that i recently threw out my old sneakers that i use for doing my yardwork. So now I used these when i mow the lawn and work around the yard. When life gives you lemons, make some lemonade.", "My husband loves them, he has in the past bought the black & grey and black & red ones and I finally found the black & white", "My son hates to shop with me!! Granted he is 23 and claims I have been embarrassing him in malls for 20 years. He particularly hates sneaker shopping and has been purchasing the same style and brand for 5 years. He puts a lot of miles on his sneakers,  I assume avoiding all the women who are chasing him. Coincidentally this style also runs loose. Black is the perfect color for business casual during the day and for the hip coffee shop near his apartment, which he avoids because of the pricey coffee. He is practical, frugal, hates to shop and single!This review should teach him to go shopping with his mother!!!", "Shoes were one size too small.  I obtained the shipper's return instructions by phone and followed them and I'm awaiting their refilling the order with the next size larger", "My Daughter loves these socks, she wears them all the time.  Purchased for golf, but she wears them everywhere.  Great deal too!", "Great quality socks, but a bit pricey.  My Grandson was very excited to get these. Would buy these socks again.", "These socks were a great gift for my nephew. Arrived quickly even at Christmas time and in perfect condition. I was thrilled that I got the package before the expected delivery date.", "No stars for this one! Deceptive Marketing by this company due to the fact the socks have three colors.They don't show you a picture of the backside of the sock because the color is HOT PINK, who is is going to buy a sock like this!Buyer beware of A plus.", "There is no color or size description for this sock.  The pic looks like a gray and red.  I have never seen this color before by Nike so I would really like to know from the seller:  What are the colors and size for this sock in writing??Thank youNo response after weeks of this post...looks like they get a low star rating then....respond to my question above and Ill move it up!", "It says large clearly on the sock and I have these colors worn by many people in my area. Ok", "My grandson picked them out both for the color and the style.  He thinks they look very sharp with the design running up the back.", "I like the way it fits and it holds up in the wash. Seeing wear i am; it stands the laundry test", "i loved. is not only to be a nike product but the quality is very good, I like and recommend.", "I purchased this shoe for my nephew's birthday and he just loves them.  He loved the bright colors and said they were so light and comfortable.  It has been a few weeks now, and he still tells me how much he likes the shoe.", "great shoes, They have been worn daily for months and are still going strong.", "From the pic I expected the shoes to be high tops but was not disappointed. They look great and they feel even better. I'm even considering a second pair!", "Great, fast shipping...Perfect condition...My son loved them (he seems to think they make him play better basketball)...Would buy another pair in a heart beat.", "My son loves these shoes for basketball, says it makes him jump higher. They are very light weight. A good buy", "Bought these for my 11 year old daughter. She loves them!! Practically wears them every day despite having other shoes and sneakers.", "These are the most comfortable shoes ever. They are so light, easy to put on, so my daughter is wearing them all the day since she got them.", "I ordered these shoes on Saturday afternoon and they got her Thursday at noon....now that is speedy to me when I didn't pay for express shipping.Anywho my two year old got some of these shoes last summer and she absolutely loved them but her foot grows like wild fire so she out grew them pretty fast and we couldn't find them anywhere and had to order them online...she is so happy now. She put them on straight out of the box as soon as I opened it and she even took a nap with them on.Toddler happy = Mama happy!!", "I ordered a size 9.5 and recieved a size 7. I called and was told the right size would be sent out. I just received it and it's ANOTHER SIZE 7. Really? Not happy right now.", "I got these for my birthday. Did not purchase from Amazon. It is a very comfortable shoe. But after only 2months the thin fabric on the upper shoe got a hole. So I got another pair. After a short time same problem. Sent my shoes to nike who decided that it was an outside abrasion that caused the shoe to wear out.so they did not honor there warranty. I fixed the holes my self. Still an incredibly comfortable shoe. But will be trying the sketchers sketch air very soon.", "XL is a little smaller than expected. I was debating between L and XL and glad I went with XL.", "These shoes are perfect. I just went for a run and they felt amazing, most comfortable running shoes I have ever worn.  Definitely worth buying. And on top of that they look amazing.", "These are the most comfortable sneakers. Light weight and perfect fit. Great quality and delivery was right on time. I now own 3 pairs of this style. Love the colors!", "Tennis equipment is expensive. These shoes were a better bargain on Amazon than elsewhere. They are day glo orange and look like they should glow in the dark. But overall a good value.", "True to size, comfortable, lightweight, and the colors are bright. These kicks are just like the one's KOBE BRYANT wears. My boyfriend likes them a lot. Satisfied with purchase and recommended product/seller! =)", "I bought these for my son and he loves them. They fit perfectly and are comfortable.", "My son loves these shoes he is on his second pair.  First pair we bought at Kohls in Las Vegas, Nev, we live in Minnesota, he hasbeen looking for another pair for awhile because he loves how they look, so thank you for still having them.", "aaa+", "agrables shoes very comfortable with great colors and design for jogging and happy with the purchase has very good style", "I'm a size 13 & thats what I wear all my shoes are 13 however these are a bit tight I'm trying to break them in but I must say its painful.", "this was the first pair of shoes i've ever ordered online. i was relieved when they arrived, on time i might add, and they fit perfectly.", "I'm have an old pair of this same style and that's why I bought these and I love them as well I haven't worn them much yet because I live in Syracuse and I don't want to ruin them but they are awesome.", "I had an old pair of 6.0 mogan mid 2s that were brown suade which sadly they don't make anymore. I use these shoes for downhill (mtb) races and for dirt jumping/bmx and they work great on pedals.after you break the, I'm they fit like a glove and are extremely comftortable. The best part is that they're crazy strong, too.", "Fit as expected - just as other size 10.5 sneakers.  Well-made.  This is my son's second pair.  He bought the first in a store and was happy to find these on-line.", "Received this shoe right before I went off on a big trip with lots of walking and standing around.  The shoe was very comfortable right out of the box and my girlfriend really liked the look.  It fared very well through miles and miles of walking and kept my feet feeling great!", "This thing is awesome. Wear it to coach in. Wear it to workout/run in. Not meant to be a heavy keep you warm hoodie. It is what it is. Light weight easy to move in feels great. As soon as mine came in I immediately ordered 3 more in different colors.", "I was a little disappointed with this purchase only because I assumed it was going to be a &#34;heavier&#34; type of sweatshirt.  I wasn't expecting it to be so light weight, but the material is comfortable, loose fitting, and sizes seem to run appropriately.", "I bought this for my basketball playing nephew. He likes it and wears it to practice over his shorts and t-shirt. It is thin so be doesn't get overheated after practice. But should not be worn alone in the winter.", "It is too thin, I hate the pullover hoodie. It fits like a shirt. It is not made for winter.", "It is a workout/postworkout hoodie very thin and I love it, best post workout hoodie I have ever owned period.", "I thought this top would be thicker. It's really thin. It's alright, I guess. Thanks. Beeboop. Doodlt doo doo ding", "Baught this product thinking it looked like the picture. Not even close!!! its like a really thin long sleeve shirt with a hoodie! unless you want to be cold and just want to look like your wearing some type of a sweater don't buy!", "GREAT BUY! If you are looking to stay warm do not buy but great for working out and keeping you dry.", "This is a wonderful high quality shirt.  It did run much bigger than we expected though.  It is also a thin nylon type of material not a thick sweatshirt.", "It was a gift for my 16 year old grandson and after he opened he did not take it off. He said, &#34;It is my best gift ever&#34;.", "this has a nice feel, but Large size is very large and loose. Having a hood is niece for changing weather.", "Bought these for my boyfriend, he loved them like he loves all his Nike shoes. They are clean, simple and the blue is a really pretty blue :)", "My son loves these. Great shoes. They came promptly, however the packaging could have been better, and more secure.  The box came damaged, and almost open.", "Extremely narrow fit. Fit is much smaller than normal sizes. Nice looking shoes. Very good value. My son is happy with them.", "Fits tight and the material feels like its plastic/fake.  Not a good quality.  Also the ankle support is very poor.", "I ordered this sneaker for my son who usually wears a size 6 but while the length was fine, the width was too narrow and the velcro tabs would not fasten.  A cute sneaker but much too narrow.", "The shirt arrived on time and in it's original packaging. It is a quality shirt that is stylish and comfortable.", "Fits as expected and well put together. Breathes well and has enough stretch to be comfortable on the golf course.", "This design is great for semi formal t-shirt, casual wear or for playing sports. It has style and comfort ... with advanced material.", "Quality material cool comfort. This shirt is as comfortable as they come. I would definitely recommend this shirt to anyone.", "Excellent wicking polo. Length is good, color great and has a sharp look.  Very cool to wear in the heat.", "They just don't fit by lenght and weidthColor is different as shown, they are orange instead of red.Didnt know that I have to pay for the return as well", "I have never seen a sole like the one on this shoe.  It is hard to describe, but the sole is so narrow that it is almost like a ballet sole.  There is virtually NO support.  No Arch support, No ankle support.  I wanted it for dancing but I would not take the risk of injuring my ankle.  The shipping to and fro is the rotten icing on a bad cake.", "best shorts for golf or just going around town.they have a slight stretch to them to be worn comfortable. perfect length", "Awesome! Extremely comfortable. Bought as a Xmas gift for my son and he Loves them.... They are soooo comfortable I wear them when he is not looking", "These sandals are excellent they provide relative stability (for a sandal) and are not squishy at all but rather are firm with just enough give to be comfortable The plastic material on the foot bed is not that bad.  It breaks in over time so I would give it a week or 2 before making final assessments.  Great sandal feels like it will hold up well for an entire summer.", "These are good socks, but run a bit small for someone wearing a size 9 shoe.  They do the job with moisture wicking.", "Love these socks are great.  They fit very snug and hold their shape after many washes.  Also, they keep your feet dry and cool.  The moisture wicking really work.  I would recommend these to everyone.", "I really like these socks. Just ordered another pack for my sister, because she loved them as well. Nice cut, not to long. They are pretty warm too. Great purchase.", "They are Nike socks. What else can I add? Fit well, perform well, look great, a little expensive. The usual", "It is very comfortable and I like the style and the color combines with any short i will buy  nex time", "The socks were they only sport socks I would buy until some one at Nike decided to put an elastic rib around the arch, just past the toe. The great thing about this new feature is that the sock will creep off of the foot and wad up into the toe of the shoe.", "will make a good gift. Doesnt close completely perfectly but not enough for the recipient to notice so it didn't matter", "Received this case with my prescription Nike sunglasses. I put them away after a long weekend just following when I picked them up. When I retrieved them, I found that case had lost all tension. The springs somehow came loose. The plastic ridges holding one of the springs broke and there way no way to fix it. Will be looking for another case.", "My husband loves his Nike prescription sunglasses. But the case is worthless. The problem is Nike has built the sunglasses so they will ONLY fit into this case. My husband has only had his glasses for a year, but this is the 3rd case I've ordered. He needs to be able to keep his glasses nice, so I keep ordering the cases. I just wish Nike would make a more durable case that doesn't crumble apart at the seams.", "These socks are exactly what I was expecting. The fit is about perfect for me - my shoe size is 10 /12 - 11, depending on the shoe.", "I thought these socks were at least 90% cotton they are 80%  the ones I returned to Target were 91% cotton.they are comfortable and not too thick stay up well and wash well.Just Not What I WantedThis is what I dislike about online shopping", "My husband had some of these when we got married but he tends to be cheap and did not want to spend so much on socks ;-) I do not tell him the price of my clothes.  So  I buy them for him from time to time and they make him happy.  I thank god he is so easy.", "Carhartt crew socks are much better, however, you get less pairs for almost the same price. I priced these at JC Penny before I bought them and they wanted $17.00. So I give these socks a full 5 stars.", "Socks were thinner than expected and not enough cushion on the bottom.  Have worn other brands that offer better quality at less cost", "I always stick with Nike socks now, because they are simply the best quality. I've tried saving money by switching to other brands a few times in the past, but I always end up disappointed and coming back to Nike.", "They fit as if they were customed made. They are also very comfortable and have this very good feel of durability.", "I bought these sock for my twin boys.  They are avid tennis players and these seem to work well for them.", "Been wearing these socks for a week and they are very nice. They are soft and thick. For the price you cant go wrong. I had some Hanes socks before and these are better.", "I was looking for socks that I could separate in the laundry.  These filled the bill perfectly.  They came as described and on time.  Good socks.", "its Nike` .of course its good product. but a little to much money. after i got this order, i did see it in the stores, the price was much better", "These are the worst crew socks I've ever owned.  They may be long-lasting (per another reviewer) but they are sized smaller than ANY other crew sock I've worn - I wear a size 9 shoe and these are a real struggle to get on they're so small (I ordered a set of white and a set of black, so they aren't mis-sized - both are very small).  In addition, they have numerous loops of thread and/or elastic on the inside, which tend to catch on my toes, meaning I often have to make 3-4 tries to get the sock on (made even worse by their VERY tight fit).  Finally, the material is thinner than most other crew socks I've encountered.  I cannot recommend these socks to anyone.", "A lil tight I'm a 11.5 in shoe size but the sweat wicking works fine . Will try this in black", "Medium weight, medium durability athletic sock, fits above the ankle on my size 10 foot.  Overall very pleased and feel that this is a good deal for what you get.", "These socks are a great value. After working 8 hours straight on my feet, they keep my feet comfortable. Great Job Nike!", "These are my sons favorite socks.  White with a swoosh is the style.  I do wish the bottoms of the feet were grey or colored because they get stained too quickly.", "Not as comfortable and cushy as the Nike socks bought at our local Sears store. How many different styles does Nike produce? These are on the low grade side.", "A very nice product.", "These socks are great, they are different from the dry fit, more crew like appear less structured. Very good value. I made a mistake previously reviewing this order.  Delivered as expected", "The socks fit great and the amount of socks for the price was an amazing deal. Might even my more!", "Knock-offs - these are not nike socks. Nothing about these is from Nike. Disappointed in amazon for advertising them as such.", "Okay I've gone through a TON of Nike socks being a high school athlete. From normal performance Nike socks to Nike Elites socks to Nike Equalizers and so on. These ARE NOT the Nike Moisture Wicking socks. These are merely the CHEAP NORMAL Nike performance socks which you get get around 10-15 dollars at your local sports retailer. Please be careful with your purchase. It isn't that the socks are bad, it is just that they ones they are advertising are NOT the great thick and cushioned moisture wicking socks that I, myself, do carry and have.", "I wouldn't buy these again unless it was summer. The socks are thin and after a few washings, aren't holding up very well.", "The Nike crew socks are great quality as well as comfortable and your feet don't sweat as bad. Get some today", "these are very comfortable and well fitting socks. I highly recommend these socks to everyone that is very active.Excellent product at a reasonable price", "These are Nike socks, so of course they are good quality. I read other reviews saying these socks are small and hard to put on- but try to realize these are DRI FIT socks. Imagine putting an under-armour shirt on your feet. Thats how they will fit. The reason for 4 stars is the nike swoosh sign is not black, almost a dark grey and after the socks are on your feet, you have to fight to get them off- especially if you are an athlete and sweat in them.", "they are comfortableAnd the price is acceptableI like the color , they look goodI will buy they again", "So far, these are holding up, albeit its only been a couple of months.  They are better than the Hanes I normally get at Target, but am not sure they are worth the extra price&#8230;remains to be seen.", "They seem to be better than the big box retailer multi pack crew socks that I normally buy. Nice tight fit around the instep.", "OK, I just read my title for the review and it made me laugh just a little.  Sorry, no improper connotation meant by that title!!I purchased these socks for my son at the same time I purchased New Balance for my husband.  These socks have held up well.  They have not shrunk or lost the elasticity around the top.  They do not have holes in them yet. (That is a small miracle with my son wearing them) The New Balance have not held up nearly as well.  The one complaint that I do have about the Nike socks is that they sole does not have much cushion left at this point.  It has not worn through to holes, but just is very thin.", "My son has a really big foot size 13 and it is hard to find a good fitting sock. These were perfect. Great quality and good price.", "Nice socks, they look, feel and fit great. i used them for sport and casual wear. They have been holding up well.", "They were awfully thin.  Not thick and &#34;Moisture-Wicking&#34; as described.  For being a big brand name they didn't come up to por.", "I purchased the white socks, and when they arrived I felt like something was not right with the socks. They didn't feel like the current Nike socks I own in quality and fit. Sure enough after one wash they were coming apart at the stitching at the top and never felt like dry fit material. I sent them back.  In my guesstimation they are knock offs, and not authentic Nikes.", "I am very happy with the cost and the quantity! You can't find them any cheaper but still a good quality for the price!", "My teen boy who are 10.5 size shoe don't like ankle high socks.  Hard to find higher ones unless knee high for sports.These are perfect, both my dons were so happy, thought I gave them cash,Ha! Great price as well..buy away,the wash perfectly too!", "They're socks. Really not much more to say. That said, they fit well, seem like they will hold up, and are simple.", "The only reason I gave it 2 stars was because I anticipate my return going through.  Very surprised at the poor feeling of these out of the bag.  Very tight (and I have small feet/skinny legs) and very rough.  Out of the bag?! Went into big 5 and bought a 6-pack of Wilson All Sports.  Super happy.  $14.99.", "These socks are not he ones that are thick and last forever.  These are thin and probably throw aways after one wash.  I will be using them in my shop as rags.  They got me on this sucky purchase.", "The quality is not as good as i expected, although i didnt try them yet. its good for the price", "Socks fit well and are comfortable.  Only question is whether  the elastic will withstand multiple washing before elasticity is lost.", "Had these for a while now and they are holding up well after several washings as regular go to the gym socks. They are holding their color and performance. What's not to like?", "elastic encircling arch of foot is tight and tends to draw toe and heel to center of foot.  had to remove shoes and pull toes back out.  padding is nice.", "Bought these for my stepson and he loves them! very comfortable and a nice thickness, not thin and flimsy! Was up nice too!", "I like em....there are good and comfy....they are good for style too..they look too simple on the picture but in real they are good", "Got a pair of these shoes for my granddaughter. They look good with any outfit and they are very stylish. Easy to keep clean also.", "Brought these for my daughter for PE.  She loves them and so do I. VERY sturdy shoe!  Thank you very much!", "Love these new shoes, they are very comfortable and also really nice looking. Size is pretty accurate. I would recommend this good product.", "Thanks they're perfect!  Great fit, comfortable and my son really likes them.  Would order them again in the future. Thanks", "I was initially checking out the old school chuck taylors but I figured hey nikes would be more comfortable and its all about the comfort man and they look awwwwwww sum.  I highly recommend these kicks to only my close friends but I love everyone in the world bro oooooooow.", "This shoe looks very nice and I would buy it .... It you listed the size.Who would buy a shoe if they don't know what size they ordered?!", "nice shoes  nice feeling  perfect stylereally nice color  and quanlity  i wanna another one in the futurethx any way", "Bought this hat for the outdoor poll. It stays on in the water and dries fast. The color is wicked cool.", "I bought these for my 14 year old grandson. They are the perfect colors for his high school Basketball team. He loves the colors, fit, and they are comfortable. I got tired of going from one store to another, and discovered Amazon. I'll shop again.", "Grandson's only wear these kind of socks. Made well and the fit is excellent . Colors are exactly as stated.", "delivered promptly met all expectations.  my grandson was thrilled.  he really thinks he can play basketball better with these socks", "They look great and fit very well.  My fashion-consious, athletic son wears them often.  I would definitely buy them again.", "I like the shoes but they run small. I have to really loosen up the ties to wear them for a longer duration without killling my feet. The style is appealing and the inside is supportive.", "Great shoe. Lots of compliments. Comfortable but would be perfect if they accommodated my wide, duck-like feet. A better choice for the narrow of foot.", "Two weeks and already falling apart. Total waste of time and money. For the price expected better quality than this substandard material", "These flip flops are true to size and so very comfortable! I get tons of compliments on the color and I just love them. You won't be disappointed.", "I like the shoes they came on time. They feet as expected. My son likes the shoe so I do as well!", "My lil guy is so picky and every shoes he tries hurts. These however were perfect and they are true to his size. Thanks again.", "Perfect for my very active 5 year old nephew.  Fits comfortably and is wearing quite well as is expected of a Nike product.  No regrets!!", "These shoes look and feel great! They fit true to size. The shoes are great for long boarding and all around skateboarding. I hioghly recommend these shoes for comfort, style and performance!!!!", "I have been a fan of the Nike Blazer SB for sometime. I was sad to see that this was just the Blazer by nike. The upper ankle area feels a little cheap to me almost as if it was recycled material. My Blazer SB's feel more stable and comfortable around the upper ankle area compared to these.", "The colors on this Nike just pop and they have the same great quality and comfort I have come to expect in Nike. I've received many compliments on my hip kicks.", "Love the colors and they are extremely comfortable! Perfect for running. I'm very satisfied with my purchase. And the price!", "These are good shoes and the price isn't awful.  I got my pair for under $55.  I just wear mine for walking to/from school & around campus & they're good for that.", "Good fit, true to size!  My son loves these and wears them everywhere!They came to the house in a timely manner.  I will order from them again!", "these socks are awesome! the color lasts, and they are great fit. i will totally recommend these sock, along with other elite socks.", "Definitely bnew and right size! Love it! Can't believe i'm wearing a kid's shoe. I am female and 30y/o but have men's size us 7 so size GS 7Y is just about right! Bang for the buck.", "the kids love this one, the kids always want weaR THIS BRAND, maybe when CR7 change of brand, the kid will do the same", "So many toddler shoes have stiff unbending soles.  I think kid's feet should flex as intended.  These Nike Free shoes are substantial, but are soft and flexible too.  Plus, they are very cute, and easy to get on.  Our boy loves them.", "I like it that it has a feminine cut and a good fabric. Cleans really easily and also dries very fast. All and all, if you need an extra workout shirt, please know that I as a user love it and hopefully it will be a good match for you also. It does run a bit big, but in time everything shrinks (except our bodies--lol", "I ordered this shirt for my daughter to run a relay marathon in and it is exactly what she wanted.  Very comfortable.", "Very good backpack size is ok and design is good recommended for all whether you're travellingor going to school or work", "I still wear underwear - I'm just that way- cotton all the way!They are great- I can't tell I have them one and they are comfy.  I have full motion and they wick moisture well", "I love these shorts. I've ran in them several times and at long distances.  No chafe going on at all. Love it!  I only gave them 4 stars instead of 5 as the pockets look a little bunched up when I run in them.", "Awesome shirt, got it for a gift for my dad! He loves these Nike golf shirts, incredible fit and quality! Also seller was very prompt to answer a question of mine! Very nice!", "I'm happy with this shoes... but you have to be sure about your size in this kind of shoes... because the size is somewhat small that the real size.", "I got these shoes for playing intramural flag football.  They fit pretty snug compared to the casual Nike shoes I own in the same size.  When I tied them tight though it felt like they slid around on my foot a bit when I made hard cuts.  The shoes still worked well for what I purchased them for, they were a huge improvement over tennis shoes.  If you are getting them for soccer though it is worth noting that the toe of the shoe is pretty soft, only the heel and bottom of the shoe are rigid.", "The are an exact fit with football socks, it suits the football field usage and not too snug during actual play", "These are great looking but they are on the small side. Order one size up. They are too tight around the ankle, leaves mark baby's skin.", "These were cute and stylish. My son got great wear out of them. Plus the grips on the bottom were a plus when he was just walking thru the house. Great Buy!", "My new favourite shoes I am on about my 15th pair and I can't think of a bad one in the entire lot. This latest pair is stylish and just what I wanted!", "These are cute, light and comfortable shoes.  However I bought them for Zumba and they didn't work for me.  I have to be careful with my Achilles tendons and these shoes made them sore.  I will wear them for walking though.  They are very light and supportive.", "They are to big but I had already thrown packing away so I have no choice but to keep them.  I were10 in running shoes so, I thought they would be fine but they are to big.", "Nice, comfortable flip flops at a great price. No hassles. Easy transaction as always. Highly recommend. Can't go wrong with Nike.", "however it is somewhat large ,i love the nike bruin , i saw them for the first time back in 1984 here in venezuela and i felt in love ,them i saw them at back to the future movie and i knew it were going to be a classic ( super clasico) white and red perfect match color for them ,but we were poor so my parents  could not afford them , now i am 43 years old and had the opportunity to buy it and don't hesitate im glad to receive them after all this trouble here ,it was like a movie as we used to say here in venezuela ( fue la pelicula para comprarlas pero lo logre)  , however i think i can not use it, because i purchased them wrong (10.5), and i am 9 or 9.5  ,  why i posted them 5 star? because they did an excellent job ,i hope they bring more of this nike bruin to buy the right size 9 or 9.5, thanks SneakerRx ...i recommended SneakeRx to all costumers at amazon community", "THESE SHOES WERE PERFECT FOR A BIRTHDAY PRESENT! PERFECT FOR A GUY TO WEAR TO THE BEACH ON A HOT DAY", "My husband and son love these shoes. They are stylish and easy to put on. The size fit well and is adjustable for those with narrow feet.", "This is probably the most comfortable Nike I have bought.  I bought them for the color and they are exactly like shown in the picture.  Fit exactly.", "The color is really nice. A little narrow. My toes were crying the first few times I worn them. Hopefully breaking them in will be more forgiving to my feet.", "Super lightweight with a traditional Nike fit (I find Nikes to be on the narrow side with a rounder toe), fun colors. I have always used running shoes for classes at the gym, but never again. The traction on these is great on slick studio floors and the support is there for sudden movement in all directions.  These are so light and comfy that I forget I have shoes on.", "This shoe is perfect for training. It gives me enough stability to do short, fast jaunts at the gym but not quite enough for running. The color is perfect! I love the bright blue color with pink details", "This shoe is stylish, fits perfectly and is very comfortable. I'm on my feet all day long, these shoes are suited for my active job.", "These are the lightest workout shoe that I have ever used and really improves my stamina during workouts. Highly recommended.", "Fits nice. But the color was a little different that what I expected", "I love them!!! The color is awesome! Even came with an extra pair of laces (hot pink!). Doesn't have much arch support, so if you have a higher arch you will need to get inserts. WIN!", "The fun level of this shoe is high.  The blue is a little brighter than the picture.  I'm not a super active person, but I try to get some walking in every day.  It only took a day or two to break in.  I had to replace the insole because it was too thin.  I'm used t this since I have high arches, but it actually surprised me how little foam thy put on the inside.  If you are going to use these shoes for even a little activity or wear them for long periods of time switch out the inside foam.", "My 19 Year old grandson loves this shirt.  I Have bought him this shirt in other colors.  Great choice of colors.", "I ordered this for my husband.  We have bought two similar Nike Dri-Fit V-Neck T-Shirts at a popular sporting goods chain for $55 each.  I wish I had looked at Amazon first.  He much prefers this one to the ones we bought.  If he hadn't already worn the first two we would have returned them and ordered more of these.  We received them on time and they were properly packaged.", "This product doesn t bright crimson. This shirt is pepper color. I dont like this shirt. The color this shirt in amazon site no is the same of the shirt", "I took this on a week long hike, and wore it while itwas raining out. I stayed warm and somewhat dry while most of  the day there were constant drops of water hitting my shoulders and back. I wore it during some of cooler dry nights and it was never damp or smelled funky(it dries really quick). didnt keep me too warm either. it is a liiiiiiiiiiitlle bit itchy if its your base layer but not super noticable. the thumbhole feel really comfortable and keep cold air from getting in the sleeves. I highly recommend  this shirt if yiu can get a good deal on it. i happened to come across it new on ebay for $28 bucks. it usually retails for $50-$80. and you can get a good full merino wool blend for that much, which i would rather do.only con and reason i give it 4 stars is because of the price, but what do you expect from nike.", "I chose this item because I like the Nike brand. but I only gave it 3 stars because it doesn't have any zippers on the pockets and when I was running, my cell phone fell out.", "I love the shirt. Are you going to sale more of this product in the future. And do you have any different colors", "Fits great. love the way it feel, the only problem I had was color black is actually a wash black which is a no no for me.", "Ok I just need to say this&#8230; if this is from FCB, I am Lionel Messi. Come on! This is unbelievable, seriously.", "I bought these shoes for the wife and when she recieved them, she loved them. She wears a 7 in Boys and that is what I ordered for her, but she said they were a bit tight and that she will have to break them in. Other than that, the delivery was fast and had no problems.", "This t-shirt is cute but it was way too tight for me. I have another tee that looks like the same line that fits ok. I had to return this. Seller gave me no problem with the return though.", "This product is very good. I bought them for my brother and he was very pleased. I chose this rating because it satisfied my brother so much, he didn't take them off for 3 days. I recommend this product to all guys who wants sports socks.", "I both these as a gift for my grandson, so my review is based on how much he likes them - and he likes them a lot. Fit was exactly as they should have been, shoe looks and feels well built. That bright read look would probably not work for me, but they look great on him.5 stars for Amazon. Great price, great shipping.", "Never buy expensize shoes since they outgrow them so fast!  Great price on these so we tried them out... He loves em!", "my son loved these shoes and they are so bright you need to wear shades to look at them!  He wears them every day, not just soccer", "Jordan never lets me down and they arrived really quick. They fit perfect (i always buy one size bigger), true to size.", "I was very pleased and highly satisfied with the product itself but there was one problem.. the color. I had originally ordered it GREY not ORANGE! I am not going to make a big deal out of this because I actually like the orange color.", "Son loves it and seems to hold up well as material goes. I don't see anyone going wrong for a good gym or overnight bag.", "Looks just like picture, so Nike bag for a great price...very cool haven't seen to many with a zipper thats a good bonus.", "My 13 year old son used this bag everyday for his basketball gear.  So far it has held up very well!", "Seems to be well made.", "my kids use the nike team training sack for sports and school.  The construction is solid and the materials durable", "Perfect gift for my godson.  He was looking for a lightweight bag for lacrosse.  He is very happy with this bag.Loves it.Thank you.", "Had this for over a year and still use it!!!! I like it because not only am i a Nike fanboy but most gymsacks don't have a &#34;zippered&#34; front like this bag does. other than that, quality seems good! has vents on the bottom to air dry/ventilate your soaked gym clothes/towels..... So far the bag has held up well!!!! no tears.... Super happy w/ this bag!", "It has a ventilated side for shoes and another side for whatever else. It also has a big zippered pocket which is a plus!", "This bag was very sturdy and well constructed.  It also has a divided place for wet things.  I would recommend it for anyone who needs a book or sport bag.", "my 16 yr. old son has used this almost everry day since early Sept. and it has held together very well", "great bag and very convenient.  i use it for the gym.  i like how it has 3 separate compartments and easy to wear", "My son loves this! He uses for back pack, not bulky or heavy, and its roomy enough for his laptop", "This is a very nice bag.  My son likes it because it has a separate compartment for his gym shoes so they don't have to touch his clothes.", "Well made item, which you expect from a name like Nike.  It's just the right size for a man to carry his workout stuff to the gym!", "This bag works great for my teenagers gym stuff - shoes, shirt, shorts and deodorant. Sturdy bag and easy drawstring use!", "Great product", "Nice.  Well made.  But a bit small with not much potential for expanding out to hold that one extra thing.", "I like it for carrying stuff when In sweats or shorts.  Wish it had one more zippered pocket Inside pouch.", "I loved this bag. I bought it for my grandson. I didn't hear any complaints. He appreciated it and I like to see him happy with gifts taht I buy him.", "The zipper pocket is nice.  One more small zipper pocket would be ideal.  I would recommend the bag for gym use.", "It's nice, stylish and roomy. I bought it in grey/black and it looks good. Good quality so hopefully will last.", "These are nice socks. Very comfortable and a quality product. Ordered these for my son in High School and they were a hit.", "I ordered the Medium size.  I am a size 6-8.  This top is way too small for me.  It feels like regular t-shirt material.  Pretty design, but won't fit.  Why isn't it sold in a large, or XL?", "first of all..i love the color of the shoe!..its amazing..for the price it's really a good buy!!Although it appears to be cheaply made, its really durable so far", "This was a true fit, and is a great buy. What a great addition to any Nike t shirt lover.", "This is the perfect sized gym bag for 1 or 2 pairs of shoes and a full change of clothes. It has a separate compartment for shoes and enough pockets for anything you may need. The only negative is that there is no pad on the shoulder strap (like it mentions in the description and displays in the photo) and it can get uncomfortable if you're carrying it for a while.", "Great bag for the gym. I'm 5'10 and the bag is perfect for me. Shoes, pants, and everything else fits in there", "What a great duffel bag.  Not only is it aesthetically appealing, it also does its job quite well.  It is a nice mid-sized bag with multiple compartments.  The main midsection is vast and holds quite a lot.  It holds my laundry bag, shoes, clothes, and much more.  I use one of the side compartments for my deodorants, perfumes, lotions, soap, and the other for my weightlifting straps.  The bag feels durable and travels quite well.  It has the ability to get skinny when stuffing in a smaller locker.  Overall, a great bag which is pretty cool.  I would definitely recommend it to any interested.", "It was perfect size! Tons of room on the inside! Exactly what my husband was looking for! Will buy again!", "its nice and i use it a lot. the side zipper already broke and the bag is really flimsy unlike the picture would depict.", "Comfortable with a good fit and nice material. I love the color and elastic type cuffs. It lives up to the brand name. It makes a good spring jacket without the need to be a hard nosed runner.", "I allowed our little man to chose which shoes he would like to have.  He picked a color I thought was a little bit bold but,  all in all it turned out well.He tells everyone he sees now that he has a pair of Nike's!", "The reason that I give this product 3 stars is because it the color was a lot darker than represented by the picture and description of it. I was looking specifically for red pants and these are more on the burgandy side, however, they fit perfectly and are of great quality.", "Fit great and love the material!", "I bought this for my 16 year old Granddaughter. I couldn't find the size &#34;Small&#34; anywhere.  I was told that when they come into the store, that size flys off the shelf. So, I had to get them online. She is a cheerleader and wears these to practice her gymnastic stunts. She says they are very comfortable.", "Perfect to wear under my tennis skirt with matching Atomic Orange top.  It's our team color this summer. I bought the matching visor too.", "Perfect for daughter age 11.", "Unfortunately, this jersey is poor quality. The Messi letters were peeling off after wearing it for the first time. Not recommended", "The jersey was a last minute purchase for my grandson. He loved it. I had even expected it to arrive after xmas but it came before which made it that much sweeter a deal.", "I got mine used-like new and it came with the tag and everything. The jersey I ordered was a medium and was a bit small, so I would recommend going a size higher. Everything else is good", "They were very fast sending the item so i could get it for Christmas.The price is very low and the quality of the product is extremely good", "This was EXACTLY what I was expecting! I received the Nike brand Messi jersey with tags to prove its authenticity. Almost every negative review was proven wrong in my experience. I am a medium, ordered a medium, and fit exactly like a medium should, so the comment of size being wrong is incorrect for my order. The quality is as good as it's going to get, it is made with Nike's dri-fit technology and the logos (other than Qatar Airways) are all embroidered. HIGHLY recommend this product as it is an AWESOME price!", "I think its a decent quality. Im about 5:7 and i got a medium and it was perfect. The liga logo on the right is plastic and thats the only default i see in the jersey, other than that it is great!", "I gave it 5 stars because i really loved it . High quality and it is exactly like the description and the picturesdelivered fastHighly recommended.", "Unfortunately, this jersey is poor quality. 2 of the Messi letters were peeling off when opening the package. No invoice slip, no tags, only a foreign address from China. Very disappointing!", "Not as good as I expected....this jersey came with holes on the sides... Apparently These holes are suppose to keep you cool, but they are too big.", "The product is player-authentic, price is cheap very good deal. I recommend to anyone, size runs a bit small. GREAT!", "The medium was a bit snug and now I need to reorder it. But it did arrive earlier than expected.", "great quality great fit good price now if i can get my son to take it off he loves his jersey", "It took a while to get the product but it is coming from China so it's expected. To me the size was accurate as I ordered a medium and it fit my husband.", "I purchased this for my grandson who lives in Europe, plays and loves soccer.  He had a Barcelona kit that I had purchased in Spain several years ago but was now too small.He was SO impressed because this shirt was the OFFICIAL one!!  He slept in it the day it arrived and wore it all the next day as well.  You made me the most loved Mimi (grandmother) in the world.  Thanks!", "Runs small, order one size larger than normal.  Very nice jersey with high quality materials and structure.  Would recommend this to anyone.", "IT is one of the best jersey i owned, fits well for medium size, just taking one star as shipping is slow, had to wait for couple of weeks but totally worth it", "I was very excited to get this jersey, but by the moment I received I could tell it was not the authentic jersey, there are few details that show that is a fake one:-Breathing holes inside jersey supposed to have a blue rubber around them, this jersey has color white rubber and after one wash is falling.- The sponsor logo is sticky also the name and number- According to nike, this jersey runs smaller, this is not the caseBeing 100% fan of the club I am not happy at all with this product.", "Excellent quality!!!! My son wears it to school all the time, Much better than the outrageous prices at the mall.", "I love this brand and they're just what i expected. I would definitely order from this area again and recommend to others as well", "It is just a bit too short, the back of the skirt seems to just barely cover my butt and when I'm running I assume it's probably bouncing up pretty high.  The shorts underneath could really use some of that tacky stuff that you find in other skorts to keep them from riding up your thighs and causing thigh chafing.  The material and color were nice and fit was otherwise correct to size.", "I think I lost this bag within the first 4 months that I had it... When I had it though, it was perfect for carrying my cleats and gear to and from practice.", "purchased for my son (age 14) he uses it for his gym clothes at school and really likes it. Would purchase from seller again.", "Ehh this bags a little too big and  I thought it would have two sections so I can divide my stuff but overall just a simple drawstring overpriced backpack", "This is the second Nike bag that I purchased for my son.  He uses this constantly and wore the first one out.  He loves these things.", "Bought this for our son who plays basketball. Hes able to fit his shows water phone and an extra pair of shorts and a shirt in this thing with ease. Very nice!!", "Bought a few of these as gym bags.  It's Nike quality, and what you would expect from the product.  Need I say more?", "Perfect track bag for my son. Super fast delivery! Nice shade of blue. Even has a mesh front so his track shoes won't stink up the inside!", "I love this bag its lightweight and can hold a lot for its size. I like the color of it.", "Nice and roomy - my son's giant size 9 shoes and a large water bottle fit in nicely.  Well made and looks good!", "got one for my boss and one for my husband they love them but i have seen them use it?????", "Looks cool and holds more than it looks like. Shipping was pretty fast. I am such a nike fan so what more is there to say?", "A great gym bag, well made and a good size. It holds sneakers and a change of clothes but is small enough to fit in a locker. The carrying straps make it convenient to wear as a back pack or over one shoulder. My son really likes it.", "I bought this bag thinking that I needed something that would be sturdy and do the trick to carrying my random stuff ie. keys, wallet, papers, etc. around. This was worth the money and works fantastic!!! If you need something light weight and reliable this is your bag", "Good back pack/ gym sack works well. stylish. I love it. Now I can go out to my friends sleep over with all my things in one place", "I noticed that this bag is not for soccer. Cuz the opener is just not that big to put the full size soccer ball easily. Beside, the material and quality is very awesome. I love the design.", "It arrived fast and there's nothing wrong with it. Just notice the size. It may be too big for a girl or kid but does perfect for a guy", "Perfect sizeMesh on the bottom to air out, awesome!!!!!Works for the gym, when I run to work, when I ride my bike and for a make shift work bag!!!THANK YOU", "Was purchased as a gift for a nice, young man.He needed it for school and sports.Great bag for anyone.", "Great to carry a soccer ball around in, but a bit expensive for a ball bag.  Grandson loves it, that's what counts.", "This bag is Great for any teenagers basketball equipment. It has plenty of room for shoes and shirts and any loose items they have.", "I love Nike it's a the top of the food chain for me, I like other brands but love nike", "Really love these sneakers. They arrived quickly,look just like the picture and were true to size.Very happy with my purchase.", "Was great fit for my young lady she was so happy Omg you all make me type more than I want too", "These shoes are VERY comfortable. I compared their fit to the Adidias Barricade (which I've worn for years), but they are much lighter than the Barricade.  I bought them on 12/23/13 and did not really play in them until mid January.  I gave it 3 stars because the threaded seam on the left toe has torn.  The right toe is also about to bust.  I guess I drag my toe (4.0 singles player), but my Adidas shoes lasted at least 1 year before they stretched out (never wore out sole or toe)!  Thru research, I learned that NIKE had NO WARRANTY on this shoe and would NOT replace or give me credit (lower end model).  After 2 months of wear, I was disappointed.  I took to a shoe repair place and they restitched the toe as best they could, so maybe I'll get thru this spring's matches.Even though these are comfortable, I won't be buying this model again.", "I had to return these shows. I have a slight bunion on one foot and the shape of the shoe does not accomodate for a bunion....", "I have a bad back and am very sensitive to shoes. In the past, Nike has served well and when I saw the Vapor I felt safe trying it. This is a beautiful shoe and, indeed, works well. I was surprised to find I needed a shoehorn to put them onbut since I am actually a small size 10  it works for me. I love this shoe!", "This is an excellent shoe. It had a wide toe box and an adjustable forefoot area so it fits really well and is very comfortable. There was no break in period and it's fast, light and has just enough cushion to make it comfortable but not too bouncy.My one issue is that it seems to really tear up clay and har-tru surfaces. It does not say anywhere that it's hard court shoe but I am wondering if it is.", "My product was my Nike Hypervenom Phade FG cleats. I love soccer so I get new cleats a lot. These are my favorite cleats so far. They are comfortable and easy to tie. The structure and color of the cleat are also very good.-Hypervenom-Pink-Navy Blue-Ladies Athletic Shoes-NikeThe only thing I didn't like about them is the size runs big. I got the right size but they were still a little big. If you end up buying this product get them a little smaller than usual. Other that that they are amazing cleats.You might need them when you are playing in a soccer game, practicing, or just playing around. When playing in them they feel great. These cleats are good for kids, teenagers, or adults. They fit good for anyone who needs them.I have had friends/family who have had Nike Hypervenom cleats before. They loved them and said they lasted them for quite a while. My old cleats were also good while they lasted. I had them for about seven months until they got a huge hole in it and got worn out. With Nike Hypervenom you will not have that problem!", "I bought this sports bra in size s. I am a 32C and its too tight, the fabric doesn't stretch so its kind of difficult to get it on and out. It has also a really high cut around the arms so it can be uncomfortable. It is really really thin, so if you get a little cold it will show like crazy.For me the only pro is that the Dry fit fabric is really good. I expected a lot more from a Nike top, so I will stick to forever 21 sports bras.", "The bra was too tight.. it's not about the size, it is the material.. it barely stretches.. I wanted to exchange it but the seller doesn't offer free exchanges nor free returns. Next time I'm only buying from sellers that offer free returns.. I guess that's what you get for such a price.", "Loved this bra!  Great color and fit.  Being reversible allows me several different options when pairing with pants and shorts.", "... No problem! The bra fits great (size up though) and it still looks new after a few washes. Great purchase!", "Bought for my daughter and it is now her favorite bra. And she loves that it's reversible and that it's two colors.", "just as described!", "This item was not as described.  It might well be a child's large, but it is NOT a youth large.", "I bought it for a pair of Nike glasses that I own so it's a natural. I like the flat bottom the precision snap tight closure.", "Good condition really protects my glasses also very useful when I need to carry a spare pair of glasses I really helps", "This came with my son's glasses.  I did not order this from Amazon. I am very disappointed in this product, as it is broken and completely useless 2 weeks after my son got his glasses.  After spending $300 on his glasses, it is very upsetting for the case to break so soon and now I must buy a new case so his glasses don't get destroyed.  BEWARE if you buy this case.", "I lot the item I purchased, it fits me perfect. I will be definitely purchasing another color in the same style.", "My husband now has three of these shirts, two in white one in this neon yellow/green.  He runs early in the morning before sun up and this year Texas has been very cold. He hates cold weather but is a disciplined runner and he is very happy with these shirts so I bought this 3rd one for Christmas.  He is 6' 2&#34; broad shoulders and 32 waist at 172lbs and the large fits him very well, not compression-snug but comfortable for running.  The neon is perfect for visibility and the white is pretty good also.  The white does tend to get dull in the laundry however.  I don't dry these in the drier, but check the directions, it might be fine.  Would love to find these cheaper, but since he's been wearing them continuously this winter, it was money well spent.", "Great for running in cold weather. A lot cheaper on Amazon than in the store. Prime shipping is the way to go on all products.", "This was a Christmas present for my son and he loves it!  Fit, color and price were all acceptable.  I would purchase again.", "Seems to fit extremely big but I know next time to order a medium in this material or a small", "This hoody is a perfect fit for my grandson and he loves it. In fact, Nike makes some of the best products out there. I really believe in their tagline, &#34;Just do It!&#34;", "Recently purchased this product. This slide definitely runs large. I normally wear a size 8. Had to exchange this for size 7. I am very happy with the size 7 ---- how it fits. They run a little wide, so be aware of that. I feel they are comfortable & like the colors!  I am a satisfied customer.", "They are not the same snugness of the other Benassi slide sandals that I love!!! Also the bottom is more spongy, so retains moisture and that leads to smell. Do not get these wet.  Overall they are cute, very comfortable as you expect from the Nike Benassi. Amazing arch, great for the feet and back. The band over the foot is a bit loose, if I had known I would have ordered a size smaller, maybe.", "Feel and look cheap and fake.  Doesn't look like picture at all. I didn't feel like sending it back am waiting for a refund so I just gave them away.Not satisfied at all.", "MY GRAND DAUGHTER LOVES THIS SNEAKERS. THE FIT PERFECT, GREAT STYLE, NICE COLOR.. SHE TURNED 7 AND I WANTED HER TO HAVE SOMETHING DIFFERENT.", "This is a good shoe. It fits true to size 7, and is a super-comfy standard runner. It arrived promptly and well-packed, a pristine Nike shoebox within a shipping box. I have no critique for this item, but I will say the color is grey & salmon, not pink... And is really lovely:)", "lots of toe room and nothing squeezing on the sides of your feet... super light and great support... MAKE SURE YOU GET THE RIGHT size.... try them on in a store before you purchase on line.... make sure arch in the right place and toes not hitting front. Most people buy shoes too small for them....", "These shoes fit perfect! They are very nice color! The pink on it's more salmon and I like that a lot! The green inside is awesome!", "The colors are much more vibrant in person, they're incredibly comfortable. I put them on as soon as they arrived, I'm still wearing them. My husband loves them, let me tell you ladies if MY husband notices something I'm wearing then it was worth buying. I'd love to get more colors of these!", "Fitting is exact!", "My daughter picked these shoes out and was so excited to get them.  She can run faster and jump higher, so she says!", "Got it for my one year old brother we have been looking for the right fit and style for him , this shoes were great he walks much better with these shoes all the other shoes made him walk funny . I'm happy with my purchase.", "I love these Jordan's because they go with a lot of her little outfits.  They are a little big but I made sure they were so she could get more wear out of them.", "There is no way these are 12 to 15 in size I am a 13 and they barely fit over my heal.", "These socks are great for when your doing physical activity in your everyday life. They keep your feet dry and warm almost like wool socks in winter.", "The label on the bag the socks came in says they are L but the Nike packaging that wraps around the socks says XL.", "The socks warm my feet a bit more than than I expected but it is made of good quality and confortable material", "Thought I was buying the micro fiber type of dry fit. These actually feel like thick cotton. Too hot to workout in. Disappointed", "I am size 9.5 / 10 (depending on shoe) and the large fit me really well.  Here are the pros:- They are the perfect thickness for me.  Not so thin that they offer no insulation in the winter but also not so thick that they are warm in the summer.- The fit and level of elasticity is great.  They are snug and don't ever feel like they are going to fall off my feet or slide down to my heel (I hate it when socks do that) but they are also not overly-snug (I also hate that).  Very comfortable.- They seem to be durable.  I have had these for a while and have washed them many, many times and they are holding up very well.Cons:- I know it is supposed to be a feature, but the Left / Right specification on these makes it harder to sort / match socks when doing the laundry.  Not a huge deal and what you gain is foot-specific fit (which means the toe line models the contour of your feet), but, I figured it is worth mentioning for the sake of thoroughness.At any rate, my experience with these socks has been nothing but positive.  I have taken them on hikes, a trip to Alaska, daily bike rides, etc.", "Great socks at a great price. Socks are very comfortable. Will definitely buy more in the future. They fit just right too.", "perfect fit. great comfort. very comfortable with shoes on.Great for walking.I love the color.Great quality. Nike is the best in socks.", "So far so good with these. they fit as I had expected and seem like they'll hold up OK over time.", "I'm a size 10.5, and they're so tiny they  pop right off my feet, inside of my shoe.  Disappointing.  I suggest that you wear eye protection if you're putting these socks on size 12 feet ... 'cuz somebody could get hurt.", "Excellent fit, stretchy and cool. Nice support", "Quarter crew socks were difficult to find in the 12-15 sz. They are are  an  excellent fit and product. Over priced from the base price at stores(if you can find them).  Will not purchase them  here again as found other outlet at considerable less $.i", "These socks fit well, are comfortable, and are the best low cut sox that I have ever tried.  I highly recommend them.", "These were a stocking stuffer for my husband and he really loves them.  They are great quality socks. He is quite pleased.", "These are the best socks for sports that i have had. I was looking for extra padding on the heal and not to low on the ankle.  Socks that stay in place and are soft and comfy.These are it for me.", "This is the second time I've got these they fit great and don't get all out of shape after you wash them.", "These socks are great and let my feet breathe. Very comfortable. I run and spin in these socks. Love the way they fit", "these are always my go to socks, they last a good long time, i have about 10 pr and rotate them and have had them over 5 yrs.", "I bought these socks for a friend. She is an avid runner and wanted a nice cute pair of socks to go on her runs in. Not only are these socks super cute, she says they fit great and are awesome to wear while working out or anytime for that matter. She wears a size 5 shoe, and she says they fit great!!", "go ahead, it's a nice sock, I like the right/left....never had that before. Great for working out or just wearing around.", "These are so comfortable. They are the perfect thickness - thick enough to be supportive and not fall down, thin enough to fit snugly in shoes. I didn't realize how bad my old socks were until I bought these! Seriously, who would've thought new socks would make you so much more comfortable?!", "Awesome socks, have helped me prevent the blisters I would get on the balls of my feet from jogging that come with cheap socks.", "I bought for my husband during the world cup, and it fits good in him. And you are also able to adjust the size, so, I am also able to use (but it is a little large for women).", "Excellent quality , good fit, fast delivery. Bought it as a gift for my husband and he loved it.", "Bought this shirt because I love the message. Shrinks somewhat but fit is consistent with other Nike shirts. I would recommend to others.", "These are great for my son who wears a size 14 shoe.  Other socks don't fit well and are uncomfortable.  These are perfect!", "As described they fit my 15 year old with no problems . Don't know if I would buy again though . They are very pricey", "Our son wears a size 14 shoe, so regular sports socks are just too small. We have trouble finding the XL size in stores, unless we go to Dick's and pay $$$. So I was pleased to find these XL sized Nike Dri-Fit socks on Amazon at a decent price.They are crew length, so they go about halfway up the calf, and are perfect for football, basketball or wrestling. The Dri-Fit technology wicks the moisture away from the foot, so he stays comfortable longer. They don't shrink or fade much at all in the wash, and best of all they fit his extra large and wide foot.", "My boyfriend LOVES these socks. He swears by them. He wears a size 14 and it's so much trouble to find him anything that fits him well. These are well made and long lasting.", "Like the fabric. Like the fit.  Works for me.", "This was a surprise purchase for my baby girl(15). She seen them and said I have to have them. I said NO! The sneakers arrived in 3 days, she was so HAPPY. She says they are comfy, true to size, loves the detail, and would definitely order Nike Cortez sneakers in the future:)", "I love the sneakers I wish you would give more of us the option of many sizes again you don't which is very sad", "I wear a size 10 shoe in Nike, but these socks fit comfortably. No complaints and would definitely purchase again.", "Was looking for socks with a little extra cushion but not too bulky.  These filled the bill!  Really like them.", "These socks fit as expected and generally hold their shape but every Nike sock I have owned collects lint or fuzzies of some kind making them look old and worn well before their time. It doesn't matter what I wash them with...same outcome. Won't buy Nike socks anymore.", "Nice socks.  I got these for my brother-in-law for Christmas, and he wanted heavy cotton socks.  These were perfect, and I like the different colors in one package.", "These socks are rated for shoe size up to 12.  I wear size 11 and I can barely get these socks on!They are too small, and since the elastic is not stretchy at all, it's really hard to get on my feet.The one plus is that they look nice.", "It's a little bit small. Not good. But i am wearing this sandal. But it is too tight and too small.", "Pros:Great size.  Not too big, but not too small.  Just enough to do the job without showing.  I wear a men's adult size 10 shoe.Nike logo on topSoft/CushionedCons:None", "Is exactly what was pictured and what I expected. Double lined in the chest area for support, but a built in shelf bra would have been nicer. Still it's good for hitting the gym or for running. It stays in place for the most part.", "my grandson loves these shoes. he wears them everyday to school. they fit just as they are supposed to. love them", "My son is 5,and he started playing basketball this year and he loves these shoes! Great shoes, great price! Good", "These shoes are lightweight which makes them good for play, will see how they will  last, too soon to tell.", "Every-other shoe lace mount anchors down at the sole rather than just being an eyelit. I guess it helps the shoe wrap around your foot or something. Either way, one of mine has a broken string anchor thing and I have to run the lace through stupidly to keep it laced up. If I could figure out how to fix it, or better yet, it didn't break, it would get more stars", "The length was a little short. I expected the sleeves to be longer on me as well as to rest over smh hips a little not on them", "The sweatshirt they sent me is supersoft and looks exactly like the photo...except it is NOT a zip front but a pull-over.  It is so comfy I decided to keep it, but will still have to find a zip hoodie!", "These socks grip my high arches, are thick but not too thick. They don't slide down in my shoes. My only complaint is the price.", "Socks are perfect weight. They don't slide and colors stay bright. They have just enough sock showing above my sneaker that they add to the style of my workout clothes.", "Shoes fit perfect for my lil man. He's been playing basketball and doesn't complain about his shoes. Bought them due to the height to protect his ankles.", "Glows pretty good and fits as expected.  However, black shirts with the neon green or orange, lime green glow better...in case you're looking for options.  We'll be posting pix on our website at www.LegendaryStreetSoccer.com and YouTube.", "I ordered this shirt for my husband to pair with the (Nike Air Jordan 1 Retro '94 &#34;Bobcats&#34; Mens Sneakers Grey/Orange/Blue) and it was a perfect match but since my husband is into body building, the fit was too small for his shoulders and they didn't have anything larger than 2X but if they did this would have worked perfectly because it really is a nice shirt.", "I love these socks there the best. So comfortable. They don't slip off my feet at Pilates. Great colors too!", "I Love the socks, they are very comfortable, don't shrink when washed and they don't roll down into your shoes at the heal. Stay in place all day!  (I want more.)", "I purchased my shoes at DSW actually but I thought I'd give a review of these shoes.  99% of the time I fit into size 10.5.  These shoes fit my feet perfectly in size 10.5.These are very uniquely styled and designed shoes in a few different ways.  All of the material is extremely thin and lightweight.  I've never owned anything like them before.I love to use these for floor training (HIIT and cross-fit).  I also use these to ride the recumbent bicycle.  Typical running type shoes have wide soles making getting into those toe clips a little difficult.  I don't have that problem with these.I've worn these for a few hours now after my workout.  They breathe really well.  Extremely comfortable and flexible.The shoe strings are a bit long for my liking.  Other than that, I'm extremely satisfied with my purchase and hope they last!I bought the black on grey style.", "My daughter loved these shoes, she has room to grow which is what I wanted because these will be for this upcoming winter.", "My daughter wanted another pair of Nike running shorts. The price was good and she likes the print. But these Livestrong shorts are much shorter and other Nike running shorts she has.", "I got this set for my son who is about to turn 3 and he really loves them. They are very thick and warm plus comfortable. His feet stay warm with theses on", "these cleats sucked so bad that they fell of my foot every time i took a shot. the ball control is terrible and they fell apart in my hands. they are metallic on the outside and are very narrow. DONT GET THESE CLEATS", "Nice cleats but like any other athletic shoe the front runs a little narrow. Overall nice cleat. Has nice ball control", "nice product fit perfect", "Disappointed in fit.  Run very small almost to the point of not wanting to wear them.  Major does not weigh much which is good.", "I have purchased 15-20 pairs of Pegasus 29's and I have never seen this style of that model.  Look really different from what I have been buying.", "Great shoe. Great price.", "I thought the nines would be big enough because I wear a none in women's but they are a little small but I love them anyways", "Very good quality T-Shirt, Fits as expected", "Good quality and comfortable", "It's a great wallet because it is very sturdy and holds all of my cards.  The material feels great and I see it lasting for many years.", "I bought this wallet for half price on a lightning deal and is worth every penny (but not so sure at full price).  I love the two-tone grey/black look.  The specs state 99% nylon and 1% leather so basically the entire wallet is nylon.  But the black portions of the wallet are made of a leather-like material.  I also love the outside Nike swoosh logo and there's also &#34;NIKEGOLF&#34; with the swoosh etched in the leather-like material inside.It's a very sturdy wallet and should hold its shape longer that all the leather wallets I've owned over the years.  It's a must buy, especially for Nike fans.", "Only two slots for credit cards.....also a window slot for drivers license for 25$ crazy sending back as soon as possible!", "Used to use a money clip only for credit cards & cash.  Didn't like a thick wallet in my back pocket.  This really worked well for me!  I have room for 4-5 credit cards on one side and 2-3 on the other.  I use the money clip to keep it all together when I'm not using it.  You probably need to travel lite but that suits me.", "The material is clingy not your traditional tshirt. I love the saying but hate the shirt. I would not recommend", "Wrong size an terrible. Fabric. Start peeling da second wk I bought it jus mad but they are cute on line", "These socks are well cushioned yet they do not retain moisture.  Thus, they are perfect for running or similar activities.", "I received 4 left foot socks and 2 right foot socks. I contacted Amazon and haven't heard back. I don't recommend buying these. Mine were still in the package, so I'm afraid maybe Amazon got some kind of defective order of them. Very disappointing for such expensive socks.", "The socks are really nice -- good cushioning, good fit.  However, the 3 pair come tied together very tightly with a piece of plastic that is very difficult to separate and requires a scissor.  When I finally got the 3 pair untethered, one of the socks had two large holes in it.  There has got to be a much better way to package these socks.  Very disappointing and unnecessary.", "Love these socks. I wish they were a little thinner only because I wear them to workout in. But overall they are great.", "I am an adult male, 6-3 215lbs and I cant even get this on over my head. It is a child size. I wish it did fit !", "The weight and quality of these socks are good, but they squeezed my feet until my ankles swelled. The additional tab in the back  does help in putting them on.", "I'm impressed with the fit and comfort of this sock.  The compression around the arch holds the sock in place so that the toe of the sock doesn't bunch up.  The tab at the heel is at the right height to provide protection from rubbing.  I like the &#34;right/left&#34; designation/fit.  I've tried a lot of different dri/fit socks; these are the best.  In addition, they look good with my Nike 5.0's.", "These track pants by Nike fit true to size and are really nice. They are a working perfectly well for track esp when it si still so cold.", "Great looking wallet.  I bought it for my husband as a random I love you gift!  He is in love with anything nike so it was perfect for him.  The only thing we were not fond of was the fact that there was no pocket for cash, just a money clip.  It seems pretty sturdy but still kind nervous to just leave money hanging there.  Overall I would recommend!", "The wallet has a really nice look and texture. It is thin in my pocket and feels great. I am pleased with it. I like the money clip, but a pocket to put cash would be nice.", "I love love love the Nike Flex Motion Womens Thong Sandals.  I got mine in Turquoise and they are simply stylin'!  It pays to shop around for best price.  I love the Flex Motion so much, I think I will try some of their other sandals.  I love Nike shoes but this is the first sandal I've tried.  I've even used the Nike website to customize your own shoe the way you want it.  Nike is so innovative.  Just Do It!", "Great pair of socks. Love them", "i need you to send me a small in women size because the medium was to small please. an would love to get it next week friday", "The fit well and the pockets are okay; I wish these would come in a shorter inseam.  The price on these just jumped so I'm glad I bought mine when I did.", "I got this for my daughter's bday and they are the cutest thing ever!!! I wish they had these in my size.", "Great shoes and our son believes that they are the most comfortable shoes he has worn. The shoes fit perfectly!", "sizing is always an issue when buying shoes.  every company and shoe is different.  i have wide feet and high arches.  this shoe was marked 12D.  was too narrow and too tight for my arch.  and felt like there was no inner arch support.  if the shoe was available in 12E, it would have been perfect.  comfortable cushioning sole.", "I bought these shoes based strictly on their color.  Being a an Ohio State fan I was looking for shoes that were scarlet and gray in color and these seem to fit the bill.  I was amazed at how comfortable and light they are.  I bought my regular size and they fit perfectly.  All of my friends have given me positive comments and I'm very happy with my purchase.", "perfect fitting", "all ok. excellent.", "Very comfortable shoe, great fitting, and very light weight", "My husband loves these socks.  They keep his feet dry and fit snugly, never drooping. I can't find them in stores.", "Lovely!!", "This outfit is true to size. Great fit.  Ordered the size I normally do. I bought for my granddaughter.  She loves it and looks so cute.", "Very cute shirt", "Looks good. Feels good. Fits good. Great Buy...will continue to buy me more slippers from here for sure! Well worth it!!", "Love it !"]