["The digital numbers were impossible to see I don't know if there was something wrong with the watch but the glare was terrible.  I sent this watch back.", "They are confortable to wear and are of quality construction. They haven't helped my golf game though! I guess shoes aren't my problem!", "These bitches are bad. Look like I'm in tron or something. I would recommend if you like wearing grays, yaheard", "definitively I have not received what I needed color, color were wrong order. when he received my surprise was that they had a different color to the selected.", "I too have a Nike HRM watch and the band cracked. I didn't think I could replace it bc I didn't see anywhere on the Nike.com website where they sold the bands separately. I called the 800 number and they gave me their watch vendor's 800 number : 800-359-2508. The name is Parsec Enterprises. Also their website is: [...]I called to order the replacement and it wasn't in stock. They took down my phone number and are going to call me back. I'll post again if I get the watch band. If not, assume I didn't and you can't get a replacement.", "This was my second Triax watch and my second bad experience. I had the watch for about 5 days and it locked up. None of the buttons would work. I replaced the battery and it still wouldn't work so I returned it.", "I bought this watch to give my sister as a birthday gift. However, I am totally disappointed. This is very big for girls:(( I will send this back to amazon.", "PROS:-Good looking watch.-Fairly easy to use.-Love the fact that the watch face is twisted to make viewing it while I run easier.-The watch's wrist band held up well, unlike the Swiss Army watches I've had crack on me.CONS:-After only a month's use, the plasic wrap that encases the watch itself started to detach and warp.  It appears as though it was simply glued to the metal part of the watch.  It's now so warped that it looks terrible and makes it difficult to press the buttons along the side.-At 18 months, the watch has bugun to collect moisture inside.  From diving deeper than its 100M rating, you ask?  No, from sweat and shower water.  The digital display is now failing and I'll soon have to throw the watch away like a piece of trash.  That's just unnaceptable, Nike.", "Problem #1The design stinks. It is impossible to move your hand without putting the watch into a reset mode, and loosing all of your settings.Problem #2The watch I got broke 8 hours into use.Problem #3The customer service on this watch is horrible. The company my watch was purchased from (This was not Amazon itself, but through Amazon to the company named WatchZone) was the worst I have ever seen.Here is WatchZone's return policy: (No Joke, word for word)Quote--\"The watch can only be returned if it has NEVER been worn. It is impossible to wear a watch (even for short periods) and not get it scratched or blemished.\"Any trouble with the watch and WatchZone passes the buck to the manufacturer.NikeTiming also has a terrible customer service. Upon calling, you cannot actually contact anybody. When they ask for your number so they can contact you back, they don't. Finally, they make you pay for shipping, re-stalking, and other such fees when they are the ones who sent you defective merchandise in the first place.Grand total: The watch that I got was on sale for $20 off. It is taking me more than $30 to get a working one (if they send me a functional one THIS time.)I would advise anybody who is looking for a watch to steer clear of NikeTiming and WatchZone. You will get a better product if you just buy the $20 Wall-Mart special, and you will be spending less even if you donate $40 to FedEx.", "I got this watch from amazon with the battery almost dead. I send a request to Amazon to exchange the watch but they told me that the watch was sold out and they can just return the money. I ask about if was posible change the battery with nike warranty. I never got an answer. Too bad Amazon...", "I didn't like the style.  The band was too small.  The watch seemed likeva womans watch so I returned it.", "This watch is basically a timex in a Nike case with a stupid watch band. The watch sits up very high (too high) for this type of band. The watch sticks out from your wrist and catches everything.Watch functions are basic stupid timex type. Chrono, timer, dual time, date, and data.Just a stupid watch. I was hoping for much more- not sure why, but I was.", "Very Unhappy with my purchase.  The watch is not as waterproof as it claims.", "I gave this watch as a present...it wasn't working and when I went to put the battery in they supplied, it was the wrong battery.  That rots.  Now I have to take it to a store and BUY another battery?  Not happy.", "Received the watch a month ago from JustBrands. The watch does not work(battery dead?) and have emailed and called the customer service of JustBrand at least eight times with no response. I have included Amazon.com in the emails and still no response. I am requesting the return procedures of JustBrands as I received no invoice or return procedures in the watch shipment. I have disputed the watch charge. I would not recommend this merchant.I purchased the Nike Watch for my Daughter's Birthday and she is disappointed that she cannot use the watch.", "Had to return. No instructions and when Nike emailed me a manual nothing was working on the watch. Very disappointed.", "Very disappointed about this product. I've had it just few months and the metal around the front came off and I've not even exposed the watch to water or anything, even though it's supposed to be water resistant. You can tell that the metal was not glued properly to begin with. The band material is also not durable, the shiny coat on the plastic band is wearing off as well.Very delicate watch, not sporty at all...which is what one should expect of a Nike product.", "I like the way the watch looks and it is fully featured.  My main complaint, is that the buttons are really sensitive.  Half the time I look at my watch it says 4:00 AM (which is the time I have my alarm set to).  The Orange button on the front is what toggles this, so anything that touches it switches to the alarm mode.  This has become really annoying", "When I recieved the watch it was a bit small for my taste, gave it to my son, he loves it!", "I got about a year out of this watch.  The band broke, and because of the way that the band is part of the watch, it cannot be replaced.  There was no sudden strike that caused the break.  It just basically wore out.  Also, for a sport watch, it is very thick and heavy.  It's usable but not a great watch, and it doesn't hold up.", "My daughter receive this watch as gift , unfortunately the watch did not stand up to the vendor water resistance guide. Try to work through amazon and vendor . The vendor could careless in what we had to say . Do not give this to 10 year old even if they go swimming in a five to six feet pool. Water will get into the watch.", "Bought this as a gift for my preteen daughter.  She loves it.  It is almost too small though, it would have been helpful to have the length given in the description.", "The item arrived on time. It possesses all the features provided by the seller and as shown in the picture. The shoes are of quality as the brand behind it.", "It's very poor watch. It has a horrible red button (and they don't show it in the picture). It looks nicer in the website.", "Th watch is snazzy looking but the digital numbers are silver and very difficult to see when you are running out in the sun.", "I bought this watch for everyday use. Unfortunately, the band is quite stiff and thick, making it very uncomfortable for me as I work on a computer almost all day. I also found the strap to be very difficult to latch/unlatch because it's so stiff. I wouldn't recommend it.", "Because this watch is angled sideways, I found I was always reading it wrong, expecting the 12 to be where the 10.5 is, and expecting 3 where the 2 is. Making the watch at this angle is a clever concept, but it's tough to change a lifetime of habit.", "I bought three watches.I didn't receive the watches that I assumed I would have. The ones showed on the picture are gray color, and the ones I received are pink.Later, one of them just failed.", "I have had bad experience in the past with Nike Golf shoes of running one size too small, I had thought that they fixed this problem.  But they have not.  I had to return the shoes.  Just did not fit.  Very disappointed.", "I've had this watch for a long time now, almost 5 years and I cannot wear another watch because I'm in love with this watch, I wore it every day since I got it and now it is at its limit because it's about to break and the battery is dying and I was hoping to buy another like it (black/red) because if it does break I do not think I could wear another watch too bad they're hard to find now :'(", "As soon as I opened the box, I noticed that the shoes were scuffed up horribly. There are black marks all over the sole of the shoe plus the side of the shoe. The marks won't come off as well..", "Ordered as a gift for my brother in law and it fits him perfectly.He has been wearing them for a few months, they hold up well.", "I bought around one month and It's like old one, so dirty no good please change for me that watch", "I wear a size 9.5 to 10 shoe.  Ordered size 10 but sandals are way too small to wear.  Don't see size indicated on package or shoe but can't be a men's size 10.", "It looks OK-OK. It has a little hard base. So do not consider if you need a very soft base.", "uncomfortable", "My feet are average width/height, but I can't put these on without jamming my foot inside.  Apparently, they are designed for people with paper feet.  Disappointed and returning.", "Received on time but width is too small for my feet. Also, not sure if this is wearable in the shower...", "I had to return this item, because it was too narrow for my foot and very uncomfortable for me to wear.", "Unfortunately these are my second pair because my wife bought me the same ones I had before for my birthday buy didn't know that I had to get rid of them because in the heat they shrink! No lie, anywhere, the beach, lake, your car, you leave them there for an hour or two and they are three sizes too small! Never been so disappointed with nike for selling a crap product at a high mark up, they need to get rid of these sandals! They are horrible!", "They sent us slides 4 sizes to small that's not an accident that was awful of them to do. its so hard to return things and that's what they want to send you anything they want and hope you cant or wont send it back! Wont ever buy from there again!!!!", "if you need socks real bad, this one is the right choice for you. but it is cheaper on Nike.com", "All of my NIKE shoes are 10 1/2 includeing basketball shoes. So I chose 11 for this slipper but it is too tight for my feet. Just size info !", "Bought for my son. However, when these sandals arrived they had terrible smell of mix of plastic and ester. I'm going to return it. Do not recommend.", "Slide sandals were too small. Also, MSR price was on a printed tag in the shoebox, and it was $8 less than what I paid. Not good!", "Normally I wear size 7.5. But this size 8 is just way too narrow . It's very uncomfortable to wear ....", "This heart monitor is terrible. The buttons are non responsive and you have to press them until you get permanent indentations in your fingers.The instruction booklet is useless and the watch is not intuitive.Don't waste the time or the money.", "Customer service was horrible! Watch came in shipping box with no instructions or wrapping. Battery was dead when I got the watch so I had To go buy a new battery. Then the watch still didn't work. When I asked where the instructions were, they said I should Google it. I pages 75 dollars for this watch. I shouldn't have to Google it. Very rude!!!", "These shoes are NOT \"authentic\" Nikes. Personally, they are the worst knock offs I have ever seen. Amazon should ban \"Virtual Exchanges\" from their website. VE is a JOKE. I received these shoes in a fake Nike box and knew I was in trouble before I even looked at the shoes themselves. No quality in these guys. Please stay away!!! I even had to pay a 10.00 restocking fee for sending them back, all in all it was 20.00 lesson learned. Buy from known shoe stores....Finish Line, Footlocker, Champs, Footaction, etc. STAY AWAY FROM VIRTUAL EXCHANGES and their FAKE SHOES!!!", "I'm a runner.  My wife bought this for my birthday less than a year ago from the Nike website and paid over $125.00 for it.  Here's why I give it one star.  First, I dropped it from the medicine cabinet shelf to the sink. Immediately, it started getting what looked like ink splotches all over the inside of the watch display.  What's that, a drop of 2 feet and the impact caused the display to malfunction?  I can't even read the time, much less the stop watch.  It's too fragile.Second, the battery must be weak because the display is faded, especially when you turn on the light.  And, I hadn't even had the watch a year.  I returned it to the company that Nike subcontracts to handle their warranties and they sent it back to me after six weeks, saying nothing was wrong with it.  Yes, I'm making this all up, that's why I took the time to send it to you.  At least give me a price to repair it or replace it.  Horrible customer service.  Horrible!  Now I'm stuck with it.Do yourself a favor and stick with your Ironman or Casio.  This is a waste of money and not worth the headache.", "I am very disappointed with the watch as I think I may need to replace the battery off the bat. When I got the watch it would not work. I understand the watch has a feature that will shut the watch to off mode but that is not the problem.It is still dead as I have not had time to pick up a battery. I hope that is all it needs.Really unhappy, you would think better of Nike products.", "this shoe was a bis disappointment to me. the shoe is very stiff and uncomfortable to wear. i was only able to wear them twice. the blister on my heel was so bad that it took about 2 weeks to heal.", "You can't go wrong with a pair of NIKE's.  My grandson loves his NIKE's  I don't believe he wears anything but...", "It's just a shoe. There's not much more to say... I like it... I'll probly buy the next pair at the store because the shipping and handling is expensive...", "I have been looking for this shoe in a 3E, I was very disappointed that it came in 9.5 D.", "i thought it was for women but the strap is too short... my bad though", "Bought this for my daughter.  She loves the look of the watch and wears it a lot.  The complaint I have is that the band which is a thin plastic has now broken for the second time :(  basically cracked all the way through.  Too bad its a very cute watch.", "A couple of days after my son word these, they began to squeak as he walked? Wasted money:-( Don't waste your money on these.", "I did a search for Heart Monitor and this item appeared, and being a fan of Nike, I just ordered the item not researching farther.  When I received it I realized that this watch did not have the Heart Monitor feature.  I immediately returned it.  FYI....This watch has a really small wrist band.  Not sure why this watch appeared in my search.", "This watch is made for right-handed people.  4 of the past 7 presidents have been left-handed.  Can't we get watches?", "Got this t-shirt to start using it when i go to the gym, i hope to not get a wrong size", "Nike Women's Triax Swift Analog Watch #WR0078-401I ordered it  as a birthday gift. It was nicly packed but defective - did not work at all. Big disappointment.", "I bought this watch one year ago. I could wear it just for 6 months, then it came off. I hated its rubbery band design. When you put the watch on a desk, it seems like U-shape. It never gets flatten, so bands are damaged and cracked easily. Rubbery bands glued to the case of the watch. My watch was broken apart from that glued part. I recommend you to buy a leather or a stainless steel watch instead of paying $70 for this useless watch.", "Actully wheh I order the Nike Air structure triax 91 ,I inteded to give to a friend as a gift but when i received it i shocked it was a very cheap quality and very bad made so I keep it in store with regret .", "Even though they were a bit small they were not comfortable shoes. I was disappointed with these. Nike is hit or miss sometimes", "I ordered the same size I have worn for the last at least 10 years of my life and this shoe was too big.  I then had to pay almost $13.00 to ship back.  Ridiculous!!!!!", "I ordered 9.5 but I received 9 !! I am not happy !! And I don't have time to deal with this situation bcz I am working !! That's why I buy online !!", "This is supposed to be a running shoe, can't even stand in this shoe for more than an hour. HATE IT!!!!", "The design is great, but the quality looks terrible; plus, I did not understand why this size 12 would not fit me while other twelve do. The yellow color seems to drip over the borders of the sides of the shoes (unacceptable!!). The seller is horrible; added insult to my injury with his poor customer service (sneakers4you). Do NOT buy from this seller!", "I expected these shoes to be in a soft leather as I had a similar pair from Nike from 2 years ago. Instead these are a hard non breathable plastic like shoe. I'm very disappointed. Nike would have had a customer for life if they had not changed the material of the shoe.", "Low on my list of 5. Hard, bulky and not a great spin. At least on my hardwood living room floor.", "The shoes almost feel fake, there is hardly any padding in the shoe. After one game of 21 i had no skin on the top of my toes. Overall horrible for any type of activity", "Received the item and it's the wrong color it's dark navy.  I know I can return and exchange for hopefully the correct color, the only problem is I sent it to a student to an away college.", "i dont know if nike already have a factory in china, but all my nike shoes are made in vietnam, so Im a little bet dissapointed!!!", "I usually play 27-36 holes and needed to change shoes after 18. With theses shoes I can go 36 and it feels like I'm barefoot walking on marshmellows.........", "heap material used to make it and over priced. It is not worth the price. Shame on this fake Nike.", "I bought these and they are stiffer then I wanted to play in so I am using them for work. They run a little small.", "My daughter ordered these and they were the wrong size! Not any fault of Amazon or the supplier. My daughter is not going to be ordering online unsupervised anymore.", "very hard bad for your feet, like standing on hard floor and fake item. not happy with them at all and paying to much money not worth the price could get much better shous for that price.", "I have always worn nike shoes. I am a loyal buyer of nike shoes. This however is the worst nike shoe I have ever purchased. Not only is the shoe like paper thin, but the shoe is so narrow I almost broke my foot putting it on. I have never been so unhappy with a shoe ever, And I have purchased some cheap shoes in my day. But these take the cake.", "these Nikes are not comfortable at all these Nikes hurt my foot these Nikes is the worst ever save your money on the shoes", "Yellowish color on the base of both shoes. It looks horrible! Like somebody urinated on them before placing them in the shoebox.  I truly cannot believe this seller, TheKickShop, allowed this defective product to leave their establishment. I'm truly disappointed and will NOT order from them again.", "When I order this product, it stated white/white. However, once I received, it was not the color I order and was not authentic.", "will not be buying from this company ever again worst service ever. shoes did not fit, they did not come on time, they would not take them back. so i had to sell them myself. this company needs to post correct shoe sizes or just stop selling them/ scamming people", "I run at least 6% faster in this shoe. Girls notice me. My feet no longer stink. What else can you ask for?", "you sent me the wrong size. I ordered size 10 and they sent me size 9. I'm angry. I do not live in the us and i get really expensive return it, I'll wait for someone to go beyond return. : (", "I've worm Nikes for years  and these shoes are uncomfortable don't buy them.  They also make a popping noise when you walk", "Too small for my feet and they were toNarrow cut off circulation to my feet. I don't want the pair", "Wasn't the same color when it came in the mail .. It fits just the color is ugly ..not what I was hoping for ..", "the shoe did not flex int eh locations that i felt that they needed to. the cut into my toes and the schools soul was too stiff as well.", "These slip on sandals are not very comfortablethe bottom insoles have little uncomfortablebumps and the plastic type material makes the sandalssweaty feeling to the feet. Sorry wished I would havenot purchased them.", "I like the product but am not impressed by the sizing. I'm disappointed in this. I would have preferred the sizing to be better clarified.", "for the price and the name, construction is poor.  no arch suppot, no extra padding in the heal.  these need to be reworked, not all people have arches or heal pads.", "Shoe is literally 2 sizes to small I wear a 9 so I ordered a 9, fits like a 7. Ended up buying a size 11 from a shoe store. When ordering go 2 sizes up. Also no return shipping label?! Very disappointing. Regardless with the correct size they are very comfy.", "the middle part of the shoe is narrow and the straps are uncomfortable.  I gave them to a friend who has very narrow feet,", "these turned out as expected anything less would have been a disappointment .the brand and the price and the picture is what gave me my expectations", "This pair of air force 1 07 are hard to find.Good pair of sneakers to purchase.", "as soon as i put them on the nike logo in side faded away.they are Bootleg. they wore out faster than the nikes i buy off other retail stores", "I thought it was so cool to find Nike running shoes on Amazon but became very disappointed as the black parts on the sole of the shoe began to come off. I've never had such a lousy product from a store selling Nike shoes.", "very very bad  i big zero i am disapointed normaly it must be correct the size are threre fake i think so", "THESE ARE A KICK @SS PAIR OF SNEAKERS BUT THE SOLES WEAR OUT IN NO TIME KINDA STINKS BECAUSE OF THE COST OF THE SHOE", "Poor traction on the gym floor.", "these shoes held up through my teenager who is awful hard on shoes. he said they were comfy and his feet werent sweety anymore", "Este modelo Pegasus 83 me han gustado desde hace mucho tiempo. Es mi segundo par de zapatos. Para el clima caluroso de mi ciudad -Guayaquil, Ecuador- los modelos de zapatos que venden las tiendas deportivas locales son muy cerrados y de material propenso a encerrar el calor. El material de este par tiende a no ser muy caluroso y de mayor ventilaci&oacute;n. ****Solo una precauci&oacute;n****: La suela base de estos zapatos (el modelo conocido ac&aacute; como de tostadora) NO ES ADECUADO PARA NING&Uacute;N TIPO DE SUPERFICIE H&Uacute;MEDA, ya que tiende a resbalarse debido a que el contacto con la suela del zapato no es total, sino a trav&eacute;s de los peque&ntilde;os cubos que la conforman.", "shoes are comfy, stylish..i also bought the olive green color too. hard to find. received a lot of compliments. nike roshe game..", "Bought these for all of the athletes in the family.  No more complaints of sore feet or aching backs.  Does not help if you are prone to shin splints.", "Would not recoomend to anyone. Looks awful, like someone made it on their backyard. Glue and threads all over the sneakers. But that could be seen in the photos, my mistake that not paid attention and used zoom", "I ordered a size L, and got the size XL! Do not pay attention to what were getting into. It is possible to return, but due to lack of time I have to wear shorts too big and feel bad ...", "Very disappointing from the seller. I received one shoe in yellow color and the other was orange. I would have returned the shoes but unfortunately for me, I shipped it to the UAE. To return it, it will cost me the shoes total cost in shipping back and forth.I am extremely dissatisfied with the seller \"kicksftw\".I hope I receive some sort of compensation for my loss. The shoes is going to the garbage because it is unwearable.", "It still bothers me that Nike discontinued the equalon series.  The replacement &#34;stability&#34; shoes are awful.  If someone ever finds something equivelent I'd love to know.  And, I've tried Mizunos and Brooks Beast; they were awful for me.", "For  all of of you that are busy saying that these are fake take a look at the buyers name ,Nike", "These are fake as hell no one should buy these just look at closely if your not convinced got to Nike.com/jumpman", "If anyone goes into there pocket and actually take out the money to pay for these fake shoes you are a fool.", "Today we learned that the pair of Air Jordan 11s that we bought last year were not authentic. A well-regarded expert on collectible sneakers had a very close look at them as well as the box that they came in and determined that they are not real. I bought these on behalf of my son with his money. I tried to caution him from buying from an unknown seller, but he wanted them so bad that he didn't want to believe that anyone would do that.", "I really like how the shoes look, but the support is awful. After only two days of use I started to develop foot pain along the sides of my feet. My exercise routine didn't change, so the only thing that I can think of is its the lack of support in the shoe.", "I did not receive all of the components of the Sportsband - so I had to reach out to the seller to get the clip - I still have not received the clip yet - a little frustrating", "I was afraid that these wouldn't be the real thing, but after doing some research I found out that they were and now I don't feel like a poser. They were a bit expensive but at least they are real.", "My daughter is involved in all star cheer and she lives in Nike Pro's.  She needed a black one and I was having a hard time finding her size in stores so I checked Amazon.  If you're looking for Nike Pro's, you know what you're looking for and this will not disappoint.", "I ordered these shoes and got them in the mail with the leather all wrinkled, I was extremely disappointed. Defiantly not worth $150", "Feels like it's made out of paper mache instead of fabric.  Very disappointed with the quality.  Not up to Nike's usual standard.", "they sold fakes and charged me over $200 what more can i say very disappointing might as well be false advertising", "I sent one a different color I am disappointed with the product is not as it appears in the pictures before buying tengalon in mind and not be misled before making the purchasen into account", "As stated by a previous review , we also received the wrong color, I like the glasses but it isn't what is in the picture. I'm not a fan of returning things so I will just keep them.", "Terrible, It came smelling terrible like someone with stinky feet had been walking in it and it came two weeks after the shippig date stated", "I would like to exchange them for a 10 but that isn't an option. It should be since they are so expensive.", "If 7 is my number in another Women's NIKE FREE 5.0 that i have, why this does'nt fit me? I'm very disappointed and would like to change, with no cost for me. I leave in Brasil and ask i friend to bring it to me from the NY adress i gave, but it was terrible to see that something wrong happened.How can we change it with no cost for me? I would like to change the color too.Hope to hear from you soon.NikeNike Free 5.0+ Womens Running Shoes", "They look perfect!*.*I love the color but They are a Bit to small and were a Bit dirty at the back when I get them..:(", "I orderd the wrong one,, I suppose to order the men's, and suppose to be 11 1/2 size, not the women shoes ..", "I ' m 5' 8\" tall & 165 lbs weight , I brought this shoes on March 20 ,2013, shaft to run with its everyday with 1 hr, and running on smooth jogging path. But very disappointed about it.  Because the bottom rubber of shoes's heels appeared seriously worn and eventually the air pad heel was broken on May 8 2013. It caused me lost of support & balancing to my feet.The shoes only workable for 39 days. Premium price & poor product durability. It make me lost of confidence & reliability  about Nike running shoes.", "These sneakers did not hold up to well. They tore at the seams and became very dirty quick after wearing for 3 months", "The description says that this is a \"passport case.\" The wallet doesn't even look big enough to hold money or a license. The descrption on the Nike box says \"Front Pocket Wallet.\" It doesn't say anything about a \"passport.\" Disappointed!!", "The only thing I got that I was looking for was the word Nike. The description of this is wrong and now I have the wrong socks.  These socks went above the knee.  I wanted Crew Socks. Not happy with the purchase and I hate having to take time out to do a return for socks.  Waste of money on this order.", "my son wears a 3 in shoes and so i bought the 4 so he can wear them by summer and i got the shoes and try them on him and they r to small so i am going to have to by him anther pair", "I ordered a small based on the reviews, but even the small size looks like a tent on me... I am in a good shape, 5' 10, athletic. This model (I even wonder if it is a real Nike even though it has the swoosh and the nike labels inside) fits terribly. Too long, neck too broad, very thin fabric. Very disappointed.", "Was hard to judge by the picture that only small strips of leather are used in construction everything else is synthetic material.The show is light.Sizes on a smaller scale - beware.Overall not too bad.", "I wore this size before in another shoe, but this one was too small. nonetheless they were gracious and gave me a refund when i returned it.", "Hard to find a shoe in size 15! Can always depend on Nike and Amazon to have what I need", "Too small... be careful with the size are very small... did not serve me...dos not serve me.. Too small 1", "Is not original, and there is also glue on the shoes like if it was torn and re-fix.And also seems smaller than the underlying ! strange thing that the product is bad", "Too narrow but work", "These are 100% fake. If not they should have been sold for $10. Leather is crap, sole is way too heavy, wears quickly, and not comfortable at all.", "Nothing to do w/the seller, but these shoes are extremely uncomfortable ... Arrived on time ... just not pleased w/the shoe.  I bought these to wear at the gym and are the most uncomfortable style of Nike shoe that I've ever worn.  My feet hurt soooo horribly after my workout that I had to actually take them off in the car so I could drive home in comfort.  Unfortunately, since I wore them out I am unable to return them so am now stuck w/a pair of shoes that I will never wear again.  I guess I should have stuck with the Nike Torch shoe; was previously happy with those.", "Bought this thinking it would be a men's size 11, turned out to be a children's 11 (needless to say it was returned). The shoes other then being tiny, were exactly what I wanted :(", "got these to a throwback king in my nieghborhood but all them fools bite off my style still, they sick to def", "Somewhat narrow .", "I received a completely different shoe,I got black and white Nikes .not even CLOSE to what I wanted!!! Hate them", "up to know i did not recieved my son shoe thats terrible and today is the12th august  thats not good at all", "I feel cheated, stolen by these people buy shoes in January and to date I have given them or the money refunded. I have been in contact with them and I do not give immediate response to the problem I need help do not know how people can be so corrupt", "No idea why but it seems people who designed it never wore it. This thing has ribs that dig into your soles that it can be painful. I have restricted to post shower wearing only. I had hoped to make it my default for the apartment but the ribs are too sharp for comfort.", "The shoe is bad never got , i wish i can get my money back.Crap shoe worst go on .", "These weee too small for my child. But that's my fault I guess for trying to order from half way across the world.", "There are somewhat small in the laterals.", "I bought these shoes as a gift for my fiance and they are very sharp looking, but very narrow. Do not buy if you have narros feet!", "I received the wrong item and have had no luck contacting the company. This was part of a gift set that I was putting together and now my main item is not available. Very horrible experience. ....BUYER BEWARE.... YOU DON'T GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR BECAUSE THEY SEND THE WRONG ITEM...", "The smell of the leggings is terrible. I washed them twice and they still stink...I would have been better off buying some from Walmart. .", "I've received the shoes on time and wear them, they felt  kinda small on my feet. But when I walk with the shoes on it felt just right.I will recommend this shoes to my friends.", "shoe sslightly narrow", "The squeek, which was loud and annoying from the outset, has progressed from bad to worse and keeps on progressing.  They're so loud now that I refuse to wear them in public.  Nike should be ashamed.", "These pair of Nike Air Monarch IV is a waste of money. They are not comfortable to me and they squeak so bad it annoys anyone around you. I have been wearing Nike shoes since the 80's but this will be my last purchase of a Nike product.", "i have this shoes for 2 months i bought amazon for workbut only worst thing which is always annoying is the sole of these shoes very low quality and when you walk it start making noises chuu chuu which is don't like it", "i can't get past the squeaking.  i love the fit and the comfort, but the noise is terrible. i hate Nike", "I ordered this shoe in a size 11. The shoe I received was labled size 11, but I could just get my foot in it. My heal and toes are pressed against the back and front of the shoe. Very uncomfortable. This is not a size 11.", "I WOULD NOT OWN ANOTHER PAIR OF THESE.THIS IS PITIFUL.  ALL THAT MONEY FORNOISY SHOES.  DO NOT RECOMMEND", "There is no beating these for comfort but the noise that comes out of these shoes within weeks I is ridiculous! I am a UPS driver and I have bought these for the last 6 years or so hoping that they would fix this problem to no avail I will have to stop purchasing these and find something else! I wish that they could fix it I would never buy anything else but...", "I got the shoes within a few days of placeing the order and the were on my feet within a few minuies,,Feel goood.", "outer part is such a synthetic that while running all the dust and dirt sticks to the shoe.Hate It!Its either fake, or Nike has lost all the quality!", "I have no complaints. I was skeptical buying shoes online, but made the leap of faint and it kept me from going to the store.", "they send me the wrong size. it was a gift item for my dad. I already sent the product out of usa. So its very hard for me to get it back. And my dad is not using it.", "fake dont buy. misleading ad. doesnt have nike tag nor does it say nike on shoe at all. save your money.", "Nothing like the picture.  Returned the item for a refund.  I'm still not sure whether or not the card's been credited, but will check this out now.", "The styling of this shoe put a major binding seam across my foot that made walking painful. It wasn't a matter if the shoe being too small.", "The shoes are so stiff they will not bend... I would like to return them...I have the box they came in but there was no paper work ...", "I did not realize how small it was when I ordered it.  It is not a normal size backpack..  Very disappointed", "These shoes are low priced, i use to by the Pegassus and when i found these at less than 50% of the price just jumped into them...Bad choice for running. You may use them at the gym or for walking, do not run with them, they are no good for running. I got a few painful injuries after just a few weeks of running with them, slow building painful injuries.I went back to Pegassus again and had no problems since.", "Shoes are very wide.  One run and I twisted my foot 3 times.  Unfortunately I wore them so can't return.", "Not the quality of the real jordans. These have terrible stitching. Could barely open my pockets cause threads were cutting off the room by inaccurate stitching. Never again.", "I don't run but if I did I'd be grease lightning in these bad boys!", "To bad the soles are falling apart after 3 uses to work . Not sure why they Are falling apart", "I am not really happy for the item. It's so big and I did not expect for that.", "as of these time that you are asking if the shoe fits, im having a fit becuase the shoe was not even received at this time, supposed to arrive last week, but at this time i dont have any idea where the is the shoe, your tracking is pathetic and the delivery sucks. never to buy from you again", "These shoes run small. My big toe was hitting the end of the shoe so it made it uncomfortable. I ended up returning the shoe. Cute looking shoe but very disappointed.", "I was very excited to receive the shoes, but when I opened the box one of the shoe was dirty. They are fake Air Force Ones... I have been ordering off Amazon for the past 3 years, and this has been my worst experience ever... I will never order from Amazon again... Very mad customer..., It doesn't deserve a full star.", "This bag seems thin, but it's so well-made that, even 9 months later, it holds up like the day I got it.  I've used this thing to tote two 2-liter bottles and it shows no sign of wear nor tear.Terrific product.", "its like these ppl just borrowing your money.......they charge u for an item it never arrives then they send u a message that u have returned that item....THAT SUCKS!!!! SO SAVE YOURSELF SOME TIME SPENT TRYING TO GET BACK YOUR MONIES", "This product is NOT authentic, only wear it couple times and it is broken already! Went to NIKE store in other country, the sales said it is NOT authentic!", "If you don't splint or fold a cloth/sock they'll crease at the toe within a few days which is typical Nike, side from that there bad ass, but I have the the Charcoal/Orange ones.", "ever see a shirt decorated by pouring glue type substance on it ?  the glue type substance always comes loose immediately ... very disappointed", "There should be an option for &#34;uncomfortable&#34;. Nike sells a shoe for men that has a rounder front, but I'm not a guy so I purchased the women's shoe, expecting it wouldn't be so narrow, and pointy-toed. Well, it came and was hard, and pointy toed. Uncomfortable to wear, and too pointy of a toe. NIKE...why do we have to keep making women's toes pointy? Sort of sad, really. In the future, I'll buy shoes elsewhere. I don't think I'll ever wear these.", "i bought these on sale at the nike outlet and they hurt my feet SO bad after 5 min of wearing them. I tried taking teh insole out and replacing it with a cushioned insole but that didnt work either. :( i wanted to like these shoes, but can't at all because they are so uncomfortable. don't buy them if you have low arches because the arch support is just too high.two stars for cuteness though.", "These shoes are on the way to goodwill.  I ran in Lunar Glides for 4 models and had no issues. On the Nike site you can select something like cushion or firm.  I would normally select cushioned.  When I purchased these there was no selection.  A few long runs 8-12ish and my feet hurt! I was shocked how bad these were. These are firm, and hurt my feet, even just wearing around the house.", "The quality of the product is ok but not well made at all. I bought them for my mom and lighter color was expected. The green color is so flashy !!!!!", "I used for one month and get flat the air part :(So i don,t know why happend that .", "They are way too small don't know what I am going to do about it. What are my options? Mike Fowles", "I'm afraid I bought two pairs is Nike women's free run +2 -44381602 (9, black\\anthracite) and I only received one, so I am very disappointed!", "Bought these shoes for my son for school; it is only October 3 and they are falling apart.  SO disappointed to pay $93 and they don't even last 2 months.", "My worst pair of Nike's EVER. Falling apart and the mesh does not stay white it turns yellow. Would not recommend.", "for such an expensive shoe I expect to get a year or so of wear, but the holes the laces go through broke in two places and I am having trouble finding anyone who can repair them.", "They are not comfortable at all! And too expensive. Did not like it! It gives me back pain after doing some exercise wearing them! I wish I could get a refund!", "my 11 y.o. son hates them! they look weird, are too long and too narrow and the design is &#34;too busy&#34; for a youngman to like it. the shoes are design for boys, but look too feminine ... my boy doesn't want to wear them too school. we had to buy something else...", "Just a little small for a size 9 but the quality is great.I would buy again for the price.", "I ordered these shoes and they were a bit tight.  I ordered a 9 when I usually wear an 8.5.  They were terrible for support and hard to balance in them when working out.  I do high intensity workouts and these shoes were terrible for that so I sent them back.", "These glasses were very low quality. Not a good buy, they are made with poor quality. Would not recommend this item to any friends or family.", "the shoes was another size and colour, too small, i dont know why send another shoes with the diferent sizebadddddddddddddddddddddddd", "I bought these shoes about 2 months ago and am looking to replace them.  My feet and legs hurt from using them.  While I know soreness is common for me, the foot pain i've gotten wearing these is not.  Would not recommend.", "Using these shoes for about 3 months and the left shoe started a squicky noise while walking. Very annoying. Paid a premium to buy such high end nike shoe but useless.", "My daughter likes these shoes but they are larger than other shoes.  We went to the mall & tried on Nike's (they didn't have shox in her size) & we ordered the size she wore but these are a little big. Kinda disappointed!", "My expererience with this item is very bad, because i didn't take my stuff and i want to send again or take it my money back.", "I was disappointed in the quality of this boot.  The sole wasquality, but the rest of the boot felt like it was made ofthin cardboard.  Sent them back.", "I bought these shoes for running the track at the gym in September. Now it is March and the sides where my pinky toes has huge holes in it. I got to the gym maybe 3 times a week and I work about 6 hours day. They are to expensive to fall apart so soon. I am very disappointed in Nike.", "I ordered Nike Shox in grey/white/black/yellow. Not only did they not send me what I ordered but the colors that they sent me were the ugliest that I could imagine. If the shoes weren't so ugly, I would probably have kept them so I didn't have to pay for return shipping but what they sent me are just atrocious. I order running shoes online for price and convenience. Not getting what you ordered is extremely inconvenient and paying to ship something cross-country TWICE is a waste of money.", "my son loves these if your son likes all black get them for himm!!!!! hopefully you find this usefulthanks", "I usually wear size 9, but this size 9 is from another planet size - too small.  I guess you have to go to a store to buy shoes because you can try them on.", "Although I like the shoes very much, they came with a big stain around where my ankle would be, I was very disappointed because if what I paid. Buyer beware.", "Runs Small like all of them", "Ttoo narrow in the front of the sneaker.  The seams on the inside are ruff and cut into your toes.  Feel like your feet are trapped inside hard plastic.  Not comfortable at all.  Fell like your standing on rocks.  Very disappointed !!!!", "Although this shoe fit size-wise, the shoe itself felt like a heavy unbending board on my foot. I returned the walking shoe and  bought the Pegasus 30 (Pegasus bring my usual choice) even though I hated the color choices.", "Just by look at the shoes you can tell this is just a regular shoes,the toe area so narrow, not wide as they claim. When I try on, I can feel my toe squeezed , my husband have to squeezed his feet to my shoes to make wider.Very disappointed.", "I ordered the wrong size for a needy family for a Christmas Angel Tree when the spreadsheet with the boy's size was incorrect.", "Looks like Nike has improved the sole on this shoe. It used to have rubber sections glued to parts of the bottom of the shoe which would come off after a few months and render the shoe worthless for running.", "Somewhat small. Couldn't use with orthotics, so had to return. Also didn't like the way the logo was printed on. Looked tacky.", "These Are a must for aerobics and Zumba...great torsion moves! This shoe runs small. I wear an 8 1/2.... I am wearing a 9 in these.", "i was really disappointed that the shoe size was not accurate to sizing..i have worn 7.5 for over 30 years and this shoe seemed about 1/2 size to big", "Poorly made. Visable glue. Probably counterfit Jordans", "Excelente dise&ntilde;o, &uacute;nico. Combinaci&oacute;n perfecta de l&iacute;neas entre cristales y marco. Deportivos y elegantes, todo en uno... Sencillamente perfectos, para todo momento, casual, elegante y deportivo", "IMPOSSIBLE TO PURCHASE WITHOUT SIZE INFORMATION!  I HAVE WRITTEN TO THE SELLER PREVIOUSLY WHICH IS VERY ANNOYING THAT THEY HAVE NOT CORRECTED THEIR DESCRIPTION OF PRODUCT INCLUDING SIZE!  HOW VERY FRUSTRATING!GET YOUR ACT TOGETHER PLEASE!!", "I hate socks that have that extra band of elasticity around the middle of the foot.  The picture doesn't show it and the description fails to mention it.  Because I didn't want to pay return postage, I gave these away still on the hook.", "I love Nike running shoes. I really do; Nike is the only brand I wear, but this pair almost turned me off them completely. Very uncomfortable, very poorly made. The soles are put together weird, so they squeak when you walk. The tread is made of some weird foam that doesn't provide proper traction, but squeaks really loud when you get it wet. Just the other day I walked through a little damp grass to go inside and a friend made a comment about how loud they were, just to give you an idea of how bad a problem this is. After only a few months of wear, the support collapsed almost completely. I am very disappointed by these shoes and will not purchase anything from the vomero line ever again.", "The only thing I like about this shoe, is the color scheme!It feel like there are wedges on the outside edges of the heals making you walk like ---&#62;  V, on the insides of your feet.  HORRIBLE!", "I bought this pair, was not happy with them, returned them and now they kept the shoes and will not return my money, do not buy from them, they do not answer you when trying to get your money back.", "Buy these if you want to make a fashion statement. If you want to run with these then forget it. These are the worst shoes ever for running, ever since i bought this have been having issues with my foot.", "so, i bought these shoes as a gift.  I gave them to my boyfriend in March 2013--now, 3-4 months later they are literally FALLING APART!  the rubber bottoms are detaching from the sides of the shoes and all along the toe.  :(", "I am a workout rat.  And this shoes have improve my workout routines.  I would recommended them, even they are a little expensive.", "had to return because too small and tight and now  need to have my reward points returned to my account.", "I usually wear around US 8.5-9 depending on what type of shoe or boot it is. But this shoe I seem to wear a 9.5.", "shoes are comfy, stylish..i also bought the olive green/ red color too. hard to find. received a lot of compliments. nike roshe game..", "SUPER BUMMED, bought these for my son for ball, and they are way too small.  Of course, he opened them while I was at work, and wore them outside, got them dirty, so I cannot return or exchange them.  Wished I would have ordered a size larger, or 2 even!  :(  DISAPPOINTED!", "My son loves these socks.  I bought them for him as a Christmas gift because they are rather expensive for socks.  They seem to be holding up well.", "They were not what I wanted Size was all wrong sent them back.  The persons they were bought for did not like them", "My son loves his elite nike socks they are extra thick !! Theses are the ones he wears at all the home basketball games!! Go Rattlers!!!", "I was very disappointed. It was thinner and more see-through than the picture depicted. I will just use it as an undershirt on a cold day.", "This suit is too big for me. I can't wear it when I practice golf. It is uncomfortable and heavy.", "ordered xlarge and they sent large, when I contacted them they were argumentative and told me to front the return postage and they would resend the correct size, front them the return postage? this was outrageous, they messed up the order and wanted me to expend considerable time and money to fix their error on the promise of them performing to fix", "Poor quality . Shirt feels flimsy . Material feels even weaker after washing it . Way too short , slip out from waistband !", "To me they are ugly, But I'm just a mom! My sons face lit up when he saw the shoes and that's priceless!The small imperfection on the Nike check is barely visible and he didn't even notice it.Great transaction i will look out for other items in this store. Thank you!", "Horrible! ordered brown boots and received GREEN boots! When I checked out it said \"brown boots\" why they sent green I do not know.", "I got these shoes for my stepdaughter. She plays basketball and loves they way they feel. To bad they don't help her jump like Lebron.", "Toki ams the rhythm guitarist for ultra brutal metals band Dethklok.  Toki need de shoes to be comfortables while he ams jumpings around the stage playings the hits like \"Murmaiders\"  and \"Briefcase Fulls of Guts\"", "I ordered these shoes a couple days ago, because they dropped the price down quite a bit, about 4 hours later they canceled my order and told me that it was a &#34;new employee's&#34; mistake and they would not honor the price that they had posted them for!! i would never recommend this seller and i will never buy anything from these people. Horrible customer service!! Even if he is a new employee you still need to take care of your customers and bite the bullet on your employees mistakes. thats just part of owning a business.", "i had such a hard time getting my product!! the person i gave it to as a gift loves it!", "Bought this item for my nephew and he was screaming and shouting and hopping all over the house when it arrived an he tried it on. You can't go wrong with such a purchase", "This is a weird looking shoe. It is too small and it looks like it is made lopsided. I cant seem to give it away.", "I bought a pair of this 3 months ago and  now they are broken. I paid an expensive item for short durability.", "I was sent a pair of used shoes....Dirt on the bottom of one shoe and a stain on the other that appeared to be blood....very disappointed in this purchase....I paid for new shoes and got a pair that had been worn and returned......needless to say I returned them.....", "My 15 year old loves these....too bad they got stolen out of his gym locker, so we bought another pair as well!", "Does not fit like other Nike shoes (shorter from heel to toe). Poor arch support. Poor overall foot support in front area of shoe.", "I can not give an opinion of this product because I never came. something happened during the transfer of product, the company claims that transport the suitcase was broken", "these shoes are the worst purchase i have made on amazon to date. they are far too heavy and i rolled my ankles in them twice. terrible shoes: dont buy", "Shoe was cut too small. Squeezes the life out of my feet. But I didnt feel like returning and all the annoying return processing. I dont have the patience, oh well. I will not be purchasing again. Waste of time & money!", "I bought these shoes under the weight of reviews and trust. After one month. They have fallen apart. I will now have to glue the bottom rubber pieces back on after so little time. This shoes are worthless.", "I was a bit disappointed when I opened the shoe box because the color seems a little darker than what it is shown in the pictures. Fast shipment!", "my daughter loves the shoes cant say anything bad them.  im talking about a really picky little girl here.  thank you", "These are Nike's so I was expecting quality, and they delivered as usual. I like running and biking in these. I even put some fancy laces on them to jazz them up.", "Still wearing my TImberlands as we haven't had THAT bad of a winter.  Wondering if i should &#34;spray them&#34; with waterproofing spray. anyone ?  any ideas?  says they are waterproof, so not sure if i should spray the leather stuff.", "They were the wrong color..", "Never buy this item, it looks more awful in person than on the a monitor and if performance is your thing is was so bad that my ankle broke. The leather makes the shoe heavy. Never again will I buy a jordan shoe they just suck people in like u and me because of ''the jordan brand''.", "Disappointed! The shoe sizes run smaller than the listed size. Buyer beware...you have to pay to return the open item and you do not get reimbursed for the return amount", "I've had Nike ACG's for over twenty years and these have been the worst! They pinch both of my little toes, and heels are rock hard rubber in colder weather.", "T S A un- approved!! Heed warning and remove tag before flight.  Do not hide tag in rectum.  Bad idea.", "Don't buy these shoes!! I bought these shoes so I could get laid. What I didn't know is that I was just lacking confidence. Wearing the shoes gave me the confidence I needed hit on women, flirt, make jokes, and ultimately get  some vagina time. The only thing is when I finally had that confidence, I still wasn't getting any action! I didn't know what could be wrong; I was smooth, I was charming, my kicks were off the chain... I slowly realized that women were not just not attracted to me, they were repulsed. I was told over and over \"Don't touch me like that\" or \"what are you doing down there, you creep?\" Or the worst \"Please don't hurt me\" during a bought of painful sobbing. Bottom line is I think women thought they were ugly. They killed my game and will mercilessly lay slaughter yours. Do not buy!!!", "I wanted these shoes so badly that I got into the meth business.  Needless to say things got a little crazy, but these will always remind me of Walter...NIKE BITCH!!!", "People wearing these in public would immediately compromise their personal security by exposing themselves as a gullible fools and/or idiots. You might as well tattoo F*** Me on your forehead, or draw a target on your Burberry T-shirt.", "What idiots would pay that much for an ugly ass shoe like that?  I would break up with my boyfriend if he showed up in a pair of shoes that looked that dorky, not to mentiion the how ridiculously overpriced they are. I'd rather he wear Birkenstocks.  These outdo Birkenstock ugly.  FUGLY!!!!  Nike STILL uses sweatshops to produce this grossly overpriced dreck.  You have to pay more than what the workers make in a year for the Nike Swooshstika.", "I only have to (illegally) sell 500cc's more of bone marrow and these bad boys will be mine! I can't wait!  I may be too weak to wear them but they will be MINE!", "Clear evidence that the Fed (and UK Chancellor) are conspiring with nike to impose a tax on stupidity.. Cigs and Gas guzzlers already attract it so why not fashion? These cost 50p to make in some Indian sweatshop, so I make that a 99.99999% tax. Well done guys! Now how about cosmetics, alternative medicine and Portsmouth Football Club?", "You know whut? The plutonium for my death ray can wait. I gotta have these!!!! Its hard out here for a villain.", "I bought these shoes for a trip on the Neil's Cosmos Imaginary ship, but I am now on the run from Men In Black. At least I can run faster.", "Are these shoes literally aircraft? That is why they put a [terrible rip-off]  &#34;Remove Before Flight&#34; tag on it, right?  Sign me up for one set of super-cool jet feet.", "Nike - $2999 china sweatshops -$1... You could see the entire universe looking at these babies. Too bad they are sold out.", "I bought these with my weekly allowance. I was non plused at first however when I was forced to kick the crap out of my mom's mouthy house maid, they quite literally hit the spot! Just the thing for a young regal man on the go!", "I sold my soul to the devil in order to have these shoes and to also to have the ability to play the accordian. When I got the shoes, they were 2 sizes too small. That devil deals all the cards and always has a trick up his sleave. So, I tour the country performing the accordian in my painfully tight shoes. Yours truly Weird Al Yankovic.", "I have a terrible case of athlete's foot, man it smells so bad when it gets sweaty.  This Nike Air shoes fixed it all!  The Nebula design has a hidden blackhole and sucks all the smell out.  For a $3000 shoe, dollar well spent!", "Foamposite? Wow Nike invented lace up Crocs. Just as ugly too. I think I'll stick with the original ugly foam shoe instead of this expensive knockoff.", "When I asked the salesman for a discount, he told me to eat s***.Now I have a stylish pair of shoes and nasty case of hepatitis A.", "I went directly to the sweatshop where these are made, and traded my teenaged daughter for a pair.It's a total WIN-WIN - I get a stupid ugly pair of shoes, and my daughter gets to learn a trade.", "its made of a very poor quality, but you get what you pay, that was weird from a nike product, the fit was correct, it arrived on time but it looks like a hering t shirt, very disappointing..", "The shoe is uncomfortable and the tongue slips down as soon as you take a step.  They are not good for running down the court.", "If you don't have narrow feet, you might want to consider ordering a size up.  They are a bit snug.", "I was sent some old, used, dirty stinky shoes when I opened up my box. Even worse it wasn't even the shoes I ordered, just some random used shoes someone's been wearing for the last decade. They stuck it in a box and sold it to me for $150. This is disgusting and  ridiculous. Please DO NOT BUY from Watch Colony. You will be unpleasantly surprised!!!", "You can get these at Zappos for $100. Not sure why they are so expensive on here. I wouldn't waste my money.", "The soles of these shoes are very thin.  Not much better than Old Navy flip flops are they are way cheaper!", "Sorry but im not impressed about the quality of the bag and I guess the price that ive paid for was not justifiable.", "They are not very comfortable.  They hurt my toes and I would not recommend them to anyone.  I usually like Nike products.", "I wear it for work everyday and I cannot be happier. I walk and stand all day and I don't feel any pain.", "These shoes fell apart in less than a month.  The seller and the manufacturer will not stand behind them and we are out the price of the shoes plus the aggravation of dealing with rude customer service reps who will not have the company replace defective products.  We will not buy Nike shoes ever again.", "Not worth the moneyStarting falling apart the first day woren, Nike logo peeling off, threads coming apart , very disappointed .", "I have been wearing the shoes now for a few months. I do a lot of walking in my job and these shoes have performed beyond expectation!", "Boots Are not the color on photo, they are an ugly jean blue nowhere near the color posted... rediculously unfair", "the fabric is lookingcheap, the size of il is too small and narrow. it doesnt look like nike quality product.", "Run very small. Not happy any all with this purchase. I have since purchased the under armour socks and am happier.", "I'm disappointed in these shoes. They are hard and feel like I'm walking in the box they came in. I wouldn't recommend.", "It was shipped on time, everything else was okay.But one of the shoe laces was very dirty, looked like it was burnt or something.", "want these soooooooooooo bad for my bfbeen looking for a size 8 for over a year now. he wanted it for his birthday and i was not able to get it for him. i would loooove to get it in time for him though....lucky for those of u who got them", "The product I ordered was brown and I received a black wallet. I was very disappointed even though they provided quick delievery it was of the wrong item.", "I purchased a size 12.5 for my son who had picked them out here on Amazon.They shipped a size 12. I HAD to pay for return shipping!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!They did find a 12.5 and shipped them out but I WON'T buy from this seller again.Terrible customer service. Why should a customer have to pay return shipping (with a tracking number) when it wasTHEIR FAULT I received the wrong size!It cost me $11 to mail these back, after I wrote a LONG letter to them, they issued me a credit for $4 REALLY?!What a terrible way to do business.My son likes the shoes, they run small but they will do for now.My son wears an insert in his shoes and they did fit inside once he broke the shoes in.", "I don't know if the picture is wrong or the title is wrong but these shoes are not kobe 7's. They are Melo M9's", "This is not a shoe, this is a torture device.Do not buy it!It is incredibly painful to wear and other people have reported a similar experience. You feel a terrible pinch where your big toe connects to your foot every time you walk. If I could return them to Nike for a refund, I would.You have been warned.", "This thong has a rubber strap that rubs in between your toes and rubs them raw. Evil Evil fip flop. You were warned!", "If wearing them doesn't scare her away just show her the bill, it's cheaper than divorce and she wont even want half!", "You have got to be kidding me. The price of a new Hyundai for some stupid shoes. Fools and their money will soon part.", "If you need your feet to breathe because they sweat too much, then do not purchase these. My feet sweat horribly in these. I hate them so much I wish I could return them but by the time I had a chance to wear them, I was passed my return policy.", "This is why I hate ordering off the Internet. The shoes contour lines are not stylish and the shoe is too small. I have had nikes all my life and I hardly ever had a problem. Now I'm going to have return these shoes. One more step that I don't want to do. But for anyone thinking of buying this shoe. The width and length are off.", "I have ran in this model for five years and these are considerably more narrow.  I returned them.  There was no way I could train with these.  Very disappointed.", "please keep 14 for me ill be ordering from you alot", "Horrible worst shoes ever! They look comfortable in the picture I thought they will be a great alternative to flip flips. But the problem is that I can't even walk in them without losing the shoe while I walk, they just slide off. No use for these shoes. Worst ever!", "Size wasn't the issue. These shoes don't have the support inside to protect your feet. It felt like hard plastic covering my feet.", "Sizing chart provided on website was NOT accurate....I measured my daughter's foot which indicated a size 7.Also, I am not very happy about having to pay for the cost of returning this item. I purchase a lot of items online and am usually provided with a return label.", "Simple online order...nice looking sneaker.  Can't go wrong with at nike a a a a a a a a a", "it fits like a glove. i cannot give a bad comment on the product. but the it is three pairs not three packs...", "These Basketball shoes are very stiff and the sole is slippery with not much grip - avoid at all costs!  I'd also recommend not buying from tyhis seller, they would not take the return stating the shoes were worn, of course they were, that's how my son learned they were stiff and the shoes slid all over the court - do NOT purchase from this seller - buyer beware!!!!", "Wore the same size my whole life... cant wear these.  Nike makes terrible running shoes.  Buy something like Asics now.", "Told my wife..No problem maybe Santa will bring you this jacket? After watching the fab 5 bring home the Gold.  450 bucks is out of the park..:-( was thinking 150-200 tops...Poor wife...Love the Jacket..", "You cant go wrong with a pair of forces, especially in this color, photo doesnt do them justice, buy them now!!!", "I ordered it because I wanted a Nike thermal shirt for my 11-year-old son.  Maybe it's supposed to be so tight, but it was too small & he won't wear it.", "I urchased this product specifically because I was trying to buy gifts that were made in USA. when i got this it had a price tag of $16 ( i paid 22) and the label says Made in Pakistan... LAME, also possibly illegal?", "I need to return it. When will I receive my return label. This shoe looks ugly... It's not what I expected", "My son loves them! He's had them on everyday since he got them and he swears his basketball gaming skills have improved since day one of wearing them.", "These had a weird stitching in the front, very small for a large, and seemed like they were from the 70's or something.", "small not my size  my size 11.5 and my order is 11.5 i dont no what the proplem i dont no what to do", "Runs small just like a lot of the reviewers said.  All of my shoes are size 8.  I probably should have bought a size 8.5.  Oh well :(", "I would suggest ordering at least 1/2 size larger than usual.  They run somewhat small and need about a week to break them in.", "I don't want to participate in this if my name is displayed with the review. Sorry. There is no option to remove it or delete this review either. What's with these tricksy gimmicks?", "My feet and legs never feel sore, tired, or heavy in these shoes even after a crazy busy 12-hour shift.", "I bought these for my daughter, well she wore them & they gave her bad blisters on her heels,  so I thought well they must be a lil small for her, well i decided to wear them due to we wear the same size, well i wore them to the mall to shop & i was on my feet for a hour or so & my heels started hurting bad & i had some serious bloody blisters! I was very disapointed due to i had to buy some different shoes why i was in the mall or i would have never finished, my feet hurt so bad! Sad thing these are women's running shoes & there is no way anyone could leave these on longer than a hour or even that!", "My daughter wears a size 6.5 to a 7.  We ordered a 7 and she has worn them four times and each time she gets horrible blisters on her heel.  We gave them to Grandma hoping she can wear them without pain.  Her foot is a 6 or 6.5", "I have worn the Nike Dart 9 Running Shoes in a size 10 with no problem but the Dart 10 run small in the toe area.  Had to return them.", "I have 4 pairs of Nikes and always wear the same size but for some odd reason these are too small. Very disappointing.", "I wear Nike&#34;s and really like the fit,This pair is excellent.I use them for work which is a 12+hr day.First day not one problem.Highly recommend them.Tried a lot of shoes, sneakers, including a very expensive pair of Echos which made my feet burn.These work.", "quality is as i wanted, but the delivery is so poor, no tracking and delayed", "Received the wrong size.  I requested a Man's size 10 and received a 5.  I would return it, but had it sent to an Aunt who just brought them to me 40 days later.", "Nice shoe, but size runs very slightly small.  Heel is fairly stiff and needs to be broken in lest you get a nasty blister.", "The shoes are too narrow", "SHOE RIPPED ON THE PART WHERE THE ANKLE GOES FOR NO REASON AND I DONT EVEN USE THEM RUNNING I USE THE FOR STYLE BAD STITCHING JOB", "This product can be found several other places for $15 to $20 cheaper. I thought Amazon was the least expensive place to shop. I guess not!", "Worst running shoes ever purchased. Feels like I was running with rocks on my feet. They will work for everyday shoes.", "I bought the usual size but in this shoes it doesn't work. I decided to use it as a gift.", "Most terrible purchase I have ever made in my life! I hate the fact that I ever even spent the money on it.!", "These shoes must be fake. They came without a sole. Had them for a few months and letterin is already coming off and stitches are coming undone. Very uncomfortable also.", "there was some manufacture defect, both shoos R and L and two pairs that I ordered had thick elevation on inner side of the hill. I was uncomfortable.", "Ordered the shoes went on vacation for two weeks got home and shoes were to small I tried to make them work but still to small.", "I bought these shoes for my wife.  They were difficult to find any where other than amazon so they were quite expensive and had to come from a foreign land so it took for ever.", "Hello,I had to return this item as it wasn't as expected at all. I was really disappointed especially after anxiously awaiting the shoes plus all the hassles of the return. My experience was not the best.Thanks", "i like them, overall, but i hate my feet. my feet are so small. they kinda look like hooves. s***.", "I didn't like these.  There was no arch support and the shoe felt flimsy and poorly made.  Sorry, had to send these ones back.", "the look and feel of this shoe is retro.  I'm not sure if I will collect them or wear them.", "Very little stock. Finally found a pair of shoes for my grandson. It was shipped to somebody else. No more in stock. A sad Christmas", "They r not what they are meant to be and I believe that they are knock offs I have worn Nike's all my life and these were not a genuine Nike no way", "This is one of the few 100% cotton jackets that are well made and heavy.", "these shoes are not the real nike air force ones, came with paint still on them. these are man made and fake!! do not buy if u want a quality sneaker!! warning", "This shoe is awful and it's a rip off... I am sooooooooooooo sick to my stomach.. When you pay eighty some dollars for shoes, you expect the real deal..They are not real Nike's..they are thin, and junk...I am so disappointed.....Please don't buy these and make the same mistake I did..=(", "My fault. They are too small", "Have always been my fav running shoe! I have tried fancier ones and hated them. Love the simplicity of Pegasus", "I am a size 8.5 and bought a 9 and the shoes caused blisters. I have worn my socks with other shoes before and never had a blister problem. After a week of running/walking in it my shin started to hurt really bad. Not buying these ever again.", "This shoe is not for me since I returned one of these .  I cound't return this order cause I soil the bottom wearing them in the house to try them out. this style of Nike  with no support is a bad shoe for me.  i've made bad choices in the past and this is one of them", "I Like nike sneakers since  I was kid but u have to be carefull because the one made in Vietnam is fake nike poor material but the china made is the real one", "Very bad running shoe! This is a patent of real. I want 39 and this is 41. What can i do?!", "The design of shoes make it not comfortable in the front toe area. Hurt when you play basketball or when training.", "Ended up returning these because I know if I pulled the strings as tight as I like them when I run they would eventually break. Its not a greatly made product", "I've literally gotten about 100 different people who have noticed and commented on my shoes. These are the nicest Niokes I've ever had and the reflective 3M material is flashy.", "usually I wear size 9.5 US Mens and have other Nike shoes but that model run too small and I mast return it", "Check the correct size if you are looking them for a girl..we found out the if they are for girls, they are smaller..at least in the width", "These shoes were very uncomfortable and narrow.  Tried a larger size at about $35 off this overprice of $99!  Will definitely not buy this type again!  Lost $20 in shipping charges too!", "bad deal, expensive not like the pic small way too small for the size ordered, not happy with the purchase ..", "the back of the show feels weird on the heal, doesn't cause blister but it takes so getting use too. no for distance running just a kick around shoe", "This shoe is barely a shoe. It felt like I was wearing a reinforced quilt. I had no confidence that this shoe is going to hold up to any sort of wear and tear so I sent them back.When I called SneakersRX to return them they told me I had to pay the return shipping! It took almost a week for the shoes to arrive in the first place and now I have to pay to return them? I am extremely perturbed about this. I have order from Zappos many times and my shoes typically arrive next day with a prepaid return label.Once again Amazon, you've given my business to another horrible third party merchant. When will they realize that, by doing business with these vendors that offer horrible service, the Amazon brand suffers too?Oh well. Zappos, here I come. Oh, how I've missed you!", "The shoe was just what my son wanted. It arrived on time and packaged well. They were just about a half size to small and had to be returned.", "No really happy that I paid 35.00 for these shoes and when I received them they had price tags all over them showing a price of 32.00.", "I bought these as a gift. After the person had them and tried them 2 times, she said that they hurt her feet, so we needed to return them. I got the size she usually wears in sneakers but they were too uncomfortable.", "I'm a size 13 & thats what I wear all my shoes are 13 however these are a bit tight I'm trying to break them in but I must say its painful.", "If you have the confidence to pull off neon in the gym, buy these shoes.  Since owning them, its almost impossible to keep the ladies off of me as I walk throughout the gym.", "I bought this for my basketball playing nephew. He likes it and wears it to practice over his shorts and t-shirt. It is thin so be doesn't get overheated after practice. But should not be worn alone in the winter.", "It is too thin, I hate the pullover hoodie. It fits like a shirt. It is not made for winter.", "Baught this product thinking it looked like the picture. Not even close!!! its like a really thin long sleeve shirt with a hoodie! unless you want to be cold and just want to look like your wearing some type of a sweater don't buy!", "This item was a gift for my brother and disappointingly we discovered that the shoes were too narrow.  I will be sending this item back on December 26, 2013.", "I cant belive amazon let people sell boot leg shoes , Omg  i paid a 160 dollors on a pair of boot leg shoes, but you know what God dont like Ugly.", "The coloar scheme is sick with these ones. The material may stain from wearing pants with these kicks. I'd buy another pair just for the future.", "Lightweight and durable. Recommended by my daughters track coaches. She likes them so well she ordered another pair for everyday wear.", "Fits tight and the material feels like its plastic/fake.  Not a good quality.  Also the ankle support is very poor.", "The  &#34;Nike&#34; Team Girl's USA Olympic Long Sleeve Shirt is NOT Nike as advertised. There is NO Nike swoosh or Nike tag or label to back up this claim. It is counterfeit! Extremely disappointed in the misrepresentation and unethical practice this seller portrays,", "Replicas, it's right in the description that they aren't real, don't waste $345 on fakes.  I hate when people get scammed", "Nike has a serious problem with marketing University Red shoes, then when you recieve them they are pink. Getting tired of this.", "Always in nike i wear 13 US which is 47 eur but that one its comming small and tide from front", "Knock-offs - these are not nike socks. Nothing about these is from Nike. Disappointed in amazon for advertising them as such.", "These socks are not he ones that are thick and last forever.  These are thin and probably throw aways after one wash.  I will be using them in my shop as rags.  They got me on this sucky purchase.", "These are the worst shoes I've ever bought.  They are too small, made my heels bleed time and time again and were just plain uncomfortable.  I gave them one star because I really liked the LOOK of them.  They are - without a doubt - the worst shoes I've ever bought.  Do NOT waste your money!", "This man made material these are made of is terrible.  Wore these a few times casually and they got a smell I have never smelled in any of my other shoes that won't wash out.  I have sprayed them, frozen them the smell is part of the package I guess..  Also they have vents all over them but the vents are covered by so much padding inside they are totally pointless.", "This pair of shoe looks worse than a pair of knockoff I got. Even the logo look was bad and the paint is coming off of the sole.", "the mesh sucked on my feet, cutting off the blood to my toes. aside from that this shoe was so bad for my ankle i cant tell you how foolish i feel for trying this marshmello with laces.", "Bought these for the hubby to start running. He says he likes it and likes that it is flexible and less restrictive then &#34;normal&#34; tennis shoes. He ran a few times with it and have not gotten any arch pain as he had in the past. Would recommend you get fitted or at least try the shoe out before purchasing.", "i like this nike version.  i have 3 pairs to date.  the first pair i used for about 300miles and I washed them and the upper superated from the base which was disappointing...", "The shoes were too narrow and were squeezing my foot across the toes. Then it costed me about $22 dollars on ($50 pair) to send it back California. Not happy.", "these do not fit like my current pair of Pegasus+30.  They seem to be wider and a tad bit longer.  Sadly I have to return them.", "these shoes are extremely dangerous. when it rains and you get the soap slips a lot, at the risk of breaking a leg.DO NOT buy them!!!", "These Nike should change their name to s***They literally...LITERALLY fall apart.Wore these out in the rain....the bottom soles started to come unglued. By the time I got home, they were completely apart. Really Nike? .......Really?Who knew these shoes could be worn in the rain?Really think these are imitations. They're horrible.", "That is the worst display of a shirt every, is this an Onion article, ahahhaha!a skinny tattooed model,  hahaha", "I order these shoes for my daughter, But when we received them they were shiny (patent leather look).  My daughter said they did not fit, so I returned them.", "like a glove, oh!, thats what she said! no but seriously the shoe fits, so im wearing it! oh! and the jokes just keep on coming!", "The shoes were awesome...My husband just has wide feet so this line is not best for him. They run a little too narrow.", "My grandaughter is really into her Nikes and was very disappointed that she could not pick another pair...size was different than any other pair that she had.", "I am looking for size 5 badly of Nike Women Dunk Sky Hi M color White/ White 579763-100Any one knows where to get it??", "These \"Air Force\" shoes don't require you to PROVE that you ARE in The Air Force,but at the price ---- for casual shoes ---- it'd probably help if you were a General:to pay CASH for 'em!I like them --- just don't want my wife to slit my throat!", "I don't usually but expensive shoes but I couldn't resist these and the color, so I decided even after some skeptical reviews to buy from this seller, I am no expert but I was very wary or skeptical myself and at first I opened them and them closed the  box in utter disbelief, I THOUGHT THEY WERE FAKE BECAUSE I WAS TOLD THAT ALL FIVES HAVE#23 ON THE SIDE, BUT AFTER COUNTLESS YOU  TUBE VIDEOS I WAS A BELIEVER THAT THESE WERE REAL. J'S THE GRAPES IN WHITE AND AS WELL AS THE BLACK ONES DO NOT HAVE 23 ON THE SIDE BUT DUE HOWEVER HAVE TWO THOUSAND THIRTEEN, WRITTEN ON  THE TONGUE ON THE INSIDE, THE THE COLORS ARE CORRECT, ONLY SKEPTICAL NOTE WAS THAT THERE WAS NO RETRO CARD IN THE BOX, BUT FROM WHAT I REVIEWED  THAT THIS IS NOT A DEFINITIVE STATEMENT TO SAY A JORDAN IS FAKE, AND THE BOX IS LEGIT!", "Shoes are deceptively narrow and tight.  Very uncomfortable.", "This has been the worst Basketball shoe I ever purchased.  Two weeks after receipt several of the plastic black areas had unglued.  The orange sole had separated.  I had bought other Lebron editions and were great, but the quality of this one is horrible.", "RIDICULOUSLY TOO SMALL!!! The 11 fits like an 8!!!!!  These shoes do not even come close to fitting like a size 11.", "Wore these 10 times and had a rip on the outsole of the foot above a seam. Very disappointed in this product.", "The product was not the quality that I I expected from Nike. The shoes are uncomfortable. I will wear them anyway but will not enjoy it to the extent expected.", "Not true to size!  If you are a size 14 you need a 15....", "They run really small and really tight.", "My son been bugging me for these jordans since we seen them in the mall I was not able to find his size anywhere so I headed on line and wala.", "got this shoe can't say if i made the mistake or not but when the shoe reach it was a half size to small, so i'll have to get it sell and see about get thing  another shoe..", "The socks purchased were not the size that I thought they were. The site listed them as OS (one size) but indeed they were not. They are too small for my son and we had purchased two pairs. I notice this is a problem with sellers on the Amazon site.", "This is our 2nd pair, just in a different color of the Nike Junior Mercurial shoes....my son loves these shoes!  It's a style thing and competitive sports thing, but he loves the crazy colors and the Nikes are so well made!", "They weren't new. That is a shame because they were said to be new? Horrible, very very horrible. Don't buy", "I ordered it 11.5 because I have other Nike shoes 11.5.But in this case due to its material (???), I realize I should have ordered 11.00. Unfortunately I used it 3 times otherwise I would have exchanged it", "This review is based on my past experience with Nike soccer shoes. I've always worn a 7.5 mens shoe, and these were unbearably tight. I tried them for a few matches, but they didn't stretch at all. Disappointed!", "There is supposed to be a nike sign on the back this foamposite instead of a star so these shoes are overpriced and FAKE. So save your money.", "Unfortunately, this jersey is poor quality. The Messi letters were peeling off after wearing it for the first time. Not recommended", "Unfortunately, this jersey is poor quality. 2 of the Messi letters were peeling off when opening the package. No invoice slip, no tags, only a foreign address from China. Very disappointing!", "Not sure if it's the brand or the seller. Tried this pair at the store, had no problem. Bought them for over $100. Wore for 10 mins, my ankles are all red. I'm now stuck with this pair. My $100 wasted. Very disappointed.", "Just sent back and they received today will see how the credit is applied to card Ill keep in touch, everything went well so fare!!!!!!!!!", "Used three times. Terrible blister on the heel every time because they dig in to the back of your foot so much. Trashed them.", "I usually buy nike sneakers &#8230;these were very stiff &#8230;.. not what i was expecting  &#8230;. would not recommend at all&#8230;..", "They were small some how but im using them", "I like them a lot. The only bad thing about this shox is that they run a liltle small. Next time I would go for size 11 not 10 1/2.", "I am dissatisfied wit this product because when i received this pair of shoe it was completely the wrong shoe. I received a black shoe and it was not as pictured. The picture show a red airmax 90 premium running shoe and i received a black shoe. Please do not buy from this seller they sent me the wrong shoe.", "Looks awsone! Bought the wrong size (my bad) so i had to return it.", "helloi wanna by one but i dont know what does  b(m) or d(m) mean please can u tell me what does that mean ??my size 42", "Delivered on time. Always like buying Air Force ones. This was a different color I didn't have so I bought them. It's like a teal color. Can't go wrong with a pair of Air Force ones.", "Usually my size is 8.5 inch. But, I select 8 inch, when I purchase nike product. 8 inch is just size for me at this purchasing, too.", "Shoe was uncomfortable and rubs the feet.", "I like them they just was the wrong size I need a 10 wish I can return and get my size.", "This came with my son's glasses.  I did not order this from Amazon. I am very disappointed in this product, as it is broken and completely useless 2 weeks after my son got his glasses.  After spending $300 on his glasses, it is very upsetting for the case to break so soon and now I must buy a new case so his glasses don't get destroyed.  BEWARE if you buy this case.", "The shoes were too small for my son is there anyway I can exchange them?  he's trying to walk now so he needs a Hard soul!", "Very narrow", "FAKE!!! CLEARLY SEE THE POLKA DOTS!!! Don't be fooled by the false advertisement. Don't let your money go bye bye.", "They didn't feel comfortable...they feel as if they need broken in'...I'm trying to wear them and stretch them out...unhappy....grrrrrrr. 130 bucks wasted", "It's a little bit small. Not good. But i am wearing this sandal. But it is too tight and too small.", "FYI - Jordan's for kid usually run small (anywhere you buy them from) so I get a size larger....good luck!", "The laces cut painfully into the top of my foot through the thin, unpadded cloth of the tongue, and that was with fairly thick socks on pacing in the living room. Walking down hill would have been hell. Poor functional design, all style, no brains. Returned them.", "Shoe feels like cardboard, too stiff.", "These shoes are sooo sick.  Definitely worth selling all of my teeth, one of my eyes, and one of my lungs for.", "If you're a savvy shopper like me, you'll spring for the $2500 upgrade and skip the base model pair.  For only an additional $600 bucks you get bragging rights that you spent $2500 on a pair of Nike's.  It's a no-brainer to me and if you don't buy them right now you're stupid and poor.", "two weeks ago I was going to sell one of my kidney to buy a iphone 5s(gold), but after I saw this pair of sneaker online, I changed my mind. I am going to sell both of my kidneys to buy these beautys. now Im in the hospital looking at this foam. I can see my kidneys are flying in the galaxy. now I just have to wait until my body heal so that I can wear my foams on the street, I want people to know you can trade your ugly kidneys with these eye candys. Tell me your r jealous bro", "Like this boot as replacement for dressier chukkas to wear to work or out for a casual evening.  Got an extra pair of socks with the order.", "You can buy the shoe cheaper on finish line .com. I was not happy when I seen that it was cheaper at finish line because I could of just ordered finish line gift cards and saved money.", "Shoes were stated as &#34;New&#34; they were NOT new....upsetting to say the least. Dirty and slightly used. Should get done type of discount", "Im disappointed the 11 size wasnt like the 11 in the airmax 2013 :(i always wear 11 in nike now im affraid from the online shopping again", "Shoes were too big - you need to go half a size smaller in these. Bummed that I have to pay sjipping to return them and the don't do exchanges. They don't even have my size so it's not even like I can re-order them... :(", "I will NOT order these expensive shoes for a 6 yr old EVER again", "These are the cleats that my son really wanted but they started to lift and separate at the toe part after only 2 practices and 2 games... Very disappointed! Not a good cleat.", "these cleats sucked so bad that they fell of my foot every time i took a shot. the ball control is terrible and they fell apart in my hands. they are metallic on the outside and are very narrow. DONT GET THESE CLEATS", "Somewhat narrow but i'll wear it anywhere,perfect for narrow feet individuals.", "These shoes are the shit", "Shoe looks like it had been worn once or twice. A few skid marks on random parts of the shoes. They aren't horrible but they don't look brand new. Disappointed for sure. Will be returning.", "Horrible shoe.It's too narrow on the toes.Waste of moneyimpossible to useStay away from this shoe, unless your feet is narrow", "Wrong size an terrible. Fabric. Start peeling da second wk I bought it jus mad but they are cute on line", "Too long and narrow, don't like them.now I iwn a pair of $130. Shoes that I won't wear:(", "And saw these....These are the ugliest shoes I've ever seen.  I look forward to a review from anyone insane enough to actuall buy them.", "These are fake. Do not buy these shoes. This is a scam, I can tell if my shoes are real or fake and these are a copy of the real Roshe Runs! Scams and fakes for these are coming out everywhere now... DO. NOT. BUY!!", "These shoes are a size and a half too small.  My husband always wears a 13 and we ordered these in a 13.  He could hardly even get them on.  Way too small.", "This shoes are not originals this is bad because i pay a lot for this product they send me the shoes in a plastic bag...", "Shoe feels fake very bad quality :( I walk n it makes like a weird plastic noise if that makes sense I rather pay for quality real shoes . P.s one of the tongues of the shoes is way longer then the other :("]