["the colour i received is not blue as shown but yellow.Couldnt change it because it was a birthday present for my daughter and havent got time.She really didn,t like it", "Very cute and is really practical. Fits better on smaller wrists which is my case. I wear them everywhere. I really love this watch!", "The watch was exactly what i ordered and I got it very fast. Unfortunately it was a bit too big for my wrist.  I returned it for a refund without any problems.", "This product came promptly and as described, pleasure doing business with them!-d", "Why isn't Nike making these anymore?  I love this watch, and I get a lot of compliments, questions from people who would like to have one as well.", "good price, very good material and excellent design, very useful for traveling, totally recomendation this use this product, to buy this", "I mean, Roxy rocks, but I'm kinda dissapointed with the material. The purse lokks a lil' bit cheap.", "I love this watch, i use every day, every where, to work, to go to the gym, pool, sports, etc. Evething,everywhere, all the time. so Good !", "I totally love this watch. It is much nicer and more beautiful than I thought when I bought it for a very fair price.", "when it arrived, it had a dead battery--SO, I had to invest in a new battery before I could guarantee that the watch was in working order!  Luckily, it was--and now I happily wear it as my \"go-to\" watch.  I love this bangle style--so comfy!", "I own three of these watches. They are perfect for an active lifestyle, water resistant, a chron to time runs or other pursuits, close fitting and sleek so it never gets in the way. I have it in pink and black but this turquoise is my favorite - a great pop of color. They come in different sizes so be sure to get the one that's right for you. Highly recommend this product.", "This watch is ideal for a person with a very small wrist.  Looks very nice but is light green not camo, looks more like yellow on my wrist.  Good watch for a young girl.", "I've had several of these watches in various colors and love them. The picture is very misleading.  It is not multicolored, just a nice translucent green. The watch arrived with a dead battery, but Amazon very nicely reimbursed me for the cost of a new battery and now it's running perfectly.", "This is a great little watch for the price. I wear it to work and get lots of compliments. I am tempted to buy it in different colors now :D", "I had great hopes for this watch as I wanted a funky cool change for spring-- the colors do not contrast as much as the photo depiction: I thought it would be really bright yellow swirled with green, but the colors were much more subdued.The description does say 'small ladies..', but I wish there had been dimensions and a picture of it on a model wrist-It's a very tiny watch, but the fit is fine. I just didn't care for it when I realized how small it was on my wrist.", "Very nice watch for a teenager, it has a pretty blue backlight and looks so nice when you wear it.", "I purchased this for one of my teenage daughters as she has small wrists and really liked the look of this watch. It fits very well if you have a small wrist and like cuff type watches. She's very happy with it.", "This is my third Nike Presto watch.  It is easy to use and extremely easy to put on and take off.  The color is a purply pink and the glitter is not too overbearing.", "I've found this watch very nice for a really good price (I needed it fast, so shipment was almost 50% of the watch cost), considering it is a Nike. According to my wife (the one who is using it) it's very comfortable, keeps time OK and the backlume is good (pushing the crown). It's not easy to pull the crown to set time, but not impossible if you have good nails. Anyway, you'll need to do that twice a year. After buying this one, I've bought another one in different color.", "This is a beautiful watch, bigger than I thought it would be, which made me happy. The back light works very well, the shine/glitter it has is beautiful, it doesn't look like too much. It is easy to put on and take off, perfect for workouts. The only bad thing I have to say about this product is that the lifespan of the rubber pieces at the end of the band is Very short and you have no way of getting a replacement, because they are not sold separately. I took mine off and I wear the watch with no rubbers at the ends, its not that ugly you cant even tell actually. All the same Im happy with my purchase, I would recommend it.", "Hello good evening, excellent product quality, comfortable, nice, good wreck 100% recommend them very beautiful, I gusta.soy of Venezuela v", "i have owned one of these nike presto before and i have been thinking of buying a new one. i love these watches! they are so fashionable and i could just collect them in all the colors they have! they last long and work good!", "First I have bought these watches in black colour for myself. I loved them! Then I decided to buy and present them to my friend. She liked these watches very much too! They are very fashionable and stylish!", "This is a great watch.  It is comfortable and waterproof.  I wore out the first one and purchased the exact same one.  Great Product and I always get compliments.", "About the price and product itself I have no complaints - it is nice, different, stylish, but it does not last much, it stopped working after a while of use, like 4 or 5 months.- Just like that, it was not the batteries, I dont know.-Still for the price is OK what it lasted to me.-", "I love this watch.  Easy to wear to work and for every day. It is a great watch.  I wish Nike still was making it.", "I am allergic to metal clasps so this bracelet type works well for me.  This Nike line was discontinued and I am so disappointed - I have several different colors in this type - the only problem I have had is that the rubber clasps tend to dry out and split so the watch is unusable. But in Phoenix lots of plastics dry out quickly!  I have had many great comments from people who like them.  This one was very expensive - but the last one I saw available - so it is probably the very last one I'll purchase.Need another bracelet watch without a metal clasp.", "I had this watch for exactly 12 DAYS, exactly. I liked the features and the size and weight etc. It was just what I wanted. Until today when I smacked the watch accidentaly against an metal door frame at work and all the buttons stopped functioning! I got home and removed the battery, then tried to reset the watch following the manufatures instructions. No good. But because I bought it for very little it's cheaper to buy a new one than to try to get this one fixed! Not the kind of durability I was exspecting from a name brand. So call me just slightly disapointed with the product.", "Nike Oregon Series Digital Super Watch - Black/Black - WA0024-001I purchased watch as a gift and my husband loved it great price and super fast shipping", "I love the styling of this watch. It is NOT a woman's watch though! I bought it for my wife and kept it for myself when it arrived. Great styling - people comment on it all the time. The band is a pain to take off. Recommend.", "I'm on my 4th watch... I keep returning it due to poor design.  The band keeps coming apart in the same spot!  Nike hasn't been helpful when I've been in contact with them.  Now, I'm on my 4th watch and something funking is going on with the face of this watch and I've brought it in to a jeweler to have the battery changed.. TWICE and it's still acting up.  I wouldn't purchase another NIKE watch.", "I've had this watch for about a year and a half, and for a long time, I really loved it. The best things about it are:1. Comfortable band. It's rugged, but flexible.  And it has a great strap-end keeper that fixes to the end of the strap so you never have to adjust it.2. Distinctive styling. With the large, circular bezel, it has a real distinctive, minimalist style.3. Good functions.  It has all the functions you'd want in a basic digital watch.But there have been some major problems with the build quality on this watch.  Two of the buttons have stopped working.  The illumination button stopped working pretty shortly into the life of the watch.  It wasn't the worst thing in the world, as I never really needed the illumination function.  I assumed it was a fluke, so I didn't send the watch in.  Then one of the other buttons stopped working, so now I can't reset the time on the watch.  It's useless now.  And I wasn't rough on the watch . . . the buttons just stopped working suddenly.At such a cheap price, I'm not expecting the world.  But I think the buttons should last longer on a watch like this.  I wouldn't recommend buying it.", "This is the second watch like this I have purchased and both are awesome.  The watch is very comfortable and durable.  I would highly recommend the Oregon series watches.", "This shirt is of good quality and logo of the team is large and striking.", "This was a bday gift for one of my family members, who is of course a flyers fan. It got to him in good timing and he really liked it. So that makes me happy.", "I love this watch and have it in a couple of other colors - when I saw I could get a pink one, I figured that was perfect as I'm a breast cancer survivor. (Don't know why the picture is of a purple watch)! The watch arrived quickly and was carefully packaged.  Love it!  Thanks, B", "My GF loves purple and works in the NICU. This watch is perfect for that and she loves it. It comes off easy and cleans up even easier. Highly recommended.", "i had a brown one and wanted another. like the color purple a lot but would prefer the wristband \"holds\"--2 of them on the inside of the wrist-- to be the same color as the watch, rather than light gray.would like them (rubber \"clasps\") to be less noticeable.the brown version had brown clasps which looked better.", "I have problems with metal allergies, and I can't wear most watches. The Nike Presto watches I can wear. They are comfortable, and don't cause a rash when I wear them. I have several in different colors. They are attractive, as well, though I like the blue metallic one the best. Nike doesn't make these watches anymore, nor nothing quite like them, that I've found, so get them while you can.", "I've had this watch for over a year now and wear it daily. I love it and the features it provides.", "I bought this watch for my boyfriend for Christmas. He absolutely loves it and wears it all the time! Thanks", "It is oversized for my wrist. It will be fine to wear around but not for running which is what I bought it for. It bounces around too much.", "Great watch, very comfortable, good size , it fits nice, good color, if you have bigger wrist be aware. Thanks", "i had some problems with this order, the bill didn't arrive with the watch to the p.o. box and it couldn't be sent to my country as it was supossed to, when i finally recieved this watch (after sending several emails to solve the situation) it just didn't work, i had to spent money to fix it.", "I have been buying these Nike runner's watches for decades and love them.  It is always the built-in straps (wristbands) that are the weak links and so necessitate replacement.  In this latest version, I noticed that the strap was too tight relative to the buckle and the slide.  So I put the watch on my workbench and, using a single edge razor blade, CAREFULLY shaved about 1/16 inch from one edge of the strap.  Now the watch goes on and off my wrist easily and, as always, it keeps perfect time.The instructions for setting the watch are a bit complex, but you get used to it.  With a quartz mechanism it keeps better time than a Rolex.", "The product never arrived. The vendor told me it was US postal service issue. The US postal service was of no help. i paid for a product I never received. I won't use Amazon ever again and will advise others the same.", "Im happy with this watch so far. In my type of work I always need a durable watch. I used to be a big timex watch fan, but the last two timex watches I bought were poorly made. My father bought me a timex when I was 15 and the watch was great. I had to replace the straps twice before the watch became obsolete. Then I decided to buy another timex. hence my comment on the last two timex watches I bought. So far this watch is great. The display is huge and is also easily seen at night. The alarm is loud and the controls are easy.", "I bought the watch and I used only 2 days I was in the sea and I saw the time the watch was out...I'm from Brazil but here the store don't fix the watch because I bought in USA....so I'm hate...American company make only s***....", "Ok, so I bought this watch for my Dad for his birthday.  Little did I know that it would come without a battery! Who sells a watch without a battery?! Really?! Then I had to go through the hassell of going to the store, paying the over-priced jewelry guy for a battery. I haven't had the best experience with this watch...However, once I put a battery in it, it works well and the numbers are nice and big and it's pretty user friendly to figure out which buttons control/set which features.", "I was looking for a heart monitor watch and this one doesn't have this function! But for amateur runners like me it's perfect! It has chrono function and stores laps data! It just fits my demand!!! When I become a frequent runner I'll go for the heart monitor!", "I used to have the same watch before but I lost it , so I ordered it through Amazon as I like it so much. very practical, light & good looking for the daily use. but one thing you have to consider before purchasing it ( for this model I mean ) your wrist have to be thin, otherwise you should go with the bigger size model", "The watch is great! Came in a few days and was in brand new condition, as expected.", "This watch is sporty, lightweight, easy to take on and off.  I'm a nurse and wash my hands often so it is truly perfect.  I only wish the second hand was darker (and therefore more visible) which is why I rated it 4 stars.", "Watch was very small and barely fit my 6 year-old daughter's wrist.  And she has a small frame!  Strange.", "I enjoy the convenience of this watch! It is very easy to slip on and off and the glo feature is very bright!The thing I am not so mucha  fan of , is the little grippy parts at the end of each \"arm\" are coming loose. If they arent there then how will the watch stay in place?", "Shortly after purchasing my first Nike watch, I ended up in hospital and then wasn't able to use my right arm for a long time. The design allowed me to  put on and remove the watch easily . I am now so hooked on this design because it also allows me to check the time ,without turning on any room lights,  if I wake up at night. After normal  wear and tear, I repurchased the same model but had to have it sent to in-laws living in the States. The cost was 1/3 of what I would have paid in Canada.Needless to say, the delivery time was 3 days!!!Thanks again, Marlene Eelnurme", "I have very small wrists and the bracelet-style of this watch is a great solution. It's comfortable, looks good (not like most sporty watches that all look like men's watches), and doesn't fall off during my gym routine. It is loose, though, so it moves around.Right now, I just need to find replacement batteries for it.", "This watch is great because it's different, comfortable, and simple.  It doesn't have a timer or anything, but it is great for everyday use.  The smooth design keeps you from scratching anyone with it on.  It has come down in price a considerable amount, making it well-worth the price.", "This Nike women's watch has got to be the most comfortable watch I've ever had. You barely notice it's on your wrist, so lightweight and such a great fit. No fumbling with a buckle...it just slips on your wrist with ease. The face of the watch is easy to read, keeps good time, and I have gotten so many compliments on it. This beautiful quartz watch goes with every outfit from dressy to casual. The Nike swoosh right on the watchface really makes it look classy. A smart purchase, and a great price. It's about time you get this watch!", "It's a great watch. I bought a Nike watch about a month earlier, loved it and bought this for a friend. Amazingly sleek, sporty, dressy and elegant, not to mention the fantastic price we got it at (do wait and check out for price variations).Couldn't have asked for more! :)", "The digital numbers were impossible to see I don't know if there was something wrong with the watch but the glare was terrible.  I sent this watch back.", "I've had this watch for 4-5 years now and have worn it daily for 2 yrs/alternating with other watches for the rest of the time.  The painted front has some wear, a few scratches on the face, and the band is now cracking (looking for another one).  The display has been blinking for about a year -- and the backlight works 70% of the time.  I'm sure this needs a new battery but it is such a great watch I hate to open the back and risk it not being watertight.  I have been scuba diving multiple times with it on -- up to 120' easy to read with the light at depth -- nothing but good things to say about this watch. Oh yeah -- my nieces and nephews love this watch (2.5yrs and younger) -- the light and other buttons keep them entertained for hours.  Great workhorse of a watch.", "My last watch was a nike digital but when I took it to get the battery replaced the jeweler forgot to replace the water barrier and I ended up frying it in our pool. I loved that watch so much so that I ended up going with this Nike to keep it all in the family.It's alot bigger than the other but it has alot more features as well, I have tiny wrists so the bulk does bother me a bit. The features outweigh it though.The compass is self calibrating and I must say that it worked fine for me on a city street as well as a mountain, though I did find that I had to recalibrate it if I moved too far away from when I first set it. It only takes a moment though and was pretty darned accurate compared to my compass.The altimeter worked fine for me too, but I've only used it once while mountain climbing.I'm a runner and I use this watch only sparringly for that since its pretty large. It does have a nice Crono feature for it though.Overall a fine watch! Would certainly recommend.", "Do check out the size when you order. A lot of Nike watches on amazon don't mention the size- so check carefully for small, medium or large size. I chatted with a Nike watch representative from their website and he told me the measurements for small, medium and large. The ONLY reason for 4 stars. Else, the watch by itself is 5.The rubber edges initially looked dumb- but I can see why they used it- they make the watch easier to wear and resistant to wear and tear around the ends. They don't bother me anymore.. :)The glass bangle finish is great and did I mention I love the colour- a deep blackish blue.PS: The large watch has a rather large dial and the overall look is very stylish.", "Great look, fit very well , you won't remember you have it until you need it , unisex, my wife and me both have used it", "Recieved in good shape and when expected.  Just that the mens size was smaller than I expected.  But still pleased with the purchase.", "I got this watch for my wife she loves it when she runs..  one thing wrong about this product is that the watch face has a yellow cast to the face. Sometimes hard to read time.. You must tilt the watch to see the time without yellow cast. Over all a great watch...", "I Love this watch.  My only problem is it's fit.  I have very small wrists.  I wish there was a way to adjust the fit a little tighter.  Right now I wear it kind of like a bangle bracelett.  I'm not sure if that was how it was intended to be.  I still Love the look.  Sporty and simple.  I've wore it dressed up and casual.  I totally recommended this watch...excepted if your not looking for bracelett type fit.", "First off, the bad. It is a heavy watch, not great for running with (wear one on each wrist?), playing the bongos, or hammering (I guarantee that it will leave bruises!) Take it off if you plan to do alot of clapping, too.That said, the watch is wonderful. I have ruined about 5 Triaxes with the rubber bands (and the bands are hard to find and not cheap.) Suprisingly comfortable once you get used to the weight. Versatile - two time zones, power saver (3 years on one battery), lighted, multiple timers (one for the dishwasher to avoid the dry cycle, one for my daughter's piano practicing, etc.), two alarms. Takes a beating! Both the watch and band are tough - like remove tile from the bathroom walls and floors tough - and it still cleans up very nicely. I have scratched the case a bit staggering into bare concrete walls with a ladder and such, but the watch still gets compliments. The crystal shows no scratches. I have been swimming many times in the ocean with it and it hasn't complained or drowned.I took off a star because of the weight, and the fact that it isn't a Rolex.", "The best think about this watch is the steel bracelet...I love nike watchs they're very good, i've 4 nike watchs and they're all good...You can certainly buy this wach you won't regret...I think thats it", "Perfect size gym back for a typical gym locker.  Can hold a pair of sneakers, pants/shorts, towel, and shirts.  Has one compartment for all your shower needs.", "Is my first Nike watch and i love it! Love the color, so easy to put and take it out, it works perfect!", "I like the features this watch offersBUTIt's a pain to set as well as it keeps losing time, so I guess I need a battery.Also the snug band takes a bit of time to get use to.", "I love the Nike Presto watches. I currently own three of them in both digital and analog.  It is extremely comfortable and I love that it doesn't have the traditional buckle.  I bought a digital one for my mother who has a hard time seeing an analog watch.  The digital screen is very easy to see, especially for a small sized watch.  I wish Nike would keep making these wonderful watches.", "My wife wears this watch all the time and it never catches on her clothing or anything else she is reaching for.  When it's bedtime for our son, she is able to check the time without turning on the bright lights.  Great find.", "The band may last 12 months or 36 months - thats been my experience - but I keep coming back cause the watch feels good and does what I need.", "This watch is very cute. It is described as being a petite watch but that is a polite word for saying it is a children's watch. I am not sure why Nike chose to make such a small band width. Even if you are very petite you might want to try to find this in a store to try on before ordering online.", "This is the first watch I've ever found that actually fits my wrist!  It doesn't slip or slide or need any links taken out.  An eye-catching red it's so light weight and durable.  There are those of us who have very small wrists.  If you are one, this watch is perfect!!!", "This is a really great watch if your into sports. It looks cool and it slips right on like a cuff. There even is a feature if you jog at night the numbers light up with the press of a button. Only draw back is the two plastic pieces at the end of the cuff wear easily and give out way before the watch does.", "I am 5'2 and petite and this watch fits my wrist perfectly. i have a hard time finding watches that i dont need to get links taken out of and bracelets are even worse, so i was ecstatic to find this which is great. I have had more compliments on this watch than any other! It's great! I think the above reviewer is just a fatty. It's waterproof, it has a stopwatch, and it has a useless little screensaver thing which is fun to show off.edit: after 2 years, this watch pooped out on me. The time started getting off, so I took it to a jeweler and he changed the battery. It didn't work and I had to throw the watch away. Now I can't find this style anywhere and I've basically gone a year without any watch at all. I really wish Nike would make more of these. Beware of buying fakes online. Nike only made these for about 3 years and some of the colors I've seen were NOT released by Nike. If you read some of these reviews, they have complaints like the face falling off, condensation inside of the screen, and these are only problems with the fake ones. I never had any such problem with the real thing. Maybe if everyone starts requesting nike make more of these they will do it!", "These watch has bought for its girlfriend. Such accessory not to find in Russia, Alas Nike does not trade. When she has got and parcel of land, they seemed very small and on baby hand. But each woman paid attention to her hand and I caughted the glances of the mans on her hand. The Product perfect, reliable, stylish. The Price funny, quality excellent. Will Suit for any young girl, which concerns with the sport and active rest. You may be calm for her watch and beauty.Alex", "I have had 6 of these watches I like them very much. They have been discontinued and are hard to fine.The only problem was it stopped working a few days after I bought it. I replaced the battery and I am now happy with the purchase", "i think is a really good product for a low price", "i bought it this christmas as a gift for a close friend..she liked it very much coz it really looks nice but in less than a month, this friend emailed me saying that she needs to buy a new battery for the watch i gave her bec it bogged down, which embarrases me coz she was using it for like less than 3 weeks!now she thought it might be the batteries..we don't know yet the cause of it bogging down but i'm thinking of returning it so it can be replaced..maybe you guys could check first little details like those so as not to have customers be discouraged of purchasing from you again.", "I bought this for my 16 year old cousin, and I am sure it is going to be the perfect gift for her ...Pros1) Looks a lot better in real than in the pic..2) The watch material is very good quality , Not quality cheap plastic..3) The packing is very good, and that makes this more attractive as a gift.Cons.Nothing obivious.", "This watch is awesome but I barely got it and the display screen fell off!!! makes me mad.", "When I started running I thought this would be a good item to monitor my performance.  However in a very short time I realized that I needed something more so I purchased a Garmin Forerunner 305.  I would recommend the later for any serious runner.", "....If you want a watch that looks CHEAP, this is it!.....and it's so small for being a man size watch", "I've had this watch for a very long time..possibly around 5 years.  Some water got into it recently so I haven't been using the watch as much.  Nevertheless, this is definitely worth the purchase.", "This is a great watch. It has so many features, but usable ones. I love that I can fall asleep with it on, but the face is dark until I back light it. Perfect for my lifestyle.", "Bought as a gift for my running daughter.  Directions are challenging and she's not thrilled with the color...", "I've had it for over a year now, and it's running strong, it's taken a beating on sports, cycling, basketball, drinking binges, beach, rivers, lakes, and it's still pretty much unscathed, not a scratch, not even a battery change.", "I have owned this Nike watch for 7 months. Don't waste your money.  The black bubber wrist band had separated from the body at the rear battery cover. The entire rubber/plastic hinge had cracked. This wrist band is not replaceable. A sports watch should be made rugged. This one is not. Lesson learned is to buy a watch which has a standard replacable wrist band.", "Just as expected. This pair is perfect for work and are very comfortable. Great price and great product. Very nice.", "Too tight which makr it uncomfortable, I think the size may not be accurate. Esthetically it is not bad. But it fit weirdly in my feet", "They seem like super-cheap Chinese shoes. Not usual Nike quality. First of all, I normally wear 10.5s and got these in that size - they are WAY too tight. Quality seems thin and flimsy. Next time I'll spend more and get either higher model Nike or a different brand.", "They are very comfortable and I've gotten lots of compliments from people. If you're looking for a good trainer or just a comfortable shoe to wear look no further.", "Normally my friend wears a size 11, so I bought these the same size even though I knew it's tricky to buy shoes online, and the result is you could fit an entire thumb in the back of the shoes once he tried them on, so be careful about that, otherwise, great purchase!", "I'm a valet attendant, and since I'm running all the time, I go through running shoes pretty quickly. I went Through 4 pairs in a year before I bought Nike's, and this one has been the best so far! really comfortable, fits great, I feel like I can run on these a whole shift!", "After wearing these for about a month I can say a few things:Pros:- The shoes look fantastic and appear durable (no front flap to come unglued for one)Cons:- While these appear breathable, compared to my Pegasus Air 28+, they are a far cry.  Your feet get quite hot (and sweaty) on long walks or runs.- No wide widths available.  More of a personal choice, but I prefer wide-width shoes.  I thought I could get away with these or get used to them, but after going back to my Pegasus Air 28+'s I realize it's just not even close to as comfortable a shoe.These will likely sit in my closest until a garage sale because I waited too long to return them.  I want to like them, I love the way they look, but in the end, it's comfort that matters most in a shoe and this quite frankly, wasn't a comfortable shoe for me.", "bought these for supportive shoes after our daughter had ankle surgery. Great fit, great price, seem to be holding up well!", "awesomeeee shoes they are really comfortable and beautiful, They are one of my best collection of shoes, you are a bomb with this pair.", "Great shoes, received in excellent condition. Got a .5 size larger for a better fit. They fit fantastic and are very durable. Definitely recommend as an outdoor running shoe", "Is is a good shoe, I was playing football and I needed something comfortable for when we ran sprints and miles. Good fit and very comfortable.", "Received these shoes and instantly fell in love.  They fit perfect and look amazing!!!  I've gotten more compliments on these than any other shoes I've had and plan on getting more.  The only complaint... they are not the highest quality shoe as they price would entail... but after 1 week the inside swoosh logo started to peel off.  Yep... the white swooshes are iron on and are susceptible to falling off.  Going to exchange for a new pair and hopefully they don't do the same.", "I really like the Nike Revolution 2 shoes. I run an average of 3 miles a day and have no complaints about this line. Great shoes for the price!", "This shoe is a nice looking shoe. It just runs small. Money wasted. No more buying shoes online for me.", "fit somewhat tight but as expected! great buy, fast shipping and cheap price.", "My teenage son is a fan of Nike shoes.  I myself do not buy Nike footwear but he thinks they are very comfortable, stylish and this color of gray hides a lot!  They will look new for quite some time due to the nice dark gray color!", "good product", "My dad loved his father day gift. Perfect size, color and style. He wears them everyday. He said it feels like his walking on water.", "I was a little hesitant about buying sneakers online, fearing I might end up with some fakes. But nah these are legit, good build, good quality. COLORS look great together and they are so light. Recommend these sneakers. Stylish and great for running.", "Since I purchased goods I need in Amazon, I think everything is good except COMBO SET YONEX Badminton. It should be arrived October 31. Because I did not receive it, I have to change my weekend plan.", "The size was not right, but I would have returned them anyway as they arrived laced up, with sock fuzz in side, and soles a bit dirty...one had a small pc of gravel imbedded.  Gross.  I got someone's returned, slightly used shoes.Merry Xmas?  Ugh....", "Looked better than i expected it fit wonderful and very cumffy u should buy best shoe good price why not", "I have a lot of pairs of running shoes, and these are a nice addition to my collection. To me, they feel like a more casual shoe, than a pure running shoe, so I wear them to the gym when I'm going to loft. I use my Ascics or Pumas to run in.Shoe is well constructed and looks great. Size may run a fraction small. I wear a ten and a half,but probably should have got an eleven.A really nice shoe that is well worth the money.", "My husband said they are very comfortable and easy to walk in, which he does a lot of. They also look really nice on him. Great buy!", "They are very comfortable, they look exactly the same in the picture. My son was very happy and will buy another pair later.", "I bought these at Academy sports for $50. The first day they were tight and I thought I was going to have to return them. I have a somewhat wider than average foot and they were out of the wide shoe in my size. So I got them anyway. They loosened up and fit perfect after a couple days. I wear them at work for 12 hours a day. I move furniture for a living and go up and down stairs all day. My feet feel a lot less tired compared to the cheaper shoes I usually buy.Pros: Lightweight. Breathable. Durable. Good grip even in the rain. Fair price for a well made shoe.Cons: Only comes with a red tongue, not a big deal but wish it were black or grey so I didn't have to coordinate my uniform as much. Not a big deal but still. Not quite as breathable as my last pair of Filas. I could feel the wind blow through them and not so much with the Nike's.  But my feet do not sweat as bad as similar running shoes.I wear the shoes with a pair of Fila toe socks made for their skeletoe shoes and my feet are comfortable all day. I highly recommend these shoes for work.", "These shoe gives good support for short distance running. I usually use this when I do less than 5 miles. They are very comfortable and provide excellent protection against pounding on the pavement. For longer distance, I will recommend the lunarglide (below) insteadhttp://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B008E0U3ZK/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&camp;=1789&creative;=390957&creativeASIN;=B008E0U3ZK&linkCode;=as2&tag;=nealo10a-20", "I need to get a bigger size. I usually wear a 10 1/2 but these are very tight. I need to get them replaced with a larger size.. the shoes look awesome. I wish they fit..", "I bought a Size 11 (D) from Dicks and it was too narrow for my feet. I had to return it back. If you have wide feet, make sure you dont order these as they come very narrow.", "The fit and overall feel of these shoes are fantastic !! I would buy they again and recommend them to my friends as well", "Shoes are too small. Understand that there is a free return.  How do we go about returning them and getting credit?", "These shoes are great for exercising even running if that suits you. Great support, durable and my other half has had no exercise associated pain with these.", "These are really comfortable shoes. I've been needing new shoes and although they didn't fit as well as my other shoes of the same size I'm pleased with what I got.", "Very nice shoes...my son loved the color and comfort and the lite weight. Would recommend this shoe to everyone  that's looking for a nice running shoe.", "I got these for my husband and he liked them. Theyre a lot lower than expected at the ankle, He thought they would be slightly higher. The material is not one you can get dirt off easily but looks nice, theyre very comfortable and shipped out super fast! Overall good shoes for the price!", "I ordered a 9.5 but when I tried them on they felt like a size ten I lay awake in regret wonder what could have been... other than its a pretty decent running shoe.", "I found this running shoe to be pretty comfortable and solid.  It's a little on the heavy side but is good for the casual runner and is pretty cheap.  Nike runs small, but I knew that ahead of time from other shoes so that was no problem.", "Nike Men's NIKE REVOLUTION 2 RUNNING SHOES 11 Men US (BLACK/WHITE/VARSITY). I use them to go to the gym every day and the quality is superior from other running shoes. They are extremely light.", "excellent quality, are accurate to the picture showing, Super Light, wonderful finish, ideal for walking barefoot seems to cushion the impact, recommended 100%", "Stylish, great fit. Wish the one in the orange trim wasn't so expensive (and what's this all about that different colors have different prices?) One thing- if you've been wearing poorly fit / too large sneakers and then you put on a shoe that's the correct size, expect to have to get used to it. ;)", "I love everything about these shoes, the color and how comfortable they fit. Just order 1/2&#34; more since they run a bit small. Other than that, fantastic. First product I give five stars.", "Now, with Nike shoes make sure to add a half size i.e. If you are 8.5 then order a 9.  These shoes are light, really comfortable with great heel cushioning, and they look great. Perfect for jogging, gym, cross training, or going out. Very happy with my purchase", "I love hess shoes. I do Taebo and run daily. These shoes are really light weight and can take a beating. They are really good!", "Good", "super comfy! best shoes I've bought in quite some time! nice and light, good breathability and comfortable right out of the box- no breaking in required!", "My boyfriend really love it,Those are a comfortable pair of shoes, really soft like a cloud on your feet", "Stylish, great fit. Wish the one in the orange trim wasn't so expensive (and what's this all about that different colors have different prices?) One thing- if you've been wearing poorly fit / too large sneakers and then you put on a shoe that's the correct size, expect to have to get used to it. ;)", "We were hoping to get a decent pair of NIKE's for the kid at a good price. These are not them. They look a little nicer in the picture, but they are poor quality. I didn't know NIKE has a junk shoes line.These are OK for about three weeks.", "very good, I am very satisfied with my purchase, recommended. compren sin duda.compren sin duda.compren sin duda.compren sin duda.compren sin duda.", "very good tennis, I love the nike brand is very good quality and presentation. I recommend it. would return to buy this brand.", "I ordered a half size larger than I wear in a dress show and I am not sure this large enough, had not had time to wear around the house to try out as I got them just before leaving on a trip where I wanted to wear them, but on first trying them out of the box I felt they were too small. I will try again before deciding to keep or return", "The price was perfect and the shoes are very confortable. The packaging was in perfect conditions. It is a very reliable product.", "Can't really complain about these shoes - they were relatively cheap, comfortable and semi-stylish.. I'd definitely buy another pair of these when they wear out.", "I gave these shoes 5 stars because I really like the way they look and feel, very comfortable and very light weight, I'm not into running, I just like something comfortable on my feet and they also look good, I would recommend these shoes to anyone who likes a quality walking or running shoe at a reasonable price.", "perfect", "I am pretty active after my 9-5 with wight lifting, running, circuit traing and these shoes have been put through a lot in a few months and are still in great shape.  Nike Rev 2 are extremeley comfortable and look great, which is an added bonus.", "This shoe is inaccurately sized at 11 1/2 - too small. I should have returned them, but thought they would have stretched. They did, but not enough. Wearable, but not quite right. Have bought dozens of running shoes at 11 1/2 size (I wear an 11 street shoe) and this one is way on the left end of the bell curve of fits.", "Very nice fit and comfortable.  Some zzNike different styles run bigger.  This style fits good.  Color is great and tjlhe shoe is nice and light.", "I FOUND THESE AND ORDERED THEM IN 2 DIFFERENT COLORS. MY SON LOVED THEM&#8230;THE PRICE WAS GREAT. HE LOVES THE FIT. THEY ARE LIGHTWEIGHT AND COMFORTABLE. I WILL DEFINITELY BE ORDERING MORE...", "IT DOES NOT FEEL GREAT RUNNING COMPARES TO SHOES WITH SHOCKS . IT FELT FLAT LIJE WEARING SANDALS. BOO BOO", "Did not fit so they have  been returned as of Nov.27 2013. Waiting for confirmation that they have recieved. to large.", "The fit is excellent.  The style is great.  It is just the shoe for my workouts in the neighborhood. Now for ice melting on the sidewalks.", "These are pretty good shoes. I ended up getting the Black and Red ones in size 11. They fit well lengthwise but a little on the narrow side. Bought them elsewhere since they were a little cheaper than on here.", "I went into this purchase blind and just hoped that it would work out.  I was more than pleasantly surprised.  These shoes are great and I love the fit. I have wide feet and it didn't matter.  They fit perfect.  I bought these for running shoes but they look great for casual shoes as well. I'd highly recommend.", "Nice confort , perfect size and incredible soft to run.the timing was pefect and the model is veru beautiful and classic", "I got totally pleased about this. I recommend it, on time like they said and everything was ok. Very good!", "Purchased as a gift.  Shoe fit very comfortably.  Recipient LOVED them.  Found new faith in buying shoes online.  Thanks.  Love it", "what I expected", "I them them very much, although they are a tad small, I think the next size bigger would have been too big.", "It was great and my son was happy with his new Nike revolution shoes 10.5 men white color bought in amazon", "I wore them within ten minutes of delivery.  Normally I don't do that, but they looked &#34;cool&#34;, so I did.They fit great and have good arch support.  As I am writing this, I think I'll see about getting a second pair.I know it won't take long and it's cheaper than the stores I was at.", "Awesome just what I ordered nike always has the best shoes Adidas suck because the are not nike quality shoes!", "3E......not the case. These are sized out for a seven year old girl. I am a big sturdy son of a hitch yo.", "Great fit for my feet. Wish they were a little higher but I expect that with running shoes.Love the color also.", "green rubber is already falling off the shoe after 3 months of wearing them comfortable but glue they use for this model is no good", "Just what I expected!", "The color is great, which is what attracted me to these shoes. Comfy & Light.  Nice fit, as always Nike shoes are the best in comfort.  Good job Nike!", "Not to tight fitting, still had space to move foot around. Lightweight with enough air circulation to keep feet cool.", "The shoe looks just as it does in the picture. Nike is always a good brand, so I thought the price was very reasonable. My husband is fairly conservative in his style, and he thought these shoes were perfect. Very happy with this purchase!", "Already owned a pair so when they were getting worn out, one quick stop to Amazon and two days later I had new shoes.  No need to mess with driving all over town looking for my size in a style I liked.Shoes and clothes are hard to buy online, but if you know exactly what you want then Amazon is the way to go.  Would do it again.", "The Nike Revolution 2 is a good shoe for light running days (1-3 miles). I have been training in this shoe for 2 (winter) months. The shoe is light weight, the fit is good, the sole is a little stiff (I like that). The stitching is good and I have not experienced any rubbing points inside the shoe.  I would recommend this shoe to a friend who is looking for a light duty training shoe, also order the shoe a 1/2&#34; larger than your normal shoe size.", "I've only taken these out running about 3 times so far, but I've liked them. They are comfortable and are doing the job so far. They look better than i expected from the pictures. These are a worthwhile running shoe at a great price.", "Nice styling. Like the bright lacings. Seem to be fine when running .Good value for the money. Easy to put on...", "I've gone jogging three times since I got this pair. I wish they were a couple centimeters longer. Otherwise great value.", "I love to run. I run in 5k races 3 out of the 4 seasons a year. i thought that these shoes would be similar to my Nike &#34;dual fusion lite&#34; shoes. they rub at a few toe knuckles on one of my feet and the inside of my foot on the other. this has caused some blisters. they also don't have that spring feeling when i take off. still a nice shoe. i'll check back after a couple of months to see if it gets any better.", "Love the fit and the shoes R all that was expected. Never had so many compliments. Look forward to my next pairThx", "I like everything about them they fit really good I would buy another pair I like them a lot .", "It's tough to find a great running shoe.  I've been told throughout life that asics, new balance, and pumas were ideal.  They're not. Not even the specialty running shoe stores gave me what I needed.  These are inexpensive and simple.  I'm not a long distance runner but for 3 miles a day these are perfect.", "These shoes are pretty sturdy and provide enough support for me (a heavy-ish runner).  Nikes I buy tend to wear out quickly, but these seem solid.", "They fit right my father love them! The are very nice! They are very comfortables for walk! He like them!", "always love the look of nikes but never impressed with performance of shoe.  i think they get cheaper every year .  Very slim shoe with not a lot of cushion.  returned.", "Excellent shoes! Light and sturdy, fit true to size. Recommended.", "Need to get them replace as the shoes run smaller than the size I typically use. Please get back to me on the procedure on how to get them replaced. Thanks", "These shoe gives good support for short distance running. I usually use this when I do less than 5 miles. They are very comfortable and provide excellent protection against pounding on the pavement. For longer distance, I will recommend the lunarglide (below) insteadhttp://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B008E0U3ZK/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&camp;=1789&creative;=390957&creativeASIN;=B008E0U3ZK&linkCode;=as2&tag;=justckem-20", "Son is typically buying Reebok shoes, & this brand is Niko brand, & the sizing was very different - much bigger.", "These felt a bit narrow and I ultimately ended swapping them out for the wider version.The shoes are very comfortable, but with a bit less support than you'd expect in running shoesThe one thing nobody seems to mention about the black/red model is that the insides (red) will bleed all over your socks, permanently staining them, even after months wearing them.", "Fit as expected. So far they are pretty comfortable to run in which is key for me getting out there.", "Bought it for running.. However, for 8.5 size, I feel its little tight and not as per the size.. but it gives good comfort... I suggest if anyone wants to buy the size 8.5 for this model, better take 9.0 size..", "Great shoe .... Better than what I expected! Great fit and also very comfortable! I would recommend to anybody! &#128077;&#128077;", "Ordered these for my son (he outgrew his boys size 7 over the summer!) Ordered a mens 8 and it fits perfectly! These are awesome shoes! I am going to order another pair! Great seller!", "These were true to the size, my husband liked them and the price was right, I would recommend them to people.", "I think my brother gonna like it. So happy that I ordered it, and it is so affordable, I will recommend this one", "It's pretty good even though the size is a little small than i expected. However, It's clean and looks nice", "I love it, it is cool and comfortable. and the size fit as expected. and i claim the mail quickly.", "The shoes are very comfortable and light and they really meet my expectations. Very recommendable for training  and short runnings.", "Very comfortable shoe. Wore these for a half marathon and they were awesome. I would definitely recommend these to others.", "Decent running shoes", "Full disclosure is that I didn't purchase this shoe from Amazon, but I love it so much I wanted to log on and tell others.  I'm not a huge runner, but for the past 10 years have always bought running shoes as my everyday athletic shoes as I love the comfort of them.10 years ago I made a switch over to New Balance shoes and was hooked on them.  Only problem is that over the past year I have been walking to and from work in NYC almost every day logging about 3 miles in them daily.  As many of you probably know NYC is the best place to tear apart your shoes of any type. My last two pairs of New Balance only lasted about a year, and we starting to feel a bit heavy and clunky.  I had been reading great reviews about the Nike sneakers, and literally picked up a pair at a store one day and was surprised at how lightweight they were.I decided to give them a try, and so far (3 weeks) I am very happy with them.  They are extremely light weight, very breathable (they don't make my feet sweat, which I can have a problem with in many shoes), and very comfortable to walk in.  My wife picked these up for me while I was at work, and I was worried that the size 13 would either be too big, or too small (leaning on the too small size since a lot of people were talking about that), however, I would have to say these are a true to size 13.I'll check in to update my review in a few months, but so far these are amazing!The only thing I changed up with the shoes was swapped out the red laces for black laces.  Makes the shoes a little bit more subdued, however the red tongue still has some pop!Excellent buy, especially for the price!", "Because they arrived in perfect conditions, were fit perfect and I like it because they look like I saw them in the picture.", "Great shoes for the price, I work out 5 days a week doing weights and cardio. They are comfortable and cool looking, I received several compliments.", "I didn't know nikes shoes ran a size small. I take the size I ordered in every other brand but it is a size smaller.", "Its a pretty good shoe, to buy if you are looking for a pair of shoes to wear, if you are looking for running or another thing they are to soft. But its a confortable ahoe to wear.. I suggest it to everybody.", "love them they are comfortable, light weight, and the colors are great, i recommend these sneakers to any sneaker lovers...", "good colors and good design, a very fair price, and i feel the shoes very confortables for jogging and walking", "My son is hard to fit with shoes usually being too tight in the width or not fitting just right in the length.  These shoes were a bit hit and fit him just right!", "I have found men's sneakers fit me better than women's (I wear a 13.5 or 14 in women's - I'm 6 feet tall).  These are so comfortable and narrower than some men's sneakers - so they fit me great.", "Good running shoes to consider. It's light and fits well into the feet if you order the correct size. It's &#34;Nike&#34; at the end of the day", "great fit, comfortable, delivered on time. was looking for a comfortable gym shoe for my 15 year old, and these shoes were perfect.", "I really like Nike shoes and clothing. I'm comfortable with the shoes. It is good stuff to buy. I love nike and I wish to get discount from them.", "Just what I needed. A quality shoe, good looking, well built & reasonably priced. the packaging was perfect. No Issues at all will buy again from this vendor, & this type of shoe.", "My son picked these out because of the color and style and he prefers Nike.  Since he has wide feet, we picked out the 4E wide size.  They're very comfortable, he says.  He's worn them every single day for about 3 weeks straight.  He loves them so much he probably would wear them to sleep!", "They are great shoes for me to where anywhere and work in them numerous days a week.  They are nice and comfortable and never hurt my feet.  Great shoes and nice price too!", "Nice shoes!", "Gr8 fit, and feel. gr8 color combinations a very style strong shoe enjoying them. Would like to see more color combinations.", "so far these have worked out although they are a bit tight and I ordered them half a size up so that was weird but other than that I really love these they are light and really an awesome brand I have always liked Nike because of there great quality and low price amazing shoes definitely would recommend them :)", "i really like", "They were a present for my brother, who worn them and found them a little small, thus 4 stars and not 5. So I kept them for myself and the fitted me perfectly, overall very comfortable shoes. Love the colors!", "I can never find cool looking sneakers in wides in 13's.Oh wait i did.These are nice just fit snug.", "These are a good looking pair of shoes, they fit well and feel pretty good and for a good price. My right foot doesn't fit as well but I can't decide if it's due to my feet or the shoe.", "This shoe has been wonderful! Very light and durable and the price was unbeatable! I run three miles a day 5 days,I would highly recommend getting this shoe.", "Very light and comfortable !!!! Great everyday shoe for walking,running. The shoe is so light until you don't know it's on your feet.", "I heard reviews that Nike Revolution was not a commercial success. But when I saw this and read other users' review, I strongly felt like buying a pair. It has been 3 days since I m wearing them and I m loving it. People compliment for the great colors. A good product, if you are looking for running shoes in this range, I say go for Nike Revolution.", "These bitches are bad. Look like I'm in tron or something. I would recommend if you like wearing grays, yaheard", "nike quality, feels and look great ! i use them as a everyday kind of shoes and no regrets whats o ever !", "Very nice shoe and comfortable.", "I love e The colors are very nice. Best quality. Nike is confortable sneakers and is perfect for running. Is very light and fit as expected. The Price is good. I received them on time.Thanks!", "definitively I have not received what I needed color, color were wrong order. when he received my surprise was that they had a different color to the selected.", "Big error on Nike's part, replacing the &#34;Fitsole&#34; mid-price running shoe with this one.  This shoe is too narrow and too tight on the toes and the support is generally more flimsy than the previous mid-price Nike running shoe it replaced.  Switched brands to Asics at the same price and am totally satisfied.", "Awesome product , thanks", "Comfortable, but could be wider through the toes. My big toe on each foot occasionally goes over the sole when changing direction (even walking), which can be rather unpleasant after awhile. Even though I wear a 15 in Nike basketball sneakers, 14 in this style was mostly adequate, and was the proper length.", "i can train for hours and the shoes are still coolone of the best running shoes i had compare to all other brandsi guess nike fits me the best it like they were made for me", "excellent shoes, great quality and service, are as expected and i love this make are comfortable and cool. 100% quality", "I bought these as a gift for my husband, and as soon and he cracked open the box he loved these shoes! When he put them on he loved them even more. You can not beat them for the price and quality!", "I have never had a problem with buying Nike. These are great for walking and running. Very comfortable and great cushioning", "I purchased this as a gift for Christmas so I cannot comment on the shoe as of yet.  But I really like the looks and colors and I think my son will like it too.", "Got em for my hubbys birthday. He loves the darn things, super light weight, comfortable, easy to walk in. He has PAD so make walking on his left leg a whole lot easier.", "No where as good as the Nike air I bought locally for less. Very disappointed  in the shoe.  I have only worn it two times and will not ware them again.", "These shoes have classic Nike good looks and are real head turners - very sharp. This makes a great running shoe. They do tend to run about half a size small so it's best to order slightly larger.", "Good fit!", "It was for my hubby.He love them.His favorite color is red.So now he got red. lol.So try them they are nice and not expensive to enjoy.The simple things.", "I purchased this pair to replace my old trusted pair for training. I really enjoy them as it makes walking very comfortable and they handle my two mile runs very well. I also wore these for my Police Job Standard test and they performed admirably. I never slipped nor lost footing during the test. I would highly recommend these running shoes to anyone.", "I bought these shoes originally for just wearing to the gym and playing tennis in.  But these babies are so stylish and comfortable I often wear them out on the town.", "Just as the title says, it's a great shoe! I need more support for more feet than what a lot of other running shoes nowadays offer (especially in the arch), and this shoe definitely delivers.The seller, shoozforu, is also fantastic and quickly accepted a free return of a larger pair of the same shoe without any questions!", "It's like walking on air. These are so comfortable to wear and I love running in these! I've gotten so many compliments on these shoes as well.", "Good Shoes, meet my expectations, color is right, they are confortable and can be worn at the gym and at play", "I did measure my foot and it was 27 cmi orderd consequently in USA size but it should have been 1/2 size bigger to be perfect", "this product is great nice design of the shoe and fits just right good for running and also for walking", "Its a nice shoes feet exactly.. That was gift of  my brother.. I love the brand NIke...The other one gift to mu husband.. He really like it then say thank several times..His so happy.", "The entire transaction was great, easy to order, quick to ship and arrived faster than expected.  I've owned Nike Revolution running shoes before and while these are okay the do not have the support the previous ones did.  I did spend twice as much on the first ones so I'm not too disappointed and they still work fine.  Don't think I'll order them again.", "Hi thereSize small, I bought another shoe brand Nike.I hope before apologeticThank you very much. . .", "Nice shoe, nice fit, Looks like a tennis ball got murdered to make the laces, so they'll see you coming. Wide Nikes fit me well, I can't wear the regular size, which isn't true for any other company so I was glad to get these in wide.", "Not too big and not to small. Looks like not as the same as I expected, but I think it is not big deal.", "This is a nice watch, cool design, but for a size medium the band is very small! Most of the Nike watches of this design were labelled small or short so I purchased a medium thinking it would work on my 7 inch wrist.  It fits ok but feels a little tight.  I purchased it to use while I'm swimming, so I am going to keep it but if I had to wear it all day I think it would annoy me.  Unless this watch was meant for teenagers and not adults, (in which case they should label it as such!), they should make larger sizes as a lot of women don't have tiny wrists, especially athletes!", "I liked it a lot! I live in Brazil and here cost +- 150,00 dollar..very expensive!", "Great for playing sports or working out. Its small, it does its job, and comfortable.", "Love my new watch!  Just what I was looking for, but at half the price!  ThankX", "I love the Nike Presto Cee watches.  They're really easy to put on and take off and they look great.  My only hitch as an online buyer is that you HAVE TO KNOW WHAT SIZE they are.  It's tough to buy these watches without knowing their size.  The small, for example, is really small.  It fits my wrists which are about 5 1/2 to 6 inches around.", "This Nike Presto Duo watch is perfect for sports or casual wear.  I purchsed this model as a replacement for a stolen red and black model.  I get a lot of compliments on the watch.  It's very original!  It's also light and comfortable to wear at work, at the gym, or out with friends.  The feature I like most is the plastic bangle band.  It doesn't feel uncomfortable when I sweat at the gym and it doesn't slip off when I play tennis.  It's very secure but easy to put on or take off.The model I purchased is a women's petite.  I am very petite and this size fits me well but it is very small!  If you want a loose bangle feel or if you have larger wrists, you'll definately want to buy a women's medium or larger.", "I purchased this watch in pink last year for $30. It is a fantastic watch for that price. On my way to work the band (because it doesn't close all the way) got caught on my purse and broke into two pieces. Now I am shopping for a new watch and would like to purchase this watch, but to charge more than $30 (the price all of these watches were last year) is absurd. IT\"S PLASTIC!!!! I have searched the internet and this watch is either out-of-stock or over $100.  Very disappointing!", "I am really happy with this watch even though i bought it as a gift for my daughter not myself....I decided to keep it since it fits perfectly on my small wrist.  She has a average size wrist and it was too tight and uncomfortable.  I ended up receiving a new watch for myself instead of the gift I had planned on having for her.  That is the only problem with the purchase.  The watch looks and runs great!", "I bought the same watch a few years back for my wife.  She loved it.  Then my dog chewed it up and my wife wanted to buy another just like it.  I don't think Nike makes these watches anymore, but you can still get it from some retailers.", "I love this watch and I wear it from Memorial Day to Labor Day.  I wish I could find it in clear.", "size is extra small, so measure your wrist before buying, you can use something soft like a rope or belt and then apply it to the ruler.my wrist is 5inches/12.5 cm  - it fits very well, can move up or down 2-3 inches, fits 1 extra finger in,  and is comfortable to take off/put on.be careful to not to get it scratched (as you reach inside of a zippered bag etc), the band is clear, so any big scratch or crack will be noticeable.", "I have a small wrist and had to return it.  It is a child size.Stick with the Nike Kylo Cee, more money but much better display too.  The Kylo Cee also has a 2-year warranty so we just got a new one when the band broke.  No hassles via Nike.  Shipped back with copy of purchase date from amazon and had a new one within a week.For a special needs young adult who needs digital and can't do a buckle, the Kylo Cee is it.  Don't waste time & money on anything else.  I did!  Hunt for colors.[...]", "I love the watch, but had to return it, as the band was tiny, not just small. I have a 5 1/2\" wrist, and it dug into my skin, it was so tight.", "It was just a little deceiving, because the picture makes me think it is a transparent watch. But it is gray and then the ends are transparent (the part showing in the picture is transparent indeed). Works very well, I love Presto from NIKE, I've had several, the problem is that eventually the plastic could break! That is why I got my self this replacement. Also too bad Nike doesn't make them anymore! =(", "I really enjoy the sunglasses. Fit my nose and ears well and do a great job. I would recommend these to anyone looking for Nike sunglasses.", "I forgot that I purchased these through Amazon. They lasted about 5 years of rugged use (beach volleyball, canoe trips, daily wear).  A great lens with wonderful sun blocking ability for my face.  I still keep them around even though they are scratched beyond use and the rubber ends to the earpieces are gone.", "Perfect fit, look, quality. Great for every day use including jogging or sports.So comfortable I forget I am wearing them!", "I have the black w/ grey polarised lenses version, and I cannot be more pleased.  As a runner, I appreciate that they don't fog up very easily and they they stay put from a slow walk to a wind sprint.  They never interfere with my vision and they are a sharp pair of sunglasses.  Worth it.", "I bought this watch a few months ago and already shows some problems, it worked OK for a couple of weeks ,but now the dial light would not turn on. I suspect that the battery is running down, which is unnacceptable for a brand new item. I have no solution other than taking it to a shop to check. I can't hide that i am dissapointed with the NIKE experience.", "This was a terrible buy I ordered an adult Nike Triax and recieved a child's Triax I was so embarrassed that it barely fit around my wrist.  The worst part was that it wasn't even a good deal for ten more dollars which is what I payed for shipping. I could have got an adult sized watch at the local sports store.", "I love the timing features of this watch, but the band could be better. After only about 3 uses the buckle broke off, I was able to fix it, but if it breaks again, and I cant fix it, there is no way to replace just the band. It was very nicely packaged and would be great for gift giving. I use the box it came in to sit the watch in when I'm not using it.", "I have small wrists and thought the watch face was rather large, much larger than I wanted.  Also, I thought the colors of the digital display were not very appealing and that the display was dim and difficult to see.  I decided to return the watch for these reasons and cannot comment on how it worked.", "This watch is perfect for working out!  I love it!  I just wish that you did not have to press the button to turn the beep sound all the time! :D", "I bought this as a gift for my youngest daughter's birthday. She absolutely loves it! Of course my oldest daughter is demanding one of her own now!!", "It was a present to my sister and she claims that it's worth value and also says it's a good watch but it is smaller than she thought.", "So far this is a sharp looking, durable watch. My grandsons figured out how to use all the bells and whistles and are very proud of their new watches.", "The watch works perfect. Great for anyone looking for a great watch to wear while working out. It is comfortable enough to be worn at the gym, or nice enough to wear to the office.", "Hey!! I read the reviews here, but boy were we dissapointed:  First of all, the time was very hard to read - very faint.  The light was very very dim also.  The buttons take quite of bit of effort to make them work - not very smooth, so it is a chore to set.  The crystal is elevated, so it is always exposed to be scratched, and I'm always cleaning paint or other stains from it so the kid can see the time.  Finally, the bloody thing just froze up and we can't make it work.  Just tossed it in the donations bin, and got a hard to find Casio calculator watch that the kid really enjoys and appreciate for checking homework.Casio CA53W-1 Mens Black 8 Digit Calculator with Resin Band Watch", "My wife loves digital watches and I hate them, I think they all look cheap. I hated her last digital watch so I was looking for a nice one, that I knew she wouldn't refuse to wear. I loved this one, because is very simple and looks great. There are a few scratches now after two years, but still looks good.", "It is a great watch- but the instructions included on how to set it were difficult to understand. I hate to admit it but I had to ask for help from my husband.", "wow!!! what a great watch.  At first when I got it I thought it was a little hard to understand, but I studied it all night and finally figured it out.  I gave this product 5 stars because it is cool, worthwhile, and works like a charm!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", "My son, who is in middle school, loves this watch. The angle makes it easy to see, and it is pretty durable. It is a little hard to push the button for the light, but otherwise a great watch for kids.", "My grandson loved the Nike watch I gave him....it was a good purchase and the \"in\" thing for a sports minded boy!", "It is a very nice looking watch and my 10yr old son likes it very much", "Overall I like this but most of the time in order to even see the time you have to turn on the backlight.  Otherwise, its a nice size and easy to use.", "This does not have a cheap plastic strap or plastic clasp like the ones that I saw in the big box stores.The angled watch face makes it easier to read without turning your head - what a neat \"twist\" (couldn't resist the pun).The black on black is macho for my son, though he is probably too young to know what macho even means.Glad I bought it.3/2010 UPDATE - Watch backlight has broken.  Adjustments have proven to be too much hassle to work with...wish I had not bought it.", "My wife loves running and she loves this watch.  It's lightweight, fits her wrist perfectly due to the design and has all the basic functions necessary for a runner.", "Bought it for my ten-year-old brother, and he loved it! Not only it has a different look, it has many neat options like background light, a few alarms, stop-watch, and - what he liked the most - you can dive with them! And since we have a pool and he always dives to the bottom, now he can do it with his \"cool\" watch on. He really liked it and I feel like a cool sister!", "I purchased this for my 9 year old son as a Christmas gift.  Although, he says that he loves the watch, it is very hard to read the display in normal conditions.  Otherwise, it's is a nice watch with good functionality.  The water resistance of 50M is good, too.", "This watch appears to be the same as the Nike \"Triax Juniors'/Kids'\" watch. It seems that the seller is just marketing the cheaper kids' watch as a ladies' watch in order to sell it for a higher price.", "For a person that really like an sportive watch, its a cool item, but the picture that shows it is not the really design of the watch...I just thought that would be a bigger one but no..", "Unfortunately, in my effort to to get my Christmas shopping done early, I ordered this item in November.  My son did not like his watch, and I need to send it back.  When I looked on the invoice, I noticed they charge a 15% restocking fee for items returned after 30 days.  I feel this is an unfair practice, as I already have to pay to have the item shipped back.", "I loved the look of this watch that was on Amazon.com and ordered it.  When I received it, the watch barely fit my wrist.  After further investigation on other sites (primarily nike.com), I found out it was a KIDS watch.  This is not noted anywhere on this site.  It is only listed under the \"MENS\" category.  Looks like my 12 year old will be getting another Christmas present, becuase I really don't want the hassle of returning it.It is a very nice watch, though.  My son loves it.", "I too have a Nike HRM watch and the band cracked. I didn't think I could replace it bc I didn't see anywhere on the Nike.com website where they sold the bands separately. I called the 800 number and they gave me their watch vendor's 800 number : 800-359-2508. The name is Parsec Enterprises. Also their website is: [...]I called to order the replacement and it wasn't in stock. They took down my phone number and are going to call me back. I'll post again if I get the watch band. If not, assume I didn't and you can't get a replacement.", "I originally recieved this watch for Xmas and I had it out of the box for 10 seconds and the orange button on the face of the watch fell off.  I returned it for the same watch and I have only been wearing it on runs for 3 weeks.  I got home and the lower left button fell off.  The watch is great with all of the functions it has but as far as realiabilty I would not recommend this watch.", "Watch band only lasts about 8 months, cannot buy a new one so watch is trash.  Not good on your wallet or our earth.", "The quality is not up to par.  I have returned the Nike Triax 50 model two times.The first one worked fine but the rubber started separating from the body.  Nike replaced the watch without problems.The replacement worked during one workout.  Before the next workout, I went to set the intervals but it got stuck in one screem.  It is now stuck in what appears to be the clock or alarm setting mode as the screen shows 12:00.  I cannot get it to change screens or anything for that matter no matter which button I press.  I am returning it once again.", "Beware. My Nike watch worked great, but after a year the band broke where it connects to the watch housing.  To my surprise Nike does not sell band replacements.  Watch still works, but now I can't wear it.  Get ready to buy a new watch if you want to have a Nike one.  I won't be among you.", "This is my second Nike Triax watch.  The first watch the band broke in half after 3 years of use.  I bought this watch because I liked the functionality and the look of the watch.  Now, a couple of years later the band on the watch has broken and the rubber on the body is coming unglued.The band itself costs $18 and it must be sent out to be repaired which will add at least another $10.  Repairing the watch will end up costing half as much as the entire watch itself.Also, my watch had a tendency to reset sporadically from static.  I would remove my jacket and the watch would beep and reset.", "I had my Nike Triax Speed 50 Super Watch # WR0083-002 watch for less than 1 year.  The watch band broke where it attaches to the watch frame.  I love the watch and it's been working great, however I can not find a replacement band.  Not a good product if Nike is not going to provide support for the consumer.", "I can not give a positive or negative opinion about the watch, as up to today I have NOT received it.", "I liked all the functions on this watch, especially the large display, which is why I bought it. It broke after about 2 years, and like most small electronic devices, isn't cost-effective to fix. I have a Timex sports watch that's 12 years old and still going strong. Never again...Also hated the instructions - this huge foldout sheet with all the directions in tiny text in a whole bunch of languages. Clumsy and hard to follow.Just stupid. Nike should know better.", "I am a big fan of Nike Triax watches, but had bad luck with this model.  I had the watch for about 4 weeks and in that time it reset itself once and finally locked up - all of the buttons stopped responding.  Replacing the battery had no effect and I had to return it.  Additionally, the button on the face is a little too large and is too sensitive to accidental contact.  When I would check the time I more often than not had to play with the buttons because I had inadvertently switched to some other mode.  On the plus side, it is very comfortable and the display is easy to read.", "The watch works great!  I like the large display and the double timer feature.  Manuevering through the buttons can be somewhat confusing, but overall I like the watch.", "I just needed a good watch I can do anything with on, without worrying about whether I should be taking it off or not.  Great Value!!!", "what a hassle. i've had it 9 months, and not worn it frequently, and the band just breaks. part pinned in to the face has the rubbery material break into pieces. ugh! i would expect it from a $10 watch, but not $100. my sports watch i bought at target works better! do not recommend.", "This was my second Triax watch and my second bad experience. I had the watch for about 5 days and it locked up. None of the buttons would work. I replaced the battery and it still wouldn't work so I returned it.", "The watch itself is GREAT but too large for a woman's wrist so I had to return it. But amazon, as always, made it very easy to return.", "I've never broken a watch in my life until I got this watch. The first one broke where the band meets the body within a week. The retailer replaced it with a different one. The replacement broke in the same spot within six months. In neither case did I put any stress on the watch, it literally fell off my wrist. Nike used to be a decent brand, now it's apparently overpriced sweatshop junk.", "I'm extremely pleased with the Nike Midsize Triax Speed 50 Super. (Wow, what a mouthful!)I've found it difficult to find a watch appropriately styled for a man, but in a size that would fit my slim wrists. As a runner, I don't exactly have a beefy build, and all the other watches I've had have practically been sliding all the way up my arm, even on their smallest fit. However, the Midsize Triax is PERFECT. It's not constricting, but it's certainly not going anywhere.As far as function is concerned, it does everything I need it to, from giving me my interval timing, to splits and laps, to just, well... Telling me the time and date like a good watch should!The only gripe I have with it is that the backlight doesn't light up the display very well in medium-low light. I can see it fine in daylight, and with the backlight in dark, but in medium light, everything sort of blends together.Overall, a great value, though.", "I ordered this watch because I love the style of Nike watches and this one was a great price.  Since the watch was midsize and had a unisex band, I thought it would work for me.  The watch looked great, but was too big for my wrist.  It's a great value for a men's watch.", "This is a good deal for the price I paid on Amazon. Even with $8.00 in shipping I still managed to save $15.00 compared to the local sporting good store. Don't lose the instructions you'll need them to get started.", "Awesome watch.  5 stars.  Does everything I expected and looks good doing it.", "I bought the watch on monday and got it on Saturday. Very good delivery!", "Granted, this is a low end Nike watch, I have a higher end Nike watch.  I also have an Ironman Watch.  I like the Ironman watches and you can get an Ironman watch that has these features for about $20.  Also, I had to send the first watch back.  The backlight would not go off and no data (time/date or other features) worked or could be shown.  So all I had was a blank backlit watch.  However, despite my negative review and the issue of the watch (broken, however probably an isolated incident), I decided for a replacement vice a refund.  And Amazon.com did a great and quick job fixing the situation.  We'll see how this watch works out.  I kept the watch not for the functions, more so so I can rotate with my other watches and it has a pretty good look.", "Tells time with giant numbers on screen. Rocks my socks off.", "I bought this watch to give my sister as a birthday gift. However, I am totally disappointed. This is very big for girls:(( I will send this back to amazon.", "I bought a few of these watches to take to give my teenage relatives in Morocco during a visit this year. They were quite a hit, Nike is a very popular brand there. I spent quite a lot of time setting up the time and date of each watch, I had to look at the instructions frequently as I found the setup not at all intuitive (I usually figure out 90% of electronic devices without referring to the instructions). Three months later all are still happy with their watches, so I guess you can't say fairer than that", "The watch itself is working, but one of the buttons stoped working after 5 days.I sent an e-mail to the seller asking what I should do to return it and get another one and the seller simply ignored my e-mail.If you want to buy this watch go ahead, but do not buy it from Watchsavings.", "I really like this watch because it has a very nice display and it's easy to set. People have asked me about it and it's cool looking.The only bad thing is that on mine the band has separated from the watch. I've owned it for a little more than a year though, and it can be easily fixed.", "I bought this watch because it looked sweet in the store and it did everything I needed it to do. I have not tested the interval timing and storing runs a whole lot, but the basics work well, and the controls were not too tough to figure out.The only bad part was the buttons were (and still are) sticky. Also, the button that turns on the button pressing sound always gets hit by my coat sleeve, which is pretty annoying. I would have given it a 5/5 if it weren't for these couple things.", "I've only taken this watch on about 5 runs (3-4 miles each).  So far it has stayed comfortable and hardly noticeable during each run.  Easy to switch between clock and timed-run modes.  The lap function is nice when you know where your mile markers are and it is easy to hit the button while on the move.  The display is nice and large so it's easy to see.  I haven't run at night, so I cannot comment on the lighting function.Overall, I'm satisfied with the first month of ownership of this watch.  If the band holds up for a decent amount of time, I'd consider giving it a 5-star rating.", "Be really short to save your time, the piece is,1. Super light and slim, 2. elegantly designed, 3. easy to use with 4 buttons, 4. idea for track runners. Cons, the button is not that easy to press - when I am marking a lap.", "I was looking for a watch that was easy to read when I run in low light conditions in the early morning, so the huge clear face on this one is what initially attracted me.  The numbers are so large and clear that you can read this quickly in the water, so it an excellent watch for swimmers and triathletes as well as for runners.Once I started using it, I quickly realized that this is also the best engineered athletic watch I've ever owned.  The on-screen instructions make it easy to use all of the functions without having to refer back to the paper instructions.  That alone would make this more useful than most athletic watches.For me, the interval timer is also particularly nice.  I hate having to continually try to figure out when I should start the next segment when I'm doing a walk/run with odd length intervals.  With the interval timer is very easy to create an interval of several separate segments of different length and just have the watch beep me to remind me to start the next segment.  It keeps track of how many cycles also, so I know when the workout is over.  You don't realize how much energy goes into trying to keep track of all the details of your routine until you have something like this to keep track of them for you.I don't even use the main feature of this watch very often, the 50 lap running timer, or the data feature, and it is still well worth every cent just for its ease of use, ease of reading, and elegant feature set.This is the first athletic watch I've had that lets me focus on the workout more than the mechanics of using the watch, and for that I give it my highest recommendation.  A superb mixture of features and ease of use.", "This watch is advertised as being able to withstand the rigours of being worn by an active child.However it very quickly became extremely scratched and the strap faded out badly.  The strap also broke which made it impossible to wear.All of this transpired in the first 6 months.The watch itself goes well.", "I am an adult female with very small wrists, so it's hard for me to find watches that don't look huge on me. This watch fits perfectly and does not look like it overpowers my wrist. It also looks sporty yet feminine. This is my second one; I also own the \"university blue\" version of this watch. Definitely recommend!", "These are great watches. They are not as big as men's watches, since they are unisex, but still GREAT-LOOKING.RECOMMENDED!", "Nothing fancy, but I love it. I have worn it every day for the past 5 yrs. Love the crystal face.", "I can't believe nike would slap their name on such an unreliable piece of crap. The watch worked great until about 4 months of ownership. The crappy rubber straps broke off from the display then the display became all distorted after one use in the rain on a run. It then proceeded to stop working completely. I'll buy a different brand of watches as this is the third nike watch that this has happened to me with.", "Good but confusing buttons if you have used Ironman watches as long as I have.", "This watch has been literally all over the world from the top of mountains to the bottom of the ocean.  Great watch.", "Other than being a little big, this watch works great and is easy to use.Update 12-Nov-13: Although I didn't use the functions on this watch extensively over the last five years, the original battery lasted up until a couple weeks ago.  Very satisfied with this watch.", "This watch didn't work when I got it and then Amazon didn't have anymore of them when I returned it.  Stay away; get a Timex Ironman instead.", "I love this watch, I use it all the time while working out. If you don't need all the new things like GPS then this is the watch for you.", "I bought the watch to time myself in running and swimming for training. This nike watch is very easy to use.What I like about it is you could save lap times. I could have gone with a less inexpensive watch but I bought it more for the quality and the name.", "Almost all watches have a stop watch feature with the lap mode, however, I've found a large difference between watches in how the interval mode works. I basically wanted a watch that I could program two different times (2 minutes and one minute for example) and have the intervals cycle back and fourth so that I could go hit the trails and easily run intervals. This watch makes that simple and unlike other watches I checked out, it wasn't complicated to operate the interval feature. Aside from it being functional, I like the looks a lot. The face is easy to read and for as large as the face is, the watch is very low profile and comfortable.", "I like the watch and I use it on all my runs, but I never use all the features because the directions were so complicated that it's hard to remember what button should be pushed when running on top of the fact that the reset button is poorly places, so once you get everything going as you want you stand a good chance of erasing your progress. Perhaps, I don't really need this much watch, but it would be nice to easily use the features I've paid for. The watch itself however looks nice on and is comfortable.", "This is a really nice watch with large, easy to read numbers.  I have bumped the watch face several times and have been concerned that I may have scratched it, but the face looks great with no scratches.  My only complaint is that the stopwatch is difficult to reset.  I can't comment on long term durability, because I have only had to watch a few weeks.", "Just wanted to write a review about the super vs. regular versions of this watch.  I really like the watch now that I have one that correctly fits me.  I orginally ordered the regular because I am an average sized guy (6', 170lbs) and wanted it to fit correctly.  I couldn't find any information explaining the difference anywhere on the web.  Even the Nike Timing website itself had no good explanation of the difference.  When I ordered the regular sized watch it barely fit around my wrist.  So I sent it back and ordered the super size version of the watch.  The super fits great.  It looks like the regular size was meant for women.  My wife tried it on and it fit her great.  The super version overall is bigger.  The strap is bigger, the face is bigger, etc.  My advice is that if you are a guy looking to buy this watch, buy the super version of it.", "I bought this watch as a gift for my husband.  He loves running with it.  The numbers are big enough to see while he is running, the buttons are large and easy to push, and the functions are great and easy to learn.  If you like to track your time and progress while running,  this is a great watch.", "I LOVE this watch. It is very easy to operate - much easier than any other sports timing watch I tried. Nice big numbers. Up to 5 intervals for training. Very happy with my purchase.", "PROS:-Good looking watch.-Fairly easy to use.-Love the fact that the watch face is twisted to make viewing it while I run easier.-The watch's wrist band held up well, unlike the Swiss Army watches I've had crack on me.CONS:-After only a month's use, the plasic wrap that encases the watch itself started to detach and warp.  It appears as though it was simply glued to the metal part of the watch.  It's now so warped that it looks terrible and makes it difficult to press the buttons along the side.-At 18 months, the watch has bugun to collect moisture inside.  From diving deeper than its 100M rating, you ask?  No, from sweat and shower water.  The digital display is now failing and I'll soon have to throw the watch away like a piece of trash.  That's just unnaceptable, Nike.", "My son requested this watch specifically for Christmas. He is a marathon runner and had lost his heart monitor watch (oddly enough, I'm not sure this watch has a heart monitor although it seems to have everything else a runner could want). The watch was not easy to find based on model number, even on the Nike website. I actually had to call Nike to help find the right search words/model numbers to look for. By then, I had to pay extra for delivery in order to be guaranteed to get it by Dec. 24.  It ended up arriving at least 2 days early, brand new in the box. My son loves it.", "This is a great watch.  I wear it on all of my runs and around town.  It's got a nice big display and it looks bad@ss.", "One more great job from Nike. This watch is jut perfect for its price range", "I absolutely love the look and function of this watch. The first one I bought the band broke within 2days of using it and my sister's broke the day she got it.  I returned it and replaced it with the same style watch from Nike in a different color and that one lasted 3 months before it broke!  Should have learned my lesson the first time!!! have read many reviews on other websites of this watch breaking too.", "Thank you very much.  Great price and fast shipping.  Just what I needed.", "I purchased this watch because of Nike's reputation and the sale price at the time (43).  From May to October the watch was perfect.  Didn't get scratched even when I really hit the glass against a wall or metal. I lift weights, run, swim and play many sports and the watch was holding up great until one day the end of one strap where the clasp is, just ripped and the metal clasp fell out.  Now the watch is useless and the weakness of the strap is very apparent now.  It was sent to repair but I have a feeling they are going to charge more than half the purchase price just for the end of one strap.", "Having had a Nike watch before, I hoped my husband would like this one, too.  There aren't as many bells and whistles as his other one, but it is half the price!", "I've had the Nike Triax 100 for 6 weeks now and love everything about it.  But while taking the watch off the other day, the wrist band strap came off from the watch.  An examination shows that the plastic wristband is fastened to the watch with two tiny screws that while still secured to the watch, have pulled completely through the plastic wrist band.  There was no reinforcement on the band; just plastic.  Of course this occured after the 4 week refund period.  And the guarantee covers everything excep the battery, crystal and strap....In the future I'll examine Nike watches to make sure they have a real strap connected securely to the watch.......", "I was very excited to find this watch because of the 'target' time feature.  The watch worked great until the watch band broke.  I glued it because it was a great watch...until the other side broke.  Nike created a consumable watch.  One year and you have to buy another watch.  Terrible R & D.", "Just as the other reviewers said, the steel cross bar broke through the rubber band leaving me with a great pocketwatch but a poor wristwatch.  The watch itself is great, and I've had other great Nike watches, but the band is awful.", "This watch is very light and moves well with you in high action sports.I like the design of the band also.Robert JungLexington,KY", "Great entry level running watch..i purchased it about a year ago..the watch is very easy to use..i actually now also use it when i ride my mountain bike..since its more natural to look at my wrist for the time..the big display helps...the band is thing but its a light watch so all around a goo buy for its purpose", "Very pleased with the watch and the timely manner in which it was delivered.", "I had ordered this watch for my boyfriend as a surprise but did not have the knowledge necessary to make an accurate purchase. Although the watch was great for athletic performance, I feel it was too small to be considered a men's watch. It had been previously used, which I knew but did not know to what detail until I received it, but all functions were as described. I did not end up keeping the watch and did not have any problems returning it. The arrival of the product was quick and efficient.", "This has turned out to be a really good watch.  I got it instead of a Timex due to the scratch-resistant face.  I've had it for several months and the face still looks like new.  The lap feature works well and is very easy to use.  Only drawback is that there is no timer.  For the entry-level model though, this is a very good buy.", "Nice looks and functions but due to the shape and button placement, the watch often changes functions from simple hand movements and that's a problem when I'm timing a run.  The alarm bell isn't loud enough to wake me up even if I'm wearing the watch.  The little bump at the end of the band can make it a hassle to take off the watch.", "I took a chance and bought this for my husband for Christmas. He is a coach and likes a watch wth a digital reading. He really likes the features it has and also received a exta battery with it.The only minor problem the band needs to be a tad bit longer for an adult mans wrist. I was impressed with the fast delivery too.", "I received the watch quickly and was exactly what i wanted.  Only problem is that within a month the battery dies on me and of course it has to be a difficult watch and they cant just put a new battery in i had to send it to some place to get a new one.", "I wear it daily.  the buttons depress accidentally though so it does not stay on the \"time\" screen.", "This watch has the biggest, easiest to read, digits I have found....and I searched.It is also easy to use.A great watch.", "This watch is perfect for exercise, small, reliable, and has a lot option that you select. I recommend you guy if you do not mind small, and light.", "I've had the Nike Triax Speed 10 for a month now and like its interface and performance. The controls took a little getting used to from my Timex Ironman. The digits are nice and large and the watch angle on the wrist makes for easy viewing. It's a cool looking watch (mine's all black). If I could make two changes, I'd make it a lot thinner and have a louder alram. Overall, I'm pleased.", "I bought this product because I needed a watch with a timer to start timing myself when I run.  Nike makes quality products, and this is no exception. However, the night light doesn't stay on long enough--you have to constantly press it. Other than that, the watch looks sharp and is the perfect size. Its alarm is also good. It is loud but not annoying. I recommend this product if you want a basic digital water-resistant watch with a chronometer.", "This watch is great, my husband loves it! It was an excellent price and arrived in a timely manner.", "I purchased this watch on 8/6/08.  I am currently in Iraq and I needed a backup. I already own one similar to this one. I just wanted one on standby in case my battery died or another mishap. This watch that I purchased on Amazon died on 9/7/08.  It doesn't work at all. I don't know what happened.  I only wore it 2-3 times because my other watch still worked.  Watches are supposed to last longer than 30 days and this one didn't.  I'm not sure if its because I didn't buy it directly through NIKE or because I took the short cut.  Nevertheless, I'm still out of $40+ and I don't have anything but a worthless watch to show for.  I don't recommend this product.", "this wasn'ta good purchase.  the skewed design made it feel like a big watch and it was constantly trying to prevent full flexibility of my hand backwards.  it ended up breaking the pins.  shame a sport watch to be cumbersome", "watches were very nice. our clients loved them. boss loved them. nicely packaged.", "I have owned MANY sport-watches over the years and I LOVE this one.  This is actually my 2nd!  The only reason I have had to buy a two was, when the battery died and I replaced it, it did not continue to be waterproof.  AND, that has been true with most every sport-watch I have owned.I love all the functions! Especially the Data function of saving my stopwatch times, the detailed summary Chronograph function, and last the 7 alarms.  I use them throughout the week as my wake-up times change.If and when I need to buy another watch, there is no question as to what I will get!", "This is the BEST watch I have ever owned.  It does everything you could ever need a watch to do.  Marvelous.  I have owned 11.  Where can I acquire more?  The are not easy to repair or locate.  I'd recommend this watch to anyone.  My husband loves his too.", "Problem #1The design stinks. It is impossible to move your hand without putting the watch into a reset mode, and loosing all of your settings.Problem #2The watch I got broke 8 hours into use.Problem #3The customer service on this watch is horrible. The company my watch was purchased from (This was not Amazon itself, but through Amazon to the company named WatchZone) was the worst I have ever seen.Here is WatchZone's return policy: (No Joke, word for word)Quote--\"The watch can only be returned if it has NEVER been worn. It is impossible to wear a watch (even for short periods) and not get it scratched or blemished.\"Any trouble with the watch and WatchZone passes the buck to the manufacturer.NikeTiming also has a terrible customer service. Upon calling, you cannot actually contact anybody. When they ask for your number so they can contact you back, they don't. Finally, they make you pay for shipping, re-stalking, and other such fees when they are the ones who sent you defective merchandise in the first place.Grand total: The watch that I got was on sale for $20 off. It is taking me more than $30 to get a working one (if they send me a functional one THIS time.)I would advise anybody who is looking for a watch to steer clear of NikeTiming and WatchZone. You will get a better product if you just buy the $20 Wall-Mart special, and you will be spending less even if you donate $40 to FedEx.", "This might be a really good product.  But we will never find out. Because it comes with \"directions\" that consist only of numbers and arrows.  Apparently words are at a premium, because there aren't any.  The arrows leave me spinning, and my tech-savvy children can't figure the directions out either, including on such basic processes as how to set the clock function.  Which makes this product, well, pretty useless.  It does have that cool Nike swoosh, though, and every evening at 10:28 p.m. it will look just perfect.", "Great item for the price.  My son has had fun timing everything with his stopwatch.  It also has an alarm and is easily set.  This watch makes a great gift.", "This watch is an amazing watch: It tells the time, of course, date, and day of the week, plus it can be used as a timer. It is very useful, just a bit confusing to find how to change the time. But all in all, it is a rewarding item to use on a daily basis.", "I got two of these for my 6 and 7 year old girls.  The watches are quite functional -- easy-to-read time telling, date and day-of-the-week display, alarm function, VERY RELIABLE waterproof feature, easy to use backlit screen, stop watch feature ... A few disappointments though -- the band is designed with a stiff loop and needs to be put around the child's wrist with quite a bit of \"wiggle room\", or there will be an indentation on the skin within a short period of time.  Also, when I set a daily alarm at 3:30 p.m. to remind them that it's homework time, automatically the hourly chime is activated -- I haven't figured out how to turn this off.  I had to turn the alarm function off, just not to create a nuisance for the teachers and to keep the watch from chirping at night.  These aside, it was a great find.", "I purchased this product about a year ago for myself because the store was out of the adult version and this one was a little less expensive. Its great because its waterproof and has the option of military time which helps for healthcare jobs. The watch is also very durable which is perfect for active kids. I would recommend this watch to anyone!", "Purchased this as a present for my teenage daughter and she loves it. She never wore a watch before this one. Now she nevers takes it off!", "My son purchased this watch for himself. He loves it. It wears well, it's pretty rough & tough. He learned to set it and use it with a little help from Mom. Great value!", "I bought this watch for my son, who is almost 12. It is nearly impossible to set it...the instructions are VERY difficult to understand, and virtually worthless. I even took it to get a new battery and the guy told me it was one of the most diffcult watches to program he had ever seen. A cool watch...but needs to be much easier to use, especially as it is aimed at kids.", "I purchased this product about a year ago for myself because the store was out of the adult version and this one was a little less expensive.  Its great because its waterproof and has the option of military time which helps for healthcare jobs.  The watch is also very durable which is perfect for active kids.  I would recommend this watch to anyone!", "I own several Nike oregons (3 at last count), so it's no surprise that I like this watch.  For anyone interested, you'll be hard pressed to find a more solid time piece.  However, be warned that it is big.  Big enough to keep a button-down shirt sleeve from closing.  IMHO this makes the watch a bit too big for exercise duty.  As an outdoors watch (for hiking, camping and the like) it is the perfect size.  The problem there is that it is missing a couple of features found in most watches of this type (altimeter, thermometer and barometer), including Nike's own Oregon WA9002, which is virtually identical to this model.  Still the watch is an awesome piece, which could have been better.My only big gripe was with Amazon.  The first watch they shipped was perfect, except that it had a dead battery.  I called had them detail the problem and replace the watch.  The second watch they send Also had a dead battery (I guess they don't check these notes at the warehouse).  when I asked about having that one replaced the person at the other end said that there must be something systemically wrong with this model and they they were not going to continue sending out new watches.  instead they would refund my money and that I should return the watch.  I told them that I liked the watch and that if they were too busy to check for a simple battery that I would walk a block over to best buy buy the battery and replace it myself.  I did exactly that, Amazon refunded me the cost of the battery and the watch has been perfect ever since.", "One of the best watchs ive bought this year ... get it its great plus the power save option is great i have alot of watchs so when i dont wear it , the display cuts off ... but over all great buy .. Get one asap", "I bought the watch two years ago and have an older version that tends to add on a few extra feet since it never turns off and small barometric changes add elevation.  The altimeter function is still pretty good for training purposes.  I love the band on the watch and the bulkiness is not an issue.  The watch is definitely water proof.  I never took it off.  Recently I changed the battery and in the process didnt notice the o-ring fell out.  I took a bath and noticed the watch didnt work and moisture had gotten inside.  I opened the back up and let it dry out.  I went and found the o-ring and put the battery back in and it worked as well as ever.  Not that many electronic products come back from the dead.", "I've had this watch for a few weeks now and I have to say that it is very impressive. I was skeptical of Nike watches but I've been proven wrong. The band is very comfortable, the buttons are easy to use and the watch is very easy to navigate and use settings. It's also been very durable and great looking. The only bad thing is that it sits a bit high on the wrist. All in all, I love it!", "fantastic item with accurate data from its features, hardy casing and strap. slightly bulkier than you may think it is, great as a gift idea for a lance fan and at a great price.well presented by nike in a box too.", "This watch is OK.  Easy to read display.  The altimeter is not that accurate.  It is very big and clunky.  The major drawback, after less than a year of use, water has already gotten in!  All in all, you get what you pay for.", "I have used this watch for a few years now working in the outdoors.  It has stood up to a fair amount of abuse and misuse and still looks great.  The alarms are loud and the minimalist display is a rarity in the watch world it seems like. This is a great watch.", "The Nike Oregon watch by Lance Armstrong is great. If you are into Jogging, Running or Cycling like I am you will love this watch.  You will find underneath the watch Lance Armstrongs Signature. This watch has an Altimater that works really well. You can set this watch to shut off after so many hours to save batttery life. The Battery is easy to replace yourself and not expensive. The watch is Water Resistant to 100M so wearing it in the shower or swimming with it is no problem. I like the look of the watch and the gold colored face on it matches the live strong bracelet. It is a large watch to wear with long sleeves, but is very sharp looking. I recieved it on the day that Amamzon.com had promised. I  really enjoy shopping with Amamzon.com and look forward to shopping with them again in the future. I hope this review has helped you in making your decision.", "This watch offers a great variety of features including: seven alarms, storage space for 100 work out sessions, and an altimeter.  Be aware that it does not have some of the features found on the other high end Oregon series watches (barometer, digital compass, etc.).  Many customers have complained about battery life, I have had the watch for more than six months and have yet to have any issues.  As another reviewer mentioned, it is rather bulky.  My cuffs will not close around it if I am wearing a long sleeve shirt.", "I got this one last year and so far I've been very satisfied with this watch.This is a real men's watch.. pretty big and somewhat heavier than other sports watches.Unlike other nike watches, it has a very subtle logo and simple display. (the reason why I bought it) has rugged feel yet very simple. Some people even asked me where they could buy it/For a price about $100, it is definitely a good buy!note: It seems like it will no longer available.  it will be discontinued..I guess. hmmm", "I got this watch from amazon with the battery almost dead. I send a request to Amazon to exchange the watch but they told me that the watch was sold out and they can just return the money. I ask about if was posible change the battery with nike warranty. I never got an answer. Too bad Amazon...", "This is one of the best looking most functional watches I have purchased! Quite an eye catcher!", "The watch itself is made by Seiko, so you know it is excellent quality.Works as described but you will need some time to understand how to use all of its functions.  Once you do that it is a very useful tool.  The product documentation is a bit light on content but thankfully the watch is fairly intuitive to set up.The barometer does seem to drift a bit more than the Suunto Advizor that I own. However, I havent done a side by side comparison so take that with a grain of salt.  This watch is a direct competitor to the Advizor and fits the bill very well.  The only feature this watch lacks in comparison to the Advizor is the Heart Rate Monitor.I got the impression that the Nike Lance 4 is a bit less functional overall than the Suunto product but that really hasnt been the case in my experience.  At the end of the day though, which would I prefer to have on my wrist when hiking in the woods...Ill take the Suunto.  However, if I want to have a watch that is well made, has nearly the same functions, looks better and has Lance's approval then count me in.  Thats why I own this watch.", "A very interesting watch with useful features, plus it is Nike! However, if you will be easily offended by seeing scratches appear on your watch face, then look for another watch. I've not been able to determine if it is a defect or not, but my watch scratches very easily. Reaching for a pen, I bumped the watch against a plastic desk organizer... SCRATCH. The face of my watch is peppered with scratches. Perhaps these can be buffed out. Some other little hangups... the temperature is not very accurate. Of course you can calibrate the watch to take into account body temperature... but that will surely fluctuate with activity. Another downfall is the backlighting. You can activate extended backlighting by holding in on the button a few seconds, but the moment you press another function button, the light will go out. I think this is a great watch, but if little things like the things I described above will bother you, I suggest NOT getting this watch.", "This watch is exactly what I thought it would be, really smart, full of gadgets but very very confusing, I havent a clue how to calibrate the compass or the alti meter and im not sure ive done such a great job with the temp gauge but it tells the time, looks good and seeing as im the UK its well unique which matters doesnt it!!.....??", "I agree with other reviews, that this is a difficult piece to master.  The altitude dirfts from -150 to +250 feet per day.  I live at 5005 feet in elivation and have to set the watch at least once a day to keep it accurate.  The temperature function is always off.  The compas seems to work well.  All of this is nothing compared to the time when it became necessary to replace the battery (less than one year with both watches).  I didn't have the necessary special tools to replace the battery.  Replacing the battery was a major accomplishment. I could not get the first watch to work after replacing the battery. The second watch quit working when the factory battery failed and I finally threw it away, as I had done with the first one.  If you want to buy a watch that will work for the life of the factory battery only, this is the one for you.", "I have had my watch for two years now and it is by far my favorite outdoor watch.  I make regular use of all the features.Compass:  Once calibrated it is accurate, within 1 degree of my GPS.  I used it exclusively to complete an all day orienteering event and numerous camping trips without complaint.Altimeter:  The altimeter, despite the proprietary \"zero drift\" technology, will drift over time, as all barometer-based alitimeters will.  On a four day hiking trip in Colorado, I set the altimeter at a known elevation and it worked flawlessly for the whole trip.  Based on map readings and GPS, the watch was never more than 200' off on a trip that regularly ranged from 10,000' to 14,000'.  Another feature not mentioned in the manual is an alarm system that goes off whenever you attain an altitude of a famous mountain.  For example, when I hit the altitude of Mt. Fuji, the alarm sounded and \"Mt. Fuji\" scrolled across the face.  You will have to set the altimeter to a known point for it to be accurate.  As a helicopter pilot I have flown numerous times with it and it is fairly accurate, but the sampling rate of 60 seconds is kind of slow - you can change it, but I don't seriously use it in the aircraft, and 60 seconds is plenty of time when you're hiking.Temperature: Like any wrist mounted temperature sensor, the watch will react to your body temp.  This watch has a feature that allows you to compensate for this by lowering the temp by a known factor.  I have mine set at -8 degrees so it is relatively accurate on my wrist.  This is the only watch I have found to have this.Barometer:  Accurately shows trend data - no complaints.Alarms: I like having numerous alarms, and the alarm is sufficiently loud to hear while hiking in 30mph winds with the watch under layers of clothing.The watch also has a feature to shut off the display after 1 hour of no button pushes.  This saves battery power and my battery display shows a full charge after two years of consistent use.The manual is not very clear, but the interface is user friendly once you play with it. The titanium bezel does show some wear, but the mineral face is as clear as the day I bought it and I am extremely hard on watches.Overall, I am extremely pleased with this watch.  I think I will buy a second one when the first one bites the dust.", "Received watch, removed from packing and found out that the watch didn't work.  Seller told me to return and a replacement would be sent.  Setter received and told me it would take a week or longer to mail replacement.  I told them I thought this time was not fair, they had my money and I had no watch.  Shortly after they informed me they were out of stock and would refund my money. They did!End of story  I purchased a Timex from Fred Meyer", "Recently, I bought the Nike Lance 4 cycling watch ([...]) through Amazon for $[...], including shipping... primarily for the \"loud\" alarms, compass and stopwatch.Unfortunately, the Lance 4 is neither atomic nor solar... and the alarm is definitely not loud (for me). I can hear it in an absolutely quiet room, but not on my wrist when my desktop computer's running. (I'm 65 and have experienced some extremely loud sounds, so \"normal\" hearing is probably better.) However, the watch face flashes its backlight when any of the alarms go off, and that helps.When you first strap the watch onto your wrist, it's cold and feels like you're wearing a doorknob. However, after a couple minutes, the metal and rubber warm up and it becomes very comfortable. In fact, it feels so comfortable that when you take it off at the end of the day, you miss it. The oversize buckle, and strap-end lock-down, are smart ideas and even work with gloves. Another thing that works well is the compass, which you can set for true north or calibrate to the magnetic declination for your location. (During the warm months here in New Hampshire, the heavy leaf canopy blocks GPS signals, and I don't always carry a compass backup.) The altimeter appears to be accurate after calibrating it with a known elevation, but it needs recalibration whenever you can do it. A nice feature is the battery saver, settable to three different periods of inactivity before the screen goes blank. Everything else continues to work during that time. Probably what I like most about the watch are the control buttons... VERY tactile and functional, even with gloves.", "I've had a Lance 4 since they first hit the market. I will admit that I don't use all the function(seriously, who needs all those alarms?). The altimeter is pretty useless, as it's inaccurate AND you need to enter the exact elevation of your starting location for the watch to be useful. Who really knows the elevation of their home?The case, even though it's titanium, is terribly fragile. I had mine for six weeks, worn as a normal watch(at my inside job), and the case was scratched and dinged as if it was 10 years old. Nike replaced the case for me after 6 months, at which time I needed a new battery. Battery life is horrible on this thing. Expect to spend 20 bucks a year sending it back for replacement.I forgot to mention som4ething. When I sent the watch back after having it for six months, the band had broken. The rubber tore where it attached to the case---and that was simply from taking the watch off. No bike crashes, no playing sports. Just removing it. At that time, the yellow in the engraved Lance Armstrong signature on the case back had also come off. As a matter of fact, it actually stuck to my wrist. Not a huge deal, but pretty poor build quality. I have a Lance Race watch which is my daily wear watch. I put the Lance 4 on ONLY when I'm riding my bike. It's delicate.", "I have owned not one, but TWO of these watches.Pros:1. Absolutely beautiful styling2. The band holder - the band holder is a wonderful innovation from Nike.  Never again will a band move because it pops out of the band holder.3. Being able to reset back to the time mode by holding the mode button down no matter where you are in the sequence of functions - another nice innovation by Nike.4. The band - this is a very comfortable, soft rubber band that wears easily on the wrist all day long.Cons:1. Stopwatch takes a relatively long button press to reset2. This watch is poorly made and simply isn't durable3. Case is easily scratchedOverall I really love the styling and functions of this watch.  HOWEVER, the buttons on my first Nike Lance 4 became screwed up after about four months of wear.  The second Nike Lance 4 started to reset itself after about three months of wear.Two chances are all you get - I switched back to Casio for reliability!", "This is an excelent watch. I'm really impressed with all the resources included in it. Also, the design is very nice.", "I love this watch. In fact, I would go as far to call it perfect...except for one huge thing...the titanium case is about as durable as wet toilet paper.I've had this watch for about 4 weeks and the titatium face looks like I've had it about 15 years...and no, this is not from any kind of extraordinary circumstances. I just wear it to work at a normal job every day and it sees the regular wear and tear that any watch would see. Yet the titatium face shows scratches, gouges, abrasions, etc. Unfortunately, it dropped off my bathroom sink the other day and fell to our tile floor...well now it's sporting a nice gouge where it should be beveled.As for the watch itself, I love it. It does have rather short battery life, but with all that's running inside this thing, that can be expected.So if you don't care how beat-up your watch looks, then I'd give this a 5/5 for you. But if scratches and abrasions on your new $250 watch will bug you, then I give it a 2/5.", "Before I bought this watch, I did a lot of research on the offerings from Suunto, Polar and Nike, and finally ended up choosing the Lance 4 watch for my cycling-specific activities.  And I have to say, my disappointment began within 2 minutes of opening the shipping box.  Here are the three major ways this watch (and Nike itself) have failed me:1) This is a complicated, multi-function instrument.  But if you're expecting a detailed instruction manual, forget it.  What you get is an elaborate pictograph that illustrates which buttons to push.  It skims over the setup procedure and many of the most important functions, and omits many features entirely.2) Relative to the above complaint, I contacted Nike customer service about the setup.  Since I'm a cyclist, I was particularly interested in the altimeter function, and dismayed by how thin the \"manual\" is.  The instructions say you can select a 60-, 10- or 2-second sampling rate of the barometric pressure in order to determine altitude.  What it fails to mention is what the ramifications are for choosing one over the other?  Is one more accurate?  Does one use more battery power?  We'll apparently never know, because Nike's customer service failed to answer the question.  While they admitted that they had received several complaints about the manual -- and were considering writing a new one -- they simply sidestepped my question about the altimeter function in their email reply.3)  And then there's the performance of the watch itself.  In most cases it's impressive -- that is, in every case except the one for which I purchased it:  the altimeter.  On my group rides, there are always at least three other people with altimeters.  A post-ride comparison of altimeter results always puts their readings within 3 percent of each other.  The results from the Nike are at least 20 percent off.  That means the altimeter results are not to be trusted.While the watch is attractive (that's why it earned 2 stars instead of just one) and has an excellent band, it simply doesn't give me the accurate altimeter results I need.  And since the altimeter results are so far off, I can only assume that its built-in weather sensor (also based on barometric pressure) is hugely flawed, too.With the manual being as light on information as it is, with Nike's customer service either unwilling or unable to shed any light on the watch's usage and with the flawed performance of the altimeter function, I can only say that this watch represents a major disappointment.  It may meet Nike's standards for fashion, but it fails my standards for performance.", "As a lifelong runner, I have used many training aids of various types and from many different manufacturers. The most useful training aid I have ever used is a heart rate monitor. Of the several different heart rate monitors I have used over the years, this Nike monitor is by far the best. It has all of the features that you would expect, but then the ultimate tie-breaker is the computer interface which allows you to tailor your own workouts, schedule them, track your progress by synchronizing the field data, and then you can upload all of this to nike's website. In addition to all of these great things, the little things like an offset watch face really earn the user's appreciation. This is a great product.", "A feature rich product offering Mac OSX compatiblity, distance and HRM data combined into graphs.  Overall I found the product let down by quality control issues.  The first watch I got had to be returned due to the USB pod simply not working at all.  Kudos to Amazon for replacing it promtly. The second watch worked for a while - about 200km - then started to give intermittant HRM readings.  Overall I found the HRM strap needed to be tighter than my Polar and that the reading did require that I wet the pads everytime before starting my run.The other thing that the Polar range has over Nike is that when you run at night it's easy to just bring the Polar up to your chest and the light comes on - not with Nikes best - It requires you know which of the 5 buttons to press, to get the light on - easy if you do it right, but you can accidently stop the run recording if you press the wrong button in the dark while running.Buy lots of CR2032 batteries because you need to change them often.  I have already changed the watch and the HRM battery in the first 175km, and the watch was set to power saving mode.Although it works OK with OSX 10.4.9 the Nike software has not been updated since 2004 - that's 3 years - of no new driver or feature support - pretty good indication that Nike has moved it's attention elsewhere.  The monitor area is poorly used with a small 9\" window opens up on your 20\" Mac which cannot be enlarged - then you get small little graphs you can hardly see.  My advise is, if you buy a few spare parts like a HRM, footpod and USB unit then it should give you good data - otherwise expect to take it back under warranty - while you can.", "Es un excelente monitor cardiaco pero al entrar al agua esto cambia completamente, a diferencia del anterior Nike C8 que usaba antes, este pierde la se&ntilde;al del cinturon muy frecuentemente, diria yo que funciona solo el 40% de las veces, esto es realmente incomodo debido a que al mirar el reloj para ver en que frecuencia cardiaca se encuentra no se sabe si subir o no la intencidad del ejercicio para mantenerse en el ritmo deseado.Tal parece que la tecnologia del Triax Elite es mas atrazada que el C8.  Esto resulta inaudito siendo el Triax Elite un reloj supuestamente mas avanzado.", "This one measures HR and distance precisely.  Shows your pace ongoing and is awesome for metering your workouts and ensuring your on the right pace - not to fast or slow.  Has customized display so you can monitor any two of the following at once:  HR, Laptime, overall time, pace, distance.  Also has a nice autolap function that can be adjusted for any distance - it automatically records a lap time at each mile for instance.  This allows you to not worry about keeping track of that or missing a lap check.  Highly recommended, allows you to measure your distance anywhere you run to the .01 mile.", "Received watch and it would never sync. Watch completely stopped working. I returned the watch to amazon by priority mail, and for some reason they seem to can't find the package.  I'm still waiting for them to return my $195.00 to my account. Which seems to be taking forever. I would not recommend anyone to purchase this product from amazon. Yes it may be less expensive, but just pay for it from the nike store and get better service.", "I love this product, but only when everything works as it should.  Although there are some flaws in the design that can make it difficult to use in certain circumstances, I'm generally happy with this product.  Until things go wrong.Suddenly, for example, the heart rate monitor lost connectivity with the watch.  It wasn't the battery, which I immediately replaced.  So I sent it in to Nike for repair (per their instruction on their site).  Almost $300 on a product, and no contact whatsoever from them about receiving and working on my product.  I had to call twice to find the status of this product.  1 full month later, I'm still waiting for it to be returned to me.Really, paying for a Nike product does not mean high quality.  And it CERTAINLY does not mean any customer service to speak of.  I am highly disappointed in this entire experience.If only Timex would make a footpod for measuring distance rather than a GPS systerm, this would be over.  Unfortunately living in a city doesn't make the GPS system a viable alternative for me, but I've found the Timex HR Monitor to be far superior to both Nike & Polar.", "I purchased the Triax CV10 a month ago. It has worked wonderfully and helped me to train at 60% to Max BPM. You can set your personal min BPM and max BPM to insure you heart rate is where you want it during your workout. I love being able to see exactly what speed I'm currently running, current BPM and the distance I've gone. At the end of my run, the CV10 reports best mile and reports time for each additional mile. It also displays avg mile and avg BPM.  After reading the other reports, I pray mine doesn't malfunction. But...so far it's been perfect.", "I bought this watch/HRM/distance pod combo back in early 2004 as I began to train for my first marathon. Thousands of miles in training, four marathons, multiple road races and triathlons later, this piece of gear has not let me down.The data it provides is useful and accurate and the device is simple to set up and use. The ability to store 100 laps of data is especially useful in retaining runs for later review before having to delete them for a new run (makes updating your training log much easier).The foot pod is great as it doesn't require a good GPS signal and works regardless of surface. The AAA battery it runs on lasts about four to six months. It seems to be accurate within 2-3%, typically. Dialing it in can take a few runs but it is a fairly straight forward process. I find that the calibration does need slight adjustment each time I get a new pair of shoes, however. Also, if it is dialed in for running out on the road, expect a small variance when you get on a treadmill. The calibration doesn't seem to carry over 100%. It's not that big of a deal, I feel.The HRM strap is very comfortable as others have mentioned and it has stood up to the test of time and looks to be in good shape despite the wear and tear it has endured. I find I have to change its battery about every eight months or so and this is with heavy usage so it is pretty efficient at its battery use. I do find that the HRM signal tends to be a bit spotty when swimming. I've not pin-pointed the reason but some times I get great reception when swimming, other times, not so much.The watch has also withstood some heavy usage as I often wear it as a regular watch in addition to during training/racing. The band is not faded or cracked but the band is maybe a bit less supple than when new. The crystal surprisingly has no scratches.  I attribute this to the raised ring around the crystal that functions to protect the face of the watch. While I see a fair numbers of nicks and scratches in the ring, they don't detract from the appearance of the watch. There are grey rubberized covers over the four side buttons that have begun to yellow a bit from their original light grey but I suppose that's to be expected as the oils from my skin and sweat can be easily concentrated on these buttons.I wish that the light stayed on a little longer when activated. Pushing the light button illuminates the face for three seconds but when running along during those early morning training runs, three seconds really isn't enough to grab your HR, time, etc. Five seconds would be better. While it does stay on as you cycle through modes/functions, it will turn off quickly if you stop scrolling.In three years, I've changed the actual watch battery once. Lastly, the case that this watch comes in is really nice as it can be kept in your gym bag (or luggage) and provide a nice storage place for the watch, strap and pod that will help avoid damage to the devices or loss.I spoke so highly of the watch that my wife decided to get one as well and she too has been as happy as I have with it. Granted the $229 that we paid for each one of them is pretty steep, I will easily replace my CV10 with another should something happen to this one. This product is HIGHLY recommended to any runner looking for an HRM watch with a distance measuring device integrated with it. As a point of reference, I've used both the Garmin Forerunner and Timex GPS based devices with results not equal to this Nike device. In the end, neither of the devices won me over and convinced me to switch away from my Nike.", "I owned the watch for about 30 days and the unit worked fine. Took watch off one day and put it in my pocket and the watch reset and then neither myself or Niketown store manager could get heart monitor sensor to link again. Received replacement and manager linked at store, took home and tried to enter heart rate limits and watch reset and again I could not link sensor. I believe there are better units out there for the money they are charging for this watch.", "So far I like the watch. It is a little big, but the features are easy to access and set. Not so sure of the altimeter accuracy yet, but haven't used for large gains or losses yet.", "Everything was OK. I actually recommend.", "I originally purchased this watch well over two years ago, but through an unfortunate accident broke it.  The break was in no way indicative of he quality of the watch, but the result of freakishly bad luck.  Regardless,  I have spent the last two plus years trying to replace it, & find its equal.  I have had no luck until I stumbled across it again in Amazon.  Love this watch, & would seriously recommend it to anyone.", "Ok ... for starters, I paid $38.00 for this watch ... this watch locally is very hard to even find & retails for over $200.00 ... mine arrived from a retailer in NYC & I have to commend them on the extremely fast shipping & care in packaging this watch for USPS ... mine arrived in flawless condition. The dial is easy to read in extreme light conditions, super easy to set, & I was blown away by the fact it has two time zones, I do believe this little detail is omitted in the product description, or maybe I just didn't look hard enough, not matter. Folks gotta tell ya ... another product here on Amazon.com that deserves a solid 5 stars out of 5 stars. Nice job Nike, Amazon & hats off to Jomashop to filling the order.", "I LOVE this watch!  We bought it for our son 2 years ago and I don't think it has EVER been off his wrist!! The band finally gave up and he is lost without the watch!  I will be buying 2 more of these watches so that he is never without one again.  I should add that my son is very, very active and this watch has spent a lot of time under water and BMXing!!  I truly feel we got our money's worth!", "It keeps great time, has great functionality and the power save feature means the battery last for a few years.  I'm quite happy with it.", "it's got an alarm, stop watch, timer, lap timer, 5 alarms actually, a water break alarm, water resistant, although don't go aggressive swimming with it because water leaked inside mine, and when it gets hot outside, water vapor rises to the glass dial and it blurs out the time...but other than that, it's a great watch, finest i've owned in terms of digital watch, i highly recommend it.", "This is an AWESOME watch - and the service was great.  The watch has a special locking wrist band, so that the watch doesn't fall off.  The service was excellent - I requested 3 day shipping, and got the product overnighted to me - that really helped me out.", "I didn't like the style.  The band was too small.  The watch seemed likeva womans watch so I returned it.", "I bought this watch for my son, a Marine, serving in Iraq, because he requested a sturdy digital with an alarm. This one had a large face which he says is extremely easy to read in any light, especially at night.It is comfortable, and sits close to the wrist with very little profile.He loves it, and asked me to order a second one because he wants a back-up!", "Buying my third one of these, Its a great sailing watch with an easy to adjust countdown timer, my only complaint is that the band only lasts a year or so before the rubber tears from the watch face thus rendering the watch useless as there is no way to replace the band.", "Well, it looks great, big numbers on display, good size and cool design.My big complain it's about the fragility of the wristband. If you dont take good care, it will break! And an original Nike wristband it's too expensive, almost the price of a brand new watch.So, if you want a resistent watch so you can pratice lots of sports and activities, look for some other watches... maybe a G-Shock.. that's what I done!", "I have enjoyed the oregon series watch.  It is good looking.  The band is comfortable and is holding up nicely.  The display is easy to read, and the light is quite good.  My one complaint is that the chronograph is often difficult to clear.  I run a good bit, and I was doing a workout the other day.  I had to keep holding down the clear button to get the old time off.  Other than that, I have enjoyed the watch immensely.  I thought the price was extremely reasonable as well.", "This watch looks and functions great but DO NOT put near water.  It will drown and leave you with a $$$ sinking feeling.  Watch Out for this one!  Bought a Timex next and still ticking, water and all!", "I loved this watch.. until it drowned and went to watch heaven.  I, like some who have reviewed this watch, made the assumption that \"H20 100M\" meant the watch was impervious to water.  Well, I was wrong.  I owned the watch for less than 2 years when on a recent trip to Cancun, condensation started forming inside the glass.  I just brushed it off since it was fairly humid where I was.  But when I decided to take a swim, it took its last breath and died.  The watch was great when dry.  I used the chronograph and timer many times plus the dual time was helpful traveling.", "I've had my watch for one year; it replaced an Oakley D1 (my primary basis for comparison).PROs:+Large, easy-to-read dial+Great stopwatch.  It allows you to stop and restart within the same lap. (Not possible with Oakley D1)+Good workout (stopwatch) memory and analysis features.+Very comfortable rubber band.  The strap keeper is a good invention.+Durable watch body & face.  Constructed of good materials (including mineral glass crystal).CONs:-Water leaked in and condenses on the inside of the crystal at times.-Alarm/Timer sound is VERY weak.-Does not allow simultaneous display of DAY and DATE during standard TIME function.  You can choose for either DAY of the week (TUE, etc.) or MONTH and DAY (NOV 30, etc.)-It is too easy to toggle the sound/chirp on and off.  I think this should be in the ADJUST mode so it is harder to change inadvertently.Overall, I think it's a good watch for ~$50.", "I purchased this watch as a gift for my husband.  The first time it was shipped, the LED light cleared the display.  I called Nike and they said it sounded like a movement issue, so I sent it back to the company that had shipped it.  They sent me a \"new\" watch.  It had the exact same problem.  Nike wasn't aware of the issue with this watch, but it was the second time with the exact same problem.  The store now has the watch on close-out so I will be unable to give it to my husband.  Overall, I'm just very disappointed.", "I was excited to get this watch. It had everything on it that I wanted. Unfortunately the Velcro started to wear out immediately and the worst happened after five and a half months... It died. If you like it beware of the Velcro but may be you will have better luck in getting one with a longer lifespan.", "This watch is basically a timex in a Nike case with a stupid watch band. The watch sits up very high (too high) for this type of band. The watch sticks out from your wrist and catches everything.Watch functions are basic stupid timex type. Chrono, timer, dual time, date, and data.Just a stupid watch. I was hoping for much more- not sure why, but I was.", "On the upside, it looks nice, has decent functions, and has a bright indiglow light. On the downside, it's pointless to use any alarm or timer function seeing as you can barely hear it! Bottom line, I'm keeping my old watch for work and waking up, but keeping this as well for casual days.", "My daughter used this backpack 2 years in a row for 8th and 9th grade. She could have used it another year, but she didn't want to. We washed it and donated it to the local Good Will. Still had a lot of good use left in it!", "I love this bag. It's a perfect size and I use it all the time. It's also a good looking bag unlike many other practical ones.", "So GREAT.this was my first time usig amazon and this guy was so exelent.ThanksAntonio", "Great bag, but i wish it were a little bigger to accomidate my gym clothes/shoes.", "We bought this for our daughter when she was starting Kindergarten.  Now almost three years later it is just now starting to wear out.  I'd say three years with a backpack is a good quality backpack!  This is well worth the money and is a great bag.", "great bag. i have had this for a couple of years now and it has held up wonderfully. wouldn't expect any less from NIKE.", "A lightweight bag, this is just the right size to fit into a gym locker. The material may look a little flimsy at first, but it is surprisingly durable. I have been using this for about a year now (once or twice a week), and it's still like new. The one large compartment can easily store shoes, a full change of clothes, a medium sized toiletry bag and the odd book or two. The straps are sturdy and comfortably placed on the bag for easy carrying. For my needs, there was no reason for me to spend any more - I consider this bag a bargain.", "These sunglasses are exactly what I was looking for.  They are very lightweight and did not slide around during my long run.  I hardly notice I have them on.  They help me stay relaxed while running since I'm not tensing my face to squint, if the sun gets in my eyes.  They did not fog up either.  So far I've been very pleased.  The real test will come on a hot, humid day this summer, but they work as well as I had hoped so far.", "I've been wearing the Tarj line since 2003. For form fitting glasses on a narrow face these are great, just wish I could find the polarized again.", "I'm very happy with my purchase. I where my sunnies everyday. I really like this style. I will buy these again. I hope that won't be anytime soon. I will put them to the longevity test.", "Can't beat these for any sport. The only glasses I have found that stay put.  They are light and durable.", "excellent product. I recommend it, is good quality and finish are very good, the presentation is good thank you very much", "This is actually my second pair of these glasses.  I stupidly lost the others swimming with the kids in  the Gulf of Mexico.  These glasses are comfortable and fit great.  The polarized lenses work great for fishing and other water activities.  The nose bridge is slotted rubber and is great especially if you are sweating.  These would be great glasses for running or cycling as well.", "Durable. Excellent quality. These were the 2nd pair as a gift for our son. He absolutely loves them. I see anoth pair in the future", "I love these sunglasses. Normally I just wear the $5 or $10 pair from Walmart, just in case I lose them or break them. A friend had these and I tried them on and they fit perfectly - but a huge advantage of these are they wrap around my neck, so if I go inside I can just slide them down and they hang on my neck. No strap needed, no worry about putting them somewhere, just hang them around my neck. They are a very comfortable fit, offer great protection from the sun, and I haven't had any problems with either pair that I own. Absolutely love them!", "Just don't like it at all. Fitting is poor and shape is not good at all comparing to a skylon that I've tried", "Received these sunglasses very promptly.  Everything was as advertised.  Great SELLER!!!  Would definitely buy from again in the future.  Thanks!", "This is the second pair of glasses that I have bought.  They last so well you cannot go wrong.  My husband had his first pair for 3 years and used them everyday as a sheriff's deputy.  These glasses have been through many trips through the woods and even fell from a helicopter and survived.  He has even gotten his whole squad to buy them now because of there durability and \"cool\" style.  But seriously, they are great and we will use them again if we ever need to.", "I ordered two Nike gym bags, one medium and one small.  I received them both quickly with no problems.", "This is the most comfortable mat that I have ever used. Has a great surface and I love the dual color option. I have had this mat for several years now and it is still in very good shape.", "I am really very pleased to have purchased these sunglasses. They are ideal for outdoors, very confortable, attach very well, the lenses do not get scratched and it is very easy to change the different set of lenses.I use them for any occasion, not just sports and outdoords. Certainly recommend them.", "I have a real addiction to these Nike Watches - I wish they were still making them! This one is my 3rd and I am going to buy a few more (since they are so inexpensive and have lasted for years) before there aren't any more on the market. I especially like the way this type has the clear plastic at the back. Cute! Comfortable! I am also an artist and I find that I can easily remove any art-making residue, paint, etc. I would give 5 stars but I don't see how I can unless they come out with another new model!", "I am very happy with this watch. This is my 3rd one. The price was good and it arrived in a timely manner.", "Love this watch.  Love this team.  Comfortable, ergonomically correct, and well mad and durable.  They have stopped making them, but this was a great product.", "Very Unhappy with my purchase.  The watch is not as waterproof as it claims.", "I bought this as a gift and was really upset to see it. The dial is too small and without numbers. Its difficult too actually see the time in it. Also the material looks too cheap. Was not expecting this from Nike.", "While I tend to avoid name brand name items, the style and servicability of this watch convinceded me to sport a tiny Nike advertizement on my wrist.It's comfortable, stylish, accurate, and fits well in daily life. I think my watch is delightful.", "I am very pleased with this product. i have been wanting it since it first came out of the market. I love big watches and this Nike Merge is \"big\" it is so Hip and though the strap can be easily soiled, I found out that you can just brush it with soap and water and it will be good as new again.", "EVERYONE SHOULD OWN SOME DIFFERENT WATCHES AND THIS IS AN INEXPENSIVE WAY TO HAVE A UNIQUE ONE/THREE. HARD TO SEE IF YOUR USING TI FOR ACTUALLY WORKOUT WITH OR RUN. THE LED DISPLAY IS A WEIRD REFLECTIVE COLOR THAT'S HARD TO SEE AT A GLANCE.", "Got is a Christmas Gift for My Girlfriend and She loved it! It's comfortable and very fashionable! Everyone keeps asking where she got it! Really awesome and unique product!", "My son loved these!  He wears one every day to middle school.", "This product is such a great idea for when working out. Now I don't have to workout with my regular watch or carry around a cellphone!", "as a bartender who is constantly washing bar glasses, this watch is great because it stays up on your arm and out the way. It looks great and the interchangeable band means you can color-coordinate with your outfit and keep the bands clean with machine washing. my only complaint is its really hard to read in low-light.", "The combo wrist band and watch is perfect for active tennis play, and it is pretty.", "it came with no batery. I changed it, then the watch broke down... no comments... ... ...", "This is my absolute favorite watch of all!  It looks cool, is easy to put on, and to see the time.  I just love it and have it in many colors, but the white one is the coolest.", "This is a very nice watch. Really sporty and perfect for when your bouncing around town in some sweats and a t-shirt. The only thing that keeps this watch from being perfect is that it's very thick and raises high off of your wrist. Higher then what I expected. But overall, it's a good watch.", "Used it a couple of times and the battery was dead, everytime i changed the battery, it lasted about 2 weeks... even worse, after a couple of months the band lock broke. waste of money, and it didnt even looked that good, from the pictures i didnt realize this watch would look like a bracelet... you will regret this purchase, i know i do...", "Husband loves the watch! Very light weight, fits real nice and can be sporty or dressy. He gets alot of compliments on the design as it is very different looking.This is his 2nd Nike watch and will not be his last.", "Outstanding watch it is very light and has great fuctions, it's hightly recomended", "This is a decent enough watch, in fact it seems to be well made. Unfortunately, given the price, I believe the Timex Ironman is a better value. I purchased this watch for the interval training feature, which works great; programming the work and rest segments is easy and the watch runs through the segments until it is stopped, counting the interval along the way.Although some people find the hourly chime annoying, I like it and was disappointed to find that this watch lacks it. When I'm doing a Grease the Groove workout, the hourly chime is a good automatic reminder. Also, I miss the timer function that my Ironman has. The Nike requires the use of an interval segment, which requires a reset of the intervals for subsequent workouts.", "I bought this watch because of the sleek look.  I have my watch on all the time and did not want it to look like a bumpy sports watch.  I am in the water a lot and the glue/conection of the band to the face became separated after owning it about 6 months. I am thinking I should have gotten a bit more for my money and the product name.", "Works great!  I just started running and needed a watch to time walk/run intervals.  Just wish it were a little smaller.  I have very small wrists and it's a little bulky. Although I wanted pink, I'm happy I went with the black.  It's very classy looking and nice enough to wear to work. Very happy with my purchase and would definitely recommend it!", "Bought this for a present for my daughter 2 years ago or less.  The recently broke, it was good watch while it lasted. I felt like the band should not have broken so soon.  The price was right so I guess you get what you pay for.", "I run, bike & swim in my Nike Imara HRM & love it!  It's accurate & easy to use.  The CD that came with it was educational & helpful.  I've had no issues with it picking up other monitors (some other reviewers said it did) even when we're close together.I wish it did 2 things:  1 - provided max hr during workout (real bummer!).  2 - downloaded to my computer (I'm a data geek).  But, for the price $79.00, I'm not complaining!Now, if I could only find a sports bra as wonderful!", "This watch runs late and the alarm is very quiet you can't hear it.Nice design.", "this was a great watch, excellent service.  The order arrived on time and I love the watch.", "The watch was delivered in a very timely manner, but there was no invoice or paperwork when delivered.", "This is the easiest to read watch that I have ever owned! The time and date are very large and bold, great for those of us with less than perfect eyesightThe time was a little off, it gained about 5 minutes in 6 month's time.  Also, the band is plastic, so no surprise when it broke after 18 months, the problem is that there is no way to replace the band.I really liked the style, and with the easy to read face, I am considering purchasing another one in spite of the short comings.", "I had this watch for about four months before both the top and bottom straps started separating from the face. I could still wear it, so I did, until another problem arose: the strap got a big crack in it and eventually broke. All because of normal wear; I'm not that abusive. I thought perhaps it was just that one watch until I sent it in to nike, which returned me a brand new watch for $12, on which the straps began separating from the face AGAIN. One day the strap finally separated completely from the face, so I can't wear it anymore. Now I can tell the problem is that the rod connecting the strap to the face is held in on the ends by cheap plastic that breaks easily, allowing the rod to bend and eventually snap. I loved this watch (both of them actually), but I'm moving on to a watch with a strap that wraps around the face.", "I bought this watch to do interval training.  However, the alarm is so quiet that when I am running I can't hear it, so I might as well just be looking at my wrist every 2 seconds and using a regular watch.", "I'll admit it: I bought this watch because it was cute.  I loved the color.  It is just as cute in person!  I love how it looks and feels on my wrist.  It is very light weight and easy to put on and take off.  The watch is made of a material that definitely holds up over time.  It is still as blue today as it was when I purchased it.  My only complaint is that the face itself is very reflective.  It is sort of difficult to read the numbers on the face when you are out for a run during the day.  That is the only thing that I had a hard time with as far as this watch is concerned.  Other than that, I love it!", "It is hard to see the screen when in certain light and buttons are hard to push while running. On some occasions I thought I pushed the botton and didn't, missing my stop time or lap time. When the run log is full it gives no warning and instead of erasing the first log in watch it just will completely erases the run time you are currently trying to save. Also had the watch for less than a year and took fairly good care of it but the strape broke off within 8 months. Spend a little more money and get the better watch....", "very easy to use. i love the alarm feature. it also looks great, i get compliments about it all the time.", "I actually don't use this for running (I use a GPS watch), but I can't imagine life without a digital watch and I wanted something relatively feminine.  This fit the bill nicely in that way.  (Sorry, but putting pink highlights on a what looks like a smaller version of my boyfriend's watch doesn't make a watch feminine in my book.)It is pretty, and has a nice shape I imagine most women would appreciate.  It goes well with my regular professional attire, though I'd certainly find a different watch for a black-tie affair.Unfortunately, it's a little too pretty - the mirrored dial color makes the face too reflective so I have to look at it more directly than my last watch.  Also, the alarm is a bit quieter than I'm used to, but it's acceptable.  The night light (indiglo) is excellent, of course.Also, I don't want to see the title of what I'm switching to when I hit mode.  For example, when I hit the mode button to switch from chrono back to the time, I don't want/need the screen to say \"intr\", \"data\", \"alarm\", \"time\" and then have to wait for the display to switch from \"time\" to the actual time.  I can tell when I'm back on time because it's, well, telling me the time (and day/date).  Sure, it's just a couple of seconds, but it's annoying and wastes my time.Other than that, here's just a head's up: it freaked me out a little when I didn't see a regular count-down timer, but I soon realized that the interval function can work as a count-down timer.  I just have to turn it off so it doesn't keep automatically repeating.  (Of course, for intervals, this would be perfect.)One very nice point: the watch battery is *very* accessible; one can change the battery with a coin to open the battery cover instead of needing those tiny screwdrivers.A neutral point, and I guess I'll see the value of this after I need to replace the battery: the watch has a \"sleep\" mode which can turn off the display after no button is pressed for a certain number of hours.  I suppose this will save battery life, but I've never had a complaint with battery life on a digital watch... yet.All in all, I'm happy with this watch and am seriously considering purchasing another one in a different color.", "Other reviews noted that this watch is difficult to read, and this is certainly true.  However, I bought the watch primarily for its interval function.  Sadly, the beeps signaling the intervals are barely audible even with minimal ambient noise making this function useless.", "This is a great watch, very sleek, very stylish.  The time numerals are large and easy to read; however, the metalic background is very reflective and can make the face hard to read in bright light, but hitting the backlight button resolves that problem because the numerals light up in a very nice turquoise light.  The band has lots of wholes making it very adjustable.  All in all, a very nice watch.  And I saved money by buying it on Amazon.", "Here are a number of the features I like about this watch/heartrate monitor. I've used this solely for running.-Simple operation after the initial setup(put on heartrate monitor and go)-The cloth part of the chest band is washable-There is no metal that touches your skin so it doesn't make you cold on cold mornings-Lot of display options-Very easy to read screen-Lot of useful features (including interval timing, time in target Heart Rate zone, etc.)-You can have the option of setting a power save so the watch 'sleeps' if it isn't used for a certain number of hours.", "I had three expensive Polar HRM's prior to a suggestion from Boston's best running store to try the Nike C8.I've had the C8 for three years of constant use.  While the data is not downloadable, it is a thorough and efficient monitor for all stages of training and conditioning (e.g., Interval Training, Distance) from start up through full anaerobics. All functions are easily accessible and some are chageable on-the-fly.  Has a large and complete data collection and display function.Batteries are standard lithium CR2032's and easily replaced.", "The watch and chest strap work great.  I have been useing them for about 2 weeks now and have not had any problems.  Setup is fairly simple as long as u use the book it walks u right through every thing.  The only negative about the watch that i have is that i thought i had read that it kept track of you're calories burned but it does not.  As far as keeping track of the distance i'm unsure of.  I dont see anything for that other than if you were running on a track and used the lap mode and every 4 laps is a mile.  All in All it is a great product worth the money.  Even looks/works great as an everyday watch.", "When I tested the watch the chest strap transmitter would not transmit my heart rate data to the watch unless I held the watch less than ~2 inches from the chest strap (impractical during a normal workout). I even changed the battery in the transmitter and it diden't help.  All of the other features of the watch worked fine I'm sure I just happened to get one that had a glitch.  I sent it back to Amazon and got a prompt refund.", "It fit perfectly my needs, a very good HRM that also works with the gym equipments, and a very nice looking watch to use daily.", "I got this monitor because my Polar F11 died.  I've had two middle-to-upper-end Polars and got really tired of not being able to change batteries myself, the \"Coded\" transmitters being nothing more than a marketing gimmick, and my general displeasure with the reliability of the F11.  So I switched from Polar to the C8.  I couldn't be happier. I've had the monitor for about 6 months with no issues.  The features are great and I use the interval timer extensively.  The only thing it's really missing is a timer that shows you how long you've been in your target HRZ while you're working out.", "Product.not reliable.battery went flat after 6 months. Replaced new one went flat again in 2 weeks. then worse, new battery only last 3 days.Service.Totally non available.Contact nike but reply was slow and was ask to contact local agent. Then local agent does not reply. No reply on whether will honour international warranty or not.My recommendation : Think twice before buying.", "I purchased the Nike Triax C8 back in January. After 2 months of daily use it stopped working. I returned the unit to Nike's repair facility. It took 7 weeks for them to return the watch! Well I have been using it for about two months again and guess what? The watch dies in the middle of my run. I changed the battery, still the watch is dead. I will be going back to Polar, the most reliable brand of HRM.", "Good product. Performs well. Easy access to batteries. When using this product while on my treadmill I found it would not show the heart rate readout if it was too close to the treadmill display since there was also one built into the treadmill. This was corrected by either wearing the unit or positioning it on the treadmill arm. It also can be programmed to turn itself off to extend battery life. I would recommend this product", "I have only had this a few weeks, but it works exactly like it's supposed to, and has really helped me out in my workouts.  Because I can now monitor my heart rate correctly, I can run much further without over doing it.  I like the display, it is easy to read.  The watch is large, but not oversized or clunky.", "Let's face it, you buy a watch like this because it catches the eye. I get positive comments every time I wear this one. It's just a quartz watch, with nothing special about the timekeeping. Looks cool though! And it's well made with rugged steel and good finishing. Comfortable too, though the band is not the best quality leather.", "I find this watch unnecessarily heavy.  It doesn't stay put.  The display is hard to view.  I love the style, but if I wanted style alone, I'd buy a bracelet.", "I bought this thinking that it would be a good quality watch that could be a conversation piece due to the stark black with the bright yellow band.  MISTAKE!!!  The LCD display was very dim even after adjusting it, the battery died three days after receiving the watch.  Sent it out to be repaired and replace the battery, received it back two weeks later it stopped working altogether. Gave it away to a friend that had the same watch for parts.", "I like this watch however it is a bit to thick for my wrist. When I wear it, the band gets in the way when I extend (lift upward) my hand moving the watch in such a way it kinda digs into my forearm.  The band also gets dirty easily.  I do like the look though.", "I love the features on this watch such as the date, timer, and light but it is sooo big! I have a tiny wrist and sometimes I feel like it is too bulky and unconfortable. If you have descent size wrist and you don't mind bulk jewerly...I highly recommend it!", "good product, excelent quality, great performance, resistant materials with great features that i ever try it on an electronic device!", "This is a nice sports watch for a person who is on the go. I brought this watch for a girlfriend not to long ago and she loved it! It's attractive to the eye.  Light on the wrist.  It's not a watch you would work out in, but it does accesorizes well with sports gear. I recommend this as a nice leisure watch.", "I gave this watch as a present...it wasn't working and when I went to put the battery in they supplied, it was the wrong battery.  That rots.  Now I have to take it to a store and BUY another battery?  Not happy.", "My wife dropped the link to this watch in my email as a Valentines Day hint.  A nice inexpensive gift that she likes very much.  Comfortable to wear as a sporty watch.  She was very happy.", "This was a gift for my husband.  He loves it and it is a perfect watch for many occasions.  He uses it for casual wear and gym workouts.  No problems and it's a nice size for any guy.My husband can be picky about the size of watch faces and the way bands fit.  This one made him happy.", "although i love the look, features, and band material, this is the chunkiest watch i have ever owned. the face is equal to that of most womens midsize watches.  BUT...it sits a full inch high off the wrist and constantly catches on long sleeved clothing.  i also noticed tingling and eventual numbness in my hand on long runs. the face rubbed on my wrist bone so hard i had to return to my old, scratched timex. maybe this wouldn;t happen to someone with popeye forearms and wrists? but i just do not understand... if timex can wrap all the same features into something more comfortable, why can't nike.  as for features, it is brilliant to see the actual time during chronograph mode. no need to fiddle with the buttons to get at it...which i often get mixed up on my timex and end up splitting laps unintentionally.  set up was a breeze, and this watch face is large enough to read clearly in motion.  i'm unimpressed with the backlight though, hard to engage since it's combined with the chrono clear button.  it also lasts too short a duration. has 2 alarms, but they are too quiet to wake me up.  the timex features a flashing watch face during alarm so if you don't hear it you might at least see it.  the band felt ventilated with the slits, and it was comfortable on my skin. also had several compliments, and one person who said, but it looked like lindsey lohans new alcohol bracelet. more bad than good so i'll be giving this watch away i'm afraid.", "I liked very much my new watch, it is perfect to go to the gym. It have a good design and is very comfortable.", "OK watch, but the picture makes the watch look great.  I bought the watch about a year ago and have worn it once...  Not a great looking watch in person.", "WARNING ... i own a Nike Triax C6 watch and guess what Nike told me when i tried to get it fixed... \"Sorry we've stopped manufacturing spare parts for Nike Watches\" ...Buy at your own risk.", "This watch is perfect for running. Really light and reliable. I even take it in the sauna with no problems", "I think this watch is perfect b/c it's light and good-looking. The only drawback is it's hard to see the time when it's dark.", "Es un reloj con estilo serio y muy bueno. El cristal fuerte y duradero. Lo mejor es lo ergonomico, ya que se modea y da a la vista la hora sin hacer esfuerzo. Es de buen tama&ntilde;o comparado con otros relojes que tienes q hacer un esfuerzo para ver la hora...Recomendado!!!PD: tengo planes de comprarme el mismo pero con otros colores...", "Bought this watch for my girlfriend, thought it was a nice petite sporty watch for her.Pros-Big display-Seems pretty durable-Angled display makes it easier to see-Lights up nicelyCons-Screen is absolutely _not_ scratch resistant, not that it was advertised as such, but you'd think it would be...the face of this watch is totally marred-Not really as small as you would think, honestly it's pretty bulky, but maybe that's what to be expected..looked smaller from the pictures.-The buttons are actually pretty hard to push in, it's annoying how much you have to squeeze them for them to register.-Silver border around the edge honestly looks tacky, it just doesn't really even look that good. no style pointsOverall, I'd say you could probably do some research and find better...I forget what I paid for this, but I wouldn't pay over 30 for it now given the choice. Functionality wise it works fine, the band has lasted, and honestly there's nothing really /wrong/ with this watch..it just isn't all that great. I usually pride myself on finding products that both look and perform well, this isn't one of them.", "Received the watch a month ago from JustBrands. The watch does not work(battery dead?) and have emailed and called the customer service of JustBrand at least eight times with no response. I have included Amazon.com in the emails and still no response. I am requesting the return procedures of JustBrands as I received no invoice or return procedures in the watch shipment. I have disputed the watch charge. I would not recommend this merchant.I purchased the Nike Watch for my Daughter's Birthday and she is disappointed that she cannot use the watch.", "I've had my Triax for 5 years now, and the band just barely cracked, forcing me to look for a new running watch.  The screen is hardly scratched and I haven't had any problems with the buttons.  Everything still works great, I just can't replace the band, unfortunately.", "I love this watch...I use it mostly for my daily life and running. I love the look of it too. The only problem I have is that the band will eventually start wearing down and tearing and you are unable to replace the band since it winds around the watch face. I've own probably 3 of these watches total in my life and every time, the band wears out before the watch does...it will start to tear at one side and then the band just breaks apart. So that is my only issue with the watch, otherwise I liked it for my everyday watch.", "I purchased this watch for my wif'e birthday. I was nervous about it because it was a Nike Watch ... not a Nike Shoe.My wife loves this watch. Her hands are in and out of water everyday on her job and because the watch is waterproof she doesn't have to worry about it. She loves the comfort of the band ... it doesn't irritate her wrist at all. Especially she loves the angle that the watch head itself sits on the band ... she doesn't even have to turn her wrist to see the time.I couldn't have made a better choice for her lifestyle. Thanks Nike/Amazon.", "Recieved the watch last month and was impressed with the looks and the fact i could wear it and not worry about it getting wet.  My job in a school is very hands on and unfortunately the chrome bezel fell off after only 3 weeks.  i now have to find someone to glue it permanently on as the trouble to send it back is too much.", "My wife enjoys the functionality and the stylish look. Might have been too many buttons in the beginning but she is getting the hang of the settings.", "I find this watch bulky, and not very comfortable.  It is difficult to read, and the date is practically microscopic.  It is MUCH easier to read in the dark when it is backlit.", "It IS a bulky watch. I would not recommend this if you have very thin wrists (like me) and are looking for something understated. However, if you like big jewelry this one is for you. I like it because it sort of screams \"I'M A WATCH\". And I like the back lighting; good for in the movies, if the lights go out, and nighttime re-conning. :o  And as noted in the other review the date if teeny, so carry a calendar.", "I gave it to my wife and few months later I'm looking again for another watch to buy.The wrist band turned yellowish and came off the center part. The watch still work fine but as a pocket watch.", "Being an ol'fart, i wanted a no nonsense watch that i could actually read without reaching for my reading glasses.this nike watch fills the bill very nicely,it's a little heavy but that's because it's built rather well,..my only real complaint is that once in a while for no apparant reason it'll lose all it's settings and you'll have to reset everything,..annoying but all in all it's a pretty nice watch for the price.", "I got this watch a few weeks ago. When it arrived, I was very impressedby its design and weight. Its a serious piece of heavy metal, and very cool looking. HOWEVER....after setting the time and playing with the stop watch function, the watch went haywire, displaying jibberish and making painful noises. I returned it to the seller, for another one (seller did a good job)I set the time, I tried using the stopwatch again. Instead of crapping out, it just reset itself back to 12:00 am.  I reset the time, and vowed never to use the alarm or stop watch functions. To sum things up. Its a pretty watch, but I wish it worked better. I kept it cause I like how it looks, and don't really need the other functions.", "I just received my second delivery of this watch.  The first one i purchased from ebay, and after 2 days it went haywire.  I put in a what I thought was a new battery from Radio Shack, but the watch was still acting weird.  The display was showing some jibberish and it made weird noises.  I returned the watch and bought this one from Amazon, opened up the box and it was dead.  I ended up metering the battery and it read .12 volts.  It is supposed to read 1.5 or more volts.  I also metered the battery from Radio Shack.  That one only read .42 volts.  Did I return the other watch for no reason?  Did it just need a new battery?  Turns out, Yes.  I returned the weak Radio Shack battery, exchanged it for one that read 1.54 volts in the store, brought it home and the watch worked fine.  I've read other reviews on this watch and i've seen similar descriptions of wacky this happening after a period of time.  This watch needs at least 1 volt of power to work right.  Nike came out with this watch at the end of 2005 and most of the batteries will be dead if you buy one now.  Just have some spare batteries around to enjoy this watch.  Buy this watch if you are looking for a comfortable, simple, durable, wicked cool, and affordable timepiece.", "VERY LIGHT WEIGHT (ALUMINUM), IN A NICE DEEP BLUE COLOR.DIAL IS EASY TO READ IN DAYTIME; AT NIGHT JUST PRESS THE LIGHTBUTTON. (I ALSO HAVE ONE OF THESE IN AN EYE CATCHING COPPER COLOREDBAND WITH A BLACK DIGITAL DIAL.) I CONSIDER THIS WATCH TO HAVE A SIMPLE YET ELEGANT MODERNISTIC LOOK, WHICH I LIKE IN ANY OBJECT. J.", "I really liked the look of the watch, but after wearing it for several months the band broke and there are no replacements available other than sending it back to Nike and you know how that goes. I won't see the watch for months. plus the band was almost as much as I paid for the watch.", "The product works fine. There were no problems with it or it's arrival to the desired location in a timely and successful manner.", "Not only the price was great, but it does exactly what I need it to.... and super fast shipping!  If I had been home to receive the package, I would have received it within 24 hours of ordering it.  I would definately order from this seller again.", "This is a nice watch however if you are looking for a small face to fit a man then this isn't for you.  The wrist band is not very long and because of the design there is not going back. I may try to sell this on for a larger wrist band since I can only get it on the last hole.", "The watch is a very sporty one, it looks great on a small wrist. Realy was surprised by the look of it. Easy to use.", "This is a beautiful color.  However it is plastic and hard, where the other colors (some of them like the black) are soft rubber type.  This can result in a stiff piece of jewelry.  However, I just put it on one notch looser and it is fine, but if I could buy all over again, it would be the black one of this model, as I tried the black one on in the Nike store and it is very comfortable.  Also, accident switches to another \"mode\" on the watch can happen easily, meaning that frequently you have to push a button to change the mode back to time.  The other modes are for things I dont use like alarm and laps, that type of thing.  It is not a bother to push a button a couple of times here and there.  I love the display with the date and time in a pleasant way (not too big or too small and appealing letters/data).  I recommend the watch, but only take in account of my perception.  I don't think you will buy it and return it, but you may wish to buy the rubber kind in the future (this same make and model come in either gloss plastic or rubber matte and this one is the gloss plastic).  I hope this helps and happy timing!", "The plastic on the band is a bit harder than I expected.  I thought it would be a softer feel... Instead the watch feels sweaty and sticks to my skin a bit.  It is an easy watch to figure out all of the gadget parts to.  I do like the simplicity of it.", "The watch band broke after I had it for only a few months. It is not meant to withstand normal use. I sent for a new band and when it arrived (literally 2 months later), I had it fixed. But it broke AGAIN. After that, I purchased a different Nike watch which also broke. Nike clearly does not invest in making quality watches.", "I'm so disappointed with Nike.  I got this beautiful watch for my birthday and can't wear it anymore. The plastic band tore with only 9 months of normal wear.  Nike doesn't sell replacements bands and there are no aftermarket bands that will fit.  Searching about today, and I'm reading nike reviews commenting on the plastic bands tearing.  This is terrible and Nike should step up and fix this.", "Real progress is made with heart rate, not with RPM or MPH.First of all, the watch is simple to set up, and the chest strap is comfortable.Secondly, this is an invaluable tool to proper fitness, it is accurate and informative.  (you cannot slack off with this strapped on!)I reccomend this to anyone who is serious about fitness.", "no problem with the watch.  the directions are easy to follow on the manual/instructional CD.  the C6 is the only version of the Triax which counts calories- a great plusthe only complaint i have is that i couldn't get a heart rate reading when i wore the band over my under armour shirtother then that- i'm very satisfied with the watch & price", "It looks like this watch is discontinued now, which is too bad.  I've owned mine for at least two years now.  I've used it in spin classes, yoga, bike rides, and on hikes.  I've used the watch itself as my only wristwatch for about a year and a half.Pros:* Calorie counter.  Tells you how many calories you burned in your workout.  It seems to be reasonably accurate.* Reliable.  It's never failed to get a signal.  I've still never replaced the batteries.* Simple.  There isn't a whole lot to it, after you complete the initial set-up.* Legible.  Having looked at some other HRM watches, I can say that in comparison the C6 has a fantastic display.* Great chest strap.  It's low profile, and lays nice and smooth against my chest -- no uncomfortable plastic buckles or anything.  It's also waterproof, I regularly rinse it out and hang it to dry after a workout.  You don't have to unclip the monitor portion when washing, unlike a Polar that I recently looked at.* Great value for the money.  Again, compared to others I've looked at.Cons:* The light/reset button (press for backlight, hold to reset the interval timer) has always been *extremely* difficult to hold down long enough to reset.  I don't know if all are like this.  I'm a rock climber (i.e. strong hands) and it's still tricky for me to apply enough consistent pressure to reset the timer!* The bottom edge of the black rubber separated from the sides of the watch after about a year.  It hasn't gotten any worse, and isn't noticeable when the watch is on.* You can't transfer full workout logs to your computer.  I have no need of this, but maybe you do.", "i bought this watch after some research on the web and comparing Polar and Nike watches. This watch was a perfect balance between price and functions, i do not need anything else to check my workout.", "I originally got this watch back in 2005 after failing my Air Force PT Test. I worked out with it for quite some time but eventually needed to record workouts over a period of time, not just one at a time.This very simple watch does a good job in several aspects. It will tailor your hear rate zones to how you feel or you can punch them in manually (the method I use now).The only issue I've had is that the strap's battery runs out well before the watches. The strap takes a simple and inexpensive computer motherboard battery so finding a replacement is easy.I'm torn between 3 and 4 stars, but I ended up with 4 simply because I've had this thing for ever, and it is still keeping track of my workouts; if only one at a time.", "I bought this watch originally for my bf about 2 years ago, but as he wasn't using I decided to put the watch to use. This is THE BEST HR MONITOR WATCH out there! Ok, you need to go through the tutorial to understand all the functions but it is so easy to use and it's perfect if you are looking to know what is your heart rate, the number of calories burned etc...! I recommend it anytime!", "Great watch. I got it as a gift for my husband and he loves it. He uses it every single day (he works out like crazy) and said he loves the watch.I am hapy for the money I got him a great gift and fabulous value.Highly recommend.", "I have been using the triax C5 for about a year and a half and had no problems whatsoever. Using it at least 4 times a week for Tae-Bo and mountain biking. excellent price/quality.", "my husband loves the big face on the watch that's tilted for easy viewing while running. he never takes it off - even in the shower. the heart-rate monitor reads clearly and easily.", "I purchased this watch and was very happy with it during the first 6 months.  It provided consistent and accurate readings and was compatible with the Gyms treadmills.  After 6 months I started noticing that the monitor took several minutes to display a heart rate on the watch.  I replaced the battery thinking that was the culprit.  The watch still takes anywhere from 5-15 minutes before displaying a reading.  When it eventually does display one it has huge swings.  It's at 155 one minute, then at 260, then back to 135....it has come to the point where it is completely unreliable and I'm now researching for another monitor.  I would have thought it was somehting with the way it was fitting on my chest, if it wasn't for the fact that I've worn it the same way since I've got it and it worked great for 6 months.  It's too bad because I enjoyed it while it lasted.", "Watch is exactly what I hoped for. Seller was easy to work with as well. Will look to do more business in the future.", "Had to return. No instructions and when Nike emailed me a manual nothing was working on the watch. Very disappointed.", "The watch keeps good time and is easy to read even while biking/running, however the silver ring/face bezel fell off after a year.", "I am some what pleased with the watch, at times the watch has trouble staying with my heart rate and when that happens it shows a really low heart rate.", "I've been using this HRM for over a year, it has never given me a problem, I lost my chest strap, but I was able to buy it on [...].I love this HRM because it can stand all the training I do (I do triathlons), the battery for the watch and the chest strap is user replaceable (so that you don't have to send it somewhere and be charged).Also I love the fact that the chest strap works with all the equipment at the gym, the treadmill, the elliptical machine and so forth. It's a great feature!", "I chose this watch because I didn't want to spend a lot of money but also wanted a functional watch that was easy to use. I liked the look and feel of this model more than the bottom line Polar watches. It looks good as a casual watch. It's easy to use and I like that when the battery goes out in the chest band that you don't have to send the whole band back, like you do with Polar.I used this when I trained for a half marathon. It's got current heart rate information and at the end of a workout give average heart rate. The one thing it doesn't have is max heart rate for the workout. That's the one thing I wish it had - because I want to know what my max heart rate is to determine my workouts based on % of heart rate. I got around this by running some fast half mile intervals and then looking at my heart rate at the end of the interval.", "It is excellent, it is not the first one I bought, and the result is great. You can also use bands of other heart rate monitors with this watch and they work great. The size is wonderfull for both, women or men.Really I still do not know what the cd  is for.", "I needed a monitor that would accurately provide my heart rate, a chrono, and didn't look like my mom's watch. It accomplishes it all and the strap isnt even unconfortable at all. So far it has been all that and for a lot cheaper than a polar.", "I bought this watch on Amazon for my husband, who is an avid runner, and he LOVES IT !!  He sometimes has difficulty with the heart rate while running because of sweat (so he says) but otherwise no complaints (and he can be a tough critic).", "I bought a Nike Triax C5 heart rate monitor watch a year ago. The strap is already falling apart near the bezel. The watch has a 2 yr warranty but do not cover the strap or the crystal, even if the problem is poor workmanship.", "I have had my Nike Triax C5 for a few months and I like it a lot. It is easy to use and has been pretty accurate. I think it is a good purchase for anybody that wants just a basic heart rate monitor.", "I needed a new watch after mine broke, and this one caught my eye.  The orange numbers against the grey face is stunning.  I purchased it from Amazon and it arrived quickly, I was anxious to see it up close.It's bigger and heavier than my last watch.  Actually trying it on was a bit of a challenge.  I proved that I was indeed smarter than the wristband after a few moments.  Hint: press down on the swoosh.  Setting the time, day, and date was simple enough.The one complaint I have is the date display is very difficult to read.  I had to get really close and squint a bit to read it.  If I need to know the date, I'll pull out my cell phone instead of reading my watch.  It was obviously designed to be aesthetically pleasing from a distance, which it is.I've worn it every day since I received it and so far this is the beginning of a beutiful friendship.  I have received compliments on it already.  The guy behind the counter at the brake repair place said \"hey, that's a nice watch\", and I replied, \"thanks, I think so too\".", "its a decent watch, the strap is actually quite bigger than what it looks in the picture, its more like a belt actually,display is ok but very much prone to scratches,the plus point however is that its does have a good sporty look , just hope that it lasts long enough!", "I love the watch, and BikeSomeWhere.com got it to me quickly for free shipping (about 5 business days).  It's quite large, so be prepared for that - the strap is over an inch wide.  However, I have to take 1 star off for the fact that the strap color does not match the picture.  It says \"Desert\" on the packaging, but it's a darker color rather than the light color you see above - here is a more accurate picture.  I was hoping for the lighter colored band, but I like it enough to keep the dark band instead.", "This is a great watch. It has many functions, and is very stylish. I still haven't figured out all of its functions, yet I have gotten many compliments! Makes a really great gift.", "I bought this watch about 8 months ago; it looks great and you can move the watch around the opposite way on your wrist so it looks like a wristband, looks cool I think. Very comfortable too. The time/date setting of the watch isn't hard but not very easy either; the stopwatch is not as user friendly as an iron-man.  Actually none of the functions are user friendly like an iron man.  The worst thing to me, is that the leather watchband starts to stink after a month or so.  A really weird almost skunk-like smell.  I never showered with it on so the smell was just from normal wear.  If you wipe the leather down with windex or some kind of cleaner it helps the smell but it wont go away totally.  Somebody actually stole mine from a gym recently, don't know who would take a used stinky watch but it does look cool.", "This is a very nice and modern fashioned clock.The size is as espected. Highly recommended.", "Good quality, nice runners features... but it is bigger than I thought it was. I am getting acquainted to it. Sure I will.", "This watch looks pretty cool (although i'd recommend changing the strap) but it has had no thought whatsover put into the functions and their practical everday use.WHY ITS BAD**To actually set the time you have to hold the light button down until the digits reset?!  Just think whats gonna happen if youre fumbling around in the dark or you accidentally trap it on something for more than 10 seconds.**There is NO DAY!!!! The date, time are displayed but not if its monday or tuesday etc so if youre like me and have no concept of time or work a job that just rolls on day after day u are screwed.**Basic user interface is terrible! Using the stopwatch is awkward as it takes 3 buttons to start, stop & reset (which is also time consuming as you have to hold the light down just like set the time). There's an alarm as well but after 6 months i got no clue how that works!**The watch band rotted away after two months. That wasn't so bad for me as i replaced it with something much better as i originally intended but thats the sort of build quality were looking at`here.**The face is highly polished and scratches easy. Personally i dont mind it scratching as i prefer that used look but some may object.This watch really doesn't have any worthwhile features and just looks good but works like a cheap-o. Expect it to tell the time (but not the day) and maybe act as a stopwatch if you can be bothered.im disappointed as i expected better from Nike.", "Unbelievable Watch! I have them in both brown and black straps. I get at least one comment per day on how cool and nice my watch is!This watch will be on my wrist for a long time to come.", "Hoola! =Dsolo lo habia visto aqui en amazon... y me gusto el dise&ntilde;o y el estiloy como estaba baratolo compreno me arrepiento, esta genial", "Bought this for my 11 year old who always has trouble with straps and closings on previous watches.  This one just clips onto the wrist and it has stayed on ever since.  The bright color is attractive.It claimed to be the easiest watch in the world to set the time and date etc but I had trouble manipulating the hour / minute sequence and finally gave it up to someone else.Would recommend this watch for preteens / teens who want something practical and trendy at a good price.", "Really liked the watch... The color was a little brighter than in the picture... It tells the time, date, a stop watch, and a light so that  you can see in the dark... I like it because you don't have to buckle it, it just clasp right on you wriest.... so you can put on and take off your watch in no time!.. and people like me, who are always on the good.. this is the watch for you...", "It's a nice watch, but not very durable and the users manual is a real mess.  A decent, but overpriced, simple watch.", "This watch is for my  daughter, and is, in fact, her third Presto Cee.  One disappeared in the surf in Costa Rica, another was stolen by an actual robber when she was asleep.  Knowing how much she loves this petite watch - it is comfortable for her lifestyle - I felt badly that she was without a comfortable watch.  She's allergic  to base metals, and this one doesn't cause a reaction ( a significant criteria for success); she runs and works out a lot, and this is comfortable for these activities.  Plus, it's pretty cute.  This blue one is possibly a little brighter than she might have liked, but it's cute anyway and doesn't  look inappropriate when she's dressed for work in an office.", "someone bought me a version of the same design by Nike and I bought one for my sporty sister.  I love the sleek look, and although the open bangle bracelet design looks funky and stiff it's really great and easy to wear, especially because of the rubber wrist pads on the underside.  The 2 button settings are actually easier than 4 buttons to set time and date.  I thought I'd scratch up the clear plastic surface too but it still looks like new and I wear it everyday.", "Simple watch to operate for tech-challenged people.SO sharp looking and they keep going and going and going...I have 12 of them in all different colors, I love them all.", "The Nike Presto is stylish and cute, but not worth the money.  It hurt to wear and the strap/bracelet broke after only two weeks.  I wouldn't buy it again.", "I love, love this watch.  It is nice enough to wear dressy and practical for working out.  I had one before for a while and the plastic finally broke (which is why it doesn't get a 5).  You can't replace the band because it all one piece.  I liked it enough to get another though.  Some people might find the band uncomfortable and it has caught on things on flown off so its not good for all activities, but otherwise all good.", "I have a blue Nike watch, and really like it. Ordered this one to wear every day; however, it is really a child's watch. It is for wrists of approx. 5 inches. Unless you are tre petite, this won't fit.", "I've been looking for a watch for awhile and this watch is perfect!!I have a skinny wrist, so most watches don't fit me- I like this watch because it has basic features; time,date,and timer. And it has indiglow too. You can set regular time or military time. Plus its stylish so it looks like a bracelet!", "I have had this watch for a few years and always have people commenting on it. It is comfortable, easy to put on, clear dial, handy date and chronometer. My only frustration is the two times a year I have to set it. I can never remember how, so I spend about 30 minutes trying to figure it out! Still, it is one of my favorite watches. I just need to document how to set the date and time.", "I love my little presto watch.  even though it's plastic and sporty-looking, the tortoise ups the style ante.  it fits my small wrist perfectly, easy on/off, and very light - making it a great alternative to my heavy bracelet watch.  on one occasion it's fallen off while putting on a jacket w/ fitted sleeves so now I am a little more careful w/ it.  the time/date functions are easy to adjust and the glow button is a great function.  definitely a purchase well worth the price!", "I ordered this fun watch for a friend. The digital numerals didnt show up correctly, she tried to return for exchange, big hassle so when I tried to exchange it was no longer available despite several sites saying that it was. Another watch from Nike ordered at the same time stopped working after 1 month--returned that one. Attractive, fun product with poor reliability.", "Cute, but you'd have to have the tiniest wrist in the world for it to fit comfortabtly", "Great watch! Very stylish and easy to read. Many compliments everytime my wife wears it.", "I have had two watches before this which were the \"normal\" ones and took a chance on this one.  Love the color, accuracy and style!  Many comment on it and want to know where I got it.  Very pleased with this purchase.", "this Watch is a gorgeous bright green bangle type watch. its got a beautiful face, the band is a comfortable fit, and it got from YOUR SHOP to me in 7 days IMPRESSIVE as i live in australi", "This watch is a nice buy. It is a little bigger than expected but it is cool looking and is used primarily for working out. The price is very reasonable as well.", "The watch is handsome, and I had alot of my co-workers ask me about it, but its huge and gets tiresome at the end of the day.", "as an avid fan of the \"King\" Lebron James, i found this watch very amusing. the rubber bracelet is indeed quite thick, and prolonged use might appear to be weary but ive used it quite a bit now, and i found the watch very comfortable to wear. the functions are great, typical of a Casio G-shock watch. it looks sturdy, plus it has a Lebron logo, and the name Lebron written on the band. a great watch for Lebron collectors likewise.", "As far as appearence it is not your average watch, width of watch face and band is one and a half inches wide and has a bit of a bulky apperance. This makes it a bit uncomfortable to wear, but not enough to worry about. Functionality is great, large display is easy to read, stopwatch, timer, and alarm are all easy to use and work great,it even has a power save mode which I've never seen in a watch before . It is a good, solid watch and worth buying if you like it's unique style.", "This was a gift, which the person loved, and I loved the price, $30.00 cheaper than everywhere else", "this watch is a durable, fantastic watch with a good reputation.  thank you amazon!!!!!!!!!!1", "I usually get \"Wow! That is a big watch\" or just \"Wow, nice watch.\" I say, yeah I bought it on the web and I had no idea how big it was going to be. This watch is big. It's surprisingly not very heavy at all. Very well put together. The band is some space age type super vulcanize rubber. I'm only half joking. I don't know what the stuff is, but it's very comfortable and super durable.The glass is amazingly scratch resistant. I've looked at the face a couple of times after whacking it on a door or a computer or whatever and thought, \"this is it, scratch city\" and nothing. Not even the slightest scratch. Again, I think Nike is using alien technology - probably from the Vulcans.I don't use any of the features. There are a few I'm sure. I just haven't been interested in any of the features from day one.  It was really strange, I just took the instruction booklet and hucked in a drawer.That's all I have to say on this watch. Oh yeah, did i mention it's huge.", "Ive probably owned 5-6 Timex Ironman watches in the last 20 or so years. I always loved them becuase they were tough, and very practical. When my latest expedition broke its band, I thought I would try something else. I need a watch to keep my time in the pool and other gym activities, so I thought I would give the Nike Hammer a try.First of all, I know other people have said it, this watch is *huge*. I knew it was big, but was still somehow shocked. Saying this watch is big is like saying Angelina Jolie is \"attractive\". Just doesnt really hammer the point home. If you have small or frail wrists, it will probably look out of place. But thats fine - I am a very big, stocky guy - so I need a big watch... Well, as big as this watch is, it will barely fit on my wrist. And because of the design of the band, I doubt you can get a longer one (unlike a Timex watch, where there are usually a gazillion aftermarket bands that would work just fine). So I was kind of dissapointed in the band length.I am big, but I'm not andre the giant big. My wrists are about 9.5 inches in diameter. Anyone with wrists much bigger than that, will definetly be out of luck.Other than that the watch is very awesome. Speaking about the band, it is nice that it is some type of polymer plastic, since I use this watch for my timing in the pool... fabric bands are no good, these polymer bands dry off in a quick second.I think it looks great, and the display is very large and easy to read. A nice touch, when you are in countdown mode, you can switch back to displaying the current time and a progress bar is displayed underneath the time. The bar shrinks in size as the time is counted down. Gives you a quick rough idea how much time is left in your routine.Overall, I'm happy with it so far. Definetly has a cool unique look!Ive had several \"cool watch!\" comments in the first day.", "This watch is large in size as noted in some of the other reviews.  However, this is one of the things that I really like about this watch.  This will not be mistaken for a unisex watch as the size and stature is very masculine.  All the features work as advertised and the display is actually easier to read than I expected.  Also, after being able to compare several Nike watches in a local store, this one is by far the most stylish for men.  The watch also is sized very nicely in terms of fit.  I'm very satisfied with my purchase both from a functional standpoint and visual standpoint.", "This is my second Nike watch and I like it very much.  Big bright display, buttons are easy to access, and the basic functionality is good.  the curvature of the metal around the face will (hopefully) protect it from scratching.  The band is OK once its on but a quick release strap would have been easier and probably longer lasting - my last nike watch with a rubber band eventually cracked.  For the price Amazon charges its worthwhile but I wouldn't pay retail.", "My wife purchased this watch for me as a b/day present, i was at first a little baffled by the design, but it is a great item to have as a rugged everyday time piece.The numbers are big and large for those who cant see well and is water resistant just in case you forget it on while you go swimming.I give it 4 stars for its features,quality,design and price.", "I have owned 2 other Nike watches and they have done me well.  The industrial/rugged look of the Hammer watch was why I chose it.  The watch is large but does not over power your wrist.Pros: Stylish, rugged, easy to use buttons, and the night light is decentCons: Watch sometimes gets stuck under long selves, like some watches if you type while resting wrists on a surface might be uncomfortable.Overall I would recommend this watch to any one who wants a watch that will look good day to day or out on the trails.", "Wow, very solid constuction. Nice bright illumination. Big numbers as well as full functions. The band is extremely comfortable.No doubt a real winner.", "The \"Nike Men's Hammer Watch\" (#C0021-001) is freakin' AWESOME!!! It is pretty huge but I really like it. It reminds me of a watch you'd see a character wearing on \"Futurama,\" very space age-ish... And this watch REALLY is a one size fits ALL :O)", "I returned another watch I purchased through this vendor and was very impressed at how efficient the return system was implemented.The watch rocks.  Its stylish and rugged and the band probably will not break like 99% of all watch fails I've been through.", "This watch is awesome. It has a very large, crisp display with a greenish-blue backlight, very easy to read in the day or at night. The watch displays the time in large numbers with the date below the time. The chrono is easy to operate and displays the time in 100th's of a second. The watch also has 2 countdown timers and an alarm. The band is wery wide with numerous notches so you can customize the fit close to your wrist size. The metal face contrasts nicely with the back band, giving the watch rugged good-looks. Even though the watch is large, it is well balanced and does'n feel clunky.", "This watch looks fantastic, it's big, just as other reviewers have mentioned.  Very comfortable to wear with a wide strap and thick case.  I like the contrast of the chrome and black. I didn't get any instructions but it's very intuitive to set. It allows for 2 alarms and 2 time zones to be set, very cool if you travel.  From what I've read post-purchase, this watch needs to be sent to a service center to have the battery changed.  That's a little inconvenient, but since this isn't my every day watch it will be fine.  Amazon offered a great price, it was a no brainer!", "I don't know how to write that grunting sound Tim Allen makes on \"Home Improvement\"...but I'm sure he'd make it about this watch. This is a big honkin' macho man's watch on steroids. Looks as if could last through a nuke blast. Big and brawny as it is, it's still very comfortable...the wide band is made of some hi-tech rubbery stuff that feels great. Nice large display of time, day, and date. Watch face is protected by the angled bevel of the metal frame around it. This isn't for guys who need a Rolex to announce their net worth or those who want some high-style fashion statement out of Europe. This one is for telling time easily with a watch that looks like testosterone would if it were a watch. Nike.....who knew?", "This watch looks interesting and unique on a computer screen. When I actually got the item it was just too big for my liking. It is advertised as a sports watch but the size and weight of it make it an impractical sports watch. I returned it immediately. If you're not an above average sized person I don't recommend you purchase it.", "Great watch, great price.  This is an awesome watch for weekend wear and sporting activities.  It is a little big, but draws attention.", "This watch is very stylish and sporty. Also extremely sturdy. The seller shipped this product very quickly and it was new, just as advertised.", "My husband LOVED this in the store- and I found it here MUCH cheaper- hooray for Amazon! He loves it, it looks great and it's waterproof- so he can wear it swimming, etc.", "I really like this watch.  It is big, and heavy and is pretty solid.  I only wear it rarely as a change, because it is so big. I have worn a Timex T62951 for years which is much more comfortable.  I like the Nike watch, but it just seems too big for every day use if you are active.", "We were extremely impressed with the Nike watch we ordered.  We like the big screen and the features such as the backlight, stop watch, etc.  We plan to going scuba diving with this watch.  We have received a lot of compliments on the watch from other people.  Also, the seller provided fast shipping and the watch was just as described.  Thanks!", "If you have wrists that are smaller than a typical tree trunk, then this might not be the watch for you - it's a monster! Given that the electronics in this thing must weigh nothing, it's obvious that Nike has packed the case with redundant chunks of metal to make it so heavy. Just wearing it for a day gives your arm a workout! However, if you're in the market for an eye-catching big digital watch that has a clear display with large numerals that shows all the basic information (time, seconds, date), that's fairly affordable then this might be the one for you.If you want a similar watch that's not so big, check out the Nike Blade watch - the styling is less dramatic, but it won't break your wrist to the same degree.", "The Nike Hammer is well designed and finish is excellent. The controls are intuitive.  I did not receive a manual with the watch, so there are still some aspects of the watch I have not discovered.  The only negative for me is that the band is VERY wide, so it is great for working out and bike riding, and not so great for use with long sleeve shirts. Also the watch case is very thick, so keep in mind that it is awkward to wear with a sportcoat or suitcoat.  I like the digital dial, very easy to read. The back light is bright and easy to use as well.  For working out and casual wear this is a great watch.", "My daughter has this watch; and I noticed I wore it more than she did so I thought it best to get my own. She wanted hers back. I wear it to work and to exercise. Great watch.", "I was totally amazed at the speed of delivery!  I got it w/in 3 days of ordering! It is exactly what I wanted/needed.  Love the Nike Triax design.Thank you!!", "WARNING ... i own a Nike Triax C6 watch and guess what Nike told me when i tried to get it fixed... \"Sorry we've stopped manufacturing spare parts for Nike Watches\" ...", "If you like BIG watches, then this is for you! It is very comfortable and you can tell the time really good!!", "Bought this for my sister who has everything or what she doesn't have I can't afford.  She loved it.  It is sporty but nice.", "I like the color and it is beautiful, but it fits only in the left wrist (because of its design). Unfortunately I use watch only on right wrist.", "Very disappointed about this product. I've had it just few months and the metal around the front came off and I've not even exposed the watch to water or anything, even though it's supposed to be water resistant. You can tell that the metal was not glued properly to begin with. The band material is also not durable, the shiny coat on the plastic band is wearing off as well.Very delicate watch, not sporty at all...which is what one should expect of a Nike product.", "Not sure how it is, bought it as a gift; but since last decade I've been buying ONLY NIKE watches for myself I must say that is a trustworthy buy.", "Swanky sporting watch..got a true fit.I even purchased the gold its slightly different but just as nice.", "When you want to express Style, Class and Sophistication, the Nike TI watch gives you all that! This is an awesome watch with all the functions of a digital watch you could ever want. The stunning design will tell people that you are someone who is confident, secure and successful. Great watch at a great price!", "I bought the watch because I wanted a digital watch made out of titanium because of a nickel allergy that's in everything stainless steel. Have worn it over a month and it's comfortable and does not cause any reaction. I think that it's good looking too. My only complaint is that, unless you hit the backlight button, the contrast in the digital display isn't very high and it's a bit tough to see if you're taking a quick glance to tell the time.", "I have had this watch for several years.  This is the first nike watch I bought (I have since purchased several more).  It's great, and everyone that see's it comments on how cool it looks.", "Titanium watch from nike... I love this watch first time I got it... the way it looks, simple but cool... sadly, because of the size of the watch I have to return this back... one other thing, this watch should be even better if the light is brighter...", "This has been a good watch so far. I've owned it for about a month and have yet to get the band resized, but that's my fault. It's actually not too bad of a fit out of the box. I have owned the Freestyle Shark Mako for many years and this one is definitely more \"dressy\" and more simple in its features. The stopwatch function only gives time at the level of seconds and not tenths of a second, so if you're into needing that level of detail this will not be the watch for you. I have found so far that many of the features or my perceived need to see lots of information at once has not been missed. I would rather have the style that this watch provides and I am enjoying the simplicity.", "I still have not recieved this item, and it has been over a month since I ordered it.", "i have had it over a year now and i love it it been one of my fav watches i ware it to all my sport games and the back ground is a little heard to see but alls you have to do is hit the light and u can see it", "The watch is great, fits fine, lots of great features but the black background and the grey numbers make it very difficult to read especially if you were running!", "I never return items, but this is unusable.  I can hardly read the display.  I attempted to adjust the contrast setting, but it had no noticeable effect.I had a triax and love it.  just  dont get the black on black.", "I like the way the watch looks and it is fully featured.  My main complaint, is that the buttons are really sensitive.  Half the time I look at my watch it says 4:00 AM (which is the time I have my alarm set to).  The Orange button on the front is what toggles this, so anything that touches it switches to the alarm mode.  This has become really annoying", "My dad wanted this watch for working out and playing sports after he saw it at Dicks Sporting Goods.  Well, I bought it on Amazon for the third of the price and he's been enjoying it ever since.  He love it!", "So the watch is exactly what I wanted, except it was sized for a male wrist. The item is listed as midsize, but if you actually read the watch information, it states the band size is \"unisex\" and the product description states that the watch is \"for men and women.\"Any watch sized for both genders is way too big for my wrist. My understanding is MIDSIZE is meant for women/smaller wrists. I really wanted an s-shape Nike watch (with a high lap count) to conform to my wrist vs. one of the Nike Imara watches.Unfortunately, because I did not read the watch details thoroughly enough, I am having to return this watch at my own expense.Overall, 5 stars for the watch if you have a larger wrist, 1 star for a deceptive title.", "Just to let know everyone the watch DOES HAVE BACKLIGHT.", "Me and my wife are training for a 1/2 marathon.  The watch is great.  easy to see and work.", "Bought this watch as a gift.  When it finally arrived, the price tag indicated $10 less then what I paid for it. On top of that, the battery was completely dead!  I had to pay $10 for a replacement battery.And they did not have a telephone # listed to call if I had any questions.A note came in the box stating: &#34;if the watch doesnt work, its most likely the battery. &#34;Not worth the frustration.", "My son tells me that he loves his watch and would give it 500 out of 5 stars.  He saved up for it, and he bought it with his own money after his ADHD and Asperger's self had trouble walking home from the library one too many times when it was time (and after more than a few reminders).  He'd also missed cello lessons at school and was very frustrated with himself for the difficulties he was having.  It is a cool watch.  It looks good, it has two alarms (cello lesson and whatever else he needs) a stop watch and a countdown timer--that he's found a use for so far.  It is waterproof/or resistant, so that means when he forgets to take it off before his bath it's ok.  This watch was a way that he could solve his own problems, and reorganize his own life to make up for some of his difficulties.  That's why I like it so much.It has all these features and looks really cool and it doesn't cost an arm and a leg.  That's the best, I think. I'm not sure if he'll ever need the lap timer or the pacing feature or anything like that.  I suppose those features are awesome for those who use them, but for our purposes and our budget, this watch is perfect.", "I purchased this as a gift for my grandson.  He enjoys it very much.", "This watch is effective and simple to use.  It's perfect for timing your runs.  It has many other features that can be used if needed.", "I have had difficulty finding a watch for swimming.  This has met all my needs.  Of good size so easily seen.  Buttons are accessable and make splits relatively easy and interval swimming a breeze.  So far very reliable, used for 2 months.", "I bought this watch to use during my vacation. It's an ecellent sport watch, very resistant and very easy to use.", "This is an excellent watch, full of features and easy to set up.I did not like the manual though due to the small letters that make it difficult to read. The nice thing is that it is written in several languages.", "Had this watch for almost 2 years. Was excellent for running and easy to use. Trained for a marathon and multiple 5ks with it. Now it says good to 10M but  that is clearly not true. I wasn't 10ft underwater and the watch gave out. But If you don't plan to be diving in any pools or lakes, it is an excellent watch. I highly recommend it for beginning to experienced runners due to its simplicity.", "Nice watch for what it is. Wish it had a backlight. Other than that, its fine. Nice large numbers are easy to read while running. No regrets about this purchase.", "For the average marathoner and long distance runner who doesn't need all the bells and whistles, this is right on target.  Easy to use, easy to see, nicely priced!", "Bought as a gift for my son - a runner. He loves it. Note: if crystal cracks from being dropped, it can't be replaced. You have to buy a whole new watch.", "This is a must have watch for serious runners.  I have had mine for over a month and I love mine.  I am a professional track and field athlete, and I train very hard to win races.  This watch helps me train better than any other watch I've ever had.  It gives you up to 50 lap splits which are great for any workout that is over 800 meters on a track.  Not only that but it has 5 interval timers, which you can set your appropriate rest time on.If you are a serious runner like myself, I highly suggest you get this watch.  It is definately something that you will need!", "I purchased this watch about two years back and I have changed the strap 4 times. It broke yet again last month. The watch might be good but the strap makes this watch a piece of junk. Do not waste your money on Triax.", "The band is held on to the case with a steel pin that passes through the plastic of the case. The hole for this pin is so close to the edge that it wears through in about 6 months and is un-repairable. Thinking that this was just a fluke, I purchased a replacement which lasted 3 months. Lesson learned. Otherwise, all the functions and display made my jock wife very happy until...", "Previously, I owned an Oregon Scientific heart rate monitor, which worked great for 5 years.  It had basic features which I found useful but needed to replace it because it wasn't as accurate/consistent as it use to be.I was not sure about buying the Nike Imara Heart Rate Monitor because there weren't any reviews on it.  But I liked the design and color choices and I knew it was designed specifically for women by Nike (a reputable company). Now that I have the product and have used it for 1 week, I feel satisfied with my purchase.  The price was great and I received it quickly from Amazon. The Nike Imara Heart Rate Monitor is pretty, and easy to use.  There are 5 modes: Time, Chronograph, Interval, Data, and Alarm.  It comes with an instruction manual and CD to program the modes.  Both are easy to follow when programming your monitor but the CD adds a nice visual experience for those women that need a demonstration.  The watch band is a nice thick plastic.  It's a little difficult to put on at first but you quickly get use to it.First and most important, I find that Nike Imara Heart Rate Monitor is accurate when measuring my bpm. I use the chronograph (CHRO) mode which gives your bpm or average bpm and a stop watch.  The rate does not jump around with random, unrealistic heart rate readings.  I chose to wear the chest strap without the elastic strap by placing it inside my sports bra.  I get a nice consistent reading of my heart rate even when I'm jumping around. The out of range alarms are a nice feature that alert you when to work harder or slow down.  You hear a stead single beep when your heart rate is below target and a double beep when it is above target.  I also like the fact that the chest strap transmits my bpm to my exercise machine that has a heart rate monitor on it.I have not tried the interval training (INTR) mode so I can't comment about it accuracy.  But I'm sure it would be useful for those women that like to exercise at different intensities during their workout and need to know when to change the intensity or be alerted when they are outside of the intensity range.The DATA mode gives you a summary of your workout accomplishments.  However, you only get this summary if you remember to press the start button during your CHRO or INTR mode.  The summary for your workout includes your total workout time, average bpm, total calorie burned, total time in your target heart rate zone (if you programmed a zone), total time above your target HR zone, and total time below your HR zone.I think this is a great basic HR monitor.  It's perfect for women in all exercise ranges (weight loss, strength training, etc.) because of the interval training feature.  I also think it's perfect of pregnant women that want to exercise during their pregnancy and keep track of their HR to make sure they are not over exercising.I may add to or modify this review after using it for a longer period of time.  I hope this was helpful and I hope others write reviews on this HR watch when they purchase it.", "I got this for my birthday and a little over a year later it was useless.  The plastic/rubber watch strap just corroded away and broke off.  I went to the Nike Store to get a new strap and they said try a sporting goods store.  Went to a couple and couldn't find any place that sold replacement straps.  I searched the internet high and low and eventually found Parsec Ent.  They sent me a strap for $23.95 (rip off) only to find out that it is impossible to replace the strap.  A good Nike watch going in the trash, bummer.", "Very nice looking product and worked well for me as I learned how to effectively workout while monintoring my heart rate.  Unfortunately the watch stopped accurately and consistently tracking my heart rate after about 8 months... I don't know if it is related to the fact that I swam with it on?  Now I only wear the watch for fashion purposes.", "I've never had a heart rate monitor, but have started running and being more active, and wanted a better way to track calories burned.  I've had it for about a month now, and this watch is really easy to use, and easy to figure out.  I had it programmed in 10 minutes or less.  The first time the watch face went blank, I freaked for a moment, but remembered that it turns itself off to save batteries, which I approve of.I love the color, and the monitor itself is pretty comfortable.  My one complaint is that the band is a little inflexible (which may change with time).  Other than that, it's been great!", "If you're even considering this watch...waste no more time and buy it...Does so much for you in terms of exercise and heart rate monitoring to keep you in your zone....the directions are easy to understand.  It looks and feels terrific!", "I can't say enough about it.  The instructions are a tad hard to understand, but it's not that hard to figure out.  I absolutely love this monitor.  I highly recommend it.  Truly worth every penny.  It's reliable, accurate, easy to use, has many functions and it's pretty to boot.  Hands down the best one I've ever used.", "I purchased this watch about a year and a half ago.  I only wear this watch to run in and that alone and I take very good care of my belongings.  About a week ago, the band just fell off.  I was very sad about this because this is not an cheap watch.  The band just snapped off all by itself.  Other than that, I found the watch kind of confusing.  I did manage to figure out how to use the main function I wanted, which was the stopwatch and heart rate monitor, but that was pretty much it.  I found that this watch was also big and bulky and if you want a small girly watch, this isn't it.  It is pink, but that is the only girly thing about it.  Even just wearing it for running, I found that it got in the way.  It was hard to get clothes over it and especially running gloves.  It didn't really fit under the sleves and the band was too short to fit over the sleves and gloves.  It was a pretty color at first, but the color faded really quickly and turned to this really gross pink color and not the pretty one I bought.  All in all, I wasn't very happy with this purchase, even though the heart rate monitor part of it did work well, and I would not buy it again.", "My girlfriend has an Imara HRM watch (color ICE) and the strap is broken. I found that ParsecEnt.com sell the replacement, but the ice color is only for Imara fit or Imara run watches. Do you know if these straps are the same size that Imara hrm? If I buy an Imara fit or Imara run strap would it fit the HRM watch?Or is there any other site to by the replacement? Thanks", "I recently bought this heart rate monitor. I didn't get it from amazon, but i love it! I'm pretty new to the fitness world, and i wanted something that looked pretty and would provide the basic information i wanted.This heart rate monitor includes the basic functons i wanted including, calories burnt, a stopwatch, gives my heart rate in beats per minute and as a percentage of your maximum heart rate, the time, a back light and inteval training function plus more. It is cute and pretty and girlie, which really attracted me because i didn't want to wear a big black thing while working out!Before purchasing i thought i might have had an issue with the length of the chest strap, wondering if it would fit me. I'm not really big, but i wondered if maybe it was meant for tiny people. The chest strap is more than long enough for me, and it's made from a soft stretchy material plus it's easily adjustable. The part at the front that take your heart rate is made from a soft plastic and i place it just under the bottom of my bra, and i can't tell it's there.The only downside i have found with this, is that i had some trouble programming it and working it. It might have just been me, but i found the instructions kind of confusing. I just spent some time pressing the buttons to find out what they all did! Now i can work it, and i love it! It might not be suitable for a really die- hard fitness person, but as a beginner it has all of the functions i wanted (plus some that i didn't want!) and i have found that it really helps! It's my new best friend!", "I bought this watch as a birthday gift for my husband and he loves it!  It's beautiful, made well, and great for any Lance Armstrong fan.", "Very nice watch and very eye-catching.  Its big so beware if you don't like a big face on your watch.  I wear it for business and workouts it looks good enough to do both.  The clasp is funky.  Sometimes if you move your wrist just right it will come un-latched but its not a deal killer.", "This watch, made by Nike, and inspired by a design from Lance Armstrong, is pretty neat!  It is heavy, but comfortable.  It is bears the emblem of two yellow striped lines on the top left portion of the watch, which resemble the colors for cancer support.Armstrong was diagnosed with cancer on October 2nd - very fitting for the watch to stick out 10 and 2 numbers on the face in order to \"honor\" or highlight the day Armstrong learned of his fate (10/2).I paid the full price ($299) but it is now approximately $100 cheaper - but I felt I paid a fairly good price for the watch as the functions (chronograph), the feel of it, and the image of it (sends a message to others to support cancer research and funding) is well worth the cost of the watch.Not only that - the fact that it was manufactured by Nike makes it a reliable watch to have.  It can be used either when you are dressed up or wearing casual clothes as well as when you've decided to dress down or sporty.  Basically it's one of those kinds of watches you can wear anytime.", "Bought this watch as a Christmas gift. It is absolutely beautiful, and the recipient was very happy with it.", "Good: Looks great, light weight, Lance's signature on back casing. Beautiful front face, designed with cyclist in mind, althought if it reminds your bicycle rides, then you are riding too far from the curb! Bad: People think it is a cheapo watch due to nike logo on case. Titanium is light but IT DOES SCRATCH! Watch belt is rather stiff and if you are skinny like me, you will have to remove some links from belt(not easy) or you will end up re-adjusting you watch everytime you move your arm. Battery does not last too long 1.5 years on mine. Have to send it back to authorized repair station due to special back case locking configuration. Lance's signature started to fade away due to sweat and friction from wrist.", "My husband really likes his new watch! He's been training for Public Safety testing and says it comes in handy when he's running.", "I bought this watch back in 2007. Great design, people everywhere asking where i get it.. but... without any explanation the titanium bracelet break it!I was in vacations and luckily, when the bracelet breaks, i was not at the ocean, but in my hotel room.It's my last Nike watch.. since then i got 4 other watchs (tissot, seiko, casio) and got no problems.", "I never thought I'd wear a big metal watch.  I was the $25 Timex kind of guy.  But this watch is extremely cool, and not everyone has one.  In addition, I let the Rolex people know that it is the OFFICIAL, Lance Armstrong Nike 10/2 Tour de France 7 Time Winner TIME.  Not Rolex Mariner or whatever?!?!?!Item came as promised, brand new, and blah blah blah.  Keep up the good work, and if you ever need to know the official time, just email me.", "I have a few pretty high-end performance watches, and was wary of buying a watch made by a shoe company..I support Livestrong and that made it easier, and thought that Lance Armstrong wouldn't have his name on something inferior. Well, it is a nice watch - easy to operate, stylish, and so far, durable. The titanium makes it lightweight compared to some of my stainless watches in the same size range. It has kept perfect time for the past 2 months. Seems pretty scratch resistant. I swim with it daily and no problems thus far. I would recommend it to a friend.", "i own this watch and i havee taken it down at 300 ft.  almost got jacked by a shark but my harpoon got him first.  it's pretty sleek and light not like those ss diver watches which are heavy.  when you need a functioning watch lance is there right by side.  call me nuts but i believe i am the first person to take my road bike at deep waters and actually ride it.", "I've owned this watch for almost 3 years now. It has a very reliable mechanism and good looks.I've ran with it, dived with it and taken it to all extremes.The titanium case was easily scratched and the polyurethane strap broke off very easily.First time that I tried to change the strap was painful but was done via the main store in Amsterdam, Netherlands.Second time never happened as Nike says they have split up with the watch company (it seems it was Seiko) and are not supporting their branded watch anymore. Seiko is also not supplying the material as well. I have tried in different countries and different Nike stores with no result.Thus I am left with a working but not wearable watch which was not a cheap one to buy at the time. But more than that, I am extremely surprised and disappointed that such a \"big\" brand like Nike that is not giving support to their own products.", "The watch is exactly what I expected for. It is beautiful and modern. Nike did a great job with this peace.", "I'm a watch enthusiast (or obsessive as my wife calls me, but let's not stray too far...) and before this model, I have never owned any watch by Nike.  I have several Suunto and one Casio models that feature Altimeters and for some odd reason, I felt the need to add to my collection (DON'T tell my wife, PLEASE).It's lightweight and feels comfortable on my wrist--ALWAYS a plus if you ask me.  I especially like the clasp on the rubber strap that has the Nike logo on it that helps to keep the band in place and not move.  GREAT idea and I submit ALL manufactures of rubber-type bands adopt a similar style and F-A-S-T.The so-called Zero-Drift technology that Nike claims allows for dramatically more accurate altitude readings when compared to similar products by Suunto, Casio and the like...well personally I haven't been able to see any additional accuracy one way or another.  Go figure.One thing I REALLY liked was the ease at which I was able to get it up and running.  I just went through the nightmare of programming my Suunto T1 heart rate monitor model and after hours of attempting to decipher the sandscrit-like instructional booklet, it was nice to see a watch that the manufacturers actually put some time into designing, or more to the point, put some time into making it user-friendly.So, in a nutshell, am I happy I bought it?  Yup.  I'd do it again, too.  Hope this helps.", "only thing i don't like is the volume of the alarm, too low.", "Moderately priced, stylish, attention to detail, not overwhelming, easy to operate.  Would have been 5 stars...display just a little too dim for me.", "The digital watch seemed excellent: easy to read, easy to setup. However it sits very high on a thick,heavy nylon strap so it interferes with any cuff you wear. I returned it for this reason.", "Initialy, it took a bit to work through the setting and it is a smaller case than I expected for a mens watch. However, this is a very sturdy watch. It is perfect for what is is intended for as a solid sports watch. Good buy.", "I though this would be a good sports watch, however it is as small as a junior's watch. Its display is almost the same size as a quarter coin.", "Man, let me put it this way: what's the problem with these big offshore companies like Nike? I guess i have an answer for that: Everything they offer you is \"made in China\"!Well, i'd be OK with that if the porducts made in China were good quality. But unfortunately, they are not. This watch is a very well-designed piece an it looks great, but the buttons and wristband feel like a cheap 5,00 U.S. Dollars watch (also made in China, of course).I think that every big company in the world, not only Nike, should start thinking over immediately about a big change in the production line, because I AM TIRED OF CHEAP GADGETS MADE IN CHINA. I mean it, STOP \"MADE IN CHINA\" PRODUCTS NOW, OR YOUR CUSTOMERS WILL START MAKING BETTER CHOICES FOR THEIR MONEY!", "This is a nice watch and fits great.  I like the style and colors.  the only problem is in the wrist band.  there is a small button on the end of the band that fits into a small hole to hold the wrist band together.  It is easy to clip on, but getting off with one had is very difficult.  I have to pull very hard and nearly bruise my arm to release the button.  I have to cut off the button so I don't go crazy each time I wear it.", "I bought this as a x-mas present, she loved it!I am glad I chose this watch over other products", "I have this watch as a gift to my daughter for her birthday.  She has a two-year old son and is constantly swimming, bathing, cleaning and doing many other activities that involve water.  She loves being able to manage her toddler's activities without worrying about securing her watch and always being able to watch the time to get home in time for Daddy.  The watch is attractive and doesn't look like a sports watch, so she can wear it anywhere, but the fastening system doesn't allow for optimal fitting for her (my only concern about an otherwise outstanding product)", "Returned this after purchase because although it is very attractive and the design on the band is quite nice (and not cheesy-looking), it is very large on the wrist.", "AMAZING watch. Sporty, water proof, etc. looks dressy and like it's fancier than it is LOVE IT. It is SILVER however, not white as it appears in the photos. Probably would not have bought it had I known it was the color it was but I am glad I got it and kept it. Overall a win.", "The picture doesn't really show how pretty this watch is. Not only does it look good, but it's easy to use and quite practical.", "i love the watch, it was delivered in the right rage of time. affordable and free shipping!! how great is that! it was already running when it got to me kinda kills the life of the battery but then again its nice to know that its working.", "I absolutely love the design and the materials used, but it is a bit wide and heavy so it can feel bulky on the arm.  Also if you have long sleeves that are tight, the watch won't really fit under it.  Also the color is deceiving.  It has more gold sheen to it than I expected.  I grew to really like it because it is not a color I would usually buy.", "I've been wearing this watch for over a year now and I constantly get complimented on it (I have the white/sail blue color).  I bought it for a trip overseas where I wanted to have two time zones and two alarms.  I haven't replaced the battery yet.  The face is big and easy to read, the backlight is nice and bright, and it's comfortable to wear - especially easy to put on and off if you hate buckles like I do.  It's also easily adjustable.  The alarm is nice and loud for a watch and it has the feature to beep on the hour every hour.  My one small complaint is that if it's really hot out it tends to make my wrist sweat because it's so wide.", "The merge line of watches from nike are incredible.  The display is crystal clear, the backlight works perfectly, all the information you could want from a watch is here.  But really, the selling point here is the incredible graphics on the bands.  These things come in a ton of color combinations with an awesome variety of designs.  The bands are just wide enough and made of a cushiony (and very comfortable) material.  The only gripe I have is with the snap closure.  It's a bit tough to adjust on the band and feels like it might loosen up over time.  This was a gift for my girlfriend (who has only had one other watch she loved, a similarly designed Diesel) and she hasn't taken it off since she got it.  I was tempted to buck the system and buy myself a woman's watch, but it just wont fit a thick wrist.  C'mon nike, where's the men's line?", "I've received so many compliments on this watch!  I love it too!  People can't believe it's by Nike.  It's sporty but looks elegant and hip.  It was a little difficult to figure out how to set the time and date... the directions are iconic and a few words would have helped.", "I just got this watch about 3 weeks ago and i am very happy with it. It is a simple watch - not tons of buttons everywhere that you actually need to read the instruction manual for. It just has two buttons, and its really easy to figure out how to change the time and all that. I am very happy with this watch, and (most importantly) its quite stylish too! ;)", "I bought this watch for my wife, who is a traveling nurse and wanted a timepiece that would fit her on-the-go lifestyle. I thought this unique type of watch, which was easily removed and put back on, would be ideal for someone who was constantly washing their hands and taking off their watch to do it.Instead, the glass face of the watch fell off within a couple of weeks of use (not abuse, mind you) the wristband arms were easily cracked, and the watch itself didn't seem particularly resistant to sweat and other moisture (despite being advertised as an athletic watch that would presumably be worn by a sweating athlete)I'm surprised Nike put their name on this piece of water buffalo turd. However, I guess for $45 you shouldn't expect too much out of a watch.", "Yes I do have to admit that the plastic face falls off. My first one fell off after 2years, and the second one 6months....However, it fit's so well. I use it for jogging and best of all it's good looking. I'm a big fan of this watch.", "Ordered as a Christmas present, didn't open shippment until I was ready to wrap.  Watch has no instructions for setting time or using functions, time was set (to a different time zone) and it looks like it has been in and out of the box several times.  I will not buy from this supplier again.", "This is a fantastic watch if you take good care of it. It comes in several sizes, so make sure you get the right one or it will be uncomfortable. I have had three of these in a variety of colors and wear it daily as well as for distance running. It is simple to use, easy to understand, but other than a chronograph and date function, it lacks more elaborate features.A lot of people complain about the band snapping, but the band only snaps if you purposely stretch it out. One one occasion mine broke but was quickly replaced when I mailed it back to Nike with the receipt.I was sad to hear Nike discontinued this little watch.", "The band on this watch snapped and there is no repairing it. I talked with my friends who had this watch and one of them said her band snapped 4 times in a year.  She's finally quit replacing them. You'd be better off buying one with a replaceable band, or at least one with less-brittle plastic.", "Thought from the description I would really get some good use out of it...could not figure out how to get it to work...what a dud...they must make these things easier to work and the instruction would need an engineer to figure it out.", "I needed an inexpensive, sporty watch that I could order easily, and this one fit the bill. I liked the intensity of the color and the sleek shape that wouldn't catch on anything.While the watch lives up to these expectations, I wouldn't order it again.  Its resin top scratches easily, blurring the watch face.  I can imagine that within a few months, and with a few careless moves of my arm, I'll end up with a thoroughly unreadable watch.Also, despite having an average-sized wrist, the watch is uncomfortable and its slightly tapered ends dig a little into my skin, leaving me with small circular bruises on my inside wrist by the end of a few days. Since the band is molded resin, no adjustment is possible (without a blowtorch, that is...)It's eyecatching, it's a great color, but ouch!  The thing hurts, and $50 is too much to pay for anything that causes discomfort.  The watch gets 2 stars for working just fine.", "I've got more compliments on this watch and it's so comfortable you don't even know its on your arm.", "I really liked this watch and bought it but unfortunately it stopped working after one month. Emailed the company but haven't had response as of yet. Brialliant!!", "I BOUGHT THIS WATCH WHEN IT FIRST CAME OUT IN BLACK & LOVED IT RIGHT AWAY. IT DOES A BACKLITE IF YOU'RE WONDERING & IT IS A LARGE WATCH. IT DOES ATTRACT ATTENTION & MOST OF IT HAS BEEN POSITIVE. I HAD 3 OF THEM IN DIFFERENT COLORS & GAVE ONE AWAY TO A FRIEND & I'M ABOUT TO SELL ANOTHER ONE TO A CO-WORKER. I WILL REPLACE ONE OF THEM WITH A NEW COLOR. NIKE MAKES TOUGH, DURABLE & STYLISH WATCHES. I'VE YET TO BE DIS-SATISFIED WITH ANY OF THEIR WATCHES.", "Exelente para hacer deporte, y muy comodo para utilizar, y dejar impactadas a las chicas!!!!!!!!!!!!", "This watch looked pretty impressive on the web site.  When I received it, it was much larger in size than I imagined.  This thing is huge.  It looked very gawdy on my wrist.  I though that the watch would have backlight for night viewing.  If it did, I could not get it to work.  I ended up returning this watch and am looking for something a little smaller.", "I bought this watch to my nephew and he loved!!!Nice and stilous, looks more expensive than it is.No problems or concerns at all.", "I LOVE this watch!  I am going to be purchasing more of the same watches in other colors.  This has been a  Wonderful experience dealing with this dealer. Fast Shipping, GREAT SERVICE! I'll be back!", "This model is actually the Nike Anvil, though it doesn't say that in the description.  I've owned many Nike watches over the past few years (mostly the Triax versions), and this watch has definitely turned into my favorite of them all.  It has all the features you would expect from a basic sporty timepiece: Chrono, Timer, 2 seperate alarms, 2 time zones, etc.  A couple of the cooler features I've found are the clock display that pops up right under the chronograph screen as it's running, letting you see the time of day during your run, swim or whatever, and the larger wriststrap and buckle since that seems to always be the first thing to wear out and break in half from my Triax watches...I don't see that being a problem with this one.  All in all a great buy; don't think you'll be disappointed at all.", "This watch is just beautiful, it looks so elegant you won't believe it until you have it on your wrist, its quality is amazing, when I ordered I had my doubts but it covered all of my expectations and more, my boyfriend can't leave home without it, no matter what he wears the watch gives him that extra something to complete any outfit. Best buy ever!!!", "Very satisfied with my new Nike watch.  It has great looks and great features.", "I bought it for a friend, and he liked it a lot.  He was amazed for the quality of the watch, and just loves it.", "this is a great watch, it had more features on it than were mentioned in the online details. It was as I expected it to be and more!The recipient of this item loves it, he hasn't taken it off since Christmas day apparently!! I'm in U.S., recipient in England and it was great to know that it was just what was wanted.", "This watch is a perfect durable, every day watch that has held up to water, construction work, and constant, every day wear and tear.  And it was just \"retro\" enough to gain compliments for the 1980's kickback.  If it had a calculator....watch out for the NERD ALERT!  GREAT PRODUCT!", "Gostei muito do relogio, vale a pena comprar...ainda mais pelo preco.Atenciosamente,", "This is a great watch. I gave it to my 14 year old son for Christmas. He loved it. It is very durable yet stylish for his active skateboard/basketball life.", "i'm a big fan of certain nike products (360 runners, ACG items, flip flops) b/c they consistently perform.  having been a timex geek forever, i hoped to update my look with something chunkier from a manufacturer i trust. i have looked at the same watch face (timex ironman triathalon) for well overf 14 years.  well...this is as chunky as it gets.  online, i thought it looked leaner and therefore more like a unisex watch than a guys.  but it is quite cumbersome and catches on shirt sleeves and other random things. and forget sleeping in it. one person said, \"cool watch, though it reminds me of lindsey lohans wrist breathalizer\".  on my slim wrists, it gets attention. as for functions:  the backlight is also the adjust button, so you can't hold it for more than 2 seconds, not too useful for night vision.  i love that you can see the current time during chronograph mode, that's ingenius b/c with timex i'm constantly alternating pressing each throughout my runs to be sure i'm not going to be late for work.  it has 2 alarm settings but only alarm 1 rings.  it's a bit too quiet to use as an alarm clock or even a back up.  the band has this clasp to ensure the excess stays put, nice feature.  the worst:  my arm loses feeling as i run b/c it's so heavy. this will probably go back.", "This is a very stylish and functional watch. It has a purposeful design and useful features for an active person. The display is good when one depresses the light, otherwise It can be difficult to see the numbers in poor light.", "I was looking for this color watch for months.Tried other web sites, but this watch was way over priced.Amazon was just right.", "I am so happy to get purchase this beautiful watch! There is only something wrong! the band material is veryyyy fragil so you have to take care of it everytime!", "This is not the first Nike Triax I have purchased through the years.  It is a comfortable, durable sports watch and great looking.", "Looks good, durable but the funky angle will throw a lot of people off. Good for everyday use. NOT FANCY", "This was high on my son's Christmas list but unfortunately the plastic face scratched the very first week making it hard to read. A much more durable face is needed to be considered a sports watch. He was not even playing a sport when it was easily scratched.", "I had a Nike digital before that I liked. I will say though that having the battery changed was difficult. Most watch places wouldn't touch it. I ordered this one to \"upgrade\" since the band on my old one broke. Unfortunately, this one is very shiny. Both the silver part (expected) and the blue have a shiny finish. Not my style at all.", "I went through two of these watches in two weeks.  Both watches stopped functioning after being immersed in water, even though the Triax Swift is supposed to be water resistant to 50 meters.  I had expected better quality from Nike, but I was sorely disappointed.", "I\"ve loved the Triax Swift since I first strapped it on. It's very comfortable and the split band allows some room for your wrist to breath on long runs...none of that sweaty build up like a solid band. It doesn't have a heart rate moniter built in which may be it's downfall for some runners, but it's easy to use, it's stylish, and waterproof. Some one stole my first one, I went right out and got the exact same one.", "FACE OF WATCH WAS BULKY. SAT ON WRIST HIGH. COLOR AND FUNCTIONS WERE NICE. YET I RETURNED DUE TO SIZE.", "I was unable to find this watch at first, but thru Amazon I was able to. Watch came in nicely packed and brand new condition. Great seller.", "When I recieved the watch it was a bit small for my taste, gave it to my son, he loves it!", "It is smaller than its picture in the shopping display of amazon", "i purchased this watch before i went to work at a youth camp for 5 weeks during the summer...i wanted something that could stand up to water, dirt, sweat, heat, and hundreds of teenagers...and, boy, did this thing pass the test!  from a weekly mudpit to paint to white water rafting to hiking and every adventure in between, this is a watch that not only survived, but still looks as good as it did when i first got it...a real winner!", "When I recived the watch it did not work, then the Nike support service changed the battery.The problem was that the battery was not working.", "This is quite possibly the best watch I've ever worn. It looks really stylish and everyone that sees it always comments on how 'cool' it looks. It's also surprisingly comfortable, and very durable.One minor complaint is similar to the previous review to my one; the battery in mine died about 5 months after I bought it, which is shocking, seeing as my previous watch - a G-shock - was purchased in 2002 and is still working fine, and I never had to get the battery replaced. So I had to get the battery replaced, and maybe a poor battery life is the only negative to this otherwise awesome watch.", "I like the watch except for the fact that it's easily reset by static electricity. Weird, I know. That's especially annoying when you have a bunch of times stored in the watch's data feature (its most appealing feature).If you're putting on or taking off a shirt, the static electricity will shock the watch and you will hear the watch beep. From there it shows a bunch of random symbols and numbers before it resets a few seconds later, losing the time and anything you stored.I've had this happen about 5 times now, really frustrating.", "It may be bigger for little boys, but good for young men.", "Kind of disappointing because I purchased the watch for my husband and when we received it it was a lot smaller than we thought.  Oh well...........I have another watch to add to my collection.", "I was excited when I purchased this watch.  It's in my favorite color and seemed to offer everything I was looking for.  I wore it to work a few days and before I knew it, the band started to turn colors, as if I was wearing it while rolling around in the mud or something.  I am a very clean person and the notion of walking around with a dirty-looking watch is icky.  I tried to clean the band as soon as I noticed the greyish-greenish colors and low and behold, no product can remove any of it!!!  What kind of a watch is made where its band soils soooo readily and for no apparent reason and then cannot be washed!!?  I've NEVER owned anything quite like it!!!  I am sending this watch back!!  It should never have been sold!!!!", "All is great about the watch EXCEPT:1. The touchy buttons - you can \"blow\" on the buttons to change to chrono, alarm, etc... so naturally it gets frustrating to always have to move the setting back to time.2. At times the watch decides to cycle repeatedly through all the settings (chrono, time, alarm, etc..) and you only have to push the button on the side once.Overall, I wouldn't buy this watch again. 2 stars for style and shape.", "I'm very happy with the watch. Sleek. It was sent promply. They even sent it with the correct time", "great watch! easy to use and very cute.  minus 1 star because color slightly off from photo.  much more banana-yellow than in photo.", "I love the looks of this watch -- sporty, but not as bulky as most running watches.  I wear it all the time.  However. . . this is the 4th one I have bought.  I like it so much I keep hoping I'll get one that lasts.  Two of them have had the \"stop\" and \"start\" buttons fall off and one of them had the band disattach itself.  I have not mistreated my watches.  There seems to be an inherent flaw.  I am about to mail all three bad ones back to Nike and see what they have to say for themselves.  Your price is great -- hope I get my money's worth out of this one.", "This watch is really stylish and the functions of the watch is perfect for all my speed workouts and mile repeats. I immediately got compliments on the watch :] but in honesty, sometimes it is hard to see what time it b/c the screen has a light background and the lens is reallyyy shiny lol. But overall, i like the watch alot! and the shipping arrival was on schedule :]", "Love it!  Very comfortable, stylish and easy to read.  Get comments on it all the time.  Boght another one for my mom since she liked it so much.  Would like it more if it had a timer function in it.", "This is a nice watch.  It goes with everything and I have had a lot of nice compliments about it.The only thing that I don't like is that the glow light only lasts for 3 seconds.  This makes it very difficult to set the alarm on it in the dark.Other than that no complaints.", "The watch is comfortable, & easy to read.  My only complaint is that I wish the watch band were a bit longer, I have mine hooked on the next to last hole, and I'm not that big!  I love the color.  It is easy to use.  And thank you to the person who set the watch for my time zone!  It was ready to go from the box.  I've received several compliments on this watch already.", "I really like this watch for its very nice styling and utility as a sports watch.  There are a large number of holes in the strap so it should fit a wide range of users.  I have thin wrists but the hole I use is at the halfway point on the band.  My only gripe is that the face is very hard to read in low light conditions because it is a grey color.  I wear it every day and it follows me into the shower without a problem", "I love this watch! It is small, sporty, light and really cute. I thought the band in the picture was a bit more translucent, but in person it is completely opaque.  The time lights up (not the whole face) by the push of a button to a really intense bright blue that looks great.  Very cool, much cheeper than ebay too, at least when I was looking.", "I used Polar heart watches for years (nearly 20 years!) but (a) the infrared transfer of data between computer and watch is unreliable and (b) Polar doesn't make software for Apple Macintosh. So I was seduced to buy this top-end Nike watch.The Nike software works on my Mac and the radio transfer works great (the pulsing blue receiver is cool, too!).So, what's the problem???The problem is that the Nike software is FAR more primitive than the Polar software. The watch can't track calorie burn, the graphing of data is extremely limited and, in general, the Polar software just provides a lot more exercise data, with more display options, than the Nike software.I wrote to Nike with this feedback but they didn't reply.The watch and the motion sensor work fine (the sensor is quite accurate). But if you are choosing between the top-end Polar and this Nike unit (and you are PC based, not Mac) go for the Polar watches.", "I love this product, but only when everything works as it should.  Although there are some flaws in the design that can make it difficult to use in certain circumstances, I'm generally happy with this product.  Until things go wrong.Suddenly, for example, the heart rate monitor lost connectivity with the watch.  It wasn't the battery, which I immediately replaced.  So I sent it in to Nike for repair (per their instruction on their site).  Almost $400 on a product, and no contact whatsoever from them about receiving and working on my product.  I had to call twice to find the status of this product.  1 full month later, I'm still waiting for it to be returned to me.Really, paying for a Nike product does not mean high quality.  And it CERTAINLY does not mean any customer service to speak of.  I am highly disappointed in this entire experience.If only Timex would make a footpod for measuring distance rather than a GPS systerm, this would be over.  Unfortunately living in a city doesn't make the GPS system a viable alternative for me, but I've found the Timex HR Monitor to be far superior to both Nike & Polar.", "While designing this system, Nike says that they continually asked themselves \"What doesn't it need?\" This is very obvious in the final result as you are not inundated with useless features and a confusing interface. I have been training with this system for several months now and am extremely impressed with the simplicity of the design. I also love uploading my run data and watching my progression. Seeing a visual representation of how I did enables me to make the necessary changes to my routine to stay on a path of continuous improvement. Now if they could only fit GPS in without adding another component or changing the size of the watch...", "This product is great for helping beginners improve their running, but it is not for the techno-phobe or those who don't want to spend quite a bit of time setting up.Be ready to do a lot of learning on your own.  The guides don't tell you how to find the information you want (current heart beat, current pace, etc), but push enough buttons on the watch, and everything will be displayed.Also excellent for those in programs of run/walk or who want to run a specific distance without going in circles at the track.  This watch tells you everything you need to know!", "I did my homework when I bought this as my first HRM. It was well worth the money... well until now: 10 months later and I'm thinking it's not right to expect to spend $250+ / 10 months to keep this going. Just the other day, I went to transfer my recent workouts from the watch to the computer, and whenever I started the link to PC, my whole system crashed - everything went down. I finally diagnosed the symptom as a hardware problem (the software runs fine if the transmitter device isn't plugged in, and I tried different USB ports too all with the same results). So now, what's the value in my HRM? Another disappointer, my foot pod for the SDM broke a couple months ago. The battery cover jammed, and I can't get it off or on, and the thing won't turn on (I had just put a fresh battery in before the cover jammed). Otherwise, I really liked the product, although it was my first, so I don't have an expert opinion on the matter....", "I like this watch.  I have very small wrists, but it fits well and is comfortable.  It is very basic, and all you have to do is set the time.The monitor works well, and provides a constant heartrate, there are no alarms or settings to alert you to highs or lows, or allow any kind of tracking.  When you first put it on, it does take a few minutes for it to start giving accurate reads.  I like the training cd that comes with it, and provides a calculator feature for determining your ideal ranges.I wish it had a backlight function for viewing in the dark.", "I bought this to replace a Reebok strapless heart rate monitor which was horrible.  It was over $100 and was inaccurate, not to mention big and heavy on your wrist.  This Nike monitor is nice.  It looks good and is comfortable but best of all it gives constant accurate readings.The included chest strap is comfortable and stays in place.  I don't notice it and the bulge under your shirt is not conspicuous.  This device has been a great tool for my running.  I also use it as a watch everyday.  It is very basic, and thus very easy to use.  The user manual is small.  You can find a PDF version online.  This device has just 2 buttons and using it is very straight forward.The chest strap can be opened so if the battery dies you may replace it yourself, but Nike says that the heart rate monitor itself needs to be sent to them if the battery dies.  That sounds like an inconvenience so if that happens I will probably take it elsewhere.  When the chest strap makes contact with your skin, it makes a ticking noise.  You can only hear it in a quiet room (I don't hear it when I run) and other people will not notice unless they get right next to your chest and listen to it.This device has a chronograph feature but it only displays seconds, not milliseconds.  It has a 12 or 24 hour clock but no second display or date.  It does not have an alarm and cannot beep or make noise.  There is no light.  It is very basic and simple.Conclusion:  Accurate, easy to use, comfortable, attractive.  What else could you ask for.  Well I would like a light and an alarm which explains the 4 star rating.  Nevertheless, I still use this as my watch and heart rate monitor.  It works well and has had no glitches so far (unlike my previous Reebok HRM).  It was susrprisingly cheap and I recommend it.", "A primitive heart rate monitor (HRM), as heart rate monitors seem to come these days.If you're looking for a simple HRM that can also time your runs (or swims, etc.) and would like to keep spending to a minimum, this product will probably suit you well, as it does me.One drawback, for those of you getting into some longer exercise times....When the timer on the watch gets above 1 hour, the watch no longer counts seconds (rounds to the nearest minute).  I'm not sure if other watches do this, but for some reason that annoyed me.", "This is a very basic heart rate monitor.  If you just want an 'entry level' monitor and don't want to spend alot of money on a fancy one with lots of bells and whistles, this is a good one to get.  Very easy to use.  I've used it swimming.  It works fine and is hardly noticeable under my suit.", "Owned this watch for several months and really got a lot of use out of it. The angled watch face was a little annoying at first, but after a while I actually came to like it. The strap is pretty comfortable and the system always seemed to work well for me.The problem is that I don't like the feeling of a watch on my wrist all the time, so I often put on or take off a watch multiple times a day. The buckle on this watch eventually broke in such a way that I couldn't put it back together. So now the watch is in my gym bag. It still tells time, but that's about all it's good for now, unfortunately.If you don't put on and take off your watch as much as I do, you might not have this problem.", "This product is great.  Seller not so great. I paid for expedited shipping to receive it before Father's Day.  Fedex was given the wrong shipping address (I verified I had submitted correctly on several receipts).  I had to go to another city and pick up the item at FedEx so he could have it for Father's Day. I contacted Famous Brand Watches in 3 different emails with no response at all. Fedex would not refund the expedited shipping directly to me, only to them and they haven't returned any of my emailed messages.  I'm out the expedited shipping charge and the gas that it took to track it down.Great product, but buy it from someone other than this seller.", "I purchased this basic Nike heart rate monitor from a major warehouse retailer, and although the documentation doesn't mention it, the included heart rate strap is compatible with exercise equipment that are marked \"Polar heart rate ready.\"  I use a variety of workout machines at the gym, and the exercise bikes and treadmill picked up my heart rate right away.  I only had problems getting the strap to communicate with a Life Fitness elliptical trainer, but I think that may be due to some missing component (perhaps a receiver) in the machine's control panel, because I found an empty compartment underneath it that houses RJ45 ports which could possibly serve as hookups for a plug-in module for the monitor.  Anyway, being able to see my heart rate on the exercise equipment is a nice feature, and the heart rate displayed on the machines was within 1-2 beats of the watch.I also took the heart rate monitor for a spin in the pool, and the electronics survived just fine though the documentation warns not to press the watch buttons under water.  The strap did have problems staying in place around my chest while swimming, so I probably won't use it in the water much in the future.Overall, I like this heart rate monitor.  It's pretty basic in terms of functionality compared to more costly models, but it looks good and does what it's designed to do.  I found that I was more motivated to push myself harder in order to keep my heart rate up during my workouts.  I don't mind that the watch can only show one value at a time (the time, chronometer, or heart rate), because with such a small display it would be difficult to see all the numbers if everything was crammed onto the tiny screen.  Also, the range is limited to within a few feet of my body, but I think that's a good thing because I wouldn't want to pick up a neighbor's heart rate in a crowded gym environment.The only feature I would like to see added is a backlight on the display, but that's a rather a minor complaint because I don't plan on using the watch as my primary time piece.  It's sufficient for gym use, so I don't need extra features that regular watches offer.  If you need advanced features like calorie count and min/max heart rate alerts, you may want to look at other models.", "I cannot get my Nike Triax c3 SM0013 to register heart rate although others seem able to do so. I wet the waist band and pull it tight but still don't get a number. I am quite sure I have a heart beat, nevertheless.", "This Nike heart rate monitor is exactly what I wanted in such a device; constant monitoring, comfortable wearing, reasonable price, and a two-year warranty!However, the enclosed CD-ROM really shocked me with its heart rate calculator. The calculator uses the simple formula of 220 minus ones age to arrive at the recommended exercise heart rates; these are at 26 bpm to 59 bpm higher than newer studies recommend! Please enter \"heart rate\" on Wikipedia to see these newer formulae.This issue is the only reason that I am entering my opinion here, as I regard it as potentially dangerous to many users of this monitor! So, use your better judgement and enjoy your workout!", "I had been hesistant about heart rate monitors because many of them seemed so hard to understand. If you are just starting out with a fitness program or want the \"simple\" things in a heart rate monitor, this is the one.  Not complicated to use at all and gives you great readings.  Definately recommended!!", "Used the watch today to log vertical gain in hill \"sprints.\"  Repeated to original altitude numeous times with no apparent drift.I am still too green with this watch to have a firm idea of whether or not the altimeter is spot-on, but so far it looks good.Flying around in a floatplane, the gain in elevation on the watch readout was 5-10 feet off at 1200 feet.I really like the \"total system\" of having temperature, compass, barometer, altimeter, multiple alarms and countdowns.Plus the watch looks sharp and upholds my previous positive experience with Nike branded heart rate monitors.Re: the Altimeter refresh rate mentioned as irritating by a previous reviewer, there are three setting for refresh rate:  2seconds, 10s and 60s.  The factory setting is the longest interval refresh of once every 60seconds.  During training, I select the 10s refresh rate, but the 2s is still available.I do not have polarized glasses, but looking through my binoculars that have polarized lens covers, I was able to read the display perfectly well.I am very pleased with this watch. Human engineering and interface controls are good. Battery is user-replaceable.  Control buttons are positive in operation.", "This watch has just fit my necessities. That\"s why i will always buy nike watches, they have nice design, pretty much technology and the charm that a good watch makes you appear. It's worth the price.", "where I can get the mesh or watch band? please help me with this, i an from argentina and in july i go to miami", "I've put this watch, and the Suunto vector, through their paces in expedition kayaking.  The Suunto's electronics are much better.  Here's some more comments:1. The Nike watch is much heavier.  I don't have the specs, but if you're buying it for running/jogging, don't.2. The Nike altimeter is not nearly as accurate, it jumps around much more than the Suunto's.3. The Nike's face, being glass, is more scratch resistant.4. The Nike's strap is bombproof, whereas the Suunto's failed me after 2 years.regards,Greg", "The altimeter seems quite accurate and it does not seem to suffer from too much drift. There must be some kind of motion sensor built-in as it the watch would show no altitude gain/loss when left sitting on a table for 36 hours. The downside is that it seems to take the altimeter awhile to recognize that you are moving as it takes quite a few minutes to register any vertical gain.The biggest problem with the watch, and the reason I returned it, is that the watch face is unreadable with polarized sunglasses! In order to view the display while wearing polarized sunglasses you either have to extend your arm so that the display is 90 degrees from it's normal orientation (a very uncomfortable position) or peer over the glasses (not good if you are wearing prescription polarized sunglasses and need the glasses to read the display).The polarization issue seems to be because of the blue compass layer as a regular Oregon Alti was readable in any position.I wound up spending a bit more and got a Suunto Observer which has been a terrific watch!", "Altimeter is not accurate.  This algorithem to tell the difference between barometric and altitude pressure differences is just not possible.  This watch can be off by as much as 600-700 feet after a front comes though.  Otherwise is a pretty good watch.", "If you are planning to buy a sport watch, I recommend you to buy this one. Is very nice and usefull with a lot of things.", "I purchased the watch for durability reasons, and it has provided great service. It is large, but I would recomend it to anyone who is an outdoor enthusiest and finds that they break many watches.", "I have had this watch for about 6 months now and I don't have any complaints. The altimeter seems to work well, even after not calibrating it in 4 months it's only off by about 200ft. Although I do remember when I first bought it, I had to calibrate it every week but it has been working fine ever since.My favorite part of the watch is the barometer (weather) function. If I am going out for a run, and it doesn't look great outside, I can see if the pressure has been dropping and know if it is going to rain or not.Set up was pretty straignforward; just put in the cd and follow along. You can program the deviation for the compass, altitude etc. A highly satisfied customer.", "Brittle!The watch face scratched easily after one day of wear.Combine that with the malfunction of two Lance 4 Oregon series watches (within a few months each) and Nike will get a pass from me in the future with regard to watches.  Poorly made with no durability.Every Casio I own keeps running despite years of use and sometimes abuse.", "I bought the Nike watch primarily for cycling because I wanted to know the temp and climbs while riding.  The watch is OK on both though often differs from published elevations; if you wait long enough it will eventually find its way to the right number.  Battery expires quickly--fortunately it's the simplest change of a CR2032 that I've ever seen.  Compass isn't very intuitive to use.", "It's very good looking; especially, if You have a big body( cuz the size is quite big about 2\" diameter) the Barometer is pretty helpful for daily life, but altimeter, compass, and thermometer are not much accurate. I have ahd to setup compass many times. However, in over all I appriciate this watch.", "I have used this watch in the outdoors several times now it works great. Just like any other Alti-Compass watch once you know how to calibrate the different features it's simple to use.I compared it to the Highgear Axis and Summit and the Nike had more features and a better look and feel to it. I have taken it hiking and it keeps very accurate readings. Once you get past the difficult user manual you are good to go.", "PERSPECTIVE:  An endurance runner & cyclist that was looking for an inexpensive (&lt; $200) compass & altimeter watch that is durable, accurate, fashionable, and has the appropriate features for altimeter training in my sports.  When shopping for this watch, I also considered the Suunto Vector.PROS:+Durable Case: Hardened aluminum and mineral glass crystal take abuse well. (Vector has a plastic case and plastic crystal.)+Excellent band: Very durable and good ergonomics.  The band keeper is a particularly nice feature.+Chronograph stores up to 50 laps in any number of individual runs.  (Vector only stores one lap.)+Compass feature is convenient and accurate.+Chronograph stores the altitude of the end of each lap.  (Useful for recording bottoms and tops of hills.)+Weather feature shows the temperature, barometric pressure, and 12-hour trend graph.  Nicely done.+Timer feature has graphical representation of each segment (using the compass arrow LCD layer).+Seven alarms are useful and more than most people need.+Watch mode shows day and date.+Relatively inexpensive for an instrument with these features.  (If I bash it against a rock by accident, the loss is not that great.)+Altimeter feature shows a graph of the relative altitudes over the last two hours.CONS:-Altimeter accuracy is questionable, even when using it for relative measurement.  For example, altitude on a calm day will vary by up to 20 feet over an hour at the same location (for example, at the beginning and end of a run).-Chronograph feature does not record the accumulated and maximum altitude on a per-run basis.  The watch stores these values globally, so you need to remember to zero it out before the workout and check it (and remember it) right after your workout.-Chronograph feature has a fixed sampling interval for the altitude (2.5 minutes).  This might be acceptable for running, but is not acceptable for skiing or cycling.  An adjustable sampling interval when using the chronograph would be preferred.  The global altimeter function can adjust the sampling interval, but to utilize an interval other than 2.5 min, you must start the chronograph, then change modes to the altimeter and keep it there.  When you want to check your time, or record a lap, you need to switch between the altimeter and chronograph functions.  This is annoying.-No hourly chime available.-Chronograph mode shows either lap time OR total time.  Not a big deal, but Nike could have shown a combination of both as one of the selectable display options.-The documentation accompanying this watch lacks detail.  It should include more details on altimeter function (such as the algorithm used), at a minimum.  I find myself reverse-engineering the operation of the altimeter to help myself understand it.  This should not be necessary.", "I have this watch about 6 years and still working great.Just had a problem with the wrist that broke after my son took the watch when I was not home.Fortunately I could buy a replace for it online and now it is as good as new!", "I love this design and the features were what I needed.  Too bad the band fell apart from the watch body within a few months.  I mailed it back to NIKE and they just put it back in another envelope and mailed it back to me.  Just the watch in an envelope without any explanation.  I was a fool an bought another Nike watch and it was supposed to be waterproof and within 6 months it fogged up.  Get smart and spend some money on a real watch.  Nike products are designed great but put together terribly....", "If you have not seen this product in person, be prepared.  This is the size of a traditional woman's watch.  I am not sure what Nike considers \"midsize,\" but this does not seem to qualify as such in my book.  I immediately sent it back and had to eat the postage for returning it.  I had an Oregon that I liked very much and it fit perfectly.  I didn't realize that I had what Nike considers the \"super\" size of watches. Moral of the story, pictures don't lie per se, but they don't always show the truth.", "It is a good product of very good quality, very resistant and especially the mark  sit down satisfied by the acquired clock", "I got about a year out of this watch.  The band broke, and because of the way that the band is part of the watch, it cannot be replaced.  There was no sudden strike that caused the break.  It just basically wore out.  Also, for a sport watch, it is very thick and heavy.  It's usable but not a great watch, and it doesn't hold up.", "Have to echo the sentiments already here from Dan. I already own an Oregon which seemed to be exactly the same as this one. However, on arrival, it turned out to be very small. I should have checked the description as it does say it's only 28mm wide. Luckily it's for a 13 year old boy so it should suit him ok. If not I'm sure his mother will love it!Other than the very small size it's a nice watch. Does what it's supposed to and looks pretty good.", "This watch broke after about 3 months.  The rubber band broke off at the watch body. Its not attached with pins (just molded plastic), so you can't repair or replace the the broken band.  I'm tough on watches.  I liked the watch features (big, easily read digits, chrono, alarms etc.). I'm now buying the fabric band version (model WA0031), hopefully it won't break.  Hope this helps.", "This is a great watch in many ways and draws a lot of attention. But the band attaches to the watch without pins and breaks frequently. I've been through three of these. This is my last one. Time to go to something less sexy and more practical.", "Watch broke in first month.  The crown failed and it does not keep accurate time.  Sent it for warranty service and they say they are fixing it but 6 weeks later I still don't have a watch.  It was nice while it lasted...", "I absolutely love this watch. You can set two different times and switch between them very easily. Great back lighting.", "I bought this watch for my husband at Christmas. Although the style is a bit more daring than his usual conservative preference, he likes the look. The size is large and looks good on a big person--could be overwhelming on a smaller wrist/arm. It is functioning well and easy to use.", "Very cool looking with big numbers I can see. Also shows the month and date which I like. Everytime I wear it people say \"wow\" cool watch what kind is it and where did you get it.", "This watch is perfect for my needs.  It's stylish, functional, and durable.  I've received a compliment a week about it.", "Watch is great! I actually have the same one with a Brown band instead of a black. I get compliments on it all the time and it is a very cool time piece.The only issue I had was that I ordered EXPEDITED shipping and paid 17 dollars to get it to me in 1-3 buisness days. I wanted to have it for New Years Eve.It didnt show up until about 10 days after the date of purchase. However I was able to email the company and they responded promptly and then were able to refund my shipping costs.All in all it was a very good purchase, the problem with the shipping put a damper on things, but the refund of the shipping was great customer service.", "Great watch, a lot of functions. My friends say it looks great. The only complaint i have is that the strap seems like it's made of pretty cheap material. I don't have a huge problem, I think you can just order a new strap from Parsec, who fixes Nike watches and have a local watch repair guy replace it, though I haven't tried yet. The other complaint is my wrist is in between the two settings for the strap size- either too tight or too loose. It's not too bad though.", "I appreciated when I have the Nike square face watch. It came before the day it should be deliveried. However, that still made me happy.", "The problem with these type of Nike watches is that the bands aren't very durable and are expensive to replace.  The curved display is cool, though.", "I just got this watch and I love the look.  You can tell the time from almost any crazy angle and the print on the watch is very large.  The band has a very weird, unique design in that it buckles off-center, which seems to work very well for this watch.  Though the metal clip to hold the band down is annoying while typing.  It has a 100-track record which is more than enough for me and the data even allows you to modify results with distances for record tracking.This watch is near perfection.  There was only one thing wrong...Every time I bend my wrist, it hits the \"mode\" button.  This means every time I look at my watch I am in Chronology or Counter mode.  It just won't stay in time mode no matter what I'm doing.So, I'm taking it back.  I've had other Triax's before and none of them have done this.  I love the look but the mode button could not have been placed in a worst spot.I'm crying, because otherwise I just love this thing... :'(", "This is my favorite watch. It is low profile, angled well for reading it at a glance on the run. I am an ultra runner and most watches agrevate my wrist after a few hours of running you only know this watch is there when you are checking your time.", "I like this watch...the only thing is that I am left handed and am accustom to wearing my watch on my right wrist and can't do that with this watch.  Also, I havn't had a new digital watch in a long time...and the instructions for this one were not in English, so it took me a while to figure everything out.  But as far as performance goes, it is great!  I love how it's shaped, makes it much easier to focus on your run and keep track of your time.", "I love these watches---this is the 4th one I have purchased and plan to keep buying them.  The light feature is one of the reasons I purchase these and the bands with the rubberized ends so you won't lose the watch is another feature. I go to concerts and shows a lot and being able to use the light to see the time is important to me.  Please keep them in your inventory!!", "I received my new Nike Presto yesterday as a birthday gift from my best friend, and I adore it. The style is clean and super modern. What do I love the most? Well, I think polyurethane is my new favorite material. It is light, smooth, and futuristic (if that makes any sense). And I adore the cuff (no straps to mess with). It is a bit big for my too small wrist, but the cuff is secure enough that it works. I would highly recommend this for someone with a sporty, modern lifestyle, or someone who eschews the boring, conventional, leather/steel watch combo. Enjoy.", "I bought this watch back in 2003 when Nike was still making this watch and was selling it on their online store. I loved it when it came, its light weight, easy to use and very durable. heck mine still works and i didn't even had to change the batteries...too bad that this watch is just one big piece of rubber because my mine's ripped in half and there is no way to fix it anymore. But otherwise a very good watch. Nike pleaseee bring this watch back into production.", "I bought this watch for my daughter who is on college. She has very small wrists and after trying other cuff watches that didn't fit right I figured I would try this small \"kids\" size watch. She loves it and it fits great, It's a good watch if you have really small wrists and like cuff watches.", "I play o lot of sports and really enjoy this watch witch is likea bracelet, easy on and off, also easy to read at night time,cute too.", "This watch is very contemporary with its acrylic appearance. Since the band is transparent and the color is subtle, it goes with everything. The cuff design is a snap to put on. It would be nice if the rubber ends matched instead of being grey. I recommend this watch, especially for college students, and would purchase other colors in the same style since liking the square face (which lights up when needed) and analog.", "It arrived within 4 days~ and the watch is cute.I love the background light.But the band is made of hard plastic, I don't know whether it is strong enough when it drops on the floor.", "I purchased this watch in October.After a few days, this watch was mailed to me, but it was alreadybroken.I sent it back to Amazon to get refund, but they did not do anything.I e-mailed and called them several times, but I did not get refund yet.", "I bought this watch for my daughter, and she loved it soooooo much, it looks great on her hand, wnd for me i think it's price was great also.", "I love this watch because it lights up when you press the stem & I can swim with it.  This is my third one only because I wear them so much the rubber grip on the cuff wears out.", "The Nike Watch is great and very comfortable...I only wish I could afford the purple and black ones too!!Great Service from the Watch Company too!", "The watch is very nice and so is the visual appereance. It has lots of functions, some I don't understand yet. Now that I have gotten the hang of all the buttons, they are very helpful. I do like how you can turn the sound off and on, but I do not like that it beeps every hour when the sound is on.", "I have bought this product before and was replacing an old one.  This is the only type of running watch I will ever get.  The angled head of the watch allows you to see your time without twisting your wrist.  Trust me this is a great watch!", "I am very pleased with my new Nike Triax Speed watch. It is as described and suitable for a woman's wrist. I would recommend this to others.", "Purchased as replacement of prior USA Nike Triax 50.  Great watch for running.  Original USA Triax 50 was purchased to replace the \"regular\" Nike Triax 50.  Original model has buttons that were easily pressed whenever you moved your wrist and was annoying.  The USA Nike Triax 50 resolves this problem with more recessed buttons.  Great functionality and easy to use.", "I wish Amazon had noted the colors of this product as it did not look red and blue on my LCD screen. When it came I was disappointed.  Also, the third party company they are selling this for was closed until April 28th so I have not been able to receive any customer service. This is my first time buying from Amazon and it has made me leery for the future.", "I bought this watch to help me train for a triathlon. A month after I bought it the button to start and stop the stop watch broke; it is now nothing more than a watch to me, and I paid for a watch/stopwatch that could track several different laps. I will never purchase another Nike product, considering my experience with a pair of Nike running shows essentially going flat on me after only a year (they had air cushoning and it \"popped\").", "Excellent Watch. I get many positive comments on it. Second Nike Watch I owned and will buy another if I should have to replace it.", "It was billed to be water resistant to a respectable depth - but it filled up on the first dip in the pool. Practically DOA. Returned it for a trusted brand.", "A light, very functional watch for both runners and fashion wear. I always get compliments on it's looks, with its large, wrapped face and ergonomic wrist angle. The watch's only flaw is it's delicate band. While its mesh design is great for allowing the skin to breathe, it also makes it delicate in daily use for removing the buckle. The watch material's chemical formulation seems to be susceptible to quick aging when interacting with perspiration, causing some discoloring and brittle cracking in areas that are often flexed when taking the watch off. It's a shame too. Its such a cool watch. I'm on my second one, but I won't be wearing it as often in an attempt to lengthen its life as the watch is no longer produced by Nike.", "came  with no packaging and was sold as new, no paperwork and came in a different color than shown.", "I love this watch.  My Mom has the analog version, I have the digital.  We both love our watches.  The option to light the display works extremely well in the middle of the night, and at the movies!  It's great!", "The watch is wonderful...I love the color and the feel. The only thing that would have made it better would be to have received it with a battery that actually worked.", "ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLY MADE GLASSES BY NIKE, I HONESTLY HAVE THESE AWAY TO A KID THE FOLLOWING DAY BECAUSE ANY ADULT WOULD NOT WEAR SOMETHING SO CHEAPLY MADE!!!!", "a casual watch good for jeans and just to go out. Then plastic wrist sometomes would bother you a little and I thought it was a bigger model", "I bought this watch for my 7 year old son about 8 months ago. He has beaten it up pretty good and it still works great. The crystal has held up very well considering the way he treats the watch. He swims with the watch every week and showers with it on....so far it is living up to its claim of being water resistant! The things my son liked most about the watch was that it was made by Nike, it glowed in the dark, and he really liked the unique shape of the watch itself.", "Never received this item.  Did not have enough money on my credit card for this purchase.", "Would not recommend purchasing this item.  It is as described.. however, picture very misleading.  This watch is army GREEN.  You can buy a lot better watch for the money", "Battery simply died even before 1 year after the purchase. not sure whether it's been sitting on the shelf for too long...", "It was very difficult to find a retailer that offered youth Nike watches.  I appreciate the analog design, so it keeps kids from becoming lazy.  My son loves it.  It really looks great!!!", "We bought this watch as a wedding attendant gift for our jr. groomsman who is 10 yrs old and loves skateboarding & snowboarding.  I think his exact words were \"cooool!\"  He loves the watch and wears it all the time!!", "Bought this for my 12 yr old son bc we were goong on a cruise and he needed to keep up with time. He loves it and wears it every day. Good quality.", "They shipped a damaged watch and now say they don't have any more of these. Why did they sell it in the first place if it was damaged and unsatisfactory? A young boy is very disappointed with his birthday gift.", "This watch is full of \"extra features\" and boys love that.  Today in P.E. they timed the other boys running laps.  At night in their bunks they can push an illumination button to see the time.  This is a cool watch in their opinion.", "Stocking stuffer for my oldest.  I am surprised by how much he wears this, it's a great little watch, the Velcro wristband is perfect for kids with tiny wrist.  No complaints.", "This is not a cheap watch, yet it didn't come with instructions, a box...nothing.  It feels and looks cheap.  Going back.  Don't bother with this one.", "Stylish, easy to use, easy to read display, comfortable band, durable, and an instant hit with my 12 yr old son who found it in his Christmas stocking.  Adults would like this too!", "I bought this watch for my daughter (who is pleased with it), having bought the same one in red and black for my 10 year old son.  The lavender band is more a pale pink and has discoloured to a grubby unpleasant colour in only 2 months.  Apart from that it is fine.The red and black model has held its colour very well but the glass over the face is not as resilient as it might be for a 10 year old boy and is very badly scratched after 6 months of daily use.  We are happy with the watches over all but they are perhaps not quite as \"tough\" and child resistant as I had hoped.", "This watch is a piece of junk, looks cheaply made in mass in China. I don't think the watch sold by this unique seller is authentic, if it is, then it is terribly flawed. The swosh is not correctly painted, the strap is wrinkled and looks like it is going to give up anytime, same goes with the latch, everything just looks pretty bad.", "Good watch with nice features . . . and a fatal flaw. Something's wrong with the plastic. In 60 days, the watch is grimy and there's no way to clean it. Nike doesn't provide service. Find something else.", "The battery died in couple of weeks. This is something that you would expect in a cheap watch but not in a Nike one. I have purchased watches in Chinatown that work better then this one.", "This watch is well made, but overpriced for what you get. The \"crystal\" is not mineral, it is acrylic. And the hands are neither large nor luminous, as it says in the product description at Amazon.com. I would not have ordered this watch if Amazon.com or the lousy seller I bought it from would have presented an accurate description. I left a bad review for the seller, as they should know their merchandise better.", "We ended purchasing a second one for the sentimental value of the watch but the first one broke after a little dip in the pool.  It is advertised to be water resistent to so many feet but it couldn't handle six foot pool for 20 minutes.  After much rangling with Nike and Amazon, we just bought another one because my father had purchased the original one for my daughter and my father passed away so the watch means a lot to us.  It's a decent looking watch and fits my ten year old daughter great.", "My daughter receive this watch as gift , unfortunately the watch did not stand up to the vendor water resistance guide. Try to work through amazon and vendor . The vendor could careless in what we had to say . Do not give this to 10 year old even if they go swimming in a five to six feet pool. Water will get into the watch.", "As a matter of fact I purchased this and the Nike Gorge watch for my 9 yr old Twins.  I was disapointed that there was only one of these in stock.Unfortunately my Twins did not fight over this watch, they liked the other one because it has alot more features.  This watch has no \"extras\" such as stop watch, illumination and etc.I think it is adorable and would be pleasant for a younger age.", "This is not the cheapest watch for a kid, but it fits a small wrist and is very easy for a child to drive.", "Bought this as a gift for my preteen daughter.  She loves it.  It is almost too small though, it would have been helpful to have the length given in the description.", "I love these watches these watches awesome.  It's too bad that Nike discontinued these I'm not sure why.  I'm pretty sure these were selling like hotcakes.  I guarantee if place these watches back on the market. They will sell out in a Matter of days. Great Watch recommended to anyone Very sporty.", "I usually use it and it's great! It's very light and it's closes in a manner that is very secure", "This is all my oldest will use to carry his school stuff in.  The first one lasted about 1/2 way through the year.  He managed to put a tear in it.  Otherwise, it's ok.", "the item Nike B2.9 Gymsack  arrived in foreseen time and it is the great usefulness for my because it is comfortable.", "Classic Nike quality, look and feel. Lighter and easier to handle than a traditional \"back pack\" fully functional as one too. Can't go wrong with a Nike product.", "When I got the Gymsack, It looked like I expected it to look, size and all.  Over all I am very satisfied with the purchase.", "The seller was very patient and they had excellent customer service. Would buy from again. The watch was in the exact condition as stated in the ad. Great Seller", "I've owned and used this watch for 4 years. It has served very well for its primary use, taking split times during orienteering races through the woods. I'm a 5'11\" man with relatively small wrists, and it fits me just fine.For the past year I've also used the watch around the home and office daily. A major annoyance is the button on the front of the watch, which controls the alarm. It is so easy to bump the button unintentionally, that looking for the time of day often involves fumbling with the button to restore the desired display. During races the watch is in \"chronograph\" mode, so the front button does not cause a problem.", "For a men's watch, I was rather disappointed. The watch is about the width of an average woman's watch. The wrist strap is small; the band is thinner than the width of my smallest finger. I'm 5ft 11inches tall and I have an average man's wrist. This watch is so small, I'm on the last notch.The wriststrap is the smallest of any of the Nike watches I ever owned. I would strongly advise you to get the midsize 100 version if you are looking for a normal man's watch. I was sorely disappointed.The lighting is subpar and not terribly bright. For some reason, nike decided to reverse the lighting, causing the watch face to go dimmer.I had high expectations since this is my second nike watch. I also felt disappointed that Nike abandoned the coin-open battery cover design on their earlier models to go for a decidedly clumsier micro screw panel.It's a huge step backward.", "I had a Nike Triax watch and lost it. I was not able to find another one to replace it so I searched the web. Thankfully Amazon had several to choose from. There was also serveral different types to choose from, 50, 100 etc. This one is sufficient for my purposes. I am a runner and wanted to clock my running times. It also has intervals, data and alarm modes. All this is very helpful as I travel alot. The watch face is also great because I need reading glasses but this face has large numbers so I can see them without glasses. Thanks for helping me get back my bearings in TIME!!", "It matches and design and color, so good and satisfied. And its delivery was very smooth.You must be satisfied, when you buy it.", "The watch was beautiful. The only thing is that I wish the tags weren't scratched off but other than that the actual watch was in good shape :)", "This watch looks great when viewing it from the same perspective as the photo, but the wrist band looks cheap compared to the watch face. Some may not mind given the material is used for a reason, but it just doesn&#8217;t seem to match the look of the watch face and doesn&#8217;t match the price.", "I'm an Arsenal fc fan and what a way to support my team!!!  Nice watch..Very stylish and sporty!!!  Like the fact that it has both day and date dials as well.  My only issue is that the face plate is purple but no big deal!!!", "Nice watch. Elegant and comfortable. If you are a Arsenal fan, you have to get it, not kidding, just awesome", "I bought this as a Bday gift for my friend, and he is a Die hard fan of Arsenal Soccer team. He just LOVED it and wears it everyday! I also loved the style of the dial.", "When my husband put this watch on we couldn't figure out how he was supposed to read the watch!  It was so weird!  If you are right handed you might be able to see this watch a bit better, but the strange angle of the dial face is still a bit tough.", "Could have a longer strap but its very good. Durable and can hold a good amount of items in it. I use it mainly for my laptop.", "This bag is actually larger than I thought.  You can really fit a lot into it.  This would be good for a weekend trip.", "They delivered promptly and it is exactly what my granddaughter wanted. Thank you for the good service.", "My kids loved this backpack.  Plenty of room, stylish, durable, and meets the clear or mesh backpack requirement imposed by their school.", "This bag not only looks good, but is very sturdy and practical for many uses. My college son has used it for sports and many other things since he has had it. It has been a good purchase.", "My previous bag fell apart so I purchased this one.  Nice construction, roomy whithout being too big.  You can jam it in a locker if it's not overloaded. End pockets are roomy.", "This is the best bargain you can get with a heart rate monitor.  My favorite part of this monitor is that it has interval training timers.  That was a necessity for me and a feature I couldn't find on other monitors twice the price.  You can change the battery yourself, and the chest strap stays in place just fine with a sports bra.  Not only that, but, the best part is that it is compatible with all the machines in the gym!  As soon as you step on any cardio equipment that says it's compatible with that other brand..your heart rate will pop right up.  You will not regret buying this monitor.", "I bought this watch to wear everyday and to use at the gym.  It works great, looks nice, and I love the two time zone feature since I travel to the East coast a lot for work.  Overall I highly recomend it.", "This heart rate monitor was easy to operate and seems to work great. I love that it estimates the number of calories burned during a workout and is capable of interval workouts.", "These are really nice sunglasses, from an ocular and style standpoint, but the nike flash mirror coating is really easily scratched.  If you're spending this much on sunglasses, go for something a little more scratch resistant, like ray ban or something to that effect rather than being disappointed a few months later when its scratched to death and looks cheap.", "Have not tried switching the lenses out -- but love the design and fit -- not too tight in the temples like many other sunglasses -- flexible, my son can't seem to break 'em. Had one pair run over, bought a second pair right away. Highly recommend!", "Great spacious bag with room for all you need easy to handle and gets great attention from other can also be used as a sports bag.", "This bag is the perfect size for the gym. You can pack a couple sets of gym clothes in it along with a pair of running shoes. The side pockets are great for your magazines, paperback, water bottle and IPOD. Just the perfect bag.", "it is very nice and while usually things looks better in pictures in this case the T-shirt looks better then the pic.This is a gift and I'm sure the person will love it, if it was for myself well my impression is that the material is a bit too heavy for the summer' temperatures in DC.", "great product - perfectly matches a draw string Nike bag my daughter already had - well made - easy working zipper and very roomy but not too bulky", "The different compartments are great.  Perfect for taking my lunch for work, and a change of clothes for the gym.", "I needed a small duffel bag to carry my workout cloths and a pair of sneekers and would fit nicely in a small locker.  This bag fits the bill nicely.  Not too large, not too small.  Has nice little side pockets to carry a MP3 player and a lock for the gym locker.  Recommended.Update: Still going strong after almost 5 years of use. Great light gym bag.", "I recently received this duffel. I love the color and it is plenty big enough for me.I go to the gym a lot, even during my lunch hour sometimes, and it's big enough for change of clothes, towel, flip flops, and any reading material I'm bringing. The two side pockets are large enough for me. I keep my shampoo, conditioner, body wash, razor, a can of mousse and deodorant in one side and I put my little gym towel (for sweating) and a water bottle in the other side.One thing that you really can't tell from the photos is that one of the side pockets has a couple inches of open mesh on the bottom of the pocket so your stuff can at least dry out a little.It's perfect for what I need it for, and it fits in the gym lockers way better than my old gigantic Adidas bag.", "good watch, maybe the only thing is that it seems like if it has \"fog\" on a corner of the display but you really need to look close to notice it. and maybe its only on mine.", "This Nike watch is the coolest and my most favorite watch I have in my collection. I get comments all the time about it. In Australia particularly Adelaide we just don't have a great a choice when it comes to buying things. That's why I decided to buy this watch online and I have no regrets. The style of the watch is unique and very modern. The colours and the materials go well together. The embossed floral pattern on the watch complements the modern style and gives it an 'olde worlde' element to it. The colour of the watch is great too the blue shade is not too bright or dark and goes well with most colours.", "I absolutely adore this watch.  It looks great, the backlight and chrono/date functions are useful, and I get compliments on it all the time.  The only problem I have with it is the toll that working retail has taken on it.  I move a lot of cardboard boxes around at my job and this has caused the blue color of the leather-like top layer to wear away in spots, leaving ugly gray exposed patches on the underside of the watch.  I didn't subtract a star for this because I think most people wouldn't have this problem, but it is worth mentioning that any repetitive motion that causes the watch to touch something might wear this outer layer away.Overall though, I love the watch and am actually thinking of getting a new one just like what I have when I'm no longer working this job.", "The watch has an awsome interface w/ some very cool graphics. The clasp is a little hard to adjust and it lacks a decent set of instructions but other than that the watch is very nice. The screen has some cool transition sequences from time to chrono and stuff. The thickness of the watch casing is about 1/3-1/2'' so make sure you are comfortable wearing a watch that will be slightly elevated from your wrist. I highly recommend this watch, major style points, it receives compliments from people all the time.", "This is a funky little timepiece that is as stylish as it is useful. It has a clear display with a light that is very handy, and it's easy to change the settings. My favourite thing about it is the pale blue leather strap with carved leaf-like patterns.", "It's very poor watch. It has a horrible red button (and they don't show it in the picture). It looks nicer in the website.", "Still works, but the battery needs replacing, and I'm starting to strip out a screw that I'm trying to remove.  But that's neither here nor there.Facts are, this watch works well, the battery lasted for three years, it fits awesome, and being military I can get away with wearing it in a field/tactical environment without being bugged (Oh, you silly Sergeants Major!).  Anyway, I HIGHLY recommend it.  The Hard/Easy two-setting interval timer makes running interval sprints really easy.  I've been in freezing temps with it, as well as 120F temps, down to about 20-25' of depth, and to altitude (about 5000' uncompressed), and it never gave out on me.If I can't get this screw out, or the seal doesn't survive the battery change, I'll still shop for a new one just like it.  Best sport/ruggedized watch I've ever owned in 12 years in the Army, and I went through about 10 others beforehand.", "This is a great casual/sporty watch that receives lots of compliments. One surprise was that I cannot wear it on my right wrist as I've always done as it is angled for only left wrist wearers. Also, I've had to relearn how to tell time without numbers.", "I bought this Nike watch to replace a Timex kids watch that my son didn't like.  The Timex had a cloth band that secured with velcro.  He said the watch band was very \"itchy\" and as a result he didn't like to wear it.  However, he *loves* his new Nike watch.  The smooth plastic/rubber watch band is very comfortable (doesn't itch) according to my son.  The big round watch face is very easy to read for an 8 year old who just learned to tell time a couple years ago.  Finally, and most importantly to my son, it looks good and all his friends think his new watch is \"cool\".", "This is my 2nd one. That's just because I dropped the other one on my hard tile a few too many times and was tired of sending it in to get fixed.(it was just the watch face that broke, the watch kept on ticking) All you have to do is read the simple directions on entering your age, weight, sex and hit start during your work out. When you're done you can see your average heart rate during your workout, the length of your workout and the calories burned. There are many other things you can do with it such as set an alarm if your heart rate gets too high/too low, set an alarm to wake you up from your power nap, do lap times, etc.", "since the product was not received I cannot give a good review for this transaction", "Overall very happy. Although I have two beefs: 1) the plastic is extremely stiff and can be uncomfortable; 2) from what I can tell it only holds data from one workout. This said, it works well and is a bargain for the price.", "This is a \"must have\" item in my gym bag. It is so important to me to know my heart rate and number of calories burned after each workout. Sometimes, when i see that my HR is not at 140, it motivates me to work a little harder to get it up there. When I forget it at home I always have a less intense workout because of the lack of info. It is important to get your heart rate up to a certain level to see results. I keep going until i get to my goal of 300 calories most days and that can take up to 40 minutes but having a way to keep track of it is priceless.", "This is my first heart monitor watch. Satisfied with the product overall.  Excellent color for a women (I did not want black), neutral color easily blends in with wardrobe.  However, instructions did not clearly explain all functionalities of the watch. At the gym, sometimes the monitor does not display accurate heart rate on machine. (this could be an issue with the equipment)  I was reluctant about wearing the monitor, but to my surprise it is very comfortable. Definitely worth what I paid.", "I purchased this heart monitor for myself - figuring I could get a more accurate feedback during workouts.  It works as described, but I find the watch itself to be extremely bulky for my wrist.  I do have a tiny wrist, but I find this to be excessively large.  Looks aren't everything, but I am very aware of it on my arm.  The heart monitor band seems sturdy, but once you get it all sweaty it tends to slide around.  It also does not adjust much - and although it fits me just fine, I think if I were someone of a larger size it might be very uncomfortable.It seems to keep reasonably accurate data, although I think the calorie count might be slightly inflated.  However, it sometimes just stops picking up my heartbeat - this happens at least once every time I use it.  It eventually picks it back up, but I find this annoying.Overall a good product but I had to deduct for bulkiness and its occasional spotty reception from the wireless band.", "I bought this monitor a year ago. It is a good monitor and does a good job reading my heart rate. The extra features on the watch are nice as well. The only complaint I have is that the plastic latch that hold the elastic piece to the monitor strap you see here cracked and broke early on. I used it nearly every day for a month before it happened. I've made do with a little velcro loop, but expected the original product's system to last longer.", "I love this product! Great accuracy. I don't understand how to use one of the interval training functions but it's irrelevant for my use", "After several false starts with other HRMs I found the Imara through \"My Amazon\". I'm technically inept and this was the only HRM that I could set and use by myself. When I run with a large group there's no problem with \"cross talk\". Beauty! The back light function helps at night.I do like the larger and slanted face of the other Nike products, this one could use that as well. The strap is no bother, just tuck it under the lip of the sports bra.", "I have never owned a heart rate monitor and was a little intimidated by how hard it would be to operate.  Once you follow the step by step instructions to get it set up, it's very easy to use.  The strap is easy to hide under clothes and the face of the watch is large and easy to read. I was fortunate and also found this item on sale.  Great purchase!!", "It's beautiful and it's a good watch, but I didn't rate it with 5 stars because the color is not as it looks on the picture, the brown color is a lot darker. It's still a nice watch but it's just not as it looks here.", "I am a schoolbus driver and had been searching for a nice looking digital watch I can look at in a glance. Its often dark in the mornings and I needed a watch that lights up. I find most digital watches really ugly. This watch is really nice looking, and if the band was nicer I would of kept it. The quality was great but the band is not leather and is really bulky and uncomfortable.", "Not as advertised. Expected a digital watch with a day and date. Display not functional.  Pain in the butt to set up.", "It's quite useful, maybe not so easy to use, but once you get to dominate it, it's not so hard. It's very fashionable and it make people look at it because it's not an ordinary watch.", "In an age when electronics can be squeezed into smaller and smaller spaces, Nike's watches buck the trend with their oversized cases. The Blade is actually a bit smaller than their other watches in the same collection, e.g. the Hammer, though it's still kinda thick. But if you like a chunky, eye-catching watch then this could work for you. The green on black negative display is also distinctive, and the large numerals are easy to read, with the date displayed clearly. The backlight is good. The rubber strap is very comfortable and the clasp is well designed - one of the best straps I've seen on any watch.", "Large on the wrist. Looks cool and high tech. Digital numbers are not as visible as I would like in sunlight, but I like it anyway. Great with short sleeves but long sleeves are hard to wear unless we roll them up. I end up not wearing it often as it looks looks like a skateboarders watch and I am 76 .I'll just add it to my extensive watch collection.It looks cool on a young person, really.", "Th watch is snazzy looking but the digital numbers are silver and very difficult to see when you are running out in the sun.", "I have bought two of these watches the band breaks after about 1 1/2 years the watch still works but you can't replace the band.", "I received this and although it has all the official Nike logo on it I am a little suspicious regarding it's origin.  The instructions were nothing more than a copy and there was a lack of the usual Nike material and logo.", "I ordered this watch for my Christmas present after sending back another cheaper brand which broke after a week. I needed something with rubber or plastic strap because my skin reacts badly to other metal straps. Trying to find a watch that was stylish and had a rubber / plastic strap was not easy. I'm not a fan of big sports watches. This one has been great so far (I've had it less than a month) and I love how it looks. It's comfortable and trendy and I have no complaints so far.", "My wife only had this watch a few months before it started telling the wrong time. She had to take it into a watch repair shop and replace/fix some parts. A few months after that the strap broke! Never buying another Nike watch! They can do shoes, but that's about it.FYI, She does like the design so super glued the strap and she still wears this watch. This is why it gets 2 stars.", "This watch should be part of the Mommy Uniform!  It takes a beating but still looks like a beautiful blue bangle.", "I have owned this watch for about 9 months and I love it. It keeps time well and is a feminine style of a digital watch. My last Nike watch was so boyish that I hated to wear it. I have received many compliments on this watch.", "I loved this watch while I had it but, unfortunately, within a couple of months the band broke. The \"sleek\" design hides that the actual band pins are made of plastic embedded in a plastic anchoring mechanism.  This was a difficult watch to remove due to a kind of non-skid rubber and ridging and I really had to tug to unbuckle the band, which resulted in the pin and its plastic anchor snapping and crumbling.", "I bought this model as a present for my wife 5+ years ago and she was sad when the band broke.  I couldn't find a replacement band so bought another watch.  Seems like this is a discontinued model - the price this time was about half what I paid back then.  What's good: the style. What's bad: adjusting the time is complex and fiddly.", "My sister bougth this watch in august 2009 during her travel in USA.On octuber 2009, when she arrive in Brasil, after 2 days that i got this watch, it stopped work!The question is: What i`m supposed to do?", "I love the watch. It looks good (it is purple-ish in color which sounds weird, but looks nice actually). But it doesn't come with any instructions! I had to get someone to help me set it and I have no idea what funcions it has. The only negative thing I have noticed about the watch itself though is that it scratches easily. But I wear it a lot and like it as a sporty watch to wear with casual clothes.", "I love this watch! For so long I have been looking for a casual, sleek digital watch, and I finally found it! It's perfect! I am very happy with my purchase! It's just what I wanted. It really is a gorgeous watch", "I was looking for a sporty type watch that I could also wear out, this is it. It's idiot proof, as I have trouble setting digital watches. Easy to use, very pretty. The band is dark brown, like the other review said, but I'm glad I read it because dark brown is what I was looking for.", "The watch was actually a slightly different color than I originally thought... but I liked it better.  It's kind of a \"chocolate\" color.  Easy to use, and I get tons of compliments on it.  I originally just bought it to use at the gym, but it really works great as an everyday use watch (especially if you have kids).  Would definitely buy again.", "I love this watch!  I wanted a digital \"fashion\" watch and this one is very unique.  I like the features of the watch (digital with back light and has the date).", "This watch was a gift for my sister, who loves purple. When it arrived, it was perfect. She wanted a sporty watch and this was it. At the same time, it was stylish and classy enough to stand up to a nice going out outfit. Perfect watch!", "I ordered this Nike watch thinking it was pretty neat, but when I received it, I REALLY REALLY liked it! It's wonderful.  I don't have to take it off to wash dishes or shower or swim. It isn't too big and bulky.  I am a teacher of small children, and I wanted to make sure the watch I wear is one that doesn't scratch the children.  It is just perfect. If this watch gets so worn out that I can't use it, I will order the exact same watch again (maybe a different color though!!).", "it's kind confusing to adjust the time and date at first, but overall it is a good simple watch.", "This seems to be an excellent buy.  Very large digits and an excellent backlight for night reading.Access to the battery compartment is via a readily accessable screw off battery compartment cover, something I have only seen on one other quartz watch.", "I've received so many compliments on this watch.  It looks really cool and it didn't cost me as much as my Tag.  I needed a stop watch and this works.  It takes a while to figure out how to use its functions and I'm still getting used to it actually.  The setup could be more user friendly.  The fit is not as snug as most other watches probably due to the band, and the watch itself is a bit clunky, so it takes a while to get accustomed to it.  You could set the watch to 2 different times (i.e. if you need to know the time in some other part of the world) and you can do interval training however i wouldn't run with this watch, it's not that light plus the canvas band would soak up the sweat and stink.  The LED is not so bright but there's a backlight that you could turn on when you need to see the time. I guess it's a way to save battery life.  Overall, I really like it for its style and function.  It would be awesome if they sold the bands separately so I could switch out for different colors.", "The watch is really beautiful, but it lacks instructions on how to set time and date. I had to search around to find out. But it's worth buying.", "This watch look perfect for working, and exercising. It is small, reliable, and easy to adjust date + time. I recommend.", "I was so exited when I recieved the watch 2 weeks ago but, and then I opened the box, the watch looked really nice as I expected but it didn't work so I have to return it the next day. I am still waiting for my refund.", "My daughter loves the unique color of the band and the display. She says, everyone compliments her on it. Very simple and functional. Perfect for her everyday use while in college.", "Bought this watch for my niece for Christimas. It was a hit! She loved it! Would definitely recommend. Received quickly just in time for Christmas! Good buy!", "Great overall watch!  I'm very active, and this watch lasted through marathons, triathlons, travels all over.  It's slightly elegant so it can be worn at nicer events... and durable so it can hand active lifestyles too.  The color is more \"eggplant\" as opposed to brown, but it works with both brown and black (in my opinion.)", "This is a comfortable and great looking watch. But the beeper volume isn't adjustable and the beeper is almost inaudible indoors and completely inaudible outdoors in the mildest traffic and weather conditions. I have excellent hearing; anyone with any hearing impairment probably won't be able to hear it at all.  I bought it for interval training for running and have to return it. A real shame, because otherwise it's great.", "This watch is described as  \"women's\", but it is the exact same watch that is billed as \"men's\".  It's way too large for a woman's wrist!", "The band broke after 4 months. I was very desappointed. It is a very fragile watch. Don`t buy it if you are thinking of playing sports with it.", "One person described the Nike Imara Soar as a funky bracelet. That's because they did not realise it was a watch - the display is very dark and can only be read with ease when the backlight is activated. Even in direct sunlight the digits are not easy to read.", "The watch is very discreet for a sports watch which makes it convenient to wear everyday.However, it gets scratched easily.I had one for 2yrs and when it broke I bought the same one again.", "bought it for my girlfriend who works as a physical trainer. she really likes the compactness of the watch. It doesnt interfer with her workout.", "I love the look of this watch, as it's small and interesting looking and attracts compliments. I also love that it's a digital watch but not clunky or with a large interface. However, the band broke four months into wearing it. I sent it back since there is a year warranty and it's not the kind of band you can replace. Now I am at my year mark of owning it, and the band is ready to go again. Don't count on this watch for everyday wear.", "The face is so cool that you can barely read it.  I liked having it as a \"dress watch\" I wouldn't mind running in. Was very sad when the band broke about 5 months into ownership.  I guess it's that other brand that 'takes a  licking....'", "I bought this watch for everyday use. Unfortunately, the band is quite stiff and thick, making it very uncomfortable for me as I work on a computer almost all day. I also found the strap to be very difficult to latch/unlatch because it's so stiff. I wouldn't recommend it.", "I love the look of this watch, as it's small and interesting looking and attracts compliments. I also love that it's a digital watch but not clunky or with a large interface. However, the band broke four months into wearing it. I sent it back since there is a year warranty and it's not the kind of band you can replace. Now I am at my year mark of owning it, and the band is ready to go again. Don't count on this watch for everyday wear", "This watch was a gift for my daughter.  She seems to enjoy it.", "Very nice and beautiful heart monitor, I gave it to my wife, she liked a lot. The design is modern and the functions inside is enough when you are doing your work out.Very good.", "As a personal trainer, and one who works out regularly utilizing heart rate zones-  I would highly recommend the Nike Imara Heart Rate Monitor Watch.  It fits comfortably on the wrist, looks cute (which doesn't hurt), has a very easy to read display- and most importantly, reads heart rate effectively.  I'm also very impressed on how much abuse it can take (slamming into weights, being submerged in water, accidental banging, etc.).  Overall, I enjoy owning this watch and using it on a daily basis.", "I bought this to replace a Polar that just didn't fit well, and was happy to have the great fit of this one.  The clasp closure broke after only 4 uses, and it is NOT a replaceable part, so I had to return it and give up on this item", "Great watch for work or going out on the town.\"Heavy duty to say the least\" The features I like best are,the band lock notch and clearty of the time and date.", "The watch is definitely a quality item, but it was too large for my wrist, in fact it was very uncomfortable for me to wear, so I returned it.", "Bought the Nike Men's Press Watch recently and have been exceptionally satisfied; The watch is a great size, it has nice styling (use it for sport, dress it up, or keep it casual - this watch can pull it off) Everything on the watch feels sturdy and well made (a nice change from the Phillippe Starck watches i had in the past!!!)", "my husband is in the navy and through bootcamp and swimming the watch never broke and stopped. the battery still is working", "Love this watch im far sighted so the numbers bering so large is great, and keeps great time had for more than a year and has only lost few secs.", "This is an excellent, sturdy, easy to use watch.  Much improved over an older Nike watch I had that just stopped working.  Easy to use each function, easy to set timers, time, etc., and easy to clasp one-handed.  Nice feature my old watch didn't have is the shutdown, sleep timer.  You can set it to automatically sleep after 3-24 hours.  Since I only use the watch for my workout, it auto-sleeps three hours after I finish and turns back on by just pressing any button the next time I need it...helps conserve battery life...you can also turn off all beeps and backlighting to also conserve battery life. Sturdy stainless buttons are nice, too...they feel more sturdy than the plasticy-rubber ones on the old watch I had.Overall, great watch and for the price it's a pretty good deal.", "Looks really good.IT'S NOT BLACK, its like a green+black.On the second day of use, I could see some umidity inside. It didn't have any contact with water...", "Beautiful product but had to take it to have the batterie(s) changed because it didn't work.  Thankfully it works now because I do love it!!", "This watch is really quite small.  I have to use the second to last hole on the band and I am not a large woman.  If I use to last hole, the band isn't flush. To return the watch I will have to pay a $10 restocking fee as well as a shipping fee.  I haven't decided if I'm going to keep it yet.Also the color is not what we expected.  Overall I am a little disappointed.", "Because this watch is angled sideways, I found I was always reading it wrong, expecting the 12 to be where the 10.5 is, and expecting 3 where the 2 is. Making the watch at this angle is a clever concept, but it's tough to change a lifetime of habit.", "I receive the product in red ... iwa sexpecting rose. but it was on time and perfect conditions. SO i kept it", "LO COMPRE PARA MI HIJA HACE UN UNOS TRES MESES. CUANDO LLEGO EL RELOJ .AL APRETAR EL PRIMER BOTON SALTO HACIA FUERA DESPRENDIENDOSE ... TUVE QUE LLEVAR A UN RELOJERO QUE LO VUELVA A COLOCAR Y A AJUSTA POR DENTRO TODOS LOS DEMAS BOTONES DEL RELOJ PARA QUE CUANDO MI HIJA LO USE NO ME ACUSE DE HABERLE COMPRADO UN NIKE QUE PARECIA TRUCHO...OK ELLA ESTA CONFORME CON EL MISMO SIN ENVARGO YO HE NOTADO QUE EL RELOJ DESPUES DE UNOS MESES DE USO HOY ESTA RAYADO POR DONDE LE MIRES ES UN PLASTICO COMUN.... BUENO NO QUE ESPERO POR UN RELOJ DE PRECIO TAN BAJO... PERO COMO ERA UN NIKE ESPERABA ALGO MEJOR.", "This watch is the greatest. I use it every day for swimming laps and it's always reliable. Very comfortable to wear. PLUS - battery needed changing after a year, and Nike did it for no charge, and returned my watch looking just like new! Can't beat that service!!!", "Ordered this as a replacement for a similar Nike watch. Nice, unusual shape. Watch is great because the numbers displaying the time are huge (probably about a half inch tall) and easy to see at a distance. Alarm function is useful too. Holds up well over time.", "I bought this watch for my boyfriend as a gift.  In the 6 months since he has received it, both arms have been pulled off from the watch face.  I do not suggest this watch not necessarily because of the poor quality, but the cost.  It can be expected that watches, especially plastic and rubber ones would break in this way, but one should not expect this from nike, or for the price paid.  I'd suggest ironman for a good sturdy watch, or if nike is your thing, get a watch that does not have the separate piece arms.", "The watch itself and all its features are great, albeit somewhat bulky. However, I started wearing it and not 5 days later after MILD use (no exposure to heat, water, excessive sweat or stress on bands) the band on one side detached from the watch, so I had to send it back. Clearly a design/ manufacturing problem. Will replace it with a polar watch.", "Pro: The watch has great functions like a special timer for interval training and the nike special function that turns the watch to a hibernate mode after a selected amount of time to extend battery life.  Looks tough and rugged, except for the color (pink and purple, yes that is what color it is).Con: Ya, it doesn't look like it on the site, but when my wife opened the box she asked why I bought a pink and purple watch.  The next day someone at work asked the same thing, I haven't worn it since.  It is also very uncomfortable to wear with anything with long sleeves, especially with a jacket.  The watch has a sticky rubber finish which makes it grab cloth.  I wouldn't recommend it.  Also, the restocking fee for returning it was like %35 so I'm just going to sell it online as used.", "This is a nice watch with a lot of functions. I purchased it because it has 2 alarms, although the am/pm is hard to read. Thank goodness setting it is somewhat intuitive because the directions included are useless. The watch is bulkier than I thought it would be, but it looks cool on my wrist, and it's growing on me. I know it will be very useful with the functions and the light that comes on when you press a button. I'm pretty sure that this watch can do more than I understand so far, but I don't regret my purchase. I deducted 2 stars for the lack of directions.", "I purchased this watch for myself, based upon its appearance and features.  However it is HUGE; to the point it looks absurd on my wrist.  I still like the look, and gave it to my husband instead.  It works well for him.", "I really liked the look of this watch when I bought it and I received a ton of compliments when I wore it. Unfortunately within 4 months the screws suddenly fell off somewhere and the watch came apart. I was a little disappointed.", "Do not recomend it. Yes it's pretty, but it breaks too easily.Mine broke 2 months after the purchase. Waste of money.", "I just love this Nike watch! It is comfortable and very fashionable for a digital watch. The large numbers make it easy to see the time. I like that it is water-proof, and stopwatch feature is very useful. I would highly recommend it.", "I love this watch!  Its sporty, without looking like a traditional sports watch.  This is my new everyday watch and I love it!", "This is a very nice watch. The only problem with it is the band; somehow, the material collects dust and is difficult to clean. Otherwise, the watch looks trendy and functional.", "I can wear it next to my fitbit flex on my non-dominant wrist (it might the a little annoying with so much on my dominant wrist)....It also looks great.  I got a compliment last weekend about it from a bridesmaid while working (I'm a wedding photographer).... so it dresses up just as well as it dresses down.Furthermore, I wear it ALL the time - even when sleeping or showering.  It's very waterproof for basic wear (I haven't swam with it on, but I don't often swim).... I have run with it (I'm a distance runner).... so it's both comfortable and durable.My only complaint and the reason I gave it 4/5 stars is because the tail end of the watch is discolored. The watch strap is (obviously) champagne, but the end of the strap is a dark grey... it looks a little dirty.  It doesn't bother me too much though nor does it stop me from wearing the watch, but it may bug others.", "EXCELLENT WATCH. WELL WORTH THE MONEY. EASY TO WEAR, TAKE ON AND OFF QUICKLY WITHOUT HAVING TO FASTEN STRAPS.AS ITS MADE OF PLASTIC DOESN'T CAUSE DERMATITUS (SKIN ALLERGIES)THIS IS THE 5TH ONE OF THESE I HAVE BOUGHT( I HAVE AN ORANGE AND GREEN ONE AND NOW THIS BLUE ONE) I LOVE THEM AND I WOULDN'T BUY ANY OTHER TYPE OF WATCH AGAIN .WELL PACKAGED AND SPEEDY DELIVERY AS USUAL.", "This watch is medium in size and fits my medium size wrist perfectly; however, the instructions on how to set it suck!", "Very dissapointed, do not purchase this watch.  Blacked out and reset itself the first week I wore it.  Not worth the money.  If it comes into contact with water it becomes useless.  I have several of them and all have done the same thing.", "Based off the image on the web I couldn't tell what the size of this watch was, and it turned out to be quite big.  Not as small as the one I was lovingly trying to replace.  I still like the watch though!  Just know it doesn't fit snug on a little wrist.  Its not big enough to fall off.", "One should always TRY ON something as \"personal\" as a watch. So, rather than do that - I ordered mine on line for the LOOK- the convenience (no straps) and the ease of pressing the \"buy\" button rather than doing some actual research. I now regret not having made a sane decision. The large size appeared to be right when I read the stats, but isn't. It is too big - and too stiff to adjust to anything - including moving it up to my forearm. The digital function is hard to set - and worse yet, can't be seen in its unlit window. I bought mine on Ebay, so no return. Am definitely going to have to GIVE this away, but it was $60. and that hurts...", "While it's a great watch, don't assume it will be a small watch simply because it says women on it. This watch spins around my wrist when I put it on - not ideal when it comes to wearing a watch.", "Cuando lo compr&eacute; me imagin&eacute; un relojito muy basico por el precio que pagu&eacute;, pero una vez lo recib&iacute; y se lo regal&eacute; a mi novia a ella le gust&oacute; muchisimo y me di cuenta de la calidad de reloj que habia adquirido.  tiene backlight que se ve muy bien de noche y la calidad de los materiales son excelentes. mi novia me dijo que es el mejor reloj deportivo que ha tenido!!!!!", "this watch is a good watch at a good price. the only  problem  had was it is not adjustable so make sure you order the correct size", "I love the watch. I was surprised when I saw the color. I thought it would be aqua rather than blue, but I like it. I formerly had a pink one. This one has a larger bracelet. I felt more secure with the smaller one, but will definitely keep it.", "Like most NIke plastic watches, this is attractive, but fragile. My watchband snapped under very little force when it caught on the handle of my purse while extracting my wallet. I've owned several of these Nike watches and they have all met with similar fates. This one lasted a few months; some last a year.", "i loved the way this watch looked on my wrist.  The only problem was that it broke one morning while i was putting it on.  I work in the food industry so it was great when i needed something that could just be washed off.", "I was disappointed when this watched arrived because it is large and no size was mentioned by the seller.  I will be returning it and I would not have ordered it in the first place if the size was mentioned.  Also, the watch arrived with a dead battery.", "Great watch,it`s even nicer than the discription and the picture.Arrived at time in excelent conditions.", "The watch is fine, but the wrist band size was too big, I have been trying to contact the vendor for return or exchange and I haven't gotten any response yet.", "This article is of very poor quality. Not responded to the ecpectativas he had, and to be honest I would not recommend anyone this article.", "I have been using these mostly for daily use/driving in the constant changing weather here in SW Ohio. Also, have use them for early to late evening / all day hunting. These work great, very pleased with the anti-fog feature.(main reason I got these) Cuts down the sun,fog,haze/and other driver's bright headlights/taillights. I have not fully had to use them in snow conditions, except for light snow flurries mixed with rain, which performed excellent. Very lightweight/comfortable to wear on nose/ears, a must have feature .", "Since I did lasik not too long ago, i desperate need a good sunglasses that has polarized, it help protect harsh sunlight much more than uv would.  it gave warmer color while uv only usually gave out cooler color.  The glasses is pretty good design, look like is durable would last from a drop.  Probably fit better for people with bigger noise but is suitable for me.  I like the nike logo in both side is more v shape alike design, it comes with platic case and a cloth bag, however no OEM box, but look like new and genuire, is cost less than half from retail so i don't complain.", "I purchased two pairs of these sunglasses, one for my husband and one formy Dad and they both loved them.  They are a nice shade of blue with really nice lenses.", "These sunglasses are very durable. The nose piece is flexible, making it possible to change the height the sunglasses sit on your face, and very comfortable earpieces. The ear pieces are somewhat flexible and do not put to much pressure on the sides of your head making it very comfortable to wear. The nose and ear pieces are both coated with some type of rubber which is very comfortable.", "it lasts long, feels hard though and if your not careful can poke your eyes out so pointy at the end.", "Fast delivery, nice design.  Like the alternate lenses and best of all a nice case to store them in.", "From the picture online, I thought these sunglasses looked cool and sleek.  When I got them I was surprised at how big they were.  They were really too big for my liking.  Also, I thought the interchangeable lenses, though cool, were a little flimsy.  It didn't really seem like they were terribly sturdy at all.  But then again, I returned mine right away, so I am not sure how they would have held up over time.", "After using them for only a couple of weeks, I reached into my front coat pocket to find them broken.  The same design that makes these sunglasses so comfortable, also creates a weak point in the plastic frame!  Again these glasses were in my front coat pocket... they were not dropped, sat on, or abused in any way.  I sent pictures to Best Buy Eyeglasses and they refused to honor the warranty, only offering a 15% discount on a new pair.  At over $100 I expected a better quality product and company!", "I loved theses sunglasses! That is until they literally started flaking out on me.  The coating on the lens started flaking off.  It was too late to return to the vendor thru Amazon and when I contacted Nike / Marchom they said this line had been discontinued, so I was out of luck.  Beware.", "I bought this for my boyfriend who lives in California - a cool gift for long distance relationships. He's a runner so it strikes a good balance between sporty and casual. It was bigger than I realized but then again I'm not used to buying men's watches and several friends said it was normal to be that big. I'm not sure how he'll like the suede type band but I didn't find any with metal bands either. He loved it and my friends thought it was a great gift idea.", "I must say, delivery was speedy and reliable. The tracking updates were a little disheartening but the results were rewarding. I would definitely buy more stuff again through Amazons impeccable online shopping services. WAY TO GO CHELSEA!!!", "I've had this watch for a long time now, almost 5 years and I cannot wear another watch because I'm in love with this watch, I wore it every day since I got it and now it is at its limit because it's about to break and the battery is dying and I was hoping to buy another like it (black/red) because if it does break I do not think I could wear another watch too bad they're hard to find now :'(", "Excellent having the easy/hard interval timer.Don't like having to hold button so long to reset stopwatch.Taking on a little water behind the screen, will need to send back to Nike.Comfortable for surfing without a wetsuit (large size would interfere with wetsuit).I'd like to know if there's a better model that has a similar interval timer and is just as easy to read.", "I bought this watch for Training and Work Out purposes and it does the job well.", "Great watch, very tough. It used it for work for years and it still looks brand new. the battery died about 3 years after i bought it. I got lots of compliments on it's design from the guys. The girls hated it though lol", "Watch is great for the excercise junkie.  Interval timer is very convienent for interval running, allows you to concentrate on running instead of the time.", "Glad I made this purchase. The watch is large, but it is a conversation piece when people discover the digital face and high tech design features.The price was a deal.", "This is a great looking watch. Keeps accurate time and very easy to use. I love how you can see the time while running and the timer is counting. Glad I made this purchase.", "This is a fantastic watch - it's got a good, chunky frame but is very light and the display is large and easy to read. Ordered it from watchsavings through amazon and saved about 40% based on what nike.com was asking.", "Don't expect a watch that can play music or tell you to get the groceries. This watch is a very simple sports watch. The band is going to last a long time as should the face. I got it for working out and paintball because it's all black and sleak looking. Don't expect this watch to go with your night-life outfits. Just stick to the working out and sports.", "My son runs Cross Country and Track and we purchased this watch for him.  He loves it and it does everything he needs.  Highly recommended!", "Loved this watch had for over two years works great is fun and colorful. Have not had to change battery yet only complaint is the band turned a dark colors in different places I guess once you body sweats or just the chemical in you skin. Is easy to wipe done but the places where it turned black is still black so now only use when working in yard", "The watch is just as advertised. It seems a little lacking when one considers weight and construction. Is exactly what my daughter wanted for her job.", "The description says that it is water resistant up to 5 meters but it is not.  Wore it once in the water for only a short period and never went below one meter and the watch stopped working.  Don't buy this watch if you plan to use it in and around water.", "Like the watch and the shape is very comfortable, however reading the face is some what difficult, not because it is small as this is not the case, just really hard to see. I think the glass is too thick", "I'm confused.  The photos display a pair of shoes, the product description says vest/shirt.  Which one is it?  Please fix.  :)", "Got this for someone for christmas. Had looked in many stores for similar items and all were higher priced. Very happy with this purchase.", "My daughter (7 year old) fell in love with the color and style! The manual says it is safe for shallow swimming and snorkeling, but the moment she entered the swimming pool, the watch started beeping and screen went blank! She was so sad and disappointed, so we sent it back and got a replacement. She will not use it in the water ever! One thing to remember: the screen is a bit dark and it is hard to read the time unless you turn the internal light on.", "it's very big!!!! is totally diferent to the picture! i don't like it. looks very current", "I have worn 5 of these watches in both the medium and large sizes, and a bunch of colors. I love them. They work, and last for a good long time, yet are inexpensive and fairly durable - even though I am very hard on watches. I will concede I have small wrists, so they may not be appropriate for anyone who has a large wrist, but they are terrific bargains given how well they work, and the cost. Love Love Love. Now if only Nike would consider making them again, I would be a permanent customer. They are currently discontinued.", "Very sporty and durable watch. Everything on it works just as advertised. I wear it to work and beat it up a lot and it takes it well.The only thing I would change is the size - it's not adjustable and I have a small wrist. But I still love it and wear it everyday so obviously not a huge problem.", "The item I purchased was excelent.  I just didn't expect the face to be so large.  The picture does not give a very good image of what the watches size is.  I think an additional view from the watch on its side would be helpful.", "I really like this watch, looks very nice for a sports watch. I love the analog hands give it a bit of style. Only a simple stop watch but works great. A little bulky for my small wrists but i still like it a lot.", "Comfortable and I love the alternative design.  I get comments on it all the time.  The only downside is that sometimes if you hyperflex you hand, it can hit the mode button.  No big deal.", "es uno de los mejores relojes que he tenido, lo unico malo es que al a&ntilde;o de haberlo comprado la correa se empezo a despegar y no tengo manera de arreglarla, aparte de eso es un tremendo reloj.saludos", "This is the second time I've purchased this watch for my husband who seems to lose them a lot on the golf course. But I love it! And highly recommend it.UPDATE: This watch and many other Nike watches I have purchased since then have broken quickly. I will never buy another Nike watch. We are 0/4 with them lasting more than a year.", "It's a very nice sport watch, and for the price you can't get better than that. I use for soccer games and to keep my time running. And i also get a lot of compliments for the design.", "I got this watch on 2008 for my hubby for xmas gift and he loves it, he wears it all the time to the gym, Volleyball game or any sport event and he had only changed the battery, the strap still in perfect condition.  Great price and great look:)", "This watch was purchased over a year ago and still works great.  The only negative thing is that the screen will scratch easily.  Otherwise very happy with this product.", "You get what you see. It's a Nike product, you know what I mean. Great watch.", "I was very excited when reading the profile for this item...just like new!! When I received it, it was everything that was expected except that water got into the watch 2 months afterwards and it stopped working which led me to believe that probably it was opened up some time before!! This buy was truly disappointing. I will never buy a product that is not new again!! I contacted the seller who first told me to change the battery and then advised to send it back but when I informed them that I was out of the country and could only return it when I got back I received no more feedback from the seller!!!", "I bought this watch a while ago, not from this seller.This review is on the completely black model.This watch had the features i wanted and had it worked as expected, i would have been really happy.Complaints:- upon set up, initial setting of the time etc. the analog hands were reluctant to start ticking. this is after i synchronised the analog time to the digital time (this has to be done manually). after messing with the analog set button for a while, it decided to start moving again. this would happen from time to time when setting the analog time. after about 6 months of use, the analog hands ceased to be reliable and eventually stopped, leaving me with only digital times.- this watch is supposed to be water proof and i hoped to be able to have this watch on all the time in all my various activities including those where the watch would be immersed in water. after my first shower, i found condensate under the glass. i opened the back and allowed this to evaporate, but even washing your hands with too much water would have caused a repeat of this atrocity. so, this watch was no longer a water resistant watch... it was barely splash resistant. i had to remove it even when taking a shower.eventually, the condensate that would inevitable occur unless i took the watch off 15 times a day, short circuited some of the display so part of the read out was no longer lit.- after a while, the time was not really readable and the watch was not keeping proper time unles i was extremely vigilant and kept setting the time.- the paint was of really poor quality and started flaking off after a few months of use.i ended up just throwing it into the garbage.i thought maybe i just got a bad egg, but some of these problems were unrelated to each other and i have seen other bad reviews.My advice.... stay away from nike watches...nike should just stick to clothes. i only boght this watch since it was on a half price discount, otherwise for a cheap reliable watch i'd go for a timex. I liked the features and there are two other models that have them...  a Tag Heuer Aquaracer and a Chopard.", "This is a great watch.  I've never seen a design quite like it; it's quite an eye-catcher.  It's also very durable.  I've knocked around the clasp quite a bit and it stays secure and hasn't gotten a single scratch.  I may pick up another one to give as a gift if the price goes down (I found it to be slightly on the pricy side).", "is very practical, not that commun wich was what i loved about it, on the left it has a cronometer so if you go runing this is the watch.", "I bought this for my grandson...the fit is loose, but perfect for comfort.  The quality is top-notch and will stand up to boy's play and many, many washings!  I would buy another in another color if available...a Happy Grandmother", "I bought around one month and It's like old one, so dirty no good please change for me that watch", "Unfortunately, the present design is not as slick as this one. Too bad it is not available anymore...Although triax (fury, to be specific) is still my favorite line :o)", "I've had the watch for several years, I only paid about $100 on Ebay and I feel it was a good value. If you read other reviews on this watch and it's  variants in the Nike line it does some things well and is much cheaper than it's competitors.PRO'sPrice - Orig $299, my price $108 with shipping.Looks - I've had unsolicited comments that people liked the way it looked.Size - much smaller than competitors, looks better on my wrist.Clasp - I really like the push button clasp, but it did loosen up eventually.Functions - not perfect, but no watch takes good temps on your wrist, Alt/Barometer worked well for a consumer product as did the Compass, really used the 4 different alarms.CON'sWrist band - a real pain to originally remove links to size it to my wrist, easy to damage the plastic frame on the watch where the pins go in.Battery replacement - had to remove the band (see above) to get to the screws to remove the back cover, where 2 springs shot out and had to figure where they came from. I did two battery replacements over 2 years before water finally got in and killed the watch while swimming. (Actually it still works for time, everything else is not functional.)UPDATE - the dreaded battery change leak killed the watch. I have since upgraded to a Casio Pathfinder.", "Just bought this from Amazon. This item is from Taiwan as the box has a price tag in Chinese on the outside with NT$12900. The instructions were also all in Chinese. The display was flashing with low battery warning.So I had to replace the battery on day 1 and also had a few links removed to fit my wrist. Guy at the watch shop said it had a defective spring bar. The deployant clasp is a nice feature but the links pinch a bit and the outside edges of the titanium links are sharp. So I will be taking this off before using my laptop or anything else that could get scratched.Color is actually darker than in the picture on the detail page. Decent watch for the money.", "Purchase of the watch was without incident and I felt it was a good deal.  Problem was the battery was dead upon arrival.  I sent an e-mail asking what recourse I had as a Nike watch needs to be serviced by a certified dealer.No response from the group who had sold me the watch.  Disappointing.", "WELL, I'M A PRETTY UNCONFORM BECAUSE THE WATCH CAMES WITH BATTERY DISCHARGED, BUT HOWEVER I LOVE THIS WATCH....", "The watch is great. Good size and weight. Its strap is too weak and usually gets broken within the first six months of use.For parts or strap replacement, you must go to nikewatchrepair.com. and buy ther the special tool needed to replace the strap as well as the strap itself.", "I wanted a watch with a durable band that will hold up to strenuous activities. The watch has a band made of a very strong rubber that will not break or wear out.Also as a plus the watch face has a nice simple design and looks great.", "It says midsized which is supposed to be for men or women considering the \"full\" size is rediculouslly oversized but this watch is definately a girl's watch. guys the face of this watch is our size type but the band for this watch is definately female. Cool design but the full size is too big and bulky and this is clearly mislabeled as being able to cross gender barriers....its a girl's watch. I returned it for a refund due to it not being as described on the website.", "If you want a really sporty watch, go for it.I returned it. From the picture it seemed to have a sporty/sleek aspect, more like the current Nike Presto watches( which I ended up purchasing).  Beware, it is way more sporty than sleek or fashionable.  The red is not as lusterous as online, the band looks like cheap rubber, and the face is extremely long.  I'm 5'10\", and the face stretched completely across my wrist!The features seemed cool, lots to program and a backlight. Overall a get-er-done  watch if you like that sort of thing. Just be prepared for it to look less brethtaking than online.", "while this watch looks awesome, it really isn't....every time you move your wrist, it changes the mode. and since i bought it \"used, like new\" there weren't directions with it to be able to easily tell how to reset it.", "I bought this watch over a month ago and it has gone blank several times already. It seems to not like to run with me. It seems to be very sensitive to water (only waterproof) but not to be taken swimming or any of that.  It seems to be a nice watch but I have not been lucky so far", "The is a great watch. It has low profile,is angled so it is easy to read on the run and is great for runners.This model is \"unisex' which means it is for a small wrist. I have the larger - not unisex model which fits fine. This model barely fits around my wrist. I have an average size wrist.", "This is my 3rd one. It has all the features you need and conforms to your wrist like a glove.", "Absolutely love this watch.  Is sporty, cool looking.  The only thing is that it gets dirty quickly but a quick wipe with a moist rag, gets rid of that.  Love it though!", "When I received the watch, it was obvious that it had been worn before and was not new.  When I returned it due to this reason, I was only credited for part of the purchase, I did not receive a full refund. Very disappointing and a total waste of my time and money.", "Watch spoiled within a week. Maybe it was a defect, but I expected better. The seal on the inside of the watch was bad, which caused water to leak into the watch and damaged it. Unable to return watch now since I live in the Caribbean and I had the watch shipped here. May never buy a sports watch again from Nike.", "I prefer the newer version of this without so much metal on the body (recently bought another one) but the s-shape is awesome and the large numbers are a MUST for swimming laps or running.", "The Nike watch I received from Amazon.com was everything I had hoped for.  This watch is a very good buy and is an excellent product.  I won't hesitate to use Amazon again.", "I had a nike imara watch in the past. It was my favorite watch, until it broke- I bought this product to replace it. Unfortunately the seller shipped me the wrong watch- the color around the watch face was the same as the band. To be plain, the watch was ugly. The color was brighter than the photo online led me to believe. Also, the watch looked junky- not like I had paid $50 for it. I would never have worn this watch, even though I loved my old nike imara watch dearly. I hated it so much that I sent it back (and I never send things back). Thankfully the seller was accommodating in my return (although his English was shaky), but it took longer than I expected for me to get my money back. Not the best experience I've had on amazon.", "This is a fantastic watch! It's very slim, stylish, and it goes with everything. I'm going to get more in different colors! I highly recommend this watch.", "i wanted a watch, using the cell phone for it is not cool at all, all the time having to pull out the thing... fat chance... im using this for the gym, quite usefull and the backlit is great, in low light conditions you can see the time in great detail, big font, and the construction is ready for someone who espects to be sweating like hell at the gym.recommended for active people", "I am a distance runner and have had this watch for two years. I have used it for countless workouts and just regular runs with absolutely no trouble whatsoever. I also have worn it just as my regular watch all this time and it still works great. Just now the rubber on the edges of the buttons has started to come loose (after two years of constant use), but I just cut it off and it has lost none of its functionality.As far as what it can do: You can take splits with it, up to 100 for workouts and such. You can set an interval time that it will count down and beep at you. You can turn the beep on and off. It can change time zones. It has a power save so that it can be set to turn off after 12 hours, 6 hours, or 1 hour of not being used, then all you have to do is press any button and it will turn back on again.I love this watch!", "I like this product and it was a gift. The person loved it and it was like the original one.Great timing and loved that it was in great condition.", "Very nice, sturdy, steel cased contemporary casual watch that goes great with sport or casual apparel, especially jeans and t-shirts or short-sleeved shirts-  It's a great way to show off the time piece. Wonderful color combination and subtle Nike imprint on the watchband.  The only drawback is the day/date dials are difficult to read due to its minuscule size.", "I recommend this watch to make a gift. Its very small and beautiful, sure I liked 10000% satisfied, thanks amazon for make reality this purchase!!", "I love the looks and thought behind this watch. The performance, however, doesn't match up. As other reviewers have noted, the backlight and alarms are so weak to be non-existent. When I contacted the seller about a replacement (great service from Dexclusive, btw), they said they would but were otherwise sending all their stock back to Nike/China. The finish, the logic, the band's comfort were all very good. This is a bigger watch, fyi.Checking other sites lately suggest many vendors are \"out of stock\". I hope it returns but in a better version.", "i have tried a lot of sport watches throughout my life, but none have come close, in terms of comfort, as this watch has provided. what i categorically consider a good sport watch is its \"invisibility.\" i want to wear a sport watch and be able to forget that i am wearing it until i need to look at the time, so that i can focus on my sport whether it be rock climbing, racquet sports, biking, or running. in fact, the only sport i can think of that i don't wear them is basketball and volleyball. if you are looking for a comfortable sport watch that does everything you need (chronograph, timer, clock, alarm) this is it.", "This is a great casual watch.  It is durable, attractive and water resistant.  I was pleased to find this watch online since my old one broke after many years of use and I understand that Nike discontinued its line of watches.  This style of watch looks better with an all black face (like my old one), but the black and silver face still is very nice.", "This is the second Nick watch that I purchased and I&#34;m so pleased with it.  The only reason that I bought this one was because my other one had scratches from wear and tear, and I had to get another EXACTLY like it.  So satisfied with this watch.", "The watch is perfect. The material is excelent. It was a present for my wife. She was very happy. She loves it", "I love the shoes. The cushions are still going strong on the inside sole of the shoe, feels good to go for jogs in them. The only thing I had to get used to is the fact that these are slide-on shoes. They have no &#34;tongue&#34; when you put the shoe on.", "This watch looks cool, but beware i've had two of them and they all fall apart within 3 mnths the ink blothces and the sides scrape very easily and the band breaks. Very cheap piece of junk for the money it's not worth it, and you have to scroll all of the features to get back to time the old triax had a hold feature that goes back for 2 seconds of holding a button. POoorest quality ever", "Wow, $70 over retail?  I thought Amazon was a place to get good values.  Crazy.", "I wanted to go back to digital but also wanted something stylish.  I am very satisified so far.  The watch is much lighter than I expected and was used to.  I wear it to work only and would not recommend it for heavy sport as it is reported to not have the strongest band.  After a few months, I am extreemly happy with this watch.", "It's a good watch, but maybe not for the price. If you can have it cheap, go for it.Pros:- Beautiful, people will be impressed by it looks;- Cool negative display;- Easy reading, big numbers, but not as easy as a normal display in white with black numbers;- Good features: chrono showing actual time, 2 interval timers, 2 alarms;- Easy setup, cool animations for ones;- Easy battery change (I changed myself twice, never did before)- Hard to find, so it's exclusiveCons:- 50M- Fragile, I don't think it survives any beating- Titanium is easily scratched- Bracelet links WILL have issues- Battery life not very good- Hard to find, so if there's any problem, there aren't any parts to buy, like bracelet links", "Owned watch since Nov 2008. Bought the watch on amazon for its large non glasses required display. Pin caps (holding strap pins in place) have already fallen off. Without them pins fall out and strap no longer attached to watch. Other problem is everytime you bend wrist forward (back towards body) the clasp releases get pushed in and strap opens up. Many times I have almost lost the watch putting my jacket on. Searching the web this is a problem. Looks like I have to mail watch back to a Nike repair center to get band fixed. These watch pins are not standard you can buy anywhere. Bottom line I would not recommend this watch unless Nike fixes the watch band.", "i bought this watch for my soon to be husband because he is very sportsy/outdoors but still needs a dressy looking watch to wear to work/play.  it's great!", "you'll get alot of comments when you wear this watch,..everyone seems to think it's really cool looking.it's got a large face on it so reading the numbers and dates are very easy, it a snap to adjust the time and date also.the one big draw back is that the band broke only after one month of wearing it,i had to send it back to nike for a warranty repair (nice people to deal with ).,thank god it was covered otherwise it's $50 for a new band!!!this is my 3rd nike watch and every band so far has broken(some twice!!)!!! i guess china doesn't build'em like they used to.overall, the watch is a sweetie, just be careful of the nike bands!!", "It was very difficult finding a watch that I liked. Requirements:- Digital, easy to read- Lights up (indiglo)- Shows day/date (preferably on the same mode as 'time')- Not too 'sporty' looking. Can wear to some business casual type settings.- Looks good.- Around $100So I decided to go with this watch as it fulfills all of my basic requirements. I don't need fancy ones that have altimeters, barometers, and world times. This gets all the basic things that I want done in a watch. So I'm completely satisfied with this watch (so far).That being said, I'm a little skeptical that the band will hold up. I came from the Nike Oregon series watches and I loved them for what they did, except when the bands all broke (usually within a year). So it is taking me a little 'getting used to' with the metallic band. I was a little annoyed that I had to get the watch adjusted to fit my wrist. I tried the rubber watch band version at the store and it is MUCH more comfortable, but less 'dressy'.Good watch overall, but I'll keep my breath held that the band holds up.", "This was for my friend. He liked it, so then I did too. Great product! Great Gift!", "Good looking watch BUT: the mini bolts maintaining the wristband get loose (and lost) too easely... Very difficult (impossible without returning the watch to manufacturer and it takes more than 2 month to have it back) to find spare parts. When the battery gets low, you also have to return the watch to Nike. I tried to change the battery myself and it would not turn back on whatever I tried. I don't want to wait another 2 month to have the battery changed... I'll buy a Casio... Too bad.", "Really like the looks of this watch and got a much lower price on amazon.com than was priced on the Nike site.", "Good Day,Just got my new nike Torque titanium watch just today may 29, 2008 at firsti so excited thinking the thing would look neat and shiny, but when i openthe box to my surprise the color(titanium) was a bit dark and the straps was loaded with scratches which is the one thing i hate(scratches),and when u try it on your wrist i felt it was a bit too wide, i thought in the pic it was a perfect size, and the one thing dat bother me was the dull color...and the lock was not that smooth when opening or unlocking the strap. But no more complains because i paid for it already.Dr.Spencer LeePhilippines", "I love the way they look & they feel so comfortable. They're not like those other weird looking Nike, Oakley, or Spy Plastic glasses! These are real clean!", "THIS IS A VERY GOOD CHOICE, I'M BUYING ANOTHER SUNGLASSES TO MY SISTER, I'M VERY HAPPY WITH THIS SUNGLASSES, GOOD CHOICE, GOOD QUALITY AND GOOD PRICE.", "i got this for my husband as a gift, and he really likes the watch a lot!  he has no complaints about it that i can tell, i highly recommend this watch.  the price is reasonable too.", "I have used Nike watches for all of my run timing for many years. I have been very happy with the previous versions that I've had except for one thing - they are designed so that you can't really replace the battery on your own. That means every time I need a new battery I have to go to the Fast Fix place in the mall and pay a third of the price of the watch just to get a new battery put in.So when I saw the New Nike Triax Speed 300 on the web site with the feature that it had a battery compartment for easy replacement, I was sold. However, now that I've had the watch for a while, I am disappointed in a number of the other changes that they made in how it operates -to the point that I am thinking about pulling my old watch out of the drawer and heading for the mall.Changes I don't like:- The light for the dial. In my previous version, you could press and hold the light button and then any subsequent buttons of any kind that you pushed would cause the light to come on. That's great for when I am running in the dark. Every time I took an interval, the dial would light up and I could see the time. The new Triax dropped that feature. Now every time you want to light it up you have to hit the light button. So that means multiple button presses each time I want to take an interval in the dark.- The old watch had a way to set it so every button push would cause an audible beep. That's a nice feature so that you are sure you hit the lap button, etc. The new one has that as well, but for some strange reason they tied that to the feature that has the watch beep every hour. I don't want to have the watch beep at the top of the hour as that is way to Geeky for me, but there is no choice.- For the data saving part of the new watch they eliminated recording the date and time with the run. I tend to save up a week or two's worth of runs and then copy the data into my spreadsheet. It was easy when the dates were there to remember which day that was, what loop I took, etc. Now it is much more of a guessing game.That's it, pretty minor stuff I guess, but I really liked the way the old watches worked and really got used to the way they operate.", "\"The big numbers show you your total time, lap time or both with the push of a button.\"This description isn't completely true.  The total time is not visible after hitting the split button (only the last split is visible).", "Thanks for your prompt service, and I really like the unique styling of this watch.", "I love this watch. This is the best price by far I've ever seen for this product. They were so nice and even set the watch, so all I needed to do was open and wear. I can't figure out how to not make it beep on the top of the hour...kinda annoying but sometimes it's nice to have a reminder", "The watch is nice and works fine, but I've found it too thick and kind of big for a woman's watch. I would like it way more if it was a little more slim and ergonomic.", "I love this watch the time/day/date is huge it's so easy to see...specially when your running on treadmill or outside....My arm may shake but now I can see the time easier.", "i love this watch..i wear this to work..very light..also received a lot of comments--style is beautiful...fast shipping!!!will definitely order again!!", "I really like this watch! The time is right there all I do is just lookdown & tada the date & day is there also. Its waterproof & don't worryabout it getting wet. I don't even take it off. Definitely recommendthis watch to anyone.", "Bought it for a friend who was incredibly delighted. She even wanted to buy many more of them, one of each color.", "I bought this watch as I needed a new reliable one for work and I have to say it is definately that!The display looks great and it is nice and simple to use. I would really recommend this watch to anyone!", "While I loved the styling of the watch, what other purchasers failed to describe was how poor the display really is.  The face is incredibly dim and hard to read, and even with the glow light was very hard to see.  I was hoping that given the size and clarity of the face the opposite would be true. Unfortunately, I was sorely disappointed and sent the watch back.", "I bought this to make sure I didn't go over a heart rate of 130 while pregnant. Seems to work like a charm, although I can't seem to figure out how to set an alarm for when I reach my maximum heart rate. I'm still not even sure if that is a feature of this monitor. But, It works none the less. I just have to keep looking at the watch during my workout.", "This heart monitor is terrible. The buttons are non responsive and you have to press them until you get permanent indentations in your fingers.The instruction booklet is useless and the watch is not intuitive.Don't waste the time or the money.", "Has worked great for me.  The chest strap is very comfortable, and i forget that im wearing it after a while.  The monitor even sends my heart rate to all of the equipment at my gym(life fitness) I wear it as an every day watch as well.", "I bought this product because i was about to start a gym regimen. The clock offers all that they announce, but what i really did not like was the fact that the strip of the clock is so stiff that actually harm your skin. I hope that with the time it will loose up.", "I have been running about 15 - 20 miles per week for the last 2 - 3 months, and was looking for something to bring more purpose to my fitness levels.  Although, I just received this watch, after only 2 uses (and one of those uses was to set up the customized/personal heart rate zones) I see TREMENDOUS benefit with this in my program.  It does not allow you to go easy and loaf if you are trying to improve your fitness level.  You can, but it will be apparent in your heart rate and data provided by the watch.  As far as the functionality of the watch... Unlike some of the reviews on this particular C6 (there is another C6 that is blue and the reviews, in my opinion, are more thorough and helpful), I had no issue with the buttons being hard to push or problematic.  Nor did I find the instructions confusing or counter intuitive.  There aren't dozens of features with this watch, so being utterly confused without getting familiarized with a few button combinations that comes with something new is beyond me.  From what I can see, a little patience and it becomes second nature.  Plain and simple.  It is a 5 button watch with 3 primary views/Modes; 1: Time - Just as it describes, 2: Workout - the watch actually receiving data from HRM, and 3: Data - allows you to view your workout to determine how much time was spent in each heart rate zone, calories burned, time of workout, and even a graphical display or your heart rate over the workout.  The watch does take into account, your age, weight, gender as part of getting an accurate calories burned assessment.  It also has a power saving feature and the batteries can be replaced by the user, making it much easier to keep the exercise program going. Thus far, I would definitely recommend.  If that changes, I will be back.", "Watch malfunction after one and a half months, six months latter no solution, just alot of passing the buck and $45.00 IN SHIPPING ANDI am worst off, than when I started.  Welcome to online anything. NikeI'm burning everything Nike even the Gof clubs, I will find someone whostands behind there product!", "Way too large & thick for me.  I wish the seller would include dimensions on all their watches.  Also no seconds display without pushing buttons.", "ugly...cheesy....tacky......pick the one you like. Still these was my own fault, I thought the colour would be diferent....more real and less cheap looking, again my own fault for buying it. Have not worn it once.", "I had a hard time finding this watch because of the title listed and rarity I presume. The watch is extremely light weight. It is unique, which is why I sought it out, and the color is very appealing. Most images don't show the orange intensity that it gives off. Yet it is not too orange nor Rosy. I'm sure NIKE went through a lot to choose the specific colors for these watches. Overall I am pleased with it. My only dislikes are the pronounced bottom clasps that you squeeze to release and the dimmer than depicted digital display. It came preset even to my time zone and I think for a unique name brand product like this, the price is decent. Thank you for reviewing. Check out my pics for more accurate live comparison.", "This watch was bought a couple of years ago and I've been wearing it a lot and even had to change the battery at least once (easy to do).  The watch has big buttons that are intuitive in their use and follow the standard functionality for such watches.  The display could be a little easier to read in spite of the large characters.  For some reason, the contrast is not as high as my old eyes would like, especially in low-light conditions.  I still like this watch even after all those years...", "I wear this watch to work and the gym daily.  I haven't had a single instance with this watch itching or irritating my skin whatsoever.  Highly recommend very good craftsmanship.", "I bought this watch 2 plus years ago.  Battery just died.  Found 5 for 99 cents on ebay.  I wish I could grab another I love it that much.  But it still looks and works great.  Best 115$ I ever spent!  Nike gal all the way around.", "I love this watch!  The features are easy to work, and easy to see.", "Customer service was horrible! Watch came in shipping box with no instructions or wrapping. Battery was dead when I got the watch so I had To go buy a new battery. Then the watch still didn't work. When I asked where the instructions were, they said I should Google it. I pages 75 dollars for this watch. I shouldn't have to Google it. Very rude!!!", "fits comfortably on wrist, stylish.  Display saves battery life but is readable.  Challenging to synchronize.  Ergonomic smart design.  Compares to a previous Nike watch I owned favorably.", "I love the style of the watch, but display is hard to read, impossible in daylight.Dimly lit characters against a black background! Pay attention to the pictures of other Triax Mia watches, you will see the difference in display clarity on other models!Will purchase another one with more clarity. Watch is very comfortable, love the styling, just wish I had paid attention!!!Also, had to put a battery in, took it to a jeweler, very difficult to remove battery cover!Watch will do until I am able to buy another!", "This is a very good watch, looks is up to the buyer but in my opinion it looks good.  The feel of the watch is actually light, and comfortable the chronometer is pretty good since the numbers are so big it also has a timer.  I gave it a 4 out of 5 stars because the sound is of the alarm is very weak.", "I just got my watch  in the mail the other day and i was so happy that i had it ,,,The first thing that i had done was got rid of the one i had on my arm ,,I just can,t stop looking at it .I do alot of missions and i work out alot over here.Def Moral booster in my eyes to see something like this watch on my wrist..And the price was great,,Great job AMAZON.....", "I enjoy this watch, wear it almost everyday. It fits very well and is extremely comfortable. Would buy again. Speedy delievery.", "I bought this as a present for my husband. He loves it and so do I!  This watch is amazing and very sleek looking. It could be worn dressy or casual!! A great buy for sure!!", "This watch is the happy ending to a many-month search for the perfect watch. Here's the thing: I'm a short and slight young man with tiny wrists, and I wanted a watch that was sporty yet sophisticated, functional yet simple. This watch is just that. Its sleek, stylish design looks better in person than in pictures. I was surprised, however, by its size...it was larger than I thought. The face itself is 30 mm; the entire case diameter at it's widest point is more like 40 mm. But it's still small enough to not look huge and gaudy on my small wrists. The three-pronged clasp on the band can be tightened to any size really, and the band itself is so flexible and comfortable it feels weightless. It also boasts cool, convenient features such as a chronograph, two alarms, two time zones, and a timer...To me, it's well worth the money.", "If you're looking for a decent everyday watch, this is something worth to consider. Design is fashionable to dress for office and after work.", "The watch itself is great. It has good functionality. I was kinda a little disappointed that the battery died a few months after I bought it.", "cannot complain. Good quality fabric, and will last me for a good year or two due to its quality. I am really pleased with it", "Gratjo for getting it tme so fas nmy husband ust lovesthis watch , it looks so good on his arm", "Super reloj casual deportivo para utilizar diariamente ampliamente recomendadoSuper casual sports watch widely recommended for daily use", "battery dies fast without regular use (less than 6mths) need extra piece to connect to ipod/phone not included... adjusting is a serious anal pain. looks nice though", "I found this watch by accident surfing the internet, and I'm glad I found it! Really comfortable, waterproof, and was never released again. Nothing like a limited edition!", "I love this watch! I wear it everyday to class, the gym, out..you name it. Does everything I need it too, heavy duty design. Not to mention I get at least one complement a week!", "Have you noticed that neither Nike nor all the Nike dealers show a photo of this watch on someone's arm? Nor do any photos show the width of the wristband. Such a weird shaped watch really needs such photos to give potential buyers a clear understanding of the shape and size.The first thing to note is that this is a WOMAN'S watch. The band is very, very narrow. Nike doesn't tell you that it is for a woman, but it is. The numbers on the curved display are difficult to read. I've been wearing a Nike Triax for several years and I like the display but not the one on this weird, weird \"Vapor\" model.Nike appears to be more interested in being \"edgy\" than producing a practical watch. I returned it.", "The watch looks neat and the angled face with big numbers is helpful when running or driving.  Overall I really like this watch, however there are a couple of annoyances.  For one the watch is a lot thicker than I expect and it feels bulky.  Another thing I don't like is the buttons stick and you got to use your fingernail to get them to push just right.  It's a good watch though with big numbers, angle face and the band wraps snugly around your wrist.", "I'm a runner.  My wife bought this for my birthday less than a year ago from the Nike website and paid over $125.00 for it.  Here's why I give it one star.  First, I dropped it from the medicine cabinet shelf to the sink. Immediately, it started getting what looked like ink splotches all over the inside of the watch display.  What's that, a drop of 2 feet and the impact caused the display to malfunction?  I can't even read the time, much less the stop watch.  It's too fragile.Second, the battery must be weak because the display is faded, especially when you turn on the light.  And, I hadn't even had the watch a year.  I returned it to the company that Nike subcontracts to handle their warranties and they sent it back to me after six weeks, saying nothing was wrong with it.  Yes, I'm making this all up, that's why I took the time to send it to you.  At least give me a price to repair it or replace it.  Horrible customer service.  Horrible!  Now I'm stuck with it.Do yourself a favor and stick with your Ironman or Casio.  This is a waste of money and not worth the headache.", "My husband bought me this watch for my birthday.  Five months later a red button fell off.  I exchanged the watch.  It was supposed to be water resistent up to 100 meters.  I swam laps with the watch, and the time display became so fuzzy I could barely read it.  None of the other functions worked by this point.  I sent it back with an explanation to the company.  A new watch was not given to me.  Instead they sent me back my nonworking watch.", "This watch is super cool.  I have never had so many people tell me that I have a cool watch - the car rental lady, my boss, the guy at White Castle, random other strangers... all agree that my watch is cool.The jury is still out on how durable it is... but after a month or so, I am pretty happy with this watch in both form and function.- UPDATED REVIEW - After a few months, I have to unfortunately downgrade my rating of this watch.  The durability became an issue just as I had originally feared.  The crystals on the face of the watch eventually broke internally leaving my display somewhat messed up and hard to read - one of the buttons simply came off.  I would have to say this is probably the last Nike watch I will ever buy.", "The wristbands come off this watch at a fixed angle.  The result is that the fit of the watch is essentially fixed.  My wrist is a little bit too big resulting in a really awkward fit.  The watch face is lifted up off my arm b/c the curvature is too small.  If they just made the top of the wrist bands more rubbery instead of hard plastic it'd fit much better.Other than the fit, the features are great.  The display is easy to read without breaking stride.Try it on before you buy it!!", "I love this watch.  It is easy to read, the band is really comfortable, and it has a neat power save function where the display turns off after a set amount of time such as 3, 12, or 24 hours.  It's the best watch I've had in a while.", "I went looking for this watch after seeing it on a gal in a store.  I had to comment on it and ask her what kind it was and where she got it.  I was just so taken with the style.  She said it was the most comfortable watch she'd worn, and it is.  I happen to like big watches and this is just great.  It would be wonderful for a man but looks fine on my wrist too.  It's sporty and even though it has a black face, you can still easily read the numbers.  I love this watch!", "When I received my initial order, the watch would not stay on despite changing the power save feature to off. I figured it must be a bad battery, which, based on previous reviews, has been issue for other consumers. I immediately emailed the company that sold it via Amazon and they emailed me a FedEx postage label to return it to them free of shipping costs. Within one week, I received a brand new watch and I have not had any issues with it to this point. The face is large and very readable although the backlight feature may seem dim to some people. The functions of the timer and chronograph are tricky and require some studying of the product brochure, however, they are manageable once you get the hang of it. Otherwise, the rubber strap is comfortable and unique in style with a 3-prong latch that would fit any wrist. Overall, its a sturdy Nike product and I would recommend it for everyday wear as well as for trips to the gym, outdoor runs and biking trials.", "Everything came as promised..only problem was watch worked two days then went out.have to send to nike to et fixed.better to by from brick and mortor store when it comes to these watches.", "I bought this watch cause i liked it a lot, 2 months later the light didnt work and would make the watch go crazy if you tried turning it on, 3 months later... battery dead nice watch no doubt about, horrible quality.", "I am very disappointed with the watch as I think I may need to replace the battery off the bat. When I got the watch it would not work. I understand the watch has a feature that will shut the watch to off mode but that is not the problem.It is still dead as I have not had time to pick up a battery. I hope that is all it needs.Really unhappy, you would think better of Nike products.", "I would say that overall this watch wowed me at first. The band is ultra comfortable and the face is perfectly legible. The biggest downside is that it broke within 6 months. First one of the blocks on the lcd stopped working, then it started going nuts as if the battery was running out. I took it to a shop to get a new battery but it would not turn on after. This is about 6 months since i bought it and i am very dissapointed since i hoped to have this watch for years. I am considering buying a second but i dont think I want an $80 watch that fails in 6 months so il sadly have to give it a pass.", "My first torque was purchased at a nike store in downtown Chicago. I thought it was a slick sports watch and would look sharp with my various outfits; That's where it ended. I purchased the red torque and found the paint chipped so easily as would a cheap watch! (The batteries in nike watches usually die within months) This is actually the second Nike watch I purchased, and i have to say that the quality is totally unacceptable! I find that Nike watches look cute but they lack the quality of a Casio watch which are superb sport watches that never die. Finally, i ultimately lost the watch because the band, believe it or not, would just come lose from time to time! Is it a cute watch? yes. Will you get a ton of compliments? yes. If you want a great watch go with Casio.ImaniChicago", "I have the the black nike Torque SI, and the nightilluminator stops working after sometime. Also the paint begins to chip if you bang it a few times on accident. In addition its easy to use, but those are the only drawbacks.", "This is a great watch for personal trainers - the seconds are easy to read and it helps the PT during a PT session....seconds seem like minutes when your personal trainer is pushing you hard!", "Easy to set initially, large buttons are easy to use. functions work as expected. Overall look and design of this watch is sporty and modern. They make it in other colors also. My favorite feature of this watch is the rubber strap, it's extremely comfortable and adjusts to any and all comfort levels. Love it.", "Watch is MUCH smaller than it appears in the picture.  I purchased this watch wanting a large face, so I was very disappointed once it arrived.  The watch works and is of good quality, but couldn't get past the small size.  I ended up giving this watch away, as I knew I wouldn't wear it.", "Great watch but size did not make up right to the product.The color and the style was what I wanted.", "This was a gift and the recipient is thrilled with it!!Very unusual, looks lovely on the wrist, very feminine fora sporty watch!", "This sexy timepiece brought to us Nike is as functional as it is beautiful.  I bought it as a gift, she loved and all her friends complimented on it as well, I felt way cool.  It arrived sooner than scheduled!", "I purchased this watch from another website, and she was really happy with it.  However, after only a year the battery is dead.  Seems to be a chronic issue with these watches.  In replacing the battery, I turned the battery cover too far resulting in damage to the soft aluminum case of the watch.  I was able to replace the cover, but I am positive that the watch is no longer waterproof.  We will have to keep an eye on it.Speaking of the aluminum case, The watch looks like it has survived a war from all the dings and scratches in it.If this watch survives another year, there will be no battery replacement; it will go to the trash bin.P.S. to replace the battery, simply turn the battery cover on the back of the watch ONE QUARTER TURN ONLY.  The cover did not pop open for me, so I kept turning, thinking it needed to go further, or that it might unscrew off the case.  Well, it kept turning, and kept turning, and kept turning.  After prying the cover off, I realized that I had forced the blades of the stainless steel cover through the grooves in the aluminum case.  Trust me, it did not take that much effort to force it.  Lovely.  Somehow the cover seems to close somewhat snugly, but it is not a tight fit.  It is a horrible design if you ask me.  They could have printed an \"open\" and \"close\" on the cover/case if they wanted to.", "This watch was a replacement for my wife's dead Timex.  I was drawn to the unusual appearance -- she was initially suspicious of the \"twisted\" face.  Now that she's had it for a while, she's come to love the very large, very clear display.  The rubber bracelet is comfortable for her as well.  She's only splash-tested its water resistance with no adverse results.  She likes that the display is customizable and that it can be set to shut off the display after some length of time.  That said, its timer and countdown features are not intuitive and took a little study to become comfortable (she is, incidentally a Phd scientist...).", "Just what my niece wanted for Christmas!! She is a cross country runner and needed a good watch. This watch was at the top of her list and I was able to get it for her on Amazon for half the price!!!! Love it...", "I love this watch! It functions well and is very stylish for a digital watch. If you are considering purchasing-go for it!The only small problem was that I did not like the fastner-sort of cumbersome. But I am still happy with the watch.", "Perfect for my daughter. She loves it! Would by for another gift. Recommend this for anyone! User friendly features. Awesome!", "Nike Silver Triax watch modern looking and everything i wanted in watch. I especially like the smooth, sleek design and all of it's many features.", "The interesting configuration of this watch has garnered many compliments.  I bought this for my wife for the holidays and she wears it everyday.  Great for the active woman!", "My granddaughter is a \"Cross Country Runner\" her comment is \"I can check my times without breaking my arm motion.Great help in long runs\".", "Purchased this for my wife who works in health care and can really wear out a watch with dings and scratches. This Nike however has passed that test with flying colors. Outside of having to change the battery after a year, great buy!", "Quality product. It is my second NIKE watch. I would still be wearing the first one but my local jewelry store screwed the seal up when replacing the battery and water got in it.  Love this watch, the crooked face took some getting used to and still sometimes bugs me.  Overall satisfied.", "The unusual design is what attracted me to this design.  It is just a little different from the average sports watch.  I like the angled face, the band is slim and sleek and the display is easy to read.  The only downside is that the angle of the face combined with the fact that the face is very large means that the watch doesn't fit me in the normal watch position of just above the wrist bone (it hits the bone) so I have to wear it below the wrist bone which isn't as comfortable and ends up being under the sleeve of a long sleeved top.", "This watch fits comfortable on your wrist especially for small wrists; also like the fact it has no buttons that can get caught in clothing etc.Easy to operate and read on the run. Have brought another one for a friend as a xmas present.", "Nice bag. Pretty and all. Reasonably sturdy but still the OVERALL material is kinda flimsy and WILL tear eventually if I don't baby it. Don't get me wrong it's totally worth the price just wish the material was a bit thicker", "This bag is nice, but it's also big.  I bought it for my 14 year old son and it's almost more than he can carry.  Quality and ease of use are both good, so if you want a large bag this would be a good choice.", "My son uses this backpack to play tennis and also to go to the university.  He likes it very much.", "This is supposed to be a 'women's' watch.  I bought it as a gift for my 5'3', 110-lb daughter.  It was TOO SMALL to fit on her wrist.", "This watch is excellent, love it, I use it every day and is very comfortable and lightweight.", "When I bought this watch, I liked the boldness of it. That is, the thick band, the macho face, and, of course, because it is a Nike product (LeBron James wore a similar watch.)For the first few weeks, it seemed fine and worked as advertised. However, in the subsequent weeks, one of the nuts, part of the latch assembly fell loose and got lost. I can't wear it now, until I find a replacement.", "AMI ESPOSA LE GUSTA. ES DE BEBE...PERO LE QUE DA A ELLA...POR FAVOR REVISEN LOS PRODUCTOS ANTES DE ENVIARLOS Y QUEDAR MAL...", "I've worn this watch everyday for almost a year now. I'm wearing it right now. It's waterproof and reliable. It's incredibly easy to set and use. I would recommend this watch to anyone who's wrist is small enough.", "great watch for a young lady. she does soccer and swim and all is good with this watch. great price too.", "i thought it was for women but the strap is too short... my bad though", "Less than 6 months of daily use and the watch isnt functioning properly.  The display is dim.  The band is filthy and stained.", "Arrived, looked like a good size and definitely a cute color for a little girl.  Wrapped it up for my daughter for Christmas... Opened it Christmas Day and the display is all messed up! It's like not all the pixels work or something. Returning it Monday.", "thats all okay. The produc came to my house is spain very fast. I like it.", "The wristband only fits the smallest of arms.  My child's arm was too big for this watch...even though the band was long enough, the face of the watch is to rigid to lay flat on anything but the smallest of wrists. Also, the stopwatch only goes to 60 minutes.", "My 8 year old daughter asked for this watch for her birthday.  My brother ordered it for her.  For some reason, supposedly it was returned to the sender and our account was credited.  So, we had to re-order the watch.  I am not sure if that was an issue with the shipping service or the seller.  But, once we finally got the watch, it has been easy to use with clear instructions and has been a perfect watch for my daughter.  It has definitely received some splashes of water and we have not observed any issues with it.  It is cute and cheery.  It could also work for grown ups.", "Well, I bought it for my 13 daughter, the size fits for a kid and even a woman although it is not a big watch. It is well made, the metal part (that closes the wrist)is all rounded so it does not hurts the wrist. SHe uses in her swimmimg lessons, so far no problems, she loves it, and has also a light button to see the hour in the dark", "My 7 yr old daughter LOVES her Nike watch. It has lots of functions! She loves the chronometer, so she can track her reading time etc. Love it!", "This is a great watch for tweens - I bought the purple version for my 13 year old daughter and she loves it.  It is light and very easy to put on and take off. It is hip and sporty looking.  It is not a watch for timing yourself or or monitoring heart rate, distance, etc.  It is just a fun and simple watch that is reliable!  I recommend this watch.", "I bought this product for my sister about a year and a half ago. While it was great while it worked and adjusting the settings was very simple, the item ran out of battery within 9 months of me purchasing it and there is no simple way to replace the battery. And the actual product is actually a soft pink rather than a hard pink like it shows in the pictures.", "What a great product, what a great Seller!  They got this to me before Christmas when I purchased it only 5 days prior to Christmas Day.  What a great seller and person to go above and beyond to make my christmas special.", "I bought this watch for my wife at christmas it arrived on time and worked perfectly I  would recommend this seller again.", "Didn't want to spend $70 on a watch for a kid, but my disabled daughter can only read digital and has OCD about time.  She hasn't taken it off since she got it for her birthday 3 months ago.  Will probably buy another color too.  I've spent lots over the years on anything I could find that is digital without a buckle, but they all failed, so I guess it's worth it in the long run.  It's very sturdy.  Good job Nike.  Too bad digital with cuffs are so rare.", "I do like my new watch.  I needed a digital watch for my job, and this one is easy to read and light on my wrist.  I do have to be a bit more careful with the fact that it does not have a secure clasp.  It will just occasionally move around a bit on my smallish wrist.  I have noticed that it has almost slid off when my long sleeve pulled at it.  still liking it.", "Bought this as a present and gets a lot of compliments. It is very unusual.", "Bought this for my daughter.  She loves the look of the watch and wears it a lot.  The complaint I have is that the band which is a thin plastic has now broken for the second time :(  basically cracked all the way through.  Too bad its a very cute watch.", "Bought this watch for my wife. She wears it to work, play, anywhere casual.  She says it is ultra comfortable, light, the band works great on her small wrist. She has never knocked it off or had it slip.  She has had the watch since Christmas 2009.  She gets a lot of comments and compliments about it.  Has timers she uses at work, two time zones, easy to read and use.  Highly recommended.", "We are very happy and pleased with the quick service. It was a great gift.", "Love Nike digital watches! I have several Nike Presto Cee watches and the Kylo is a similar fit. Comfortable to wear, I barely notice it is on. Nice big digital display with day and date. Unlike the Presto Cee (which ran small) the Kylo will fit many sizes of wrist. Will need to get more colors of the Kylo to add to my watch collection.", "I ordered this for my daughter who is in college.  It is her second one, the first one was stepped on!  She loves the watch and says it is very comfortable.", "First, the positive: I love the design of this watch. It fits great, it's light, it's easy to operate, and you hardly feel it once it's on.Now the negatives:- There is no seconds counter in the main display. This is minor but annoying.- Major FAIL: This watch claims to be water resistant to 5ATM, but is completely not. I sent it back once; they returned it with a note saying that I should not wear it in the shower or to wash dishes.  Are you kidding me?! Daily household use, like washing dishes, does not amount to 5ATM of pressure. If it's that much of a fragile flower, it's useless to me. I am about to return it a second time and will ask if I can get my money back or get it replaced with something that I can actually use for purposes that might involve water, like, for example, running in the rain; showering; washing dishes. Lord knows what will happen if I ever go swimming with it - maybe it will melt! Sheesh; some sports watch.", "Came with licking. one hand wash over sink and it was gone, sent back to USA via friend to repair.......", "Very nice watch has all the basic features that I wanted, band is extremely comfortable and doesn't come loose like you would imagine it would. I would recommend it to anyone wanting a basic watch.", "It is a gorgeous watch, but it lasted for least than a year. The battery cap broke and the minute numbers were fading, incomplete. I barely got to use it.. cheap and bad quality item.", "This watch look very beatiful on the hand of a woman. It work very good and it have easy to carry.", "I thought when I read the detentions it would be big enough but I have a hard time seeing the stop watch. However, I really like the color and it is very comfortable for my small wrist.", "Well, about the sunglasses, they're beautiful and very resistant. The lens, though, are exposed and fragile, I expect them to have scratches in a few days. Still, it fits great on my face... I recommend everyone to try sunglasses before purchasing.", "Better than advertised. Very fast delivery. I am enjoying these great Sunglasses. They stay on my face and don't slide down.", "Nice lookig watch, but try it on before buying. It is very thick and actually snags on sleeves and other things because of the squarish form factor.The luminescent face uses up batteries quickly, which surprised me. The light stops working about half way through the battery life.I bought this because it looks durable and the face is protected by the bezel, and this works exactly as promised. I skateboard and was looking for something that could take a beating, which this watch does very well. I just wish it were less chunky.", "I have owned this Nike Blade watch model WC0037 for 7 months. Out of all the watches I own this one was my most favorite.Oh NO, IT BROKE !!!One evening while removing it from my wrist I notice the black bubber wrist band had separated from the body at the rear battery cover. The entire rubber/plastic hinge had cracked. This wrist band is not replaceable.  I wore this watch daily to my office job. It is a mistery of how and why it broke. Lesson learned is to stick with watches which have standard replacable wrist bands.", "I bought this watch on vacation at a marshalls for 25 bucks last summer. i thought to myself, cant go wrong for a Nike watch at that price. I like the way it looks and feels on my wrist, and the numbers are easily readable. I wore the watch occasionally then the light stopped working. That is a big pet peeve of mine. After a year with only occasional use, the light died. Im glad i didnt wear it too much or I really would have been disappointed.The band also started to unglue around the face of the watch about 1 week after I bought it.I will never stray from g shocks again.", "I bought this watch in aqua blue a year ago.  I purchased it for a cruise, and planned on using it for activities and sports after the cruise was complete.The watch looks nice, but I must question the quality.  One of the side buttons popped out after just two weeks of use!  Luckily it popped back in and it hasn't happened again.  Also, the strap was dark black when I got it.  But after a few hours in saltwater, the black became very faded.It's not a bad watch, but I would look at other options.", "I have owned this Nike watch for 7 months. It is a very neat watch. Unfortunately it broke and I don't know how. One evening I remove it from my wrist and notice the black bubber wrist band had separated from the body at the rear battery cover. The entire rubber/plastic hinge had cracked. This wrist band is not replaceable. I wore this watch daily to my office job. A sports watch should be made rugged. This one is not. Lesson learned is to buy a watch which has a standard replacable wrist band.", "High quality. Good product and price.  Color same as shown online in picsFits well. Not too bulky for small wrists.", "I have the all black version of this watch and at first it was a good watch.Pros-I like how it turns the display off after being idle to save battery-Looks and feels solid and comfortableCons-No light to see in the dark or at night (every digital watch should have that function)-Quality is poor.  Not long after purchase, the rubber surrounding the face of the watch came apart.  I took great care of the watch and never put it through and kind of stress whatsoever.Overall-The quality is definately a downfall, but also not having a light function is a big deal.  If it didn't fall apart I could possible see myself wearing it in the day, but I'll never buy Nike watches again.", "I use these daily for driving and cycling on paved trails.They work great for cycling since alot of the paved trails I frequent are surrounded by trees in certain areas so the suns gets blocked but I dont have to remove the glasses since they adjust to the lighting situation.Great price & fast delivery also!", "alright, so these are pretty good shades for the cost. i liked them because they can be used for people with large faces, my friend has a rather small one and says they are too big. so any average sized face and more would be ideal. these are great because you can wear them at night or indoors because they can get pretty clear, yet they provide decent protection outdoors in the day too. i recommend them", "I've had this watch for probably 3 or 4 years now, although mine is slightly different; mine is all black rubber, and doesn't have the metal bezel around the screen. It has some nice features like the interval timer, but the stopwatch lacks a split time feature. Numbers are easy to read. It is pretty freakin' huge, and it's difficult to wear with like dress shirts or something. That being said, i still love it. I use it mainly for running, going to the gym, and any other rough activities i might not want to put my good watch through. Seriously, i beat the crap out of this thing. I wear it in the pool, in the ocean, i throw it around, i bang it on the ground; the thing is indestructible.As for the price...well, i bought this watch from Costco 3 or 4 years ago for $24.99. So for that price, it's an incredible bargain. I guess it's up to you, whether or not you're willing to spend $110 on a pretty good sport watch.", "Watch is bigger than I expect, but it looks great. Big numbers are very useful. I really like this watch.", "My wife unwrapped this watch, tried it on for a couple hours, and gave up. The face is much too dark, and the display ranges from dim to completely invisible depending on the angle and type of ambient light. We plan to return it and find a different watch instead.", "Nice looking watch purchased for my wife, but poor backlighting and dark glass creates difficulty in reading it.  Would've returned it, but she's a die-hard Nike fan.", "I like Nike watches but this watch is too dark to read the numbers.  I have to hit the \"light\" button at times, to be able to see what time it is. It does look nice. There aren't many nice looking digital women's watches out there that are good to wear when you need to wear something other than sports clothes.  Why aren't there dressier digital women's watches?", "Not for an adult!!!  Cool for a kid's wrist, but band is very short.", "I bought this for my daughter last Christmas.  She likes it so much, I wanted one.  Then I could only find a used one.  That really didn't appeal to me, but I did it anyway.  To my surprise, the watch came in the original box, with the manual, etc.  It's a great watch!  Easy to use and easily readable while running.", "There are those who believe that life here began out there, far across the universe, with tribes of humans who may have been the forefathers of the Egyptians, or the Toltecs, or the Mayans. Some believe that there may yet be brothers of man who even now fight to survive somewhere beyond the heavens.But I don't care. I just want to know the time. Of course, if my watch looks cool, then that's a plus. This watch is pretty basic, but it looks like a Cylon.Which is why I'm not so sure this would be the watch that I would wear if I was fleeing from the Cylon tyranny, leading a rag-tag fugitive fleet on a lonely quest to find a shining planet known as Earth.I'm just saying.", "When first received, I could not set the watch, was told battery not functional. The Seller was most helpful. In fact, the problem involved a tendency to lose the running function when wearing long sleeve shirts. If the cuff should bump a set function button, and the watch is so new the learning curve requires close attention, it is easy to conclude the instrument is not functioning properly! The problem is one of design, not involving the seller, save he might advise how functions can be changed accidentally by a shirt or jacket cuff. But this seller came through in excellent fashion.", "The look, feel, fit, and construction are all superb. I love photo-chromatic lenses. My only problem is these do not get dark enough for bright southern California days. I usually have the opposite problem where they lenses do not get light enough. This lens is the first to get light enough for me to actually wear in doors comfortably. Those are are personal preference problems not quality problems. If you like a lighter rather than a darker lens I think you can buy these with complete confidence.", "UPDATE:1 month after I started using this, it was beginning to fall apart. The material started sagging in some places. The stitched logo was coming apart. (I wash it with soap after every use, I never wring it by hand, I hang it to airdry, there's an electric swimsuit wringer at the gym that's especially made to get the water out of the swimsuit without ruining it, that's what I use before hanging it to airdry)2 months after, I need a new one.(I swim about 2-3 times per week for 1-3 hours)I'm swimming a lot (around 2.5 hours every other day, give and take) and this swimsuit stays put. I'm a size 0 (in women's clothes) and I can't believe I needed a size 34 for this swimsuit.I wish there were cradles or something like a bra to hold your chest in place, with all the moving in the water I would really like more support. Otherwise it's pretty comfortable (you can do somersaults without flashing anything to anyone :)", "He doesn't have to take it off because it's waterproof, which is a huge plus when you're 7. Also, it keeps him aware of time. Nice product.", "I got this watch for my 7 year old to help him come home on time when at a friend's house.  He also uses the countdown timer, as well as the alarm to get up in the morning for school (which helps mom alot!)  We taught him how to use it, and he has no problems using it.  Great watch for school age children.", "Gotta say they are great, high resistance, I bought it like 2 years ago, and today they are beggining to peal a little bit in the piece between the glasses, however, is in the inside, so people can't see it.", "I am quite careless with my spectacles and have broken quite a few,this is why flexon is great for me. Pairing up with Nike brings added style to the product as well as Flexon's guaranttee ok durability.", "My watch broke within two months of purchase. I'm sending it back to be repaired, but I'd rather get my money back. I don't think the features are very well designed. For example, to set the countdown timer to a new value, you have reset the current timer to its initial value - you can't just stop a timer in the middle and set a new value. It might not seem like a big deal, but little things like that can be annoying. The hourly beep turns on and off sometimes when I bend my wrist. I think I'll be going back to the Timex Ironman.", "gift to my other brother. he liked so much, i stole from him several times to try it. It is a \"weired\" nice looking watch.", "The face is very easy to read. The light also works well in dark conditions. I love that it will give you the average time of your laps and the best lap time over the course of a run so you don't have to figure that avg. out yourself. I have not used the workout/interval function yet so I can not comment on that but it seems like it would be very useful if you did that sort of training. The only drawback that I see is that when your wrist and watch get wet it takes a very long time to dry. It makes sense since rubber is not very breathable, but I guess I did not think of that before since I had never owned a watch with a rubber band. Overall I am happy with this purchase as it does exactly what I bought it to do.", "I love this watch. The wrist strap design is much improved over Nike Triax Speed which tended to come apart at hinged points. Triax Fury has a nicely contoured uni-body design for watch and strap (no hinge points). Display is easy enough to read although the crystal is a flat plane and can reflect light (on this point, the Triax Speed was superior due to its rounded magnifying crystal). I am very satisfied with the Nike Triax Fury 100, an exceptional value for the $32 price.", "Great features, sleek look, Nice Backlight visibility, interval capabilities, and up to 100 lap tracking!  30 bucks doesn't buy you anything better!", "Nike Triax Fury 100 Style Watch, Black/Light GraphiteThis is my second purchase of this exact watch.Pros: Great color and look.Pros: Band stays on for outdoor activities, it is a rubber material so it wont smellPros: Easy to view, the display is tiltedPros: QualityCons: instructions are a little crazy, but I know how to set it now! also available online when you lose them.Overall:  Best price I have seen on this watch.  I think Nike is dropping out of watches so this may be a closeout to snatch up.Chef Kurt", "This is a great running watch, yet I have one bone to pick with Nike--the \"Interval Work Out\" feature is somewhat confusing and not at all what I am used to from my past watches.  It is not a \"set your 1-2 time intervals to count down from alternatingly\", rather it has a strange system which I have not entirely figured out yet--all I know is that it is hands-on, not -off like the old watch used to be.Otherwise the watch functions perfectly well, time, chronometer, data storage, and alarms are all what you come to expect from a standard sports watch.", "I've been trying to find one of these watches for a while now and was super excited to find this one. I loved the color. But the watch band is really small, and while I could force it onto my wrist at the smallest notch, it was unbearably uncomfortable. In fact, it didn't even fit on my wife. I had to return it.", "I purchased this watch as a replacement for a Nike watch that i had for about 7 years.  I was very happy with my orginal and just as happy with its replacement.  I would recommend to anyone looking for a watch in this category", "It is a great product at a reasonable price. The delivery was right on time.", "I searched every local store and searched the web to find the right sports watch after my Timex broke.  I specifically needed the time and date displayed without pressing any extra buttons.  I decided I couldn't find a Timex that I liked so I started looking at the Nike watches.  This watch looks great on.  The face is slightly bigger than I would like but it still looks nice on. It's bigger than most female watches but smaller than most male watches.  This watch has many functions that I don't need but what I do need is displayed on the main screen.  Another great feature of the design is that the loop that the end of the excess band has a peg and hole style so that it stays in the loop and doesn't come out and hang down. Luckily the watch time was already set correctly because there were no instructions included to tell me how to set the watch. I have pressed all of the buttons, but still don't know how to work it very well.  I gave it 4 stars because they didn't make learning how to use the watch very quick or easy, although I have used the back light and the silver button on the front of the watch is actually a button to switch to \"time 2.\"  Overall I am satisfied with my purchase.", "i do all my workouts with this watch, it is well priced and i've got alot out of it !", "I bought this watch and I am very much satisfied with this product. But I am disappointed that amazon fluctuates price of same product so frequently that I bought it twice with a gap of 10 days and difference was 10% in price", "This watch survived through everything; I went to basic training with it and beat it up for 3 years before I started having problems (The light would sometimes dim and go out even when I replaced the battery). It was only 50 bucks when I bought it and wish i could find it for that price again. Every other watch I buy breaks after a couple months :p", "I really like the Nike Triax watches.  This one has great options and is just as dependable as my last Nike triax watch.  The look and style are quite appealing and actually adds functionality in the way it is constructed, with both ease of seeing the display and comfort.  The only negative thing I can find with the Nike Triax Fury 100 is the band is quite small given that it is a men's watch.", "This is a great watch for the price (I payed around $35). The large display is easy to read even while running and the buttons are arranged so that only one will be pressed at a time. There are more modes and features built into this watch than I will ever use, but they are quite handy. I love how it sits diagonally on my arm when worn.My only complaint is the ease with which the sound can be turned on and off. You simply press a button once to turn it on, and again to turn it off. I don't like it when my watch beeps every hour, but I find myself needing to turn off the sound multiple times since I always seem to turn it on without noticing. I wish this was a press and hold feature, but alas, a minor complaint that I can easily live with.The sleep feature of this watch is also really nice and extends the battery life many times over. However, I wish there was an increment shorter than an hour.", "Great all-round workout watch - I use it to run, swim, and cycle. You will want to make sure you read the instruction manual carefully beforehand as there is a lot of available functionality that isn't all that easy to figure out by yourself. I would definitely recommend this watch, and at this low price, seems like a no-brainer!PROS - Lightweight. Sleek. Loads of functions. Memory. Good battery life. Decent size viewable screen.CONS -Size: I'm 6'2\" 200lbs and the strap is on the 2nd to last hole, so if you have large wrists, this could be a little snug for you.Battery: It's close to impossible to change the battery yourself without damaging the watch and losing some functionality. But for around $8 a watchmaker will change it for you, so not a deal-killer.Complexity - Fairly complex to figure out, especially if you're the average guy who hates reading instruction manuals!Bottom line - don't hesitate to buy this watch, it does all it should and does it well!", "I bought this watch in early 2010 and haven't had to change the battery yet. I swim take a shower and sleep with my watch and the band is so soft that it doesn't bother me at all. Looks new.  I sincerely LOVE my watch!", "Nike Triax Fury 100 Style Watch (Black/Red)I have this watch in the Black Grey also!  this color is my \"sporty work out color\"  the other is more for around town.Pros: Great color and look.Pros: Band stays on for outdoor activities, it is a rubber material so it wont smellPros: Easy to view, the display is tiltedPros: QualityCons: instructions are a little crazy, but I know how to set it now! also available online when you lose them.Overall: Best price I have seen on this watch. I think Nike is dropping out of watches so this may be a closeout to snatch up.Chef Kurt", "This watch is great for keeping track of my running.  It has many many features, and the screen is nice and big.  The buttons are pretty easy to use and it doesn't get too sweaty.  Overall great purchase.", "I'm a distance runner, artist, and new mom so I like having a good sports watch that is easy to read, aesthetic, and can take a pounding. After having a Timex Marathon die on me for the fourth time (fantastic watches, but they are very poorly made now), I decided it as time to try something different.I wanted a watch that was durable, had a readable display and lap features. I was also looking for something that was somewhat aesthetic (I love casio's durability, but their watches are a pain to read and clunky-looking).Based on reviews on several different sites (including here), I decided to try the Nike Triax Fury 100. For $35 (it retails $95), I figured it was worth a try. It's fantastic! It has many functions, fits very comfortably on my left wrist (but not on my right), and is everything I hoped for.I only have two complaints - First, it looks a little large, but that's no surprise as I'm a petite woman (5'1\") and most of the reviewers for this model are guys (even though one of them mentions it is a woman's model). It's more important that it fits very well and comfortably--which is great as most watch bands irritate my skinny little wrists (I'm tightened to the first hole, but I usually am on the first or second on women's watches). My other complaint is I wish mine came with a manual (I'm currently looking for one online). It has a lot of features, and I'd like to know how to use them all. :)All that aside, though, I'm pretty pleased. Time will tell as to how well this watch will last compared to my 4 timexes, but I have a good feeling about it.Edit: I have found some information and manuals for this watch:[...]", "I just got my watch this morning and it is standard (i.e. fantastic) Nike quality. This watch is perfect for me because I'm quite active in sports. It keeps the time, date, has alarms, lights up green, has a big dial face for quick and easy glances to see exactly what you need to see, even has some sort of data saving function, and is super stylish!My only gripe about this (and it's not even really about the watch itself) is that this model, WR0139, is a women's watch. What this means is that the band is slimmer and shorter than a men's watch. This watch happens to fit me but on the LAST NOTCH; so I'm going to keep it because then the only real gripe I have, then, is the band width, which I don't think anyone is really going to notice.", "Excelente producto, recomedado 100% para futuras compras. Excelente producto, recomedado 100% para futuras compras. Excelente producto, recomedado 100% para futuras compras.", "really good quality and good for running. the red part of the watch becomes darker and dirty looking after time and I haven't found a good way of making it look clean yet.", "Great watch, but a few problems:(1) I am left handed, and I didn't think about the curve of the watch before I bought it. I now have to bend my right arm at an awkward angle if I really want to get a good view of the time.(2) I am petite (5'3\") and the size of the face looks like a man's watch on my arm. Rather big and bulky.(3) The numbers aren't smooth, but look almost \"perforated\" --- the small spacing between the numbers makes it somewhat difficult to read and a small irritant.It does fit well and the colors are great -- a very bright red with black.", "This watch was a great deal for the money i spent on it. At under $50 this watch has everything i need. i only wish it also had a heart rate monitor to it, but then i would've been spending more money. i like the stopwatch/run feature and get the most use out of this. i haven't explored all of the options yet, but i like what i see so far. numbers are easy to read and band fits comfortably on my wrist.", "I did a search for Heart Monitor and this item appeared, and being a fan of Nike, I just ordered the item not researching farther.  When I received it I realized that this watch did not have the Heart Monitor feature.  I immediately returned it.  FYI....This watch has a really small wrist band.  Not sure why this watch appeared in my search.", "This watch is perfect for running. It is light weight and very durable. The only issue I have is that the wristband is a little small. I am an average male and have to put the wristband at the second to last notch. I run/jump collegiately and we all wear this nike watch. It is a great quality. The features on the watch are great. There is time, laps, reps, and it even allows you to save your previous workouts.", "When I first got it, admittingly I didnot like its strap as much as my previous Nike watches as it's red/black but then and now I'm in love with it..The reason I took it in red was the price:) But now I'm glad I didnot pay extra for the color because the color is really nice and gives me energy during the sports and also goes well with my colorful training clothes..It's so comfortable that I never take it off during my sleep or shower..It has got 2 time zones with just a click to a button or you can view the 2 time zones simultaneously..It has Run, workout, data and alarm modes. It has really satisfied me and I like it so much that I want to wear it to work sometimes:))", "I've owned Timex watches for the past 20 years, using them mostly for running and training for races from 5K to the marathon.  When my battery died on my last one I decided to try something new, especially since the battery didn't last particularly long on it (about 2 years, when it should go 4-5).  I really like this watch.  I've been using it for about a month now, and am impressed with its functionality.Pros: (1) Excellent functionality -- I like how the modes are designed. (2) Power-save feature is very nice -- you can set the watch display to go off after 1, 2, 4, 6 or 12 hours.  I set mine for an hour.  To turn it back on, simply press any button.  (3) Nice, large, visible numbers for splits while running.  (4) Very stylish design.  I was unsure about the colors and look when I ordered it, but I am sold now.  (5) Warranty -- two full years!  That's way better than Timex.Cons: (1) The reset button is also the light function button.  So, in order to reset the memory you must also trigger the light.  Not a big deal, but it does eat battery power.  In my mind, this is more than made up for by the power-save function. (2) I'm not sure and time will tell, but the band has a clip attachment to catch the extra amount of band not being used that seems like it could break.  Perhaps it won't, but I wonder how it will hold up.  (3) The light itself is not overly brilliant -- I do like the \"indiglo\" of Timex better.  But, this is not a big deal.Overall I recommend this product.  For me, four-stars is about as much as a product can earn as I treat five-stars as meaning nearly zero cons -- very rare.  Grab this one and be happy!", "you can use it in the gym or with your sportive clothes. it has data saver, timer, clock, date.", "I wasn't under the impression that this was a womens or possibly a kids size watch but it is.  Its small.  Fortunately, I have a relatively small wrist so I can wear it.  It's on the second to last hole.  I had a Nike Triax 100 watch for 8-9 years and put it through hell and it kept on ticking.  It was designed well and the functions worked perfectly.  That's why I bought this watch.  Seemed to be the closest thing.  It's not at all.  The numbers/letters are not fluid.  They are made up of pixels.  My older Triax was more fluid.  Strike 1.  This Triax only has 2 alarms.  When you have 5 you tend to use them.  Strike 2. I don't get the \"work out\" feature at all on this thing.  The instructions suck.  Strike 3.  It's an angle design.  When you look at it while running it is suppose to be designed so that you don't have to turn your arm parallel to your body to read it however, they over did the angle.  Try turning your arm perpendicular to your body with your elbow by your side.  Its not natural while running.  It's actually more difficult to read.  Very Strange.  Have to wonder if anyone actually tried it before production.  Strike 4.  Only one star left, I guess that's how I will rate it.", "very nice product.i love it ,good service , the watch is very good quality too,this products tend to fit and feel very comfortably", "I completely love this watch and the way it feels. it is well worth the money.", "The setup process is a little bit complicated.  But after that, it works very well.", "I'm volley ball coach and this watch help me a lot in my job and also it's very resistant. I loved this watch it's my second I bought.", "nike really did a great job redesigning the wristbands to their watches. this band is all one piece and it is really thick and sturdy. at first i wasnt sure id like how big the big face is, but its grown on me. i wear it primarily as i coach soccer but its such a great looking watch that im wearing it all the time. its very durable also, ive played goalie in it when coaching my boys and after taking shots and diving around on it i havent noticed any wear on it. overall im completely pleased with this watch for the price it was, id recommend it to anyone.", "It's a great sports watch, got it as a gift for my cousin, he loves it.", "Really nice watch.  The band seems very durable.  If you have a small wrist this watch will be a problem as the band near the watch does not flex at all.  I have a med to slightly small wrist and I just barely make it.  I have to use the holes near the end of the strap.  Really nice looking watch, especially with the stainless steel around the face.  The display is nice and large.  When you use the run mode it will display the lap time and total time together, which is really nice.  I am picky about watches and I really like this one alot!", "I had my Timex for about 2.5 years when the band broke. It really annoys me that you have to send it to some repair center to have it replaced for something as insignifigant as a band. Unfortunately this watch will be the same issue one day, the band however feels much more substantial than timex did.The wrist size needs to be correct, it fits my wrist right up to the next to the next to last opening and I consider my wrist to be slightly less than average sized for a man.The watch itself is fantastic the numbers truly can be seen from across the room. The capabilities of the watch are as good as timex, with the exception of the 5-10 alarms, only 2 for this watch, but frankly it is one more than I need. I like a large watch and this is quite large on my wrist, it has a substantial feel to it weight wise, not light and \"plasticky\" like timex. The colors work better for me too, timex has some wacked out color schemes for their watches.I recommend this watch as an upgrade from timex, but be sure you get the correct size, the super is for medium to large wristed men, or women with a large to very large wrist.", "I was looking for a watch that was easy to operate. You can set two different times zones and get two alarms in each time zone. For running, you have the PACE function which is great for setting target times. Looks great on your wrist and comfortable, but you need to know about the sizes (Super vs, Regular), is hard to find a good information about it, i've got a Super size watch, so, if you are a man with average size buy Super if you are a woman buys Regular size.", "PRO:I really like these 'swoosh' shaped watches with huge numbers for running.  This hits that perfectly - you could read the numbers from across the room.The interval workout feature is very nice and something not found on many digital sport watches.CON:In day to day operation I miss having more than 2 alarms (old IronMan had a bunch 5, 10 something like that) and more importantly a countdown timer.The bigger problem is the size/band setup.  This watch is large (5cm diagonally across the face).  If you have say marathon runner wrists I'd measure first and see how well it is going to fit.  The face size isn't the only problem.  Because of the non-replaceable ridged band (that doesn't curve as tightly as fabric would) the watch fits even bigger than it actually is.As a running watch having it slide around a little bit isn't the end of the world.  Sadly I could never wear it all day.  On the plus side this makes the lack of alarms less of a problem.CONCLUSION:Bottom line if you've got the wrist for it (~ >18cm D) buy it.  But if you are female or a life long distance runner you likely don't have the wrist for it.", "This watch has been great for working out and I even haven't had a problem wearing it all day while at work. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was that sometimes I need to use it for an alarm and it's not always loud enough and doesn't go off for very long before shutting off. Other than this minor fault everything else about this watch is fantastic. I definitely recommend looking into this watch if you are considering sports watches.", "My husband really likes this watch. There were a couple minor snags with it but all in all a good purchase.", "I wish I could give no starts. Looked cheap, uncomfortable on hand.  Came in plastic zipper bag, no box. I did return this monstrosity (I had to pay s+h)", "This product is excellent, if you started running and want to do things the right way this is a keeper! great desing and color, light, accurate, and the amazing look....I use it almost everyday to go to work too... and the price awesome!", "This is a very nice casual watch.  It keeps great time and is easy to read with large numbers for all of us that need reading glasses.  Once you get the hang of all the settings it is fairly easy to use.", "Great watch. Times my laps and wakes me up in the morning all while looking quite sharp. Can't beat that!", "This watch is very well built feeling compact and solid on your wrist.  The extra interval timing and pace settings are extremely useful when doing specific workouts.  The saved data is easy to use and calculates important workout info for you on the fly.  I would recommend this watch to any serious runner.", "This is a great looking watch, unfortunately the watch band broke after 1 month.  I hadn't put it on that much when the watch band broke.  Now I need to find somewhere to get it repaired.", "Great watch. I've read some reviews where they say the watch is to big. I think It's just perfect. For those of you who prefer a smaller version just order the regular watch not the SUPER.", "The Nike Triax Super Fury 100 gets mistakenly included by Amazon when doing a search for heart rate monitors. I became aware that it's NOT an HR monitor when I opened the box and read the instructions. Beware, don't do the same. It's a good-enough watch for timing runs, etc. but nothing special. There is a charge for returning the watch; so I just kept it. I then went to my local Big 5 sports store and purchased the HR monitor that I wanted.", "I have gotten to use it very little. Has big easy to read numbers, hence the \"Super\" versus the \"Regular\" in the product description. Fits well and is lightweight. Don't need any added weight here. Probably has way more functions than i need. My only gripe is that it is kind of hard to get off with the silicone wrist band I feel like I am going to break it just taking it off. Maybe I should wear it more and break it in?", "Love the watch. Size is perfect and with useful features. Only drawback I see so far is that the time does not appear during the running and training chronos, hence it is easy to loose control of the time.", "I love this watch!  It is perfect for my two active sports of Cycling and Surfing but I like enough to wear it every day during the weekend.", "This watch is made for right-handed people.  4 of the past 7 presidents have been left-handed.  Can't we get watches?", "This watch does everything it's supposed to do plus a little more.  It has a pace feature, a recovery feature, and or course a regular stop watch.  The nike fury is super comfortable and fits perfectly on your wrist. Plus it even lights up!", "This is an excellent easy to read and set water proof watch. However it is very east for it to skip modes due to the placing of the buttons", "This is a nice watch for the price.  It fits well on the wrist provided you dont have a large wrist. I bought it for my husband and he is really happy with it.", "Great wacht. I dont understand how can anyone give 3 or 4 star on that wacht. It 5...easy!", "I have been wearing a Nike Triax watch to work for three years stright. Submerged in water, left in the snow for weeks, 120 degree weather, nothing can stop it!also has a great battery power saver feature. I will be wearing these to work as long as they are around.", "I use this watch for coaching soccer and it has met my needs. Also priced well for the options and style.", "I Love my new watch it has a comfortable fit and is easy to set and use.", "Love the watch, love the functions.  I am a novice runner and dont really need lots of functions.  The only complaint was learning how to use the watch.  It didnt come with instructions but I was able to find a set on the internet.  Otherwise I love my nike watch and use it as a daily watch in addition to training.", "I found out that I am now allergic to the wrist band on this watch.  I knew I was allergic to the Timex band, but my last Nike Triax watch was fine.  Then the strap broke.  I thought the Nike watch band would be fine, but I developed a red rash under the wrist band.  I am not allergic to latex, but there must be some sort of material in the newer ones that don't agree with me.", "The add did originally not tell me it was a women's watch!The watch is probably fine, but a bit small for my wrist, thank you.", "I needed a watch to replace my previous Nike watch for swimming. This watch has excellent visability and seems to be reliable, and most importantly, waterproof. The old Nike watch I had was reliable and is still working but the way the band attached to the watch caused it to break and is unrepairable. The price and quality of this unit is terrific.", "Good watch for running - lightweight and has sufficient features for its price. Been using it for a month now and I'm happy with it. Good value for your $$.", "I bought this watch for my husband because he needed one and I thought this would fit his needs.  My husband is very finicky when it comes to his running apparel and accessories.  He seems to really like it and has gotten several compliments on it.  The face is large enough to easily read with a quick glance.  Which is especially important when one is at the age that they need either longer arms or larger print.", "I've had Timex watches but this beats them all. For one, I broke watches annually because i'd do home repair, hunting, etc. with the watch on. This one is now 5 years old! To top that, it's battery just died yesterday... after 5 yrs!! Easy to read and use. Many functions so you can use it for more than running (cooking, timing anything...)A runner's friend. HIGHLY recommend!!", "Watch arrived earlier than date which was great. It was even sent out on the day i bought it. Seller seems like they know what they are doing.Nike Triax watch- Great watch for running/swimming/biking, and outdoor/aquatic activities. Looks great with any outfit. Very simple functioning which is good. Only downside of the watch, is the wrist size. I am a male and have an average size write. I have to wear the watch about my wrist because the two sides of the face that start the watch bands are not long enough to fit the size of my wrist. The watch still looks great. great overall product.", "Good basic all around sport watch, looks good and is reasonably priced.  Good quality as well.  I would buy it again, though I probably won't have to because it seems pretty solid.Although it doesn't mention it, it is water safe for swimming, some running watches are not.The timing function is a bit annoying and not very intuitive, but it has a large display and I just use the normal clock mode to time my distance runs. It is good for occasional \"exact\" timing.Also records data, which is more helpful than I thought it would be.One word of caution: the band is pretty small.  I have medium sized wrists (for a man) and when I put on the watch there are only about 4 notches left.  The benefit is that is that it holds tight and is comfortable.  I barley notice it: it doesn't move around at all.", "My marathon son loves this watch - easy to read when on the move, lightweight, doesn't cramp his wrist.", "I was seriously embarrassed when my brother opened his Christmas gift and this is what he saw. It is very cheap looking and I was not happy with it at all once I saw it in person.", "This watch was a very good purchase. I use it on a daily basis, both for work as well as personally. I like the stopwatch function. I have had this watch for 4 years and it still keeps great time. I have had to replace the battery once and a pin on the band once but it was at minimal cost and for the amount of use I get out of it, it was worth it.", "Excellent watch-- shipping was fast, product came brand new in original box, just as advertised.  Would not hesitate to do business again.", "The quality is so good on this shirt. My son loves it! It really is just as I expected and I am happy with it!", "Got this t-shirt to start using it when i go to the gym, i hope to not get a wrong size", "When I first got this I thought I was gonna have to send it back my 3 year old little cousin looked like he could fit it. Until I tried it on, it with great. the only problem  is that it holds odor.", "Wanted by my grandson in like forever. He loves it !!! It's Nike. Who could ask for anything more !!!", "Comfortable size, inexpensive, doesn't stand out or try to make a fashion statement. Not bulky and light weight. So far so good!", "This is an excellent watch, Nike is a excellent brand, good quality of he product.", "The service I have received since receiving my product has been awful. Not only is the product faulty and not working but the company who sent it are no where to be found!! I have been calling them for over three weeks on three seperate numbers plus an email address and I have had no reply. I have contacted Nike direct about this but if I send it back to them I have to forfit the postage cost and maybe other costs. I have since managed to get hold of the company Jamashop/Watchsavers who where far from helpful and have directed me again to their website with details on how to send it back but I am very torn on trusting this company. I was very worried about ordering off the internet and after this experaince I will not be doing it again.", "I wear this watch 24/7.  It's got a great look and great functions.  The numbers are large.  The light works great.  You can turn off the sounds so it won't beep when you press a button.  After about a year of wearing it every day it's pretty dirty but its practical use by far outweighs the discoloration.", "this watch has two buttons and four functions.  you can use the chronograph and the time. for the date, you have to press the button. thus it is different from other watches that have the date on the same screen as the time. it can light up as well. it's waterproof so you can wear it swimming and in the shower. the numbers are big so it is easy to read while running. it is a little heavier than the other imara watches.  it seems more durable because the buttons are in stainless steel rather than the rubber material as on the other imara watches. the pink is a little lighter than it appears on the screen.", "Hey! What can I say? I Love the watch. Love the color. It matches most of my outfits. I would reccomend this to anyone.", "I bought this for my daughter. She had viewed the picture and thought the band was a clamp type. She said that the strap hurt her wrist. Also, when we tried to set it following the diagram, we managed to set the time, but none of the rest - date, stopwatch, etc. The options flashed by without allowing us to change them. It may have been one defective watch, but it was hard to tell if it was that or that we interpreted the pictures incorrectly. I returned the watch.", "My 10-year-old daughter rec'd this watch for Christmas. It has the stopwatch and timer combined so that you either use the stopwatch as a stopwatch and it counts up OR set a time and then it counts down. The alarm is loud enough to be useful. The time is large and easy to read. We find the alarm very easy to set and turn on and off... No learning curve, very intuitive. It is large on a 10-year-old wrist, but not so large that it is cumbersome for her. We all dig it.", "I bought the watch because of Lance Armstrong and for its look. Its super cool and easy to wear  all day. Very pleased.", "I like this watch. I think it is original in its design and well made. The scale of it is good and it is very comfortable to wear. The only thing I am not happy with is that the date window is small and difficult to read. The altimeter works well enough and seems to be accurate within a few meters depending on weather conditions.", "The watch is fine; and why wouldn't it be? But it was nearly impossible to get TO it. It comes enclosed in a hard, black \" sphere \" that was supposed to be slightly open; thus enabling one to remove the watch from it. However, mine was sealed shut and no amount of pulling and pushing and twisting let me open it. I had no recourse but to trek to the Nike store and ask them to do it. Well, they did -- but only after about 1/2 an hour of killing themselves as well. My recommendation? Buy the watch in a store and let them hand it to you.", "- it works fine- the pink light is cute- it works under water- is comfortable- has a good size- it's really pretty, is that watch that allows you to practice sports and look nice", "Very impressed with sleekness and hometown team colors. I couldn't find these colors in regular Nike retail stores. Thanks NIKE.", "Product received was a bit smaller in size than it appeared in the web site. But it is a good brand and works fine.", "My friend daughter enjoyed the watch. she plays basketball and run track and it is very durable for the sports", "This is the perfect gift for a woman! I recommend it 100%, Its very beautiful and the its blue light works very well in the small screen! i am pleased with this purchase!", "Nike Women's Triax Swift Analog Watch #WR0078-401I ordered it  as a birthday gift. It was nicly packed but defective - did not work at all. Big disappointment.", "I bought this for a gift and decided to keep it because I like the sleek look and the fun band. It looks great with jeans.  I have large wrists and I can wear it, but only on the last hole in the strap. It's difficult to find fun and cute watches for women with 7-inch wrists.This one is not great, but better than most.", "I've worn a watch every day since I can remember.  Every year I've bought a new watch because the one I had wore out.  A year ago I bought this Nike watch.  I've worn it every single day since then and there is not one scratch on the screen.  This watch extremely impresses, so much so that I would recommend it to anyone.", "I have wanted another digital watch for a while now and was eyeing this one.  I finally purchased it. I love this watch. It is truly what I was looking for.  The face is the right size.  I do not struggle to figure out the time and date. Bam! It's right there in your face.  Some of my co-workers have been eyeing my watch.  It's a great change from the regular 'ole dressy watch.  I don't leave home without it. It's a great watch to have in your collection.", "It is a very nice looking watch. My friend likes it more than me because she has a very thin wrist, not mine. But I still like it.", "I bought this watch one year ago. I could wear it just for 6 months, then it came off. I hated its rubbery band design. When you put the watch on a desk, it seems like U-shape. It never gets flatten, so bands are damaged and cracked easily. Rubbery bands glued to the case of the watch. My watch was broken apart from that glued part. I recommend you to buy a leather or a stainless steel watch instead of paying $70 for this useless watch.", "Looks pretty good.Minor drawbacks(a) The alarm is so soft its useless(b) The watch case is pretty thick. But maybe its intentional to make it look like an orb.(c) Unless its broad daylight you will need the backlight to see the time.", "My second pair I found a style that works for me comfortable and durable light weight I can't say enough good things about these glasses", "This watch is really easy to use as well as stylish. The band seems very durable. It's a great sports watch. Overall I am really pleased with the purchase!!!", "Shipment arrived on time. Great service and product! I would recommend to a friend and will shop with them again.", "This watch is great gave it to my grandson for his birthday he wears it all the time.  It is easy to see and no guess work on his part, no excuses to come home late.", "I picked this watch up for $20, it appears it is now going for more like $90.  If you can pick this up for less than $40 I would say go for it, $90 seams like a bit much.", "I am a man of medium build, who typically buys watches in the 40-42mm range.  This watch is SMALL - very small.  It is 42mm across diagonally, but it is much smaller in the other direction because it has a rectangular shape - so it appears much smaller than just simply saying it's 42mm.  There's another nike fury listed as ladies that is 45mm - that should tell you something.  The worst part is the band size.  I have NEVER seen a band this small on a mens watch.  I compared and it is the size of the bands on my wife's dress watches - that's how tiny it is.  Of the 14 holes in the band, I have to set it to the 13th hole for it to fit comfortably!  I will ask my wife if she wants it (because it is a cool looking), otherwise it will go back.Trust me, if you are a guy DO NOT BUY this watch unless you are tiny or like small, ladies size watches.", "I returned it right away.  It was too small and felt cheap and flimsy.  It felt like a fleamarket knock-off.", "The clock face is rotated to facilitate viewing when worn on the left wrist. Many left handed people wear their watch on the right wrist however. The watch face is rotated the wrong direction to be worn on the right wrist however. There is no right wrist version for left handed individuals. Big fail by Nike.", "I haven't used the workout lap features yet, so no comment there.  It's a good medium sized watch.  My favorite feature so far is being able to display two time zones.  It seems of sturdy construction.  My only annoyance is the top right button often gets pushed by the back of my hand during moderate workout activities, which turns the alarm feature on and off.  Other than that, I love this watch so far.", "I got this watch and it came brand new. The box was in perfect condition. The watch works great and looks great too. The only thing I can find about it that is a little annoying, is that the alarm button (the one that goes off every hour) gets easily pushed unknowingly.NIKE TRIAX FURY 50 REGULAR WATCH BLACK/RED WR0141-012", "nike makes great watches, meant to get the triax speed though,this is a good watchdoesn't do the countdown timer like i wantgot a great dealband holds up great, my last watch got kicked off in a triathlon, but worked great till then", "The company responded to the problem with the item and refunded with no concerns.  I was pleased with the customer service, not with the item - seems like the latest model syncs better with the other items it needs to.", "I am totally disappointed.  It is difficult to read in sunlight (I run in the park and can only read it in shadows).  It does not operate correctly with iPod as advertised.  STAY AWAY.  I ended up buying a polar unit which has a much better tracking application.", "I got it for the Ipod touch.  It's made for the Nike app.  If you just want to use it as a remote for your music you have to set up a generic workout and then go through the Nike App to change the music to the song/podcast/audiobook you want to listen to.  Took a bit to figure it out but I'm happy with it.  Like no having to pull out the Touch to pause/adjust song.", "This is a watch and a wireless iPod remote, intended to use with your Nike+ adapter connected in your iPod and shoe.As a watch, it's has a very cool look, but it's not quite usable, because everytime you need to see what time is it, you have to press a button an see rolling the hour and the the minutes. And in open sunlight the LCDs can't be seen easily, so you have to catch or make a shade to see the info. This two things could make a no-go for some people.As a remote, it works absolutely flawlessly with every iPod I've tested, the unique exceptions are the iPhone (2G or 3G version), and the iPod Touch (Gen. 1 and 2), but I believe that with the latter (iPod Touch 2G) some solution can be done via software update, because this device has the Nike+ receiver inside, but no option to sync.Besides this issues, training feedback, switching song, setting volume and playing your selected Power Song works incredible, so this accessory becomes the perfect companion in your training sessions, and a useful iPod mate in the everyday routine, because it make easier and more accesible to have the control of your music in the iPod.I can recommend it wholeheartedly to every people who can't train or go in their lives with the music they love in their ears, like me.UPDATE: Apple solved the 2G iPod Touch issue, and now it works perfectly with it, you just have to download the latest firmware, and be sure you are connected to the shoe receiver.There's a new version that upgrades the wireless capabilities, and changes the string, but nothing else.", "The remote watch simply doesn't work.  After trying unsuccessfully to sync it to my iPod, I took it to an Apple Store, where several technicians also were not able to sync it.  They tried all kinds of combinations, and were able to determine that the watch is defective and the problem was not with my iPod.  I have been e-mailing the manufacturer, but so far have not gotten a replacement or a refund.  Purchasing the remote watch has just been a major hassle!!", "I ordered this watch because of the large display. Easier to see while running or swimming. Functions are easy to use. It can display two time zones and two alarms. Get alot of comments that its a cool looking watch. The yellow and black band compliments the Lance Armstrong line of Nike clothing. Love the power saver feature which turns the watch off in 3, 6, or 12 hour increments.", "I needed a workout/running/sweat on it watch and this watch has all the features I needed and was very reasonably priced. The fit is a bit stiff on my wrist as the band is molded about an inch off of the face before the polyurethane strap is free to bend.", "I purchased this as gifts for my teenage nephews. The item arrived promptly & in great shiny new condition. Teenagers are designed to break stuff so I can't really give an honest review on it's features and functions. The color options where nice. They matched their team's colors.", "This watch is pretty and functional. The watch was easy to set up. I had no problems setting the time and date.", "This is my second of this model because I love the styling so much. I first bought the black (smoke color) version 2 years ago directly from Nike, and felt this one which is called glacier-blue color would be a nice complement for a change.  They are identical in style and function; however the 2 fit quite differently. The older one fits snugly on my small-medium size women's wrist, whereas this new one is loose, and the face is even slightly (1mm) wider, so these must have been made in different factories under different manufacturing tolerances.  They are both comfortable, and I get compliments all the time.  Just need to be more careful with the newer (looser-fitting) one to not get the end caught and flip off your wrist.  I consider it a \"dressy\" sports watch.", "It's a great look compared to some of those clunky looking, black sports watches. The color is clear, even though it looks a tad blue in some lighting like in the photos online. The buttons are very user friendly and include an alarm and stopwatch. It will sometimes fall off when I put my coat or a shirt on/off. Other than that, I have no complaints.", "I bought this for my wife and she loves it!She is a PE Teacher and can't believe she didn't buy one of these sooner.", "It has a nice design.  It grips in place.  Adjustable.  The color changes based on the hue of your skin.", "I LOVE THIS WATCH.  I had one about 2 years ago and lost it so I was lucky enough to find another one on Amazon.  I like it for a variety of reasons.  It has the basic watch essentials; alarm, stopwatch, date, and it's water resistant.  It is also very unique!  I haven't met anyone else who has one like it.  I have the clear watch and wear with everything... in fact the only time I have taken it off was for my wedding.  If you're sceptical about the band, don't be.  It is flexible and secure without being a nuisance.  My wrist is six inches in diameter and it fits perfectly.  This is the perfect functional/fashionable watch!", "I really liked this watch but it was HUGE on my wrist. I do not think i have unusually small wrists but it was literally hanging off and would easily fall off. I had to return it.", "This is the second time we've given this watch a try.  Both times it has lasted less than a year.  Would not recommend this watch.", "I love this watch! It stays on just fine throughout the day and I feel lost without it!", "Had been looking all over for this watch. Found it here for a 3rd of the price and now My child is very happy to have this watch for running.", "I ordered this watch only knowing that I wanted a 'sporty' style watch.  It feels comfortable to wear and looks great!", "I just got this today.  I pushed the buttons twice in order to set the time, the battery died.  I went to open the battery cover to see what kind it uses and the little ring seal came off, the spring that's attached to the battery cover came off.  Right off the bat, it's already falling apart, don't get me wrong, super cute watch, it says it has a backlight yet there's no button for it, I'll have to check that out too when I get the battery replaced.  If I ever do buy another one of these, it certainly will not be from here.", "great watch for a small wrist. Simple and different. Great for workouts and for daily use.  Loved the red color.", "I am really enjoying wearing this watch.  It's comfortable and cool looking.  I get compliments on it, too!", "I love a cuff watch and this one is comfortable on my small wrist and quite easy to read, as well.", "My teen daughter loves this watch.  I gave it only four stars, however, since she insists on linking a thread between the watch \"arms\" to ensure it won't fall off.  Our problem may be due to the fact that my daughter has a very slim wrist.  The watch has not yet come off-she just worries that it will.Love the color and face shape-the watch does look good on her wrist.", "i bought this watch back in august 2010 (via my sister-in-law's Amazon account) right after i gave birth to keep track of nursing, etc.  i LOVED this watch... it had all the important functions that i need:- back light- timer- stopwatch- alarm- 2 time zones- great snap-on design so i can easily take off watch even while nursing to check the time and there's no bulky buckle to rub against my baby's head while i carry him.HOWEVER, i had to replace the battery 6 months after purchasing it despite the manual saying that the battery should've lasted 2 years AND my 20-lb. baby just sat on it yesterday and snapped the band!  now, i want to replace the watch with the same one and the price has jumped to $89!  when i bought it, it was $29!  it's a great watch for $29 but i'm not going to spend $89 on a watch that will probably break again.  (the vendor name was \"Watch Colony\")too bad.  now i'm looking for a replacement...  (this is my 2nd nike watch that had band issues.  years ago i had a triax watch.  loved the design and functionality but THAT band also broke - that time along the dots of the band.)", "I've had this watch for about a year and I got it because it wasn't as fugly as other watches and it displayed the time, day of the week, and date (which is great for college students who don't want to think/look @ their phones, or what not).I've been pretty happy with it until the band broke. One part broke off when i was in a hurry to get changed and it got caught and snapped. The other part of that same side of the cuff broke when i was studying and accidentally put too much pressure on it into the desk and it broke ;(. This doesn't happen with 'normal' banded watches.Currently its duct taped, but I'll need to order another one soon.*** edit/ addition *****... sadly just days after posting this, the battery died too. It only lasted a year, so now i really need to order another one... ******", "Fun AND functional!  Nike has had a string of great designs in their sport watches. I always get compliments on them. This is a cuff bracelet design which I like very much with jeans or skirt. Comes in a couple of colors. Hope Nike will continue marketing interestingly designed watches that actually work beautifully as well.", "I loved this watch when I bought it. After 4 months, the \"flexible\" band snapped as I was putting it on. I contacted the seller who told me they were not responsible for it and to try contacting Nike. I did not try to contact nike yet. Otherwise, watch itself worked great.", "I absolutely love this watch and ended up buying 3 of them. Not because I wanted to, but because they kept dying on me. The first one lasted about a year, then quit working. The second one didn't last as long and now I am on my third. This will be my last. Too much money for something that does not have a longer life span.", "Received this watch as a gift and loved it--comfortable, easy to read, worked great for timing my walking and swimming.  After about 16 months it died--not the battery.  I miss it; have not found a good replacement.", "I bought this watch to time my distance runs and am very happy with it.  I have a smaller wrist and I feel the size of the watch is perfect - it's slightly loose (it moves up and down my wrist a bit) but not so loose that I'm worried it might fall off.  The timer function is great for what I need it for.  It records minutes, seconds, and hundredths of seconds for the first hour, then hours, minutes, and seconds after that.  I'd highly recommend this watch for runners!", "This watch is perfect for working out and running.  The Cuff style band makes it light and flexible on your wrist. It does not move all around your wrist as you move like a traditional sport watch with a buckle hole band which I totally love.  I always get compliments on the sleek design.  I hope this style never gets discontinued because it is literally my favorite sport watch I've ever owned and I've owned a few!!", "I bought this watch for work because it is digital and no metal on it.  I really loved wearing it and it is so cute.  However after only having it a few months it died.  I thought it was the battery and searched all over for the battery it took but that did not work either.  Very disappointed that a Nike watch would die, especially one so expensive.  I would love to buy another but hate to spend the money just to have it die in less that a year.  Maybe I got a lemon I am not sure.", "i learnt a valuable lesson - never buy watches online.. you will never know the fit until it reaches you and if it doesnt fit, its a pain to return it, or keep it. either ways, you lose.pros - stylish RED.. i received compliments for it! and it does what it says it does, laps, timer , everything.cons - at the slightest pull, it will FALL OFF your wrist. NO SNUG FIT. literally have to keep an eye on the watch if you are running or doing some hand exercise ! and i have a baby who loves pulling all of mommy's things, and at the slightest tug, the watch is in his hand! i should never have bought this.. plus, the BATTERY DIED after a couple of months!!and Oh, you dont get the servicing so easily.. they have very few service centers all over the world.. which i came to know only after  opening the box and reading the instructions. now that my battery has died, i dont know what to do.overall, a bad decision for me.", "I am not pleased with this watch.  I'm not sure if it doesn't meet my expectations because I am left-handed, thus wearing the watch on my right hand, or because I just don't like it.  It seems more difficult to read while running rather than easier.  I had my husband try it on (he is right-handed), and he seemed to like it a bit better than I did.  So, I guess my advice is not to get this watch if you are left-handed or wear your watch on you right hand!", "I've had this watch for awhile now and I love it!  I like that it's stylish enough to wear in most situations and with most outfits but, more importantly, I love the sensible, practical features.  For starters, it's even smaller than it looks on the website and it's so light I sometimes forget I'm wearing it.  But despite being light it's not at all flimsy, which is important in a running watch.  Next, the band that keeps the strap in place locks on to the strap which is very convenient.  But my very favorite feature is the waterproofing.  I accidentally wore the watch in the shower which can fry even the best waterproof watch, and it came out fine.  Also, most watches are no longer waterproof after you change the battery because you have to remove the little screws that hold back in place and that can ruin the seal. But to change the battery on this watch you only have to remove cover, which is the kind you turn with a coin and locks into place after you're done.  All in all, everything about this watch is convenient and well planned out.  I strongly recommend buying this watch!", "This is a beautiful, sporty watch that's easy to use and looks good with a lot of my outfits. I wear it every day, and love that I've been able to figure out most of the settings with very minimal manual-reading on my part. Setting things up (or changing the time) is pretty intuitive, I think.", "This is an excellent watch.  I am a nurse and busy Mom and wear this watch 24/7 for the last year and a half.  Since it is on my wrist all the time it has cosmetic damage like dings and scratches and needs to be replaced.  The watch fits great, is comfortable, and serves my needs.  I also receive many compliments on this watch and it's interesting look.  And I'm excited I found it here.  Lovelovelove it!", "i like the unique design and the features offered. it's both sporty and feminine. i use the chronograph and lap timer for my pool workouts. the alarm and time zones options are handy too. it's easy to program/set, although the buttons took a little gettting used to initially. the only slightly negative thing i have to share is that the watch face can be difficult to read at times b/c of the black background.  for this reason i give the watch four stars.", "I have another Nike watch similar to this one but different model.  I thought I'd buy this one with the color and style that would go with my regular clothes.  The white on black really makes it hard to see.  The button to turn on the light makes it hard to push.  The alarm bell (same bell used to signal the intervals) was not loud enough.  Can barely hear it and will not wake up the lightest sleeper.  I'm disappointed because my previous Nike watch (one with the rounder shape and has more prominent buttons) was a great watch.  I just use this watch to wear as a regular watch and not a sports watch.", "I really love watches. I'd probably have a watch for every day of the month, but I like 'good' watches and that habit could get expensive.I've been looking at this watch for over a year and was really pleased to see it go on sale ... I plan to keep it but I'm not all that pleased.The angle is nearly 90 degrees and 45 degrees would be better. It fits weird on my wrist and since the band is 'melded' with the watch there would be no replacing the band.I find it cumbersome to wear (exept having the face on the 'inside' of your wrist) and the buttons are a pain.The picture looks very sleek but for everyday use it looks pretty silly.", "The watch is really cute but because of the odd orientation it cuts into your wrist a little and is actually hard to read.", "I love my Nike Triax Mia Running watch. It's stylish and sporty, so you knock off two birds with one stone!", "The watch is awesome. I was very impressed. It is the perfect size for a woman! I love all of the features and it is easy to use.", "Bought these for my hubby to use when running.  He's told me that they're super comfortable, great cushioning and for the amount of running that he does, they've lasted pretty long without getting holes (so far).  He's tried Thorlo socks and they haven't last as long and had to throw them away after a few months because the fabric started to get thin and then tear.  I would recommend these to anyone!", "I had to return this product because it had the same style number as an old pair I had, but they had changed the product. The company is easy to work with though.", "I got this for my husband, and he really liked it.  He said the pants is very comfortable.  He is very picky, but this satisfied him.", "This first generation sportsband did NOT hold up well. Worked great for first 400 miles then crystal face became flawed. After particularly sweaty run, entire face went to black.  Newer 2nd generation available for only 60 bucks. Crazy to buy this one.", "Hope this seller realizes that the new version of the Sportband comes out tomorrow (7/15) and it will retail for $59...not the ridiculous $179 they are asking for...really a $120 mark up for the 1st version that had noted flaws?  Nice ethics...The new version will have a wielded case to prevent LCD/water damage...", "I own this version and when I called Nike about the display defect they indicated that all of them were defective and that's why they were recalled. On mine, after only a few months I could only see the first digit of the display, so I didn't know if I'd run 19.00 miles or 19.99 miles - a very frustrating difference! The new version is available 7-15-09.", "I just bought the new version of the Nike+ Sportsband at Nike Town, and I have to say I LOVE it. I've heard negative things about the first generation but so far the new second generation is great! I don't have Nike+ running shoes so I bought a Nathan pocket from REI and the accuracy is right on straight from the box. Syncs flawlessly to my Mac and keeps track of all my data via the [...] site.", "For $59, there is no better piece of equipment for running than the Nike+ SportBand! That being said, the above listed item is for the old version, which was recalled by Nike. I bought mine a year ago, along with a completely separate heart rate monitor (for double the cost!) and after a year, it's the Nike+ SportBand that I love the most.  I also miss ith te most because I suffered the same display issues with the old black-and-red version. I was able to return the recalled model for a full refund, and as of today, I have the new white/pink (there is also a black/yellow available) SportBand! I look forward to seeing how the new model holds up.Bottom line - don't pay more than $59 for the Nike+ SportBand, and don't buy the recalled model (black and red)!", "The Nike Sportband is amazing.  I was using a public website or my car to try to figure out how many miles I was running.  This does your distance, pace, calories and time of the run.  It keeps weekly totals for the current week and a total of all miles ran.  It's also a watch.  This is a great product for its price and itstead of buying a $300 Garmin watch, you can do the Nike Sportband.  Apparently Nike has shoes where the sensor will fit under the insole.  However, my Nikes are old so I just bought a little pouch that goes on your laces.  I don't even feel it.  Plus Nike support is amazing.  My sensor was not working when I bought it and Nike shipped me a new one, free of charge, in like two days.", "My two sons bought these watches are seeing a friend's and being impressed. However, one watch started with condensation inside during the first week, as we were on a  trail run through the wet bush. It never recovered and now has a large brownish rainbow edged splurge on the display! The second watch went the same way after being worn overnight. And guess what, the friend's watch is also kaputt.If Nike makes gear for posers, they should state that.We've all agreed never to buy anything from Nike again. One star for one week's wear?", "nicely fitting,love the material,they don't ride up on you when going over various drills. ARE YOU READY FOR SOME FOOTBALL", "Perfect for outdoor running.  Very comfortable.  Fabric breathes even once moist.  Excellent purchase for price.  Would highly recommend to others.", "I really love this tank- it is great when running to not bunch under your arm pits. it lets you be cool while pretty and still girlie.", "I returned them because I didn't like the way they looked on me. The company however was great with packaging, delivering and returning.", "I just love this jacket! Thi is all and more I wanted... The color is nice and the model is perfect for women.", "These sunglasses are the best that I have ever owned. I would recommend them to anyone that is required or need to wear sunglasses due to vision problems. They look pretty cool too.", "I was very disappointed when I opened the package: the sunglasses are ok, but there is no case with it, only a pouch, maybe they call it a case...The box (paper) looks very old, seems like second-handed. What's more, the user's manual inside is old, too. I must return it because it looks so old and cannot be a gift to my friend. I saw other people gave this seller good comments, and I don't want to give a bad one, but it is so different from the description: new, made in Italy, with case...The frame is made in China and the lenses are made in Italy. They should specify this in the description, and nobody will care, but if they say this is made in Italy, I would assume the whole thing is made in Italy. Overall, disappointed. But if the box were not that broken, I would keep it.", "These pants fit well and are well made, but I ordered them thinking they would help insulate in colder weather and the fabric is not designed for that.", "mm mm mm mm mmmmmm  m  mmm mm mm mmmmm  m  m  m  mmmm  mmm  mmm mm mn nn nn n n", "I love this shirt so much. It came quickly. I wasn't expecting it so soon. I will be buying a lot more from Just Do It 4 Less!", "I thought this pants were more resistant; on the contrary, I received a pair of pants that look like compression stockings, completely transparent which is not comfortable at all while exercising", "I have owned this Nike Blade watch model WC0037 for 7 months. It is a very neat watch. Unfortunately it broke and I don't know how. One evening I remove it from my wrist and notice the black bubber wrist band had separated from the body at the rear battery cover. The entire rubber/plastic hinge had cracked. This wrist band is not replaceable. I wore this watch daily to my office job. A sports watch should be made rugged. This one is not. Lesson learned is to buy a watch which has a standard replacable wrist band.", "supposedly pretty water proof. DO NOT put underwater. Mine broke right away and would have to deal with Nike to replace, costing me $10.", "I purchased this watch (new) twice- the exact same color and style; once directly from a sporting goods store and the second time from Amazon.  The first one lasted about 7-8 months and the second, only about 6 months before the band broke; it breaks/completely cracks along the side of the watch face.  Yes, the watch's style and look is wonderful, but there is a major flaw in the band design. It disappointing and frustrating.  I am a runner and longtime exerciser and it just does not hold up.  Nice looking, but I would discourage anyone from buying it! Don't buy it.", "Great comfort and style.  If you are active and playing sports this watch is nice.  The only downside is the buttons on the watch and the timer and alarm take a little longer to adjust and set.  Not nearly as fast as my old timex, just wasn't as quick and responsive.  But besides that still very good.", "Great looking watch with great functionality, but the integrated band stinks.  Unfortunately, after the first band failed, I got another one hoping that it would fare better, but no such luck.  the rubber along the side of the face loosens, and then the internal plastic skeleton fails and separates.Unfortunately, I've burned through two of these in 18 months and will not be buying another Nike watch again.  Don't make the same mistake that I did!!!", "I bought this thinking I could use it to carry my gym membership card and a car key without having to stuff things in my pockets. But when this arrived it is so small that only a key and some tightly folded money would fit in it.  It looks very well constructed and the reflective  feature is great for runners. I just wish this was big enough to carry an ID, etc. Seems like that would be a common item people would want to take, but maybe it's just me.", "The sunglasses are great as a product if you buy them straight from Nike, I bought my wife one a year ago and she loved it (from Nike) and my sister wanted one for her birthday so i thought i will try Amazon(baaaaaaad idea)The sunglasses arrived in a dusty original box with a slit from side to side as if someone was opening it with a blade and the glasses where scratched from both sides as if the sunglasses have been used and abused. a lot of wear and tear on them what a disgrace of a Boutique and website.Shame on you!!", "Love, Love, Love these.  This is my second pair, the first being in black.  The have a great stylish shape, coverage and stay secure. Good price for this product.", "Have used them several times now and I am very happy with them.  The rubber nose piece is nice for those sweaty moments to help with slippage.  I would purchase again if I lost or broke these.", "I have never been one to wear sunglasses but after trying a pair of the nike's on in a local store I found them to be really comfortable.  I now have a pair in white and a pair in brown and wear them everyday, they are really comfortable and have great color for sunny days or even gray days.", "I need a bigger nose, as the nose piece barely touches the bridge of my nose....but they looks great on me ;)", "These are quite comfortable, and look great. They have thick arm bands but not too thick. I'm a huge fan of tortoise shell, so maybe I'm partial to begin with though..The case and cloth are a nice addition as well.Highly recommend these.", "The way they filter the sunlight is simply amazing.. i just cant find another pair of glassed that do the same, you can go from direct sunlight to a shadow and not even feeling it, they work great indoors, not like most sunglasses that make imposible to see in the shadow!..", "I bought this backpack back in March and have used it for everything ever since. I used it for going swimming, going on field trips for school, going up to camp, and I used it for track. It's an amazing little backpack. You can fit pretty much anything in to it. The only problem I had was that the strings would get all messed up so it wouldnt be even and then id put it on and it would be all lopsided but I fixed it so its all good. So I would recommend this. Its very easy to use and its pink too!!", "I LOVE these sunglasses!!! This is my second pair, as my first pair broke after having had them for a few years and putting them to use. The polarized lenses are great for driving or doing anything on the water.", "I love polarized lenses in my sunglasses...the only way to go!  I've been shopping around and couldn't find any good deals on sunglasses here locally, SW Florida, or in North Carolina.  These glasses were $119 off and are first class!  They fit great and look really nice.  My wife can't keep her hands off me now!  Woo Hoo!  They shipped promptly and arrived before the promised time.  A great seller and a great pair of glasses happy early summer to me.", "This product came in mint condition. The only complaint I have is that it did not come with real directions for how to work it. There were poorly written diagrams that made no sense in the package. But I figured it out and the watch works great.", "Too Cool!!!  I love it!!!", "i bought this for a mother's day gift and when it arrived i really liked it.  but, i felt the item was overpriced!!  it is attractive and totally suitable for the gym, but i found others at a better price.", "I was charmed with the set, I remained delighted with the fabric, the colors. My baby enjoyed it until it went on to another height", "These sunglasses look good, are durable, and the view through them is excellent and clear, especially for driving. What's not to like?", "I needed a new pair of glasses since my other favorites broke.  i really like the color i got, the champagne gold frame. it actually matches my hair!! i wear these all over the place.  i am not athletic at all, but i really liked the shape and the quality, plus they were a great price.  my husband has a pair of nike sunglasses (paid full price) and i really liked the way they were made.  so i gave them a try and glad i did.  i wear these for a more casual look, i do have dressier sunglasses for other times. these, i definately wear the most.  another great buy from amazon. thanks", "Excelent for after swim, would be better with velcro instead of the zipper,Get a bigger size since it is not easy to put on being wet after swimming", "My daughter is on her school swim team and a most of her swim meets start late after noon and into the night and it's outdoors...the other teams were wearing these parkas so I ordered one for her and and she really likes it...it keeps her warm in-between the heats...if you need something to keep warm in between heats this is the one for you", "The quality of the parka and it is warm!  I'm a new swimmer and didn't have the proper  clothing for early morning swimming!  Now I do!", "Best answer to getting out of the pool in the early morning; instant warmth is achieved within seconds.  Wind, rain, fog no problem early morning lappers are jealous.", "Great construction, warm, comfortable.  I find the cuffs a little hard to get my hands thru without holding the inner fleece sleeve at the shoulder, but once its on, its real warm, and comfortable.  I use this for changing out of wet clothing after kayaking in the winter.  No more struggling with a towel, or driving home in wet clothes.  Now I can get dry and warm as soon as I get of the water, and am so much more comfortable afterwards.  A great product, I would recommend to a friend if asked.", "I previously bought this model from another seller in black colour. It arrived in a hard plastic case, instructions and warranty. I wanted a colour change and ordered them in brown. The lens are too clear so they don't do their job of really protecting from sunglare. On the other hand, they came in a cheap cloth case without model details, nor warranty.", "This item was purchased and received quickly and with no problems. I strongly recomend anyone looking to get a comfortable pair of sunglasses to order through Amazon.com, because they know their stuff to get the job done right.", "Perfect", "Nice glasses. Too small for my wide sporting needs. Need better coverage for winter and windy sports.", "I am hard on sun glasses so I am a big fan of the flexon. These glasses are not made from it. The side stems are made of cheap metal just like all the others. The main frame that holds the lenses are flexon and virtually indestructable, but the side stems are NOT and lasted me about a week. Boo. I know I could probably return them but then they could have been more honest about the materials. Karma will have its way.", "These are awesome shoes for the price. I normally don't like Nike golf products but these have been very nice shoes for the price.", "I ordered these shoes for my 22month old daughter. Her feet are really thick right at the top and the shoes that buckle are too tight. I really love these shoes and so does she...they are really comfortable and she doesn't complain if she wears them for an extended time. Highly recommend!", "ALL AIR FORCE 1 SHOES HAVE THE WORD AIR ON THE SIDE!!!!! NOT NIKE, PLEASE BE CAREFUL WHEN PURCHASING FROM PLACES OTHER THAN NIKE.", "I ordered these for my seven month old and love them! Air Force One's are such a classic shoe that never go out of style and match just about everything! He received tons of compliments the first day he wore them. I like that they come with the cardboard toe inserts to help with the crinkle toe effect. I will be ordering more in the future. I just wish Nike made wide width shoes for babies!!", "These sneakers fit comfortably, my son likes it and it great for his physical education class.  I got them specifically for school so he has only worn them once.  I can tell that he is very comfortable wearing them.", "I've had this watch a little over a year, and yesterday the wrist band actually broke as I was taking the watch off. The watch itself is still functional. The plastic is extremely thick and seems really durable, so I was pretty shocked when I broke the wrist band. Also, if your wrist is on the bigger side (like mine), the wrist band is on the tight side and is not adjustable. If I'm wearing it all day, I tend to take it off a lot to return the circulation to my wrist. The watch itself is super cute, and I got lots of compliments/comments on it.", "Got this green one for my friend's birthday. She loves the cuff which is easy to put on and take off. She also likes the rubber grips at the ends which help keep the watch in one place. The most important feature is the lime green color and the contrast of the face. Glad she loves it!", "This bag is not only looking good it is spacious and good as a overnight travel bag. It is comfortable to wear even if its is fully loaded. Just love it.", "This is a great product.  I paid less than I would've at any of the local sporting goods store in my area. The only negative is that the seller is in the UK.  But it was well worth the wait.  The seller answered all my question and was very attentative to my request and questions.  If you don't mind two weeks to get the product it's well worth buying this product.  I would most definitely do business with them again.", "This has quickly become my favorite training / workout shirt for the gym, a long bike ride, and even mowing the lawn during the hottest part of summer.  It's well-proportioned and extremely comfortable.  The flat seams mean no rubbing or chafing, and the lightweight material keeps you cool without weighing you down.  This shirt does an excellent job at wicking away sweat, and the mesh vents under the arms and between the shoulders improve breathability.  Unlike some shirts I've tried, these never feel damp or clingy or clammy no matter how hard you're working out.  I've got a drawer full of them now and see no need to buy any other brand of training or workout shirt.", "got a medium size so it can fit fitted. perfect for teaching classes at the gymim 6,1,  42 inch chest and around 33 stomach?.fit me nice and snug around the chest and the vents on the back and armpit area are great.it feels like your not wearing much even when its really hot because of the vent holes are pretty bigthe front part of the shirt is pretty stretchable. so is the sleeve area. the back part is a little less stretchable but itlooks like its made with bigger holes to vent out the hot air and sweet", "I just  want to say that I  developed  a habit to  pick  some of  NIKE stuff  out  in  guy's  section cause  for  some unknown reason company make  their  outfits so much more comfortable and useful then  ladies. Not  that  I do not  like woman's outfits it's just when you are  looking for  something  not  SO  reveling ( for outdoors ) and not the less - the sexier you are  at  lost. So one day I  did run in to this cool t-shirt. Dont  know  really  why  not  to  make  the  same  for  us  girls. It is  just  as tight and hi-tech looking , plus has  great vent due to that patch  on the  back. I think it is  part  of \"COMBAT\" line or  something like that. Any how , it was so great that I  went  and  order  another two. Take it from  the fitness profy - you will feel very  comfortable  in it. And if  you are just  like  me  5.8 130lb  order S size that would fit perfectly.Cheers)))", "I love this shirt. It is sized just right for running. I really appreciate that it is UV resistant. I am a runner, and love that it keeps me warm in the winter and cool in the summer. The color is lovely, and the texture is very comfortable.", "Good quality, comfortable material, is looser than ones that had bought previously, advisable to protect themselves from the Sun of the Caribbean", "Great fabric and with UV protection. I would really recommend it. Fit as expected. Come in really nice Bright colors.", "My sister loves this top.  It fits well and is durable.  She loves to run and found this top to be great for training for her marathons.", "I bought my wife this Nike long sleeve top because I had a few of these type shirts and she wanted one for herself. She loves it and likes the comfort of this style. It looks really good on her and I gave it a very high rating.", "Again great fit! Glad it's not made in China and delivery was soooo quick! The only reason it gets four stars is because I was hoping the orange was going to be more of a neon, otherwise it was a little darker than I expected.", "only one little and stupid thing need to be mentioned is that the size is a little bit small and narrow than what it was marked~~~some of my friends told me that it is the \"tradition\" of Nike~~~anyway enjoy itBTW, i got it from some small seller with a discount price since they only have the size which is exactly the ones I need~~~", "please don't buy these glasses if you live in northern california... lol... these glasses are pretty cool. they are not polarized, and the lenses are grey on the inside and reflective orange on the outside.... the frame is grey in some lights and darker in other lights...  the fit is great... the pair i bought, were actually made in italy.... i've heard stories of people buying knockoffs.. but i lucked out i guess.....", "These shoes are the great!!! The multiple pairs or Shox I have purchased for the most part are very comfy and great looking and well worth the money!!!", "I am very happy with this purchase.It was delivered on time. The product is great, at sight and when you wear it.It is exactly as shown in the picture and very very confortables!", "I bought this for my granddaughter.  We received it for the first VT game in 2010.  She looks great in it.", "My son couldn't wait to wear them. Perfect in sizing, comfort & price.  He is the BIG MAN ON CAMPUS NOW(elementary school)!  LOL", "A very user friendly watch that is ergonomic and visually pleasing. Extremely light weight watch that allows me to stay within the time margins for completing execise sets. I also like the fact the audible beep is loud enough to be heard (on the hour) but not annoying. Thanx.", "I actually WANTED a nice-looking watch that didn't have a heart monitor. I'm a runner, but I'm not obsessed with my heart rate. I wanted a watch that I wouldn't mind looking at and had some nice features. This one is it.I especially like the auto turn-off option where the watch dims until you press a button. I haven't ran in a while (injury, surprise surprise) and I can trust that this won't die on me while I break from running. I'm ready to go back out now and it's great.I have a small wrist, and it fits fine. It's not something I'd wear for everyday use (the screen timeout thing is optional) but I love it for exercising.", "I was so excited to get this watch. I actually got it on sale for $30 and I'm still disappointed. All the functions on the watch are fine but it's large for a woman's wrist and the face of the watch is angled as such, that when I lift weights on a circuit the flex of my wrist presses the button to stop the stopwatch. The worst thing about the watch is that the plastic is porous and it was only a few days before the yellow turned into a  blackish gray. Now it just looks dirty. :( I am so bummed and I think I'll stick to my trusty Timex Ironman Triathlon for women.", "Thought watch would have a counter (for laps in a pool for example).Also 2 alarms is not enough (but I knew that).Otherwise watch arrived on time and will be used often.", "I am a man and ordered this watch online.  I previously had the same watch and liked it so much that I ordered another one after I lost the first one.  When this 'unisex' watch arrived, it was clearly smaller and thinner than the version I had before.  It is definitely made for a woman's wrist.  I did keep it since it was just for running.  The band barely fit using the last hole.  The battery on the new watched has now died and I think I will replace the watch with something bigger.The memory functions and pace settings were the features I like best.  You can set different pace times for each 'lap' and it will store 20 or so runs.  That way you can track your runs over time.", "Very nice sport watch. Attractive, substantial, and functional. The wife loves this little jewel. Only con is hourly beeper is not very loud.", "I purchased this watch for my daughter's 17th birthday. She's very active in track and field. What a hit - she loves the watch and wears it all the time.  Very sleek design, accurate time and light weight. I purchased the gold color watch.  She's not easy to please, but is very satisfied. I've bought her watches in the past and they just sit in her jewelry box. Not this one! Great for a busy student on the go. Can't beat the price and shipping was very quick.", "Item came as described...no complaints. Initially the laps and data are a little confusing but it doesn't take long to figure out.", "Great oversize sporty sport watch. The typeface for the time is bold and super easy to read. Push Indiglo button and Wow!, super easy to read in the dark. I like the band and buckle and the little loop gadget that keeps the end of the watch band from being loose. Fun watch. Nike should design this with many more color options.", "This is a good watch and it fits well with lots of holes for adjustment. My wrists are quite small and often watches do not go tight enough. The yellow is brighter, more gold than in the photo but other than that, I've been happy with it thus far.", "Perfect watch for multiple uses, has interval and cron settings which are fairly easy to us. I wish nike still made watches like it. Although it can become difficult to change the battery when needed. Its a overall good buy!", "It doesn't have the heart monitor function and this is the only negative thing about it! It's a really beautiful piece! It's functional, has dual time, dual alarm, chrono, etc, etc, etc... I bought it for my wife and she loved it!", "I bought this watch as it was cheap and brand named and was looking for a watch that you can set two time zones, it ticks all my boxes!", "I got the item very promptly, it was in perfect condition with tags and box, and it retails for about $80 and I paid $35 for it! Fantastic! I wear it every day and I get compliments often, great for working out/ athletics", "little bigger size, but I like it. Good quarity.Easy to use. i recomend it. it stand out my watch!!", "I saw a few reviews out there about this product missing the instructions.  I ordered it and had the hardest time finding the instructions and spent some time trying to find them online.  Just as I was packing up to return the item, I noticed the instructions are actually folded and placed in the base of the clear watch holder/stand.  It almost looks like packing material.  I am giving the watch 3 stars to be fair.  I am returning the watch after all for other reasons so I can't really speak of it's efficiency, but I had a hard time trying to get the intervals set up which was the main reason I bought it.  Also, instead of a slim loop to slim the excess watch band into after buckling, there is a small raised knob instead.  I found it a little awkward trying to secure the excess of the band, but I suppose this might be something easily adaptable to after frequent use.  The numbers on the display were large, but not very dark.  I am not sure if there is a purpose to this or if it's just supposed look cooler or something.", "This is my first non Timex running watch.  With my old watches, if it was in night mode the light would come on whenever you hit any button so that you could see what you were doing.  With this watch, that is not true.  There is one button for the light and reset.  This makes it impossible to wake up and reset the alarm in the middle of the night without turning another light on and waking up your husband.I love the run mode which allows you to set pace times for laps.  I also love that you can change the views, which means that you can see the total time or the lap time or the target time - or a combination. There is also an interval mode.  In this mode, you set a rest time.  Run the first \"workout.\" Then, hit stop.  The rest time automatically sets and tells you when to start \"workout\" 2.Great watch, but it could be better if it had a night mode...", "I'm a new runner and really just wanted a water/sweat resistant watch to help with my timed runs.  This watch is not too heavy on my wrist, is easy to read (and I'm blind w/o my glasses), is good quality, and a great price.", "seems to be a pretty sweet watch so far. Not too big for a small ladies wrist and easy to navigate through the different functions.", "This item was sent promptly, and in appropriate packaging.  The quality of the material is comfortable, great price, and it looks great.  I will buy from this company again", "Not only are the shoes great, they were a awesome price.  I ordered them on a Monday night and received them on a Friday of the same week.", "Awesome shorts. Great fit and very comfortable. It is very breathable which I like. A bit on the expensive side tho", "Very comfortable, stylish, and long for my 6'3 height.  If you are looking for good golf-type shorts or just casual good looking black shorts, these are them.", "When you take the time to calibrate correctly, the Nike+ sport band 2 works great. Holds a charge well and sweat does not seem to be a problem.", "Perfect fit and great price from rock Bottom golf. Surprisingly their prices are way lower than the current market price.The glasses have a perfect fit, great coverage and are super light.Hopefully they last long. My first running pair!", "Excellent sun/sport glasses. Nice value for money. Includent another couple of nice lences.", "These are fantastic.  My daughter saw them online and I think they may have been from the fall of last year becasuse they were really hard to find but we were lucky to get them.  she loves them and I'm sure she will be putting them to good use at school this year.", "I do not understand why they stopped making these watches.  Bought this one and another model.  This watch is beautiful but I'm jealous.  It works better for a woman's smaller wrist.", "I'm an athletic person. I play a lot of soccer, volleyball, and tennis and I need a watch that doesn't have a watch band. In other words, the band can't be screwed in to the watch because few hits with a ball or few scrapes, or a dip in the pool, or a shower will damage the watch. I had G-Shock watches and a few different Nike models. I destroyed them all in about 6 month to a year. This one is on it's 2nd and still going strong. Since I had few Nike's before programming is all the same, and easy once you get the concept. Time, week day, and day number are clearly seen. When I travel T1 is my local time and T2 is the place I travel to. So would say it's the best watch I had so far. Too bad, Nike seem to stopped making them.", "This is an awesome watch.  Easy to read, and very user friendly. The instruction booklet that came with it was a bit confusing so I just started fiddling with the watch and figured it out very easily. Great size not to big or to small. My only issue was that the band is not flexible near the top of the watch but if you a person with smaller wrists this will be zero issue.", "Good style, easy to use. The wrist band is a little small but other than that I would highly recommend.", "as the heading says.... SUPER COMFORTas the heading says.... SUPER COMFORT definitely the most comfortable I have worn.  Replaced all of my Name brand Boxer briefs", "im very good for nike pro hyperstrng compression short is a great product but it was not what I wanted but still recommend 100%", "Comfortable, well constructed shorts, pricey because of the brand, but worth the price IF it provides longevity, purchased two other colors, needs to be MORE descriptive in synopsis, especially regarding color, ie ; dark navy, NOT their own color scheme.", "Good quality. Nothing special, but they dry fast and are comfortable. Would purchase more. Long enough for a tall man or woman.", "good quality and comfortable. this is the second time i buy these shorts. i recommend it for all to try it.", "Tsia, I never got an email explaining why or possibilities why it hasn't/never got to me.  Status of the item said it was out of the seller's hand, but this is my first purchase on amazon in 3 years.  If all of this is on Amazon's end, sorry about the review.  But I can't be blamed for feeling this way since I ordered this a month ago and got no explanation of what's going on.  If I actually get my item and there's a way to change the review, I'd be glad to.", "perfect and looks as shown and washes well and great price. They are a great pair and very comfortable. Great choice", "excellent recommend them, good quality article, I recommend it. I look forward to making future purchases. excellent recommend them. good.", "Great material, excellent fit. a bit on the pricier side. had to wait to buy it when the price dropped.", "these shorts suck in my opinion only because when i got them the were much smaller that what the size i got i wanted a large and when it came in and i tryed them on it felt like i was wearing a small/medium but i think they would have been good for working out but i guess i will never know cause i will not wear them ever!!!!", "Would recommend to anyone looking for loose fitting, quick drying, longer shorts. I wear them fishing, running, biking, jogging, etc...I went out and bought another pair a week later. I have some under armour shorts in the same size and style and these are a little bit thicker but also a little more reinforced in the waist line, as well as loose. The UA shorts fit just fine, you can just tell the elastic is stretched a bit thinner. I got fish blood on these a couple weeks ago and was afraid they were ruined, everything washed out and they turned out fine. Probably my favorite shorts.", "I Brought this for my boyfriend who  works-out hard and sweats profusely. This fit well and keeps him comfortable. I will will definitely be purchasing more of these.", "My son plays soccer and hates the shorter styles used for soccer.  He likes shorts like these that come to the knee or right above the knee.  These are perfect since they don't don't look specifically like basketball shorts but could pretty much be used for any sport.  The material is not too light not too heavy, the inseam at 10&#34; is perfect, includes pockets, elastic waist, and they come in sold colors which is popular for his teenage group.  My son is 5'10&#34; 34/36&#34; waist medium athletic built and the size large comes to his knee and are loose enough for lots of movement.  He's tried several different Nike styles and these are the best.  We purchased these in the black and gray/carbon heather.", "This was hard to find online and I originally gave up the search for it, but once Nike added/re-added it, Amazon e-mailed me and I jumped on it. Nike Dri-Fit's shorts are great - I just wanted one plain like this, in these colors. I'm very happy with it.Pockets work well, just wish they had at least one back-pocket.", "I expected these shorts to be for running use but found they are more knee length and akin to basketball or other sports.The waist elastic is a little tight for me (34&#34;) which is unusual. Otherwise they are comfortable enough to use for general use; just not running.", "These are the best shorts I've ever had except for some golf shorts I've had for several years so buy them!", "Very nice and attractive outfit and Nike quality which is excellent. It's quite comfortable and can be used in multiple workouts.", "These were great shorts, but the price was too high.  I needed them to match team uniforms and they are great, but they were over priced.", "Bought these for my son who is very thin, there great as the draw string helped to keep the shorts in place and they look and feel great.", "Had no tracking system so I didn't really have an accurate time of when the package would be sent. But still arrived in a week. I thought the shorts would have holes. but still is very light and fitting. It keeps you cool through the summer heat.", "My Son will wear these when he exercises and think of how sweet it was that I thought enough to get these for him.", "Perfect fit.", "I ordered a size L, and got the size XL! Do not pay attention to what were getting into. It is possible to return, but due to lack of time I have to wear shorts too big and feel bad ...", "I ordered these shorts in black, but they arrived in dark graphite with a royal blue stripe and swoosh. Also, I didn't realize when ordering that they were coming from the UK, so sending them back was not cost effective. It took only about 12 days to receive them unlike the month or more that was estimated. Five stars for the shorts themselves - very soft, comfortable, and great quality.", "Comfortable and fits well.  Good for workouts or for casual wear.  Will probably buy more in the future in different colors", "These Nike Dri Fit shorts are amazing!! Light weight and very comfortable.  They look good and feel good for lounging and also athletics.", "I used the nike tiempo long time maybe 10 years.The timepo legend III is smaller then Legend II.After I got it, I gave to my friend who has smaller size foot.", "Exactly what my son wanted for Christmas. I tried the Nike store first, then priced around.  Amazon.com had the better price, and the product came perfect!", "This an awesome bag, great space and cool design, and the price its amazing only 40 dollars. BUY IT I LOVE NIKE!!!!!!!!", "This was purchased for a christmas present, this is great quality and roomy it was recieved quickly also, I would recommend it for any man in your life!", "This bag is great!  It is sturdy and spacious.  I especially love all the different pockets and sections.", "Great gym bag. Large and spacious for size and fits perfectly in locker. Strong yet light weight nylon. I like the separate side compartment for gym clothes. Would have been nice to have extra pockets for keys, wallet, coins etc.", "its a great bag honestly and the shipping was pretty fast  very stylish and comfortable I would definitely recommend this to a friend that loves the gym", "I bought this bag to replace my smaller inadaquete bag that I had been using daily at the gym.  I play racquetball and was looking for something that was a little larger than a normal bag and could carry all my gear as well as a couple sets of clothes.  This bag is amazingly spacious and is suprisingly comfortable even when fully loaded.  The strap is designed to take some of the strain off of your shoulder and it really does an amazing job.  The seperate shoe compartment is amazing -- I never had it before but now I cannot imagine not having a bag with the seperate compartment.  I've found that the bag is quite sturdy as well -- I have to stuff it in a smaller locker on a regular basis and haven't had any troubles getting it to conform to my needs.  All in all, I consider this one of the best purchases I've made, I am completely satisfied with this bag!", "This is a great , high quality bag I'm very satisfied with it!!! I reccomed this bag to all athletes", "It i great for gym lockers, right size. Very convinient the size pocket for the wet swiming suit and dirty soccer shoes. very usefull.", "I like this bag alot. i like using it every time I go for a game in a weekend and even on a out of town gig. the quality of the bag is magnificent up to now does not have any breaks or cuts.", "I bought these bags for my 3 13-year old nephews.  They use it to take sports clothes to school.  It is a great size - not too big.  It has held up well, too.", "Bolso de buena calidad en general y gran espacio... esperaba contar con mas compartimentos pero solo trae los basicos.el material del interior parece de un plastico muy delicado... hasta los momentos no se ha roto pero se que lo hara...", "I was looking for a bag that would hold my 7 year old sons soccer items. We tote a Soccer ball, cleats, extra outfits, shin guards, water bottles and more in this bag. Its perfect and just what I was looking for. We've only had it for about a month but it seems very durable. This is the perfect bag for my son and I recommend it!", "I purchased this bag for my son for football practice.  It's great and not to small and not large.  The side pocket for his kleats is great and inside bag still has room.", "I got both this one and the 600P model. They look the same, same design, but the 300P is really huge! It couldn't stay fit in my face, they always fell down. I had to gave them away since I ordered them overseas (international) paying taxes and courier services, so it was expensive to return (I guess they charge a lot both for the price and for the handling of the item, around the 50% of $).I order the 600P, and using it ok, just noticed that the glasses are cracking down from the upper part close to rim. Maybe it has been to often exposure to the caribbean sun, or a few times I left it inside the car in the front part during noon time. It was unexpected to me since I have it for just about two months, and such a pricey and recognized brand sunglasses shouldn't be start breaking up that fast.", "These ended up going back. They don't look so bad in the picture, but look more like dollar store fare in person. Lenses aren't bad, but frames look like cheap stuff.Not a good purchase.", "One of the other revies of the Nike 300 P sunglasses mention how big they are.  This caught my attention because I have a fat head.  Many sunglasses are too small for my melon.  These, however, fit GREAT.  The lenses do a great job with cutting glare.  I'm using these almost exclusively for driving, and the brown lenses make everything clear and sharp.  I used to thing $100 was a crazy price for sunglasses.  However, I consider a good pair of sunglasses to be a very inexpensive safety device for driving.", "Excellent eye coverage. Good lenses. Stays on all the time.Bought 3 pair.Grab then before they go.Don't even hesitate to purchase.", "works great, light-weight, easy to read, easy to use, easy to upload.  only problem is you are stuck using Nike sight for your stats.  Not real bad unless you cannot get a connection", "I did not receive all of the components of the Sportsband - so I had to reach out to the seller to get the clip - I still have not received the clip yet - a little frustrating", "works good, and great once you calibrate it. I use it when I run with out my music(itouch), like when it's raining or when I run on my lunch break. Easy to use and I hardly notice it's there while I'm running, unless I want to know some info from it and then it's right there. Pretty simple and short instructions also, as long as you actually read them, then you will be less aggravated by not knowing how to work it like I was the first time I used it(unsuccessfully). After the run it's very simple to upload the info on the computer too if you want too. I have it set up so it automatically posts my run distance to facebook so I can sort of compete with a old buddy of mine.", "Not accurate, slow, grueling, imasculating, and a overall waste of my time. While I appreciate the technology and the idea of the product, it is just a few years short of being user friendly and accurate.", "The only downside to this is the accuracy of the sensor. I calibrated it two different times on a treadmill, and both times it came up with less than what the treadmill said I ran, but, the second time was closer that the first, so it make take a few times. I do like that i can scroll through distance, pace and chrono, and that it keeps tally of miles for the current week, as well as total miles while using the sport band. I do like it, and find it helpful and would recommend it to anyone not having the newest ipod.", "Since getting the Nike + SportBand I've worn it on every one of my runs. After calibration it's been reliably accurate, and provides me with all the feedback I need. I love how simple the interface on the band is (only two buttons! one for starting/pausing/stopping the run, one for cycling through the feedback statistics) and I've been loving knowing just how far and fast I'm running.", "I would buy again. Wish it had GPS but they cost more. Great product for the money. . . .", "I've seen several low ratings and complaints of the sportband not working, but I've been using it for three years now with absolutely no problem. Of course you can get Garmins that have a lot more functionality for serious marathon runners, etc (set to vibrate when you go below a certain speed and so on), but the Nike sportband is a very simple and inexpensive way to track your progress.The site does have issues occasionally, but it has improved recently, and that does not effect your logging. Also, if you don't have Nike's or have the Frees that don't have a slot for the chip, you can buy a shoelace pouch for $5. As a Brooks-only shoe girl, I had to find a new way to use this. I have it on two different pairs of shoes and love it.Great buy! If you're having problems, try Twitter. They're very quick with responses.", "Great idea.  Only one problem viz.Nike+ Sport Bandit doesn't work.  Golfing friend had identical problem.  We both returned them.", "I lost alot of weight and decided to take up running.  This little device helped motivate me to run farther.  One thing I was worried about at first was that my running shoes (also nike) didn't have the little nike plus insert in them.  Online I found a little holder that tied into my laces so that I could use this watch with my favorite running shoes no matter what brand they were.  It tracks calories, time, and distance.  Also, you can log into nike's site and it can track your runs, and you can join different activities.  I joined groups like 30 miles in 30 days or 365 miles in 365 days.  Every time you logged in it would track your runs and load them into your profile so that you wcould see you were closer to that goal.  It also has the capability to sync your runs to your facebook page.  This feature kept me running.  Sometimes if I had a crappy day and didn't feel like running I would start my nike+ watch then think forget this I'm stopping or I'm not running anymore I'm just gonna walk. I would remember the next time I logged it it would say Tera's last run was .10 miles or Tera's last run was 2 miles and took 35 minutes.  I didn't want the whole world to see when I was lazy and slacking, so in the end I would suck it up and run anyways knowing my nike+ watch would tell on me if I didn't.  As for its accuracy, if I was on a marked trail or a track nike+ was about spot on.  On treadmills, this watch always took longer to read a mile than the actual machines.  Usually about .07 of a mile off or so.", "I purchased this headband under the assumption that is would be nice material and wick sweat away. You are better off buying a cheaper alternative. Do not waste your money.", "I bought this bandana for tennis and couldnt be happier.  Look just like the pros.  Now if I could just play like one!  Nike emblem perfectly placed so you can fold accordingly to have showing when wearing.  Thicker cotton than your traditional bandana so probably more durable and longer lasting.  Very pleased.", "no more stinging eyes from perspiration. stylish to boot. thinking of ordering more in different colors. not only keeps me cool, but look cool as well.", "Captures so much more sweat compared to other headbands.  This one is worth the money for the extra thickness.  Will need washed each and every time.", "Since when have you ever known one size to fit all?If it's not elastic or expandable, don't say ONE SIZE.Say one size fits MOST...", "This is a great bandana! they always look great and don't ravel, or fade quickly.I have some of these bandanas that I have been wearing around for years, and they still look great. they are a little faded, but not to the point where you can really tell unless you are wearing a solid black shirt.", "I received the product very timely although it was not thought it was the fabric appeared to be of a great quality. Different from other bandanas I have.", "this nike swoosh bandana is really cool! I know it wont help my serve but it sure makes me feel more confident haha!", "I love this shirt and would recommend everyone to buy more than one for it's feel and look is an amazing.", "I love the compression.  As a runner, finding an appropriate bra is difficult and frustrating, but this one works exactly how I need it.  I got a size L and it fits as expected, which is to say nothing is bouncing around.", "I received my top. It's gourgeous. Thankyou so much!!! I'll be purchasing more. for sure when I'll need more of your products!", "I'm a 34D so this ran a bit small...I need the medium. But I LOVE the NIKE sports bras! they are the best for support for running and jumping around!", "This is an awesome sports bra. Fits perfectly and very comfortable. I ordered a second one the day after wearing it for the first time! It fits true to size as well.", "It is thick and very supportive, but the bad side is it fits a bit tight. Other than that no complaint. Great sports bra.", "They do the work - GReat support & Quality Material- BUT beware of the SIZE I am Size Medium, and a large size would have been better. Enjoy!", "I wear a 36DD and the X-large worked perfectly. It is supportive, doesn't roll by your ribs when you work out and doesn't chaffe the skin when it is soaked in sweat. Even during breastfeeding I felt this was supportive enough. It has withstood the daily workout and wash every night without the spandex pieces wearing out, but it has only been two months.", "loved it! super comfy, just what I was looking for. would definitely recommend and will probably buy more of these.", "It is comfortable and keep your breasts well in place. I am a sport addict. Therefore, I needed something that will prevent my breasts to pop out when I am running or jumping. This bras does its job perfectly.", "Although I ordered my normal size (xl) I was not able to wiggle into this bra. I have a bad shoulder and really suffered trying to get it on  I returned it to Nike", "Arrived very quickly and fits perfect!!! Daughter uses it for basketball and she said it's VERY comfortable and she doesn't get that \"sweaty\" feeling.", "I bought a Nike sports bra before but the &#34;small&#34; that had 34B in its size range was too small, so I purchased a &#34;medium&#34; this time around. I'm happy to say it provides a good fit.", "I wear a DD cup and this bra is very comfortable. It is great to wear \"around the house\", or for light workouts.  I liked it so much,  I think I'll order another.", "I am a size 34 A/AA and it fits really well. The bottom band is really tight and there is plenty of stretch for those who are bigger chested, so if your band size is 34, don't order a bigger or smaller size. However, when I put it on, I heard the sound of some threads snapping, even though I was careful in trying not to let that happen. I don't know if it will become a problem or not, but so far nothing has come apart. Anyways, it fits snug and is perfect for all kinds of workouts, including jogging (i don't know about long distance or long periods of time), weight lifting, cardio, aerobics, and even high-intensity workouts. It allows for freedom of movement without being too loose. Overall- a perfect bra for any and every type of exercise.", "I love this sports bra. It fits so perfect and holds so well when working out.  It so slimming and makes me feel good when wearing it. I recently had issues finding a nice looking swim suit so I wore it with my bikini bottoms and so many people asked where i got it because it looked so good as a swim suit. I now own 3 in different colors and I will continue to buy more!", "The bra was ok. It however, did not provide the level of support I was expecting, especially for jogging.Perhaps, if one wears two of the bras at a time - it would provide the needed support.", "This Nike pro bra is great. The price you can not beat. It has worn very well and Has great support.", "I was a bit sketchy about spending a bit more money than I normally do on a sports bra, but it was totally worth it. The material is very breathable and comfortable and the band at the bottom doesn't dig into you like many other sports bras do. It is very snug and keeps everything in place, just like it's supposed to and doesn't loosen and get saggy after many wears. The one thing I noticed however, is that if you have a bit more broad or just muscular shoulders like I do, it's a bit difficult to put on and take off because it's so tight, but I guess that's the trade-off if you want a really hardcore sports bra that will keep up with all your athletic pursuits.", "it's perfect  !  It's just a tiny bit smaller than expected but still fits and is very  comfortable. I like this sports bra a lot", "This bra did its job. It wicked away sweat and it kept cool. However, the was a pointy spot in the bra that was digging into my skin at the neck area. Yet, I chose the size that was perfect for me and it had great support.", "This is a great bra!  It does its job well.  The bra is comfortable.  I ordered one at first, not sure if I would like it.  I soon ordered another one, and plan on ordering a third soon.", "It fit very well, It's confortable, It really works, nike pro bra it' s The best , if You need it for sport just buy it", "This fit perfectly.  I take a large, I bought a large and it fit like a large.  Very comfortable.  Nice enough to wear without a top over it and plenty of support.", "Seems to be too smallWill buy one size didI can not breathe.Failed to purchaseI'm sad&#12622;&#12601;", "well there must be something wrong with the designing - the size is way larger than it should be, okay???i gave it to my friend who wears one size larger than me, and it didn't even fit her ! runs tooooo big", "I cannot breathe when I wear this and I'm 5'4 109 lbs petite as it gets! It's cute though maybe some really short extremely small lady will love this.", "I love the comfort of this bra, this bra is cute alone for running or very comfortable under tops. very nice.", "I really liked this product.  It's just a tiny bit smaller than expected but still fits and is very comfortable.", "Purchased for my daughter. She plays softball and she loves this type of bra. They hold up well and last longer than other brands of sports bras.", "My daughter is involved in all star cheer and she lives in Nike Pro's.  She needed a black one and I was having a hard time finding her size in stores so I checked Amazon.  If you're looking for Nike Pro's, you know what you're looking for and this will not disappoint.", "I tend to sweat around my breasts.  This bra helped to keep me drier than most and fit well.  That is what I was looking for in a bra. One that wicked the water away.", "I don't like having to send things back, but the size was smaller than expected. The size chart said I should get a medium but it was too small.", "Have tried other brands of sports bras but always felt &#34;squished&#34;.  Not so with this one.  It's very comfortable while being supportive at same time.", "the problem with this sports bra is that, even though it is quite comfortable, I always have that una-boob look.", "My daughter is very particular about most things and she liked this. It fit nicely and doesn't move. She was happy with it.", "COMFORTABLE!  NOT BINDING, SLIPPING, PINCHING.  SOFT MATERIAL.  I LOVE IT!.  NEXT TIME I WILL ORDER A BIGGER BUST SIZE! THANK YOU...", "I love the quality and it fits awesome. I would highly recommend to others especially if they are big busted.", "Good support and smooth lines.  Seems to run a little small.  I am a runner and this bra provides the support I need.", "Great experience with this seller. As everybody says in its reviews, choose one size more than you normally be. Go ahead if is what you are looking for.", "I'm a medium & did run too small, should've purchased a large. But I did like the material, will be exchanging.", "I exercise quite heavily and this bra holds my chest in place very well also it keeps dry. Another thing; I wash this bra everyday and it doesn't lose it shape or color.They're quite expensive but theyre worth it.", "Perfect! It came quick and fits great! This brand is a little tighter so if you don't own any nike pro sports bras, then maybe try one on at a store and then order.", "best bra for not too large persons; wouldn't waste time buying the padded ones since the pads aren't big enough to keep from sliding and looking funny under shirt", "Another quality product from Nike...great support and quality material.  Fits very well and doesn't &#34;ride up&#34;.  Will definately be purchasing another!", "Just what I was looking for but couldn't find locally in my size.  This Sports Bra stays put...the breast band doesn't ride or roll up and the fabric breathes nicely, wicking away any moisture.  Very comfortable too.  I'm a 38D and the XL fit perfectly.", "This is one of my favorite bras! It fits well and holds its shape. I will be purchasing more in the future", "I have tried every sports bra on the market for cycling and pole dancing. This is by far the best sports bra you can find for medium support.  I have it in 4 different colors and this one is a replacement for the black one that I bought three years ago.  Perfect fit, breathable material, very comnfortable.  LOVE IT.", "IT fit great.  It held everything in place.  I am planning on purchasing more.  I highly reccomend buying this bra.", "Excellent product. It really met my expectations. It came on time and in good conditions. I would rate it superior.", "I like this sports bra a lot.  Wasn't sure exactly what size to order after reading the reviews.  I wear a 38C and went with the XL.  It fits great - not too binding and very comfortable, yet it still holds everything in place.", "Item arrived as described. Very pleased. fits well and washes well.This is my second sports bra. I have never been disappointed with Nike products.", "The bra fit perfect the color also was perfect and they send it quickly and in the day that they said", "The bra works great.  It is a little tight which is stated in the reviews.  The dry fit is amazing for working out.  Overall I would recommend it.", "It fits and comfortable. I like the fabric and it is good in my sport class. I would enjoy the sport more.", "Love it love it love it. This is the only kind of bra I wear to run of do any sports.", "I really like the sports Nike bras. They fit true to size. I was very happy to find this color. Fast shipping.", "I have had this bra for several months and it gives great support.  If you jump rope or play tennis, this is a great bra.", "I wear these sunglasses when I go running and they are great.  Very light weight and comfortable, and they wrap around slightly so they cover the sun from the sides too.  My husband thinks they look more likes sunglasses for men, but when I'm running/exercising I don't really care that much about appearances!", "This would have gotten a perfect score but the size was a bit tight for a size 12. Otherwise I really like the look of these.", "Nice little watch and easy to read.  I love the date always showing.  It is made for a small adult wrist or a childs.", "I got this for my nephew who just turned 13.  He LOVES it!  He trhinks it's cool.  It has all the right stuff and it fits.  Couldn't have done any better!", "A cute watch (even though I'm a woman and this is a boy's watch), fits perfectly, simple to use, great contrast, large numbers.  And I looove the orange detail.", "My son really loves this watch.  He is age 8 and needed something more durable than the typical boys' watch (especially the band, which has so often worn out in the past).  This watch is simple, durable, attractive, and has enough special functions to please an 8-year-old boy.  Would recommend.", "I should clarify that this review is strictly for the Nike polarized lenses- I had sunglasses with a slightly different frame, but very similar polarized lenses.The lenses on these sunglasses are terrible. The polarized version is very dark (too dark to use on a bright but overcast day- the polarized lenses I got are really only suited for a bright sunny day). I've had other oakleys, natives, and ray-bans that provide the protection you need on a bright day without making things look \"muddy\", like these sunglasses do. I often find that I have to remove these sunglasses when I'm driving to read street signs, etc. Maybe a different lens would have performed better, and the tint/color is really a matter of personal preference, but that's just my opinion.The REAL issue is that after about a year of use, the lens coating started to just flake off from the inside, making the sunglasses useless for almost everything. The strange thing is that the coating on the outside is fine, it was just on the inside that they started developing spots where some sort of material just flaked off. Since the Nike warranty was only for 1 year, I was pretty much screwed as far as replacing them. I continued to use these for biking since they were SO expensive, and the problem has gotten much worse, to the point where I'm now going to have to throw these crappy plastic sunglasses away.If you are in the market for a pair like this, I'd suggest going with another brand that invests more in producing quality lenses. I've had oakleys that have lasted 6+ years without problems, and I know people with ray-bans that have even been passed down from their parents. Expensive sunglasses shouldn't be disposable like these.", "We've shopped around a lot for baseball hats and this is the only one sized \"Infant\" that wasn't too big for my guy. It is still roomy, but it does not fall down over his eyes.It is well made. The stitching is great.", "I love these sunglasses.  I had to get a second pair because my wife stole the first ones!", "The Nike Skylon Ace with the Anthracite Max Speed Tint is great.  Great fit and lightweight. Fits my face perfect and no outside reflection comes through the sides.  The arms either lock open or lock closed; no in between action on arms.  The lens gives a slight reddish highlight to everything making golf greens reading more clear.  The downside is that because they are so lightweight, they feel like they could break when opening or closing the arms (just a feeling..not sure about the real strength of the product).  I love them though...great fit, no slippage, and so lightweight I can hardly feel them; play golf and tennis in them.", "I am very happy with this purchase. Wearing it while driving, doing sports and daily casual. Very light and comfortable. Thanks.", "The frames are lightweight and fit snug. the max speed lenses are great, they do not darken your sight picture like other lenses, they remove glare and make things very crisp. I use these for high speed driving, they are outstanding for driving.", "I have been running, road biking, hiking, dog walking in these since the original date of purchase in 2008.  B/c others had mentioned how the glasses easily crack in the center, I am pretty conscientious about them but that happened to mine as well after 3 years.  Ergo, I came to Amazon to find another/last pair in the world.  Why you ask??  Fits my pea sized head and I look famous, have had dozens of compliments and hoards of others look at me like I'm some superstar.  Performance is spectacular.  Excellent visual clarity, and widest field of vision.  Rubber tips on arms and nose piece keep these from budging but not so much that it pulls your hair out by the roots to set them atop your head.  NIKE:  please continue this awesome shield.....we gals like to look great while getting our sweat on!", "Love these glasses. Comfortable and lightweight and great deal for the money. Liked them so much that my husband wanted a pair too.", "Visor delivered was as described and expected. Great quality. It has been washed (but never dried) many times since purchased. Color has not faded, it has endured very well. Very nice. Thank you.", "I love how this hat fit especially since I wear a ponytail a lot! It's super cute and I can feel sporty and look great at the same time!", "The color in the picture shows a Cobalt Blue Vest, which is what I thought I ordered.The vest that was delivered was Navy Blue. I thought the picture was misleading.The quality of the vest is excellent but the color was not what I thought it was.", "Nice shirt, but they run a little bit smaller than most of the other Nike golf shirts. Do yourself a favor and order one size up.", "Product is beautiful, and the severity is very excellent", "My favorite shirt to wear during the summer.  Very comfortable, light, so breathable...playing on those hot summer days was absolutely no problem at all for me.  Bought another again in a different color I liked it so much.", "I get tired of writing these dang reviews. If I did not return it then it must have been ok.", "I work in the caribbean, this shirt is nice enough to wear to work, but is light enough and breathes very well definitely keeps me cool.Highly recommend.", "Very vibrant color.  Great product. Highly recommend this product.  Can be worn on its on or under a V-neck sweater.", "My clothes horse nephew is on the golf team and really liked the weight of the shirt.  Good purchase for 14 year old!", "Received the product in good condition and quality was excellent. The only slight negative feedback is that the size 'S' is slightly larger than the normal Nike polo.", "Shirt is nice and exactly what I expected. I would buy again in different color. Very nice Nike Golf shirt.", "This shirt exactly matched the shorts for which I purchased it.  Great shirt.", "When my husband's birthday rolled around this year as usual I was racking my brain trying to come up with a useful gift he would enjoy,  which is not easy to do!Since he loves to golf I went the golf gift route!  I chose this shirt,  Nike Golf Men's Tour Pleat Short,  some socks and some golf balls.Needless to say he was one happy camper!He absolutely loves this shirt!  It keeps him cool on the course and there is no  interference with range of swing motion.  He says it's extremely comfortable.The orange color looks fantastic with his gray hair.  He typically doesn't pick vivid colors such as this but based on the compliments he has received I think he's getting over the fear of bright colors!The medium fits him perfectly.  He's short for a man (5\"7) but the shirt doesn't hang down too long on him making him look frumpy.The shirt  washes beautifully and no need to put in dryer.  Just hang and it dries very quickly.  In fact it's practically dry when it comes out of the washer. :)  No wrinkles!The quality is exceptional and in my opinion worth the price!", "Nike seems to be one of those companies that size larger than most.  I have a 42&#34; inch chest and normally wear size large.  I have these shirts in large and I swim in them - both length and all over.  Medium fits better but it is almost like I need a medium-large.  I would much rather use medium than swimming in a large.Keep that in mind if you buy these shirts - other than that, they are beautiful shirts!", "Well made, nice pattern on shirt, rich subtle look. Breaths well, great material. Trying to find other colors same item my size.", "All Nike Golf shirts made from DriFit material run large in size compared to a standard t-shirt.  I typically wear a 40&#34;-42&#34; chest size L shirt; however, for these Nike golf shirts the appropriate size at 42&#34; chest is Medium (large chest and thin waist).  The body mapping fit is tighter than their standard golf shirt, which is what you would expect given the name.  If you've got some really big guns, the sleeves might be a bit tight, but this shirt fits great for a person with an athletic build.  It is made from good quality materials, but for the cost of the shirt I would expect nothing less.  You are also paying a few $ for the brand name.  Great shirt for warm weather.  Material moves well; ideal for golf or tennis, or casual wear on a hot afternoon.  The hem has a side split so it looks appropriate if worn un-tucked.", "I love these shirts, they are comfortable and cool. They are just hard to find. When you do find them they are expensive.", "I like the product, but I would have liked it a lot more if it were the color I had ordered. I ordered white and pink and received black and pink.", "Too cute, great fit, washes up nicely. Love it.  My Daugherty looked cute in the outfit.  I would recommend this.", "awesome jordan set for my 3 mo. old. very cute. only complain is that i wish the booties were more thick. i ordered a black set similar to this & the booties were alot thicker but othr than that its so cute:)", "Super Cute! Mommy and Daddy to be loved it! Loved the color. The one I received was black and pink.", "if I would wanted a pink and black outfit for my daughter I wouldve chose it why didnt I get the pink and white one if yall not go.send it dont show the picture", "Bought this for my little girl. It's definitely pink and girlie but it looks different than all the other floral and animal prints.  Says up to 6 months, but my tike is still fitting in it at 7. I guess she is not a forward.", "My husband is a basketball player so im sure our princess will be as well this is the cutest outfit! I just wish you made 6 to 12 months! Arrived 2 days early ! Very pleased!", "My husband actually ordered it, but it's really adorable. No complaints and it was delivered within 2 days. Now he want another one in a different color.", "I sent one a different color I am disappointed with the product is not as it appears in the pictures before buying tengalon in mind and not be misled before making the purchasen into account", "Very cute and as pictured. This was picked out by my boys to bring lil sis home from hospital", "Bought this for my niece that's coming here in June an I hope it fits her just perfect because it's adorable", "I am currently five months pregnant with my first child, my boyfriend and I absolutely love this little outfit! I can't wait to see my babygirl in this when she's finally here :)", "Bought this for my great neice and it worked out great....we were very pleased and it was so cute and fit perfect", "When this shirt came in the mail all of the vynle on the shirt was coming up. I didn't send it back because it kinda looked cool that way, but after about 3 washes the vynle on the shirt Is almost completely off and it looks like crap. I am verdissapointed in this product", "The product is very good, but I was unaware until receiving the items that they were shipped from England.  Unfortunately, I had to return the shirts for another size.  The return postage was $9.80.  I am unhappy that Amazon did not make it clear at the time of my order that the items were being shipped from England.  I would not have ordered from this vendor if I had been informed.  Why is Amazon using vendors outside of the US??", "Thanks! Everything it's ok with delivery of T-shirt, was a gift for somebody. Good price, good product, the T-shirt  is working perfectly. The purchase is totaly ok!", "Product was a nice product - I did not pay attention to the size and they ended being a little too narrow for my head but that's my fault for not paying attention to that.  Otherwise great company and good product.", "\"Son hermosos los lentes, en realidad quede fascinada, c&oacute;modos, deportivos y a la vez elegantes!!!Estoy enamorada de mis lentes, y el precio, excelente! Muchas Gracias.\"", "The glasses look exactly as the photo. You get exactly what you see, but not what is in the product description, or was I fooled?? The description states grey with blue flash lenses and feature an interchangeable lens. The glasses came looking just like the picture, a dark charcoal frame (almost black), white on the inside and smoked lenses... where's the blue flash lens??? I do not see any blue lenses... and the product may &#34;feature&#34; interchangeable lenses, but it does not come with any. The interchangeable lenses are $40-$90 a pair on amazon. Almost as much as an additional pair of glasses. Very disappointed. I have three pairs of &#34;older&#34; Nike interchangeable sunglasses and all three pairs came with a harder case, lens pouch AND a second pair of lenses (one dark and one light). I'm disappointed that Nike has become so cheap that they do not give any interchangeable lenses with a pair of INTERCHANGEABLE lens sunglasses. I wish the description stated that &#34;in the box&#34; you get only the sunglasses and an empty pouch.My personal opinion would be to buy a second pair of these with the lens you want rather than the overpriced lenses. This way you would at least get a second frame for just about the same price.", "Sits firmly on my head, comfortable and good and clear vision. great sunglasses!Had Nike sunglasses before and they got scratched.", "I bought these for golfing and they provide great high definition, especially in bright light. They work well for driving (a car) too! They are darker than I expected and I think they would do well in bright snow light. The down side is that they may be too dark in the lower light. I walked into a thick woods to search for my golf ball and I had to remove them. But no lens is going to function perfectly in all conditions. The frame is comfortable and durable. Then, however, I had them in my jacket pocket and when I bent over to pick something up they got piched between my quad muscle and my Molson muscle and they snapped in half! So much for durabilty. They should have never broken that easily. I'm trying to send them back now. Apparently I can receive partial credit but don't know the details. To be continued.", "comfortable frames.  not convinced that the lens i chose does what the nike website claimed, that the lens would make it easier to see in contrasting light situations: shadows and bright sunlight.  also the lens are difficult to swap in and out.", "The sun glasses lack a piece of glass on the left side, so actually i received sun glasses that is damaged sun glasses.I am upset because it is not cheap price.....I am sure it was hurt before it was mailed to me since the glasses bag has no piece of glass left there.It is not right way to do so. Can I get some money back?", "Great product, and no more considerations to tell, write ou manifest from anything means to do this, and so on.", "The sunglases are best of the best....nice vision in the morning and in the afternon....I like style. ...I like color", "I rarely complain about amazon, but I must post a small gripe. The photo to the left do not match the glasses you receive. The photo depicts a blueish frame surrounding the glass and a white exterior for the remaining portion of the frame. The glasses I received (twice) are totally dark blue on the outside of the frame and white on the inside. I may be being picky, but I like the color scheme of the pictured glasses. I returned the first pair and chatted with an amazon rep. before ordering a second pair (only to get the same pair on my second go around). Don't get me wrong I do like the glasses, they just aren't the color of the glasses I thought I was getting.", "This sunglasses fit great and look good. I love running in them. For the price they are a great deal. I recieved the sunglasses in only two days and the box even included a Twizzler. I am very happy with the sunglasses.", "As stated by a previous review , we also received the wrong color, I like the glasses but it isn't what is in the picture. I'm not a fan of returning things so I will just keep them.", "I look pretty well with them. They just do what they have to do at a great price. They are the best running glasses I could find.", "The Nike Skylon Ace is an awesome pair of glasses. Had mine about a year. Very tough and durable. I originally bought them for golfing and biking. Recently I wore them on a thirty hour cross country drive. You know how sunglasses can begin to bore in and hurt after wearing them for a long period? The nose piece on these is great. Absolutely no problems. I purchased a second pair just because.Nike Skylon Ace Sunglasses", "The lenses are great -- minimal distortion and dark-but-not-too-dark. The fit is great on my face, and they stay on. This pair has good symmetry and sits square on my face.But... after just short of a year of use, the soft plastic nosepieces have, well, not exactly melted, but turned into a squishy mass of disgusting gross stuff. Otherwise the glasses are still fine, but I'm not putting *that* on my face. Yuck. I don't think I left them in the sun. Did I maybe leave them in the car? In the glove compartment? Why didn't the rubber on the earpieces melt as well? The car is garaged too,.. and if I am going out in the heat, I'm *wearing* them...not leaving them in the car. Strange and awful.There's no \"customer support\" on the nike vision web site. What do you do if your sunglasses don't live up to the promise?", "I got these for my husband.  Now my uncle and my kids want them too.  Great clarity and comfortable fit.", "I use these for golf and love them.  has interchangeable lenses but I stayed with the outdoor.  nice if you can find them", "Feels cheap, but the lens is pretty good.  It is large and fits comfortable on my nose and side of face.I think Oakley makes much better sun glasses, but for the price this is not bad.I would not recommend this product because it is too expensive for such a cheap feeling sunglasses.", "These were a gift for my daughter who requires complete eye protection. They were received quite well, she loved them!", "Seller sent quickly.  These are a great combo everyday/exercise pair of sunglasses.  Light is blocked from the sides, wrap around design so you barely see the frames when wearing them.  Stays secure, yet doesn't push on sides of my head and the nose bridge doesn't irritate or slide around.", "I love how the lenses are a good size to block out sunlight from coming right over the top.  They really are pretty glasses.  I have the tortoise and black pairs.  I get lots of compliments on mine.  They are also super comfy on my face; hardly know they are there.", "These sunglasses fit great and are dark enough to block out the bright Florida sun. This is my second pair of Nike sunglasses and both are great. Very comfortable. Highly recommend.", "Great product.  Love them and are great in that you can tilt them up on your head and they don't fall off", "If you are lucky enough to be in attendance at the few night games that UGA has because President Adams is a cry baby, you might need this set of Dawg attire to keep your body in homeostasis.  Then again, chances are it is a 12:30 game and you will be in the sun, so save this for those days before they turn the heat on in the classrooms of Park Hall.", "bought this for support. bought this for support.The support of what is up to you.bought this for support.The support of what is up to you.You get more than what you pay for, nice quality and colors.Help other customers find the most helpful reviewsYou get more than what you pay for, nice quality and colors.Help other customers find the most helpful reviewsThe support of what is up to you.You get more than what you pay for, nice quality and colors.Help other customers find the most helpful reviews", "good shorts, I like the way large fits and I wear large. A little pricy for basic shorts, but they are really comfortable.", "these shorts are THE best shorts i have ever bought i regret evvery second i havent been wearing them ..they are just PERFECT although i wish i bought a smaller size..i usually wear medium but from the words a read here about the buying a bigger size than what you normally wear i bought LARGE .. and it is still beautiful ..thanks guys thank you very much ..", "I had this wallet for 1 day and the money clip got bent from having 7 single bills in it. Not worth the money by any means.", "The description says that this is a \"passport case.\" The wallet doesn't even look big enough to hold money or a license. The descrption on the Nike box says \"Front Pocket Wallet.\" It doesn't say anything about a \"passport.\" Disappointed!!", "I had this wallet for a little under a year. They have a lot of these things available at Ross for less than $15 where I live. I've seen it at multiple locations so definitely check there if you want to get it for cheaper.It's nice to the touch and there's a lot of space for collecting receipts and those sorts of things. However, the wallet isn't too useful if you clutter up cards like I did.I ended up overstuffing my Nike wallet and the thing broke apart. I ended up buying another Nike Golf wallet that was sturdier and had a window for ID. Another gripe I have with this wallet is no window for IDs and that sort of stuff.Not worth $35, but definitely worth buying for cheaper, especially if you don't have a lot of cards and know where all your IDs are.", "Swapped over to this wallet a couple of weeks ago.  It fulfills my main objective of forcing me to hold less in my wallet.  While there are three slots on each side for cards, but realistically only slots 2 & 3 are usable for cards, slot 1 is a little too shallow - but useful for tucking in a receipt or ticket.  Additional cards can be slotted in via the horizontal pockets behind the card slots.Whole wallet isn't very high, so notes need properly sliding into the bill fold area, not stuffed!  Leather is nice and soft.As a tip for folks trying to remove stuff from your wallet, I now have images stored on my cell phone of my freq flyer cards and other non essentials such as AAA - basically any card that isn't used for swiping.", "Very impressive design, light attractive beautiful colorsAverage size, with little money are not suitable for large amounts and coins", "I got this for a gift for my son. It is styling and he loves it and it is wearing well", "Although this pullover is a bit pricey, it is worth every dime.  It is lightweight, comfortable and looks great.  I've washed it several times as well and the color had not faded at all.  If I could find another color combination that I like I would definitely get another one..", "Great shirt, fits good and will keep you warm outside, but not hot inside.  I get many compliments when I wear this shirt from Nike.  Also great for a run outside or a quick workout at the gym.", "Great for indoors and short trips outside above 40 degree temps.  I am tall and the sleeves fit perfectly.  Will probably purchase another shirt in a different color.", "True Dri-fit material, but the collar was a cheap stretchy material that was very wrinkled when worn. Made for a very uncomfortable fit.", "GO NOLES! Love the nike Drifit. Shirt fits true to size and breaths well. Could not be happier with the purchase.", "Ordered the 3 piece set for our nephew for Christmas and the pants were the wrong size that was listed. Everything else was the right size but the pants. Didn't realize the return policy until after the holidays and by then it was too late.", "These socks are extremely tight at the top.  I was unaware of the problem until I went to take them off and my legs were seriously indented.  Teh problem didn't go away for 36 hours and i was actually concerned.", "It's exactly what I wanted I just gave it a four cause it was a large and they didn't have any smaller size", "Soaks up the moisture and comfy socks! I can wear the black ones as dress socks. Highly recommend. They do the job.", "To practice soccer or sports DRIFIT rocks! So these socks are a good example. They keep your feet dry and are comfortable.", "The best pair of socks I have ever had. They fit nice and are soft and comfortable. I loved them", "I thought they would be very big considering all the reports on these socks, but when I got them, I was in love ! They fit perfect, and are very comfortable ! Very good buy. Coming back for more later ! (;", "just like the heading says, they are absolutely so comfortable and just plain amazing. i wear them every single day!", "These are terrific -- husband really likes them over the rest of his athletic socks.  Fast ship, packaged well.  Large fit his size 13s well, too.  Would recommend.", "The kiddo loves Nike socks and I previously suspected that it was all about the &#34;label&#34;, but I have to say that they hold up so well - washing and being owned by teenagers!  I decided to buy some for my husband as well and he said that there is something to be said for paying more for some things - they fit great, don't slip around and stay put!  I only discounted 1 star because the price still pains me a bit!", "Great pair of socks. Very comfortable to wear and fits properly.One bad thing would be they are easily stretched.", "I wear a size 13 shoe, these socks should be true to size. Crew is mid-calf, these go to knee.", "I really liked the quality and the feel of the socks. They had alot of options to choose from, and shipping was really fast. I would buy again.", "three socks  for this price come one. is very cheap. Are dri and fit mediu socks are good my size si perfect", "Can not believe how comfortable these socks are. Bought a whole bunch and now don't worry about matching socks anymore. Still have a drawer full of other socks, but never wear them anymore.", "My son wears a size 14 shoe so it is hard to find comfortable socks that fit.  He loves these.", "It does keep my feet dry, but it doesn't breathe at all and on a hot day makes my feet feel like they are burning.  My thin gold toes, though not moisture-wicking, keep my feet more comfortable.  Also, the large seems to be a bit snug with first uses.  Haven't tried them on too often though due to aforementioned reasons.  They are slightly thick though so have more padding than my thinner dress socks.", "I bought a three pack. When I donned the second pair the material ripped and I had a hole about 1/2 inch across. I returned the socks per Nike instructions at my own cost (as much as I paid for one pair). I got a quick but unsatisfactory response that it was not a defect but an &#34;abrasion.&#34; Sorry customer, you must be lying to us on how the hole appeared on first use.&#34; That's how I read it. Rather than look for a fix, blow us off. Back to other brands for me - ones that wear out over time.", "These socks are perfect for working out and running. Super comfortable and seem be made out of high end materials.", "This product arrived in a timely manner. When they arrived,I noticed they were sealed twice, once in a waterproof envelope and then inside a yellow bubbled envelope. This kept the socks clean and dry from the elements of the weather. I am very pleased with the price, the speed of delivery and the packaging of the Nike socks. I would recommend ordering from here again.", "The Grey Nike swoosh is not as bright as pictured. When my son was on the basketball court they looked like plain black socks. They are a little thinner than previous Nike socks. I would not buy these again.", "Requires my son with a US Men's 10.5 foot to fold the sock under the sole of his foot. He doesn't seem to mind though. He tells me that that's the style.", "Tight fit means great support. They are a little warm though. As summer approaches, I will probably revert back to my older thinner Nike socks.", "Bought these for lacrosse. Great cushion and so far they are durable. First pairs of socks that I have ever owned that have a left/right foot specific design.", "Got these for work as I ride my bike there and am active in general. They're breathable, stay up well, and aren't wearing in too quickly or anything. Good socks. And they have an L and R to tell you which foot!", "great for working out in. very comfortable. very light in weight. I would buy one in every color if i could.", "Follow up review....... i do like these.  They are very comfy and vent well.  After the first month or so and some washes they are much better.Below is the original so you know:I do not like these socks.  They are a bit too thin causing feet to get cold and also very sweaty when worn with dress shoes.  I generally find the sport socks work best for use with dress shoes but these do not.  Calvin Klein sport crews are the best I've found yet.", "these are for my son and he really likes them.  great socks good price.", "I have to admit, these socks are pretty freaking awesome. They are not as cool as the Elites because they don't have a numerous variety of color or the spine on the back, but they are still very cool. Only thing I say I don't really like is that the swooshes are not always like the picture shows. Like one of my pairs of the red socks, the swoosh is at the very back of my foot... so, I mean I always can just twist it when I put it on, but it is kind of a pain.", "I was sent the wrong color of socks. I got all black socks instead of white, black, and navy blue.", "I have to get my son's socks online because of his big feet. These fit him well but the top elastic is tight. These won't be falling down anytime soon. This is good for him because he's skinny but for a larger man these might be too constricting at the top.", "I bought these socks for my son. He is very active and they are holding up great. They don't fall down at all. He just loves them. They were shipped fast and received before due date.", "Seriously, how good can socks be? Well, awesome that's how. The right fit, length and thickness....makes we want to work out", "I started wearing Dri-fit socks a couple of years ago.  Now I have two drawers full of them!!  They are so comfortable!!", "Good socks and long lasting.  My teenage son loves these and wears them every day.  Will order more to meet his demands.", "They're so comfortable and keep my feet dry! They're also very warm, but not too thick, so they fit perfectly into my patent leather nursing shoes. I will be purchasing more.", "Great socks... good for both operational and dressy purposes.  Keep feet not smelly and give good support.  Only thing is for some reason I always seem to have more left ones than right ones.  Other ways they're a great buy.", "Best all-purpose sock on the market.  I get black so I can wear them to work, but can also wear them to play pretty much any sport and then lounge around the house too.  They stay relatively dry and the elastic doesn't wear out nearly as fast as other socks (still have a few pair that are going on 3 years old that are as tight as the day I bought them).", "My husband will only wear these socks. They don't get loose and slide down, they fit nice and snug, expensive but last a very long time", "These socks are the best! I keep buying more. So comfy and love the color!!!!!! Definitely buy them, youll be pleased", "These socks are amazing. I thought socks were socks til a few years ago when I discovered the Nike socks. The quality of them were way above the other brands of socks I bought. After finally wearing through most of them, I decided to grab these and I'm in love. They're cushioned and really helps because for work I'm on my feet for 10+ hours per shift. The price was a bit steep, but by a stroke of luck my cousin went to the Nike Employee Store a few days later so I had him pick up some more for me, they're 3 for $9 at the Employee Store, vs 3 for $18 online. That being said, the socks are great, they breathe well and my feet don't get hot or sweaty anymore even when it's 80 outside (hey I live in Oregon, 80 is a hot day lol) the fit is spot on and they're comfortable. The only point to note, is that these ones I got from Amazon come up to a little below my knee, whereas the ones from the ES go halfway up, but they're both crew socks (unless I'm missing something).", "These dr-fit socks do what they advertise, they keep your feet relatively dry.  This is great for me, I walk/run quite a bit and tend to get sweaty feet.  They wear out somewhat quickly, but that's to be expected with a thin breathable material.", "Great fit, great feel! I really like these Nike Dri fit socks I will definitely purchase more when needed. Shipping was fast.", "Perfect workout socks.  They stay pulled-up.  Look great.", "I use the socks for officiating basketball and they have been some of the most comfortable socks I've ever used.  I pull them up over my entire calf and they have a better effect on helping the muscles of my legs than wearing long tights.  My legs feel great after having 3 or 4 games, and many miles of running, on the court in one day.  I also have been wearing these socks to church because they are very comfortable.  I would recommend these socks to anyone considering them!", "These actually have arch supports, which is something my other Nike socks lacked. The heel and toe area is strategically cushioned. And they come in left and right fits.One potential issue is the long calf part of the sock. It is very elastic, and if you pull it up it can reach the knees. Leaving it down at the calf however can cause a little squeezing pain. I quickly got used to it, but it is something to keep in mind.Overall these are the most comfortable socks I've worn.", "I love these.  I bought them after I bought the no show version.  Your feet stay dry but the sock will be soaked.", "Great socks love them.", "These are my son's favorite socks.  They even have a left and right sock in the pair. Keeps his feet dry.", "I bought these socks and they are nice....but they get so much lint on them and they attract so much hair like if you have a dog. Anyway the point of the title means that after about 4-5 months they get holes on the bottom and get less comfortable. I definitely suggest looking at the elite basketball ones...soo comfortable and super high quality. (this is deborah's son)", "Awooh ! Its good . It's worth every dime . Although its not Elite's , its still versatile . You should buy this item", "Sock are very supportive.  Tension relievers for the feet.  Pricey, yes.  Worth it, yes!!!  Very cool to wear, both as airy and good looking.", "Best socks I've ever owned. They're extremely comfortable and you can't beat the price at any nike outlet store, man.", "The cushioning on the socks is good and the Dri-weave works well, but the socks are very tight on my legs. I have skinny legs and ordered large and still they are very tight.", "My husband is on his feet all day. A nice alternative to black dress socks.. Don't like matching up a Left foot - Right foot folding laundry though", "I thought that being made out of the dri-fit material they would be more expensive. I went to a name brand sporting good store and they only charged 16.00 which is the suggested retail price. I am disappointed that a retailer on Amazon would charge more than what the product is really worth. Thank goodness I got free shipping, otherwise I would be very upset.", "It's simple not much to explain they are bike Dri-Fits they do exactly what I expected them to do keep dry", "These are some of the best socks I've ever found for work. I am on my feet all day; walking and standing. They are form fitting and are very comfortable. I would recommend them to friends and family.", "it has been 15 days since I ordered these socks I would not be surprised if it takes another 15 days for them to come in..... do not buy this product", "I use these for work every day and they offer support and keep my feet dry.  They are tight around my legs but I like that about them.  If you have thick legs or don't like tight knee socks these might not be for you.  They are called crew socks but they go to just below my knees.", "These socks are great!  I use them for basketball and football with no problem whatsoever.  They are longer than what I thought they were going to be though.", "These are absolutely amazing! Especially for the gym or basketball! If you sweat alot and dont like having your shoes smell, these are the socks for you!!!", "I like these socks because they don't slide down as I run or just walk.  The elastic in the middle of the foot helps to prevent bunching.", "These socks are wonderful.  They are a perfect length, and super  comfortable not to mention they are dri fit!  Outstanding.", "These socks are very comfortable, but the pictures are deceiving. I didn't realize how \"stretchy\" they are. I wanted them to, at full pull, go to the top of my calf. However, they reached well above my knee. The swoosh is also very difficult to see, as it is dark charcoal in color.", "These socks are comfortable...well made...look good.  I use them for everything because they are so versatile.  They also dont fall down around your ankels but dont put the squeeze on you either.  Good with slacks because they are black and look like dress socks.  Work for just hanging out in jeans because they are comfortable.  Sports like golf or whatever...they work for that too.", "Excellent Product, great price, faster than expected delivery. Very comfortable socks, the whole left and right thing is a great idea although a little tedious when sorting the washing out!", "I bought these because I had some older ones that I bought at the Nike outlet, and thought these would be the same.  For the most part they are the same except for the length and elastic/spandex.  I wear a size 15 shoe so I usually buy the XL socks, but to my dismay when I put these on, the foot fits perfect but these are not crew socks... these things go all the way to my KNEES.  Plus if I have them pushed down they are so tight on my lower legs that by the end of the day I have a groove around both legs.  I am hoping it was just an off batch as the socks are some of the best socks I have EVER bought.  I am somewhat of a clothes horse and sneakerhead, so I buy a lot of socks and shoes and have never found a more comfortable pair of athletic socks.  I recommend them, but after the last batch I may have to recommend going to the store and holding them to make sure you get the right length.", "i love these socks.  feel great on the feel, plus they have the little L and R so you are never confused on which foot to put them on.", "After trying these socks, I will not wear anything else. Love the tight fit and great support. My feet feel great when wearing these socks!", "I basically only wear these socks because they are stay cool while I am doing athletics. These socks also look very good. Unfortunately I have to give this 3 stars because the socks stretch very easily and I wear size 14 shoes but they make these socks so long I can put them almost at my knee so I have to roll them down.Pros:Great initial fit.Look very good.Cons:Stretch very easily.If you order them for you foot size they will go very high up your calf so you have to roll them down.", "My son loves these socks.. W will be buying more! The only problem is only there came in the pack", "I played basketball with these socks, they are pretty good, just kind of rough, need time to get used to it,", "My doctor recommended me to these socks due to my feet sweating.  My feet still sweat but it has drastically diminshed due to these socks.  These are good enough to replace dress socks and when you wear them, you can hardly notice the difference.  The reason why I deducted a star is because it caused me a little bit of discomfort due to being very tight on the cav area.  Otherwise, the price is great on amazon and you get 3 pairs of sock.", "What can I say besides these are some of the most comfortable socks I own. A must buy item !", "Was skeptical at first because you can get Nike 6-pack Dri-fit for the same price of this 3-pack but the difference in design/construction makes them worth it.Great fit, comfortable, provides arch support (by wrapping around the area), and keeps your feet dry.The \"L\" and \"R\" markings made me laugh when I first saw them.  Just don't let the laundry gremlins steal a single.", "What more could you want from a pair of socks? They are way better than just plain cotton socks. I use them for work with my steel toe boots.", "They work, this is the first time I have tried these type socks. And they do keep my feet dry. I am a women and they are a little large my shoe size is a 6. But they make me knee socks", "These socks were too tight for me, so I gave them to my wife to try on her smaller feet. Too tight for her as well.", "First thing first....these are NOT the NIKE Elite socks. However, they are just as stylish at a much cheaper price point. My son wears these socks during his football games. These players are very fashion conscious, so the fact that he's wearing these--during game time--speaks volumes about how &#34;in&#34; these socks are.", "I bought these socks for my daughters basketball season and she really likes them.  They stay put and are pretty comfortable!!", "These were as expected. They are very comfortable and keep my feet dry. Really like these and will try more dri-fit products", "These feel like good quality socks but they definitely go above my calf which I did not expect. Also, they have an elastic band in the middle of the sock that 'squeezes' (not too tightly) the sock around your arch and top of foot. It's a weird place for that and I've never experienced it before.It takes a little getting used to which is why they jury is still out for me on these.The 3 stars is mostly because the description (crew socks) is not accurate. They go high up on your leg.", "These socks were the material I was looking for but they weren't crew size they were full length knee high.", "I like my socks tight.  TIGHT, baby.  SNUG.  I spent years wearing crew socks that would slide down a little as the day wore on, pulling them up, feeling them slide down, wearing out the heels and the elastic a little in the process; the longer I wore them, the looser they got. Tried various brands, same problem.  I have mixed feelings about Nike as a company, but let me tell you: these socks are the best.  TIGHT!  They don't slide down!  They have held up well for over a year!  I bought more!  I'm going to stock up in case they get discontinued, that's how much I love these socks.  A little unusual in that they are form-fit for left and right feet, so you have to keep track of that, put the R sock on the R foot and the L sock on the L foot, which might seem a laborious process for some people.  My theory: it may help keep them tight.  Definitely worth the mental and organizational challenges. (Hint: keep the L socks on the L side of your sock drawer, the R socks on the R side. Sweet system.)  SO comfortable.", "Ordered these socks for my daughter to play Club Volleyball and she loves them.  A little pricey but worth the money, high qualty and comfort.  Highly Recommend!", "I really like these socks, having larger and wider feet (12 Extra wide) not all socks that say they will fit up to size 12 shoes, fit me properly. But these fit great and they do seem cooler or maybe they &#34;breath&#34; better than regular socks. I do seem to notice my feet aren't as damp in the evening when I take my socks off, so they do seem work as advertised. Will have to see if they are as durable as regular socks. I have usually bought Hanes crew socks x-large in the past, so these socks seem comparable in price and maybe a little better bargain as I get free shipping with Amazon prime. One of my favorite things about these socks is they stay up all day! I don't have to keep pulling them up, so that is a positive for me.", "Great sock. Padded bottom. Each sock is labeled left and right so the swoosh is always facing outward. It's a great summer sock and can be worn in colder weather as well. Didn't fade hardly at all and have stood up to some harsh conditions.", "Awesome. Just awesome. They are light yet feel cushioned and feels great on my feet. I will always buy these when they go on sale. Sometimes 12 packs go for $30. I'm a size 9 and a large fits great.", "They fit well. Can never go wrong with nike. I the feel and cushion to them. It might be a lot for socks but boy are they great and warm", "helpful for all day work. the socks hug your feet making u feel comfortable .actually feels like  a foot massage all day", "These fit from the ankle down bettger than any sock I have ever worn. The material is soft, supple, and supportive.The Black is true and deep and looks really good.The left right fit is much more appreicated than I expected it to be.However above the anle the sock is way to tight around the calf. even if I fold the top half ot he sock down so the colar is near my anle it is still too tight for all day and evening wearing.But for athletic purposes they are fan tastic as long as I take them off within 6 hours of putting them on.", "Nike Dri-FITS are my grandson's go-to socks for all occasions.  The x-large are especially appreciated for his x-large teen feet.", "These socks are very comfortable.  Unlike a lot of XL socks that are on the smalll side if your shoe size is over a 13, these are generously sized for my size 14-15 feet.  The cuff is somewhat snug so they can be a bit tight around your calf but not a big problem unless you have abnormally large calves.", "these socks are great for family times and great for kids. What kid doesn't want socks for there birthday? All thought, they were delayed they came in the next day.", "I received 12 pair for Christmas. Like the reviewer before said, they have lots of lint. Also my feet sweat more with these than with regular socks.", "Socks are marked left and right and one of the pairs had two left.  Did not noticed until after I washed them.  My son will not wear for basketball because the symbol is not on correct side.  Would not send replacement pair but did get 40% off.", "Nike delivered my product as always, flawless. Great socks with extra comfort in them. Worth the buy. I can always trust nike", "They are the best fit and are very comfortable too. Love these socks. They keep you warm during winter too.", "Great fit, great socks!  This style of socks are a part of my daughters school uniform...they are perfect and she wears them all the time. To school & on the playing field!!", "Love these socks! They are a lot more cushiony then the socks I bought from the actual Nike store. Fit a lot better and do not lose the elasticity in the bands. I recommend buying these socks.", "Good quality, properly-sized (I have large feet), comfortable socks. So comfy' I often wear them as every day socks. Arrived quickly. Would buy them again.", "These socks are very comfortable and feel good even after 12 hour days and they stay in place without being to tight.  I have the basketball version of these socks also.", "Good service! My product came in pretty quick. I would use this person again. It did not take long at Allan's the product was good.", "These socks fit great (right between ankle and knee) and look nice with the Nike swoosh.  Obviously a well made product.  Recommend!  Plus they do stay dry!", "The are nice but they are not crew a little taller on the calf. Feet feet well and wash weel.", "These socks are great! They are foot specific for a better fit and have better cushioning than normal. Not to mention they are Dri-Fit! Do not hesitate to buy these if the price is reasonable. They are a great sock for sports (I use them for basketball and track). After a month of use they are holding up strong.", "Bought this for my little brother for Christmas. The only thing is that the picture is exactly as sock is, so the swoosh symbol IS gray, not white. But awesome, just as described. He will love them.", "I have a nerve disease do to my Army service and they were to tight around my foot. The padding was great but just to tight for me.", "they are very good socks...keeps your feet nice and warm when using them in the mountians on a hunt and they work just as well when using them on the job walking around...they keep your feet warm when needed and dry when needed...they are thick though....so if your shoes/boots are already on the tight side, look for something thinner since it might cramp up your foot", "came on time and fit perfectly, i got a medium and wear a women's size nine and these worked perfectly", "I guess when you buy a three-pack of these, the quality is much less than when you buy a single pair-for almost the same price.  So I guess I shouldn't be surprised.  However, I am even wondering if these are knock-offs somehow?? (The &#34;swoosh&#34; color seems different and the knit is definitely of a lesser quality - and it didn't actually say NIKE on the packaging, which was also interesting.)  Overall, I am just perplexed by how hard it is to find a pair similar to the ones we previously purchased.  But whatever, we will use these.  And of course, if this is our biggest problem, we are doing okay.", "These are great socks, I bought these for my teenage son. Very comfortable and stylish. Came in three different colors", "These socks hold up and will last you.  The stitching is great and these socks are very comfortable to wear.", "The large rubber bands work so great at our local park. We use trash liners inside the outside barrels and use the bandsto secure the liners. Works Great!", "I got these for my teenage son and he says these are his favorite socks. He loves them; keep his feet dry.", "I love that these socks have retained their quality after many washes since I bought them from Amazon.  They are also tall, so they will be nice for winter to keep my legs warm.", "Can't really provide a first hand account because I gave these to my grandson for his birthday.  They were a request on Amazon, so I assume he really likes them.", "Great product. Comfortable socks and nice design. Really good colors and good fitt, I would recommend it to anyone who plays Basketball.", "qw er sd xc fg vb as gh lm lll  qwr for got kmn kgkg mgmg g fkfk  kflflffmgl hjk", "The socks were a gift  they were a good fit and was the right color good quality he really like them", "Size 15 shoe and these fit well.  I bought for basketball but am going to also use as a daily driver.", "If you like Nike socks--these are the best and they are sold out of sports stores quickly.  Best to shop online.", "Fit very well, comfortable and help keep my feet dry when playing tennis.  Would order more but balk at the cost.", "They stay up all day long.  The individual right foot/left foot fitting keeps them from bunching.  I haven't had them long, so I cannot speak for durability.", "I bought these socks after a co-worker's recommendation. I wear duty boots (Danners) for about 13 hours a day. The difference between these and normal white cotton socks are very noticeable. Sweat is wicked off more efficiently (less feet stank), they are comfortable in the sole, and ride high up on the calf. I will buy these again for sure to have extra.", "These fit exactly as i was hoping.  They are a couple of inches taller than other crew sock I have purchased and are made very well.  i am picky about socks and these are great.  i am ordering another 3 pack.  i am using them for running track and playing basketball.", "These socks fit great and work well with my high-top basketball shoes. These are better than other dri-fit socks I've tried, and the price is awesome!", "These socks are pretty much the Nike Elite Basketball socks with a little less cushion and no spine on the back. Excellent and Cheap!!!", "as far as the socks go the are nice but I was sent a medium instead of x-large in the white.  therefore, it was not worth sending back for the right size.", "product was fine.  my son would have liked to have the swoosh on the sock a little more noticable.  foot part fit well but the height of the sock was more than expected.  Hard to find socks for a size 14 foot on a young teenager so these were the best we could get.  He would have liked what is offered in the smaller sizes but not available in the x-large.", "Amazing cushioning provide arch support great feel with the ventilation prevents foot odor, some people may not like them for the compressive breathing", "As you would expect from Nike great socks, great arch support and they even mark left and right.... Highly recommended", "I will order these again, probably. I am not sure about the Left & Right issue though. They come in three different colors, so as long as you don't get more than one set you shouldn't have any problem with wearing two Lefts or Rights. I'm not even sure if this would be a problem. There is an L and R in red near the toe, a spot you can see in the photo, so it is not a matter of identification. They are built like a sport sock but cotton.", "I purchased these socks for basketball season because my little ankle socks were not very comfortable in my basketball shoes. I thought that these sock would only prevent my sneakers from rubbing against my skin. It not only did that be they were amazing comfortable! I wear size 9 in womans, thats about 7 in mens and i ordered Medium and i was amazed with way it perfectly hugged my feet.I would definitely recommend this product to anyone who plays basketball!", "the socks did keep my feet cooler and they contained the sweat from my feet withing the socks  reducing the impact of the smell on my shoes.BUT... the price is insane. I wanted more socks like them and I was willing to replace all of my socks with this style but the price prevented me to do so.There is an alternative, for tree times less, I got a better performing pair of socks that replaced everything else I use. The brand &#34;AND1&#34; from wallmart has the same thing, and in my opinion, better, more breathable socks.", "These are extremely comfortable and amazingly useful, I love them and where them every day. These are not as good as the Nike Elites, but still very good. I recommend them to anyone who wants a comfortable day for the feet", "These socks fit well. They stay in place. They are a good value. You get three pairs at a good price.", "These are extremely comfortable! the look nice, and they aren't too tall like some of the socks are; such as: Nike Elites can go more than half way up your calve.", "The socks are nice and are in good condition. They were a size small but i paired to get them on so it didnt bother.", "The title sums it up. The Nike dri-fit socks are my favorite athletic sock. I wear these when I wear scrubs to the hospital for the day. They provide excellent support and comfort.", "these were given to my son as a gift and he says they are nice socks. Hopefully they will last quite some time.", "I love this socks, my feet don't sweat as much. Ten more words or less, 5 more words or less", "I never received the item ordered.  I also never received a response from the seller after 2 e-mail attempts.  Luckily, Amazon refunded my moned when I filed a claim.", "I was mostly surprised and pleased that these socks were as long as they were, both in foot and leg length, and the quality is better than other Nike socks I've had in the past. I appreciate the amount of compression they provide, which helps them stay up well and keep my legs from tiring/swelling. I only wish there was a bit LESS compression in the foot area, as they tend to squeeze my toes a bit too much by the end of the day. ( I am a nurse, so I'm on my feet a lot ).  Other than that, I am very pleased with these socks----in the end, the comfort of support, non-droopy socks and drier feet is more important than a little toe compression.", "i have had these socks for about two weeks and they are amazing.  they really stop your feet from sweating as much and stop odor as well.  i like the different colors that are available.  overall these are great socks for the price", "These were too tight for my feet and lower legs.  I was looking for socks that would help my shoes to fit my feet better and cusion my feet.", "My daughter plays basketball and her feet are horrible smelling. Since she has got the socks her feet doesnt seem to smell as bad, but they are alwaysh soaked after a game or practice. But overall they are really greaat socks kind of pricey but they are definately worth it. We couldn't find them at any local sports stores in her size so if you are looking for them the internet is definately a way to go. ! :)", "I love how the socks felt on my feet but were a little too tight on my calves. I'm assuming that's becuase they were brand spanking new though. I love how my feet don't feel so sweaty with these.", "Feel great very comfortable will wear them often appreciate the service will continue to buy from nike very comfotable thanks", "Nice fit. I Ike that the socks have an &#34;L&#34; and an &#34;R&#34; on them as I often forget which side of my body is which", "These socks are great, but i got two left socks in one pair, i dont know how, what should i do?", "its about time they make socks that feel and fit the way they are advertised. would recommend them to others. so happy", "These socks are great, they form fit to my foot perfectly and don't slip around or need readjusted throughout the day.  I use them for work and working out.  The wick moisture well too.  Great product.", "Sox drive me crazy. Most don't stay up or they bunch up inside your shoes. These sox do everything just right. I bought them to play golf in. At the end of 18 holes the tops are still calf high, nothing bunched up inside my shoe and my feet are dry and cool. Great product.", "Socks are comfortable, keep your feet warm and dry and they stay where they are! I also have the low cut and quarter drifit socks and they are all awesome!", "Good comfortable fit.  Like the other (black Swoosh) style better, fits tighter. Both are comfortable and fit well, will buy another pair soon", "Just like what you see.perfect for basketball or just wearing with shorts in the summer. warm enough to wear in cold weather but breathe good enough for sports. good price as well.", "These are great socks. I've had them for a while and have not worn a hole in them yet, so far so good.", "These socks felt great and were exactly as expected. I will definately be buying them again in the future. Thanks", "Great deal.  I'm diabetic, and this socks seems to be made for, they keep my feet dry during a basketball journey", "My son loves these socks.  He has a problem with sweaty feet and finds they keep him dry.  They are also provide a wonderful cushion and he has told me they maintain comfort when he is on his feet for extended times.", "These are high quality and fit great. Not to too thick or thin. Just right. I would recommend for those who like a high quality sock.", "The only thing I got that I was looking for was the word Nike. The description of this is wrong and now I have the wrong socks.  These socks went above the knee.  I wanted Crew Socks. Not happy with the purchase and I hate having to take time out to do a return for socks.  Waste of money on this order.", "My daughter needed these socks for basketball.  I looked everywhere in retail stores but could not find her size.  Amazon had them, and delivered them in just a couple of days.  She really likes them, too - she said they keep her feet dry.", "The socks were exactly as they were pictured and described. My son loves them, and I may buy more soon.", "nothing better, I love them.  lightweight, breathable and just perfect for the sneaker. just enough padding and very durable.  I plan on buying 10 more sets", "I love these socks! I wear them with absolutely everything. They keep your feet super dry and comfortable. I always need and will buy more. A must for sports and casual wear. I have tried other brands of dri-fit and these are by far the best. Other brands just don't measure up. Another thing that is great about these socks is that they stay up when you're wearing them, I don't have to pull them up half way through the day.", "Fit really nicely and support the arch of the feet.  These are quality socks that my son and I both love", "I bought these assuming that Drifit nike crew socks were the same - Please make sure if you want the ones that are more like heavy cotton that you do not buy these in error.  I thought they felt odd as I was putting them in the washer but rushing as always did not pay too much attention - they are okay for casual wear for my son but not for lacrosse or other running sports", "These socks are now the ONLY socks I wear...that fact alone should speak volume and persuade you to get em' if your considering buying these socks.", "I ordered 2 sets of the high socks and 2 sets of the low socks. They arrived pretty quickly and they were exactly what i needed! They are kind of pricey so be sure its what you want!", "Love these great fit and support and durable socks.  Never get crusty or lose elasticity - even after 100's of washings.", "What can you say about socks?  There aren't too many people I see getting excited over receiving socks, but they were exactly what was asked for and, from what I have been told by their wearer, very comfy and keep feet dry and warm all day long!", "These socks are not really for working out in. They are way to thick for working out. They are not really for the office as well. They are to thick for most of my shoes. I use them mostly for just around the house. If you are looking to buy these for the gym, do not. If you want a pair of socks for the house these are pretty good.", "I am very happy with these socks.  They are slightly big but shrink after washing and drying for a perfect fit!", "i've worn these socks for a few years now, got the originals at dicks.  was leery about getting these online, with all the dingbats on here saying they go up over their knees and all.  they don't.  they're a crew, just like the description says, and they fit just like the picture.  am happy i ordered them.", "I have a slim foot and these are a bit tight on my 11 1/2 -12.  That said, I still like these better than what has been ending up in my X-mas basket. No offense fam. They fit just at the calf & seem to handle moisture well. I purchased for cardio, hoops, walking etc. Might buy another set if the company sends me a coupon.", "My son liked these socks. Only complaint they are Very Long! My son wears them folded over and you can still see the Nike sign with no problem.  They appear to be durable as he is rough on socks, great value for the number of pairs received.", "Back to buy more.My husband works 12-16 hour days in boots these socks really work great to control the odor.He usually will not spend more than $1 on a pair of socks and after receiving these as a gift he cant live without them.", "ok. they're socks. you know this much. but the dri-FIT socks are alot more comfortable than regular socks. they got some cushion to them and they also have the dri-FIT material. i wear these for when i work out and when i'm playing sports and these are exactly what i need. definitely a good investment. make sure to follow washing instructions and don't use fabric softener on these and wash in cold water.", "My teenage sons love these socks, very comfortable and wear well. Great transaction and product as described! Awesome product at an awesome price!", "My boyfriend loves them for when he plays basketball! Extremely comfortable. I would Recommend these to anyone playing a sport!", "My 13yr old picked these out and ordered them himself, he loves them.I am frightened as I think he is turning into a clothes horse.", "Who would have thought a good pair of socks could make a guy's day?  My boyfriend RAVES about these socks!", "the socks are SUPER SOFT they fit great also they are very breathable. the colors were dead on and have a good amount of swag", "these are pretty long socks.  my son has big foot but isn't into the sock halfway up his calf, so he slouches it down some and works great.  he digs them", "These are not the same dri-fit socks that I have bought in the past. These new ones are thinner, don't have as much cushioning, and overall just feel flimsier. Also the material seems different as it is slicker, meaning more slipping around in shoes. This is something that affects performance. In conclusion these new versions of dri-fit socks are not the same quality as the old, and are not worth the price anymore.", "Been using these for about 3 years and they are going strong.  I have been through 2 sets of walmart socks and they are full of holes and worn out.  These don't absorb much water - act like wool but not itchy.  Keep you cool in summer, not winter socks but do fine until its gets real cold.", "These are comfortable and great athletic socks. With the added benefit of knowing which sock goes on which foot lol.", "Swore by Falke with more precise sizing.  These are almost as good, seem to wear a bit better and are much cheaper and easier to get.", "The fit and feel of the socks is great.  Very secure, not lose.  Not super tight.  Like the fact that the socks tell you if its for the Right or Left foot", "i had just bought a pair of shoe and wanted a pair of socks to go with them so i got it and it was just the right thing to top off my purchase...", "Great socks for an array of activities. They fit just right and they are extremely comfortable once they are on your feet. I recommend them to any athlete or to anyone who is active and also values comfort.", "Lightweight, snug fit but very stretchy. Lets shoe hold foot solidly since there is no cushioning. If you want cushioning, get other socks. Transports sweat rather than absorbing it. I expect I'll be getting these again and again in the years ahead. Not showing undue wear despite being used while playing court sports with lots of sudden stop and go action.", "I work in an environment that I'm on my feet all day long so my feet sweat a lot.  These socks are prefect for my comfort!", "Purchased these socks to fit my foot and they were so tight that I had to give them to my wife for her to use.  Buy the next size up...", "One designed for each foot.  A little snug after washing.  I wear an 8 shoe, women's and bought medium socks.", "I love the FitDry quality, and if you don't mind your socks labeled Left and Right, (as if we didn't have enough to think about), these are great athletic socks.  Note, however, that the cotton is not nearly as thick as they used to be, and I find the build quality degrading a bit over time (but I still buy them every 6 months.)", "Great socks, my husband and I laughed because they have an R on the Right foot and Left on the left foot ....would have been great for the kids when they where little lol....comfortable and does the job!", "best socks ever, they feel great. They are made of a special matereial to keep feet cool. Also fit great made especially for each feet, they have an R and L on each sock.", "I know that FitDry stuff is supposed to be fitted, but these are downright tight. I wear an 11 shoe, so I bought the Large size (8-12). They are a struggle to get on, and my foot feels somewhat compressed in them. It's not like I cannot wear them, but they are tighter than I would like.Having said that, they definitely keep my feet drier than your run of the mill cotton socks, which is the point.", "These socks work great and fulfill their purpose. However, my problem is that they wear quickly. If you are an avid runner, the socks will become worn from washing quicker than wanted.", "The Nike FitDry Quarter socks are the first socks I have used to run in that are not, at least, ankle height. In the past I have run in quarter socks that have ended up in the toe of my shoe.  When you run 20 or 30 miles a day, this is a real inconvenience.In short, these socks are perfect in everyway. They retain their shape, no matter how far I run. They stay dry, which is great. They are light, while maintaining cushion on the bottom and in the calf area.More expensive than your usual hanes socks, but well worth the price.", "I bought a package of three Dri-Fit socks about 4-weeks ago and I enjoy these socks a lot.  They are a great and keep my feet cool during a high intensity workout.  They got the extra large set and have a size 12 shoe.  A good fit and knowing that they are made by Nike, I should have these for a long time.  Why 4-stars?  I have a tough time paying close to $20.00 for socks.", "that band on the top was too tightI'm a woman size 7 shoe and ordered men's large sockas they always tend to run snug - I could not leave theseon as top band too tight", "Most comfortable sock I ever had. As soon as I wore the first pair I ordered more. They fit perfectly.", "Good quality socks.  What more can you say about socks?  They fit, they are comfortable, and the price was right.  Thank you Amazon.com.", "I bought these for my husband who is a size 12 but for some reason, a lot of the regular sport socks shrink up too much or just don't fit right. He loves these socks!  Would definitely buy them again!", "These socks, while a bit pricey, do keep your feet nice and dry during long runs. Coupled with a breathable shoe, they have helped me really cut down blisters which I was getting with more traditional cotton sport socks.", "I run three times a week and my last pack of three lasted over 18 months.  I just received this order and the quality and fit are the same as the original order.  I cannot see myself ever running in a different pair of socks.", "My husband has sensitive feet and is very happy with these socks, they fit well, cushion his feet, and keep him comfortable.", "I was very excited for my husband who works outdoors to try these socks.  I got them home and made sure I got the right size:  large, for a men's shoe size 8-12.  I went to take them out of the package and immediately noticed that they were tiny.  I tried them on my WOMEN'S size 8 foot and they were barely big enough for me.  There is no way my husband could wear these socks.  The material barely stretches and once again they are far too small to be considered for a man's size 8-12 foot.  Perhaps a WOMEN'S size 6-8.", "These fit like a fine glove. They feel great on my feet for every day use and for workouts. They have been good in cold and hot weather as well.However. They Stain like no piece of cloting I have ever purchased. Every Pair stained permenantly dingy brown within two washes. I cannot wear these with Sandals because of this. They fine synthetic fibers pill up badly after the first wash and dry as well. I am careful not to over heat/dry my clothese and this was still an immediate problem.I will not buy these socks again at this price based on durabililty and stainability.", "Great socks, fit and dry during sport so I can have better feet movement. Left and right sock provide the unique fit.", "&#34; awesome deal !&#34; is all i wanted to say,! but then I got a flag because I did not write at least 17 words ?! wtf.", "I've worn these socks for the last three years and only now they're starting to fall apart at the toe. I machine wash and dry these and wear them almost every day. I love the L&R fit. It's so much more comfortable than cheaper socks which can be used on either foot.", "My Husband Loves Them! What more can I say.  If a man likes something AND asks you to order more for him there must be something mighty right about it. Right, huh? He says they support his feet and they feel good on. He loves them!", "Socks were exactly what I expected. They were a very snug fit which I prefer. I also like the L and R designation on each sock. Overall just nice socks for casual or sporting purposes.", "They seem to be fine, a little bit pricey but I hope that they last longer than regular ones. Good quality overall.", "COmfy socks and a great fit.  I did not know that they were labeled L and R, but that is fine with me. (Helps me remember)", "Note the thin top of socks in the picture...I have a number of pair like these and cant find in the store anymore.  The socks I received are the standard Dri-Fit material rather than the ultra thin material you see in the picture.  I can use them anyway.", "I really like these socks. They combine the thickness and durability of a good basketball sock with the coolness and moister wicking of a running sock. They provide good support too. I've been using them for games every week for over a month and I've been very happy.", "No high my expectations, I asked for the black and white sent in black. The color is the problem ok", "Love it perfect the shoes for not wearing big socks appreciate service socks are very comfortable hope others use as well", "Fantastic, comfortable,  best socks i have ever owned.  I would recommend and would definitely buy again.  Probably only socks i will buy from now on", "Socks are comfortable, keep your feet warm and dry and they stay where they are! I also have the crew and low cut drifit socks and they are all awesome!", "Its so hard to find quality black quarter cut socks. Nike seems to be the best bet for me, however they have become really hard to locate, even at the Nike stores.", "My son wears these for running/cross country/everyday wear.  He says they work well, no blisters and fit his size 14-15 feet. There's a little orange R or L on the socks to indicate right/left.  I think they are slightly differently padded for those feet.  Murphy's law says I can only seem to find all rights or lefts in any give load of laundry, so that gets a little annoying, but he likes them.", "I ordered a large and the fit was tight, but liveable. Then after a washing, they were VERY VERY tight. Not happy.", "Toes were cotton material, either I didn't read the description well or I just expected the whole sock to be like that dry fit material. My other pair from a different brand was. It fits well and is comfortable. I tried these for the price because I spent $30 elsewhere.", "This is my third or fourth set of these socks. These socks are very well built and constructed such that the elastic in the sock does not stretch or wear out. The sock maintains its integrity and good looks as a result of the very well constructed sock. I highly recommend these socks for anyone looking for a long-lasting high quality sock.", "Wow.  Amazing fit, custom fit for r/l feet, breathe really well, exactly the cushion you want in exactly the right spots.  These are the best socks I've ever worn.", "The socks are too small to fit my size 10 feet. It is even more disappointing to find out, after I've washed them, that there are more left foot socks than right foot. Now that I've opened the packages up, I can't return them. So I'm stuck with 5 pairs of unbelievably tight socks and 2 extra pairs of left foot socks (I bought two packs). Yuck!", "I love these socks.  After trying them a year ago I bought some more recently off of amazon.  These are perfect for the gym or really anytime.  They fit snugly and haven't yet gotten stretched out.  My old socks were causing blisters but with these my feet feel great!", "These socks are rated for 8-12 shoe size; I'm a pretty solid size 9.  They fit perfectly off the rack.  After one wash, they shrink a little, but stretch back into a good fit immediately after putting them on.  If your foot is a size 10, the socks might be a little small, but still OK.  If you're 11 or 12, they won't fit.The perspiration wicking is decent.  My cotton socks get soaked and stay soaked.  These don't.  It's neither better than nor worse than the other non-cotton socks I've tried, though.The sole feels thick; I could feel the terry cloth on my sole the entire time I was running and cycling.  It feels good, but it is thicker than more traditional exercise socks likeWrightsock Anti-Blister Double Layer Running II Quarter Sock.  If you want a thin-feeling sock, this isn't it.The upper layer of the sock is quite thin except for a little bit that covers the front knuckle of the toes.  This is pretty much the same as for all exercise socks.There is a ribbed rather elastic portion that runs around the middle of the sock perpendicular to the foot at the arch of the foot.  This is probably what the sock means when it says it has \"arch support\".  No, it doesn't have arch support at all; it's just extra clingy around the middle of the foot.  It feels rather nice.-1 star for bad sizing data-2 star for bad pricing (this would be -0stars if Amazon sold at $8/3p, which is what I paid elsewhere).", "These where hard to find in the XL size and even though they fit ok they are a little tight to slip on. I wear a size 13", "I like the sizing, fabric, breathability, and left / right refrenes of these socks.  Black socks don't get the brown sweat and dirt stains that white socks do.  These are really comfortable.", "I ordered a large for my husband without knowing exactly his size because they don't really give a good chart to compare with but it turned out he fits them perfectly. He wears a size 9.5 US....so the large fits great. I also got him the no show socks but got it in med and its still ok because it's supposed to sit low.", "Great fit, very comfortable, would recommend to anyone. Follow the recommend sizes. I bought larg instead of medium like usual and they fit perfect.", "For a long time I was the kind of person who wore $1 socks with $100 shoes. Recently I re-thought that proposition and upgraded my athletic sock collection to the Nike dri-fit socks as well as similar offerings from Adidas and Gold Toe. Out of the three I prefer the Nikes because the Gold Toes are not as snug and the Adidas bottoms and elastic wore out the fastest. The L and R designations are a bit over the top for me and I always seem to pull up three \"Ls\" from my sock drawer before I can find a matching \"R\", but that's a small price to pay for comfort and durability.", "Subject line says all.They are nice to wear when hiking. I wear Solomon Trail runners and they work perfect for them because they allow in air and I like a good thin sock. I just need to take care of them better I think.I buy REI socks and other brands I've not really heard of before. Socks are an interesting product because It is not always easy to find one you really like that fits your foot well. These are among my first choice in summer socks for hiking or running unless I can find something better, I will always be buying different socks with this design in mind to try them out.", "I'm certainly not a fanatical runner, but I do run quite a bit. I have flat feet, and am a heel/toe runner, so the cushioning in the Air Pegasus is perfect for me. Not the lightest running shoe, but they breathe fine and keep my feet cool", "This is the only shoe my husband will wear. He loves the Nike Pegasus. This year's shoes was a little to neon for him, so we ordered these. He loves them!!!", "Due to my weigth (200+ pounds) I need extra cushion. The shoe is very comfortable, comes with Nike+. Is the Correct size.", "This shoe lacks cushioning for the toes and mid area.  Not good if you going to be cross training you can hurt your toes which are the weakest bones on the feet.  Good for running on pavement and heel striking", "I've been using this backpack every day now for the last few months, and it's quickly become one of my favorites. It has an awesome, sleek look, and the perfect pocket setup: the \"stash\" pocket running all the way across is great compared to comparable ones, it includes an extra-thick section for keys to prevent them from scratching things (which has come in very handy), and the compartment room is adequate for my current daily load.Obviously, needs vary, but I figured with something like a back pack the most helpful thing would be to give a pretty firm idea of the space based on my load. I currently carry five spirals, three folders, a 160-sheet pack of looseleaf paper, A 3/4\" thick textbook, a Kindle with case, and my lunch without any problem whatsoever.I'm not really even close to a pro backpack reviewer, but if anyone has any questions, make sure and leave a comment!", "This is my third NIKE 90 that I got to my 6 years old son. It is very durable besides the high quality it is made.", "I received this shirt and it was extremely big for a large. I purchase many Nike products and I'm comfortable enough with the sizing to order the normal size my husband wears. I went to return this product and the seller didn&#8217;t send me a return label so I would have had to pay to send it back. The shirt was $19.99 and it was going to cost me $13.99 to send this product back. I am now stuck with a product that is way too big because of this seller. I would not recommend buying anything from this seller unless you want to be stuck with a pricey return if you are not satisfied with the product.", "The product came damaged! So disappointment with the product, I don't think I could buy again this kind of product.", "6'1&#34;, apx. 175-180 lbs. I bought the Large. Fits a little loose, but not bad. Just depends if you're looking for a tight fitting work out shirt or loose. Can't go wrong with Nike Dri-Fit though. Excellent material. I've bought 2 of these, and will probably get some more.", "I really love this shirt. I bought 2 of them and could not be more happy with them. Material is light and breaths. They look good and fit good. I might buy another one. I washed them both several times and they did not shrink at all so the fit is still perfect.", "Very soft and comfortable. No shrinkage. Does retain odor so wash 'em! A little more than some plain Tees, but well worth it to me.", "Nice Tshirt. I would buy another one even it is a little bit expensive, it's well made and looks pretty good. Thanks.", "It is a bit big for me but that is my fault.  Y bought XL and it seems i'm not that big!! jejeAs soon as i can, i'll try to buy a L...", "I would recommend this for someone looking for a good sports tshirt that runs smooth on your skin. I cannot say if the Dri-Fit technology of Nike is something extraordinary, that i do not know. However, it is a good tshirt for the price.", "Great product as always. Just note that these run a little big. I found that one size smaller will fit perfect. Other than that, overall great product.", "con la calidad de siempre nike destaca e sus productos siendo comoda y de buena calidad a un buen precio", "It was OK when I wore it but after a while I discovered that it seemed to attract more white particles", "Good quality workout tee. Wear it all the time, keeps me dry, looks nice, barely shrinks if u hang dry it, and shipped to me quickly. Another awesome transaction with Nike. Thanks", "I wear it as an undershirt for the gym.However the next time, I will just wear this shirtI sweat a lot so the cotton shirts become heavy and look awful.This material is great. I have to see how it fit after a few washes to give it a higer rating.", "This tee will be good for my son's College baseball games.  The adult small ran a little large but he will probably grow into it.", "very nice tshirt feels so great and for the price is just amazing i will defenitely buy more of this... But if you are from central america and your size is L you must buy this in M size", "I wear size Medium. But this item somehow is kinda long and like the width is large. Doesn't really match the actual medium size.", "You can order one size smaller than your usual size. It runs a size larger. Otherwise, it is pretty good. You paid for the cool Nike check mark.", "i ordered several dri fit shirts and the sizing was waaaayyyy off. not sure if these are actual nike shirts it was so off. i ordered mediums and they were huge.i promptly returned to the seller with delivery confirmation, and when they left notice that they were delivered, he never bothered to call the post office for a re-delivery or to pick them up.  they were sent back to me after a month of waiting, and when i complained to the seller, he just told me to re-send them.i asked for him to pay for the re-return shipping, and he refused.DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER. an online vender needs to have a reasonable return policy and he clearly does not.side note - buying shirts online was clearly a i bad idea in hindsight due to sizing issues, but that was my mistake which i won't make again.", "Fit was excellent!  If you are looking for a present for your guy that is always hot, this shirt is perfect!", "It was a good product but I ordered a maroon shirt and when I got the product it was black", "Light and airy - but it doesn't fit as well as UA stuff - not sure why - thus the 3 stars - I'll use it for work outs.", "Best dri fits I've ever owned I've got 3-4 other ones of these all different colors I'd wear these all the time !", "Picture makes it look like it has a fade in it but it is all black. Still a great shirt but not what i wanted.", "I work out outside the southeast and generally speaking when it is humid none of the 5 other brands I have tried help much with heat and humidity. The N dry-Fit is very inexpensive compared to other top of the line wickking type shirts I have worn over the years and works as good or better than them too. I woulds highly recommend these shirts to anyone who needs a comfortable wicking shirt at a great price point.", "Loved this shirt. It fit great and it arrived on time in perfect condition and in the right amount of packaging. I was very pleased.", "I ordered a small based on the reviews, but even the small size looks like a tent on me... I am in a good shape, 5' 10, athletic. This model (I even wonder if it is a real Nike even though it has the swoosh and the nike labels inside) fits terribly. Too long, neck too broad, very thin fabric. Very disappointed.", "Awesome, love the dri-fit, it is the best shirt you can get for a hot day outside, it is cool and fits well", "this i a light shirt it would be great to wear in the summernice to wear in lots of places.bought several nice nike t-shirts these is as goodas anyone knows you can't beat nike shirts,shoes or anything with nike on it if there are something wrongWalmart will replace it they have great return policy.nike you have qualityBILL MARTIN", "I bought one and liked it well enough that I got all the colors now. They have fast become my favorite go to shirt. I live in Texas and these are great in the hot months. I ordered a large. I weigh 185 and it fits like it was made for me.", "Great buy!Shirts do exactly what they promise.  Light-weight, comfortable, moisture-wicking.  Great for the tropics.  My husband loves the shirts.  I bought him 3 more!", "My husband plays in a band and it gets very hot and sweaty after a couple of hours!  These shirts look great under a jacket and help keep the musicians cooler and more comfortable hour after hour.", "Most comfortable shirt ever, arrived very quickly, what more could you ask for, except would like to have more color choices!", "I bought this shoe from another online merchant at least a couple of years back.  I play a lot of footie on turf and wanted something besides my regular turf shoes - something I thought might be better in the rain.  I was not disappointed.  These shoes are comfortable, durable and pretty light. The cleat design works really well on turf without being too grippu(dangerous on turf) and like a normal FG shoe on grass. They are not the most comfortable leather but I have had nothing but bad experiences durability wise with Kangaroo leather and similar thin leathers.  My shoes usually blow out within a year.  Anyhow, I've used these shoes on the crappy grass fields and one several different turf fields for over 2 years and they are just now starting to show signs of being on their way out - some stitches coming apart, lace holes blown out.  They have served me well and I will be buying a similar shoe very soon.", "I bought these for fall/winter soccer.  We play on a mix of turf & grass fields and I needed a 2nd pair of cleats for rainy weather.  I usually prefer turf shoes but these will be dual use.  I like the Nike Tiempo line, have been buying them for years.  Good solid cleat for the money and will last 2 seasons.", "The picture shows the shoes as being rather high from the heel up.  Must have been the angle of their picture.  I really needed a shoe that would be high enough to support my ankle but it does not do that.  It was a waste of money for me. I well give them 2 stars for their fast service.", "Great made in USA sock (IF) you have skinny smaller than average feetSock seems to be contstructed well and as always it is an added plus they are made in the USA but I'd swear it was sized for Chinese feet.  These socks are not what I would call a men's large.  I am a size 11 and I could NOT get them on my feet.  Ended up giving them to a woman since they fit her ok.", "I only purchased these socks because they are made in the USA, and I am proud to support american workers.  Unfortunately these socks run small.  My husband is a shoe size 11 and I purchased the correct size sock for him, but they nearly cut off blood flow to his foot.  They are so tight I had to go and buy him different ones.  Order the next size up for your shoe size.", "Honestly, what kind of B.S.? My past few amazon orders have gone down the drain. I honestly am losing faith in this site...", "I'm a real bag junkie!  This one is lightweight and perfect for summer. It has plenty of room and though I tend pack light in the summer, it seems rugged enough for trips to the beach or pool.  I like the style and got this one on sale for 1/2 price. I grabbed it.  I own bags by other makers that over super durable and tend to be on the heavy side.  This one is Stylish, lightweight, and rugged enough for tossing in the car or on the back for a bike ride down to the local watering hole.", "I bought this for a gift for my husband. He loved it and they really look so good. What a great value the regular price is crazy it was a great saving buying them on Amazon.", "I made this puchase for my son and he likes it a lot. He's a very active person so it's perfect for him. Very durable and very fashionable. He get's lots of compliment...they had many colors and I would buy another one in a different color...", "Fit perfectly and the UVA UVB protection is great.  I was a little disappointed by the Nike term Golf Tint, the green grass was a bland or dull green, no bright look to it.  I was hoping for Blue tint so I could use while swinging at the ball.  I'll still use them, but between shots.  Again love the look and feel, by solid construction and quality, and fits perfect..", "More than I expected!  I received my frames not sure if the would work seeing my old frames were discontinued, so I took the  three numbers off my old Nike frame and kept my fingers crossed! although the model number was no match, the glass frames in the picture looked the same!  to my surprise! The frames not only fit my lens perfect, but they had a magnetic pair of sunglasses that attached to the new frames also! Delivery was faster than expected and the quality was excellent !  Thank you!", "These Nike glasses are great; comfortable and being polarized they are great on the real sunny days. Usually go for Oakley's, but, Nike has some nice styles for sport and casual.", "Size, price and design. Can't complaint. The lense color is a little darker than in the picture. It has a nice feel and are very light, quite confortable. Used it while riding my quad of rough roads, fits with helmet on too. Great buy.", "I had been looking for a rimless pair of glasses to replace my old favorite Oakleys. I saw them in the store and ended up buying them online for $139.  Well worth the price!  I wore these to an all day outdoor sporting event and they ended up being more comfortable than my pair I assumed irreplaceable.  They are lightweight and comfortable and a great fit.  I see now they are available for under $100.  Great value - I am going to buy another pair as a backup!", "I bought these sunglasses for my boy friend. He loves them. They come with a heavy duty case, tint towel and care instructions. These glasses are very light on his face and he can wear them comfortably all day on the job or in the boat.", "I ordered these and a few days later i was contacted and they advised me this color was out of stock - I contacted the seller and the customer support was great. They gave me the option to wait for the item to be in stock ( 2-3 weeks), however, i requested a different color. They had no issues changing the color i requested and my glasses arrived right on time. I was promised a free cleaning kit with my order due to the item not being available and it still hasn't arrived but over all they have pretty good support.", "Great looking pair of sunglasses, with a retro look, a bit aviator style. Works with elongated faces too. The lenses are a little reflective like mirrors, but not ridiculously so. Cool aspect overall.", "a year with this excellent product, i just  recommend it 100%, it is worth, look really nice, very modern and flexible", "Wow", "My grandaughter is in love with these shoes. They are actually men's shoes... but then she's 5'111/2\"... One of her favorite singers wears them.", "Been wearing Niky sunglasses for a while, but this one is just perfect...ProsPrice was goodClear visionPretty good shape and materialsConsI would like it had interchangable lenss, but is not a big deal!", "My husband LOVES this golf shirt.  The quality is fantastic and the color is perfect for summer golf.  He can't wait to wear this the next time he goes out! Seems to fit true to size.  Love it!", "bought this jacket for winter running, but then used it for cycling, working out, even just wearing around town as it's a nice looking light jacket. wear it with a tight compression long sleeve shirt, you'll be warm and toasty. great product!!", "Bought this for my little 8 year old cousin and what can I say it holds all his books, supplies, and cute!", "These are excellent sunglasses for golfing and any other activities. Great price from RBG as well.Good for overcast low light days, really brings out the texture if you will.", "muy buena calidad la de esta chaqueta, 100% original y garantizado, no tengo ninguna queja relacionado con este producto, a todos les encanta mi nueva chaqueta...", "took an XL when I usually wear a large.  Bought for cold weather runnning.  Appears to be perfect for that. (haven't had a chance to use it yet that why 4 stars) Not real thin like the lady windfly jacket which I also love when its not quite so cold.  But when it's zero outside and windy the windfly wasn't quite enough for me but I am not a hard core runner anymore.  Just a couple of miles.  Storm fly could also be a nice jacket to wear to the store too.", "It's the first time I use this brand clothes, and I must say it is a very comfortable, lightweight flannel, I recommend this seller.", "My husband bought this and didn't realize that it is NOT the form-fitting running vest that he usually buys from Nike. Apparently, that one is like $20 more if you want slim-fit. Now unfortunately we're stuck with an extra-wide running vest that we can't return because it came from the UK and by the time it came in the mail, our return window from the purchase date had expired.", "These are great.  They really do what they're supposed to do.  Functional, stylish.  You feel and look good in them.  Breathes well.", "Hot to death. I get many compliments on these Nike's!! Wish they came in neon orange or neon pink. Would buy those too", "Es muy liviana. Comoda y se ajusta muy bien para cualquier actividad deportiva. El precio es bastante atractivo. Recomendamos este producto.", "Good value, holds up well to washing. I love this shirt.  Buy 3 and enjoy for all your indoor and outdoor use.", "Definitely had to say I love this shirt. I bought it to run in and it feels light and breathable. I got mine from Nike.com.I will definitely be buying more. If your thinking about buying, trust me, you won't be sorry! I love everything about this shirt.", "I am 6'3\" and ordered these in XL. On me, they are not 3/4 pants, more like basketball shorts. Still, besides the length, they fit nicely and the material feels pleasant.", "If you want to be unique, in fashion, and promote your personal style, these Nike Flexon Eyeglasses with Magnet Clip will definitely make a statement anywhere you go . I have six Nike Flexons with Mag-Clip in different styles and colors and again the thing is \" ALWAYS BE UNIQUE \" .", "These shorts are great... they look good, you can't beat the quality, it's Nike. What else is there to say? Well, the sizing on these is on the small side. For example, the small size fit and look great on my son, who just turned 12, is 5'5\" and 130 lbs. So, how these men's shorts would fit on a man is somewhat questionable, unless he's a really small man. You may want to order a size up, just saying.", "Nice snug fit and is well made. I tend to wear a t shirt underneath as the fleece liner tends to make me itch in a few places. This could be as I am more sensitive to materials than other people. Other than that it is a great product.", "BUENA CONCEPCION DEL PRODUCTO, MATIENE REALMENTE CALIENTE LA TEMPERATURA CORPORAL EN LOS DIAS DE ENTRENAMIENTO CON FRIO. FUE ENTREGADO EN EL TIEMPO ESTABLECIDO SIN CONTRATIEMPOS, Y VALE CADA CENTAVO PAGADO POR ESTA PRENDA.", "My son was very happy with this shirt. He now has two of them. Light weight material but I let them hang dry. No dryer.", "Did anyone notice they mention FEET in the product description?  - \"Nike Dri-FIT fabric wicks away moisture to help keep feet dry and comfortable\".This is a jacket, right?", "You'll never beat Amazons prices. This cleat was $45 more in the stores. If you're searching for Nike products at an affordable price....look no further. Awesome buy folks!", "Eye catching watch.  My friend in Thailand loves it and gets lots of compliments when he wears it. This is a popular brand there", "Excellent for sporting practice, my daughter love it and use it every time she play tennis . looks great, very confortable , light and great looking.", "Just recieved the package when I open the box, the product that was inside was not the Nike Triax watchvery so frustrating.Romeo D.", "I have been very pleased with all the Pro Combat products I've purchased and this is no exception.  The mock top is a great fit (I'm 6'4\" (194cm) and the sleeve and torso length are perfect), very warm and extremely comfortable.I'm planning on picking up another one here in the near future.", "I recently purchased these football cleats for my son. They are wonderful and offers great ankle support and a fantastic cleat pattern. Go Nike! Great job and designing these shoes!", "The fit, material and look of these socks are excellent. The only reason I give them 4 stars is because grass and other debris from the course gets stuck in the sock and doesn't even come out in the wash.  Still my favorite golf socks by far.", "I love these socks, in as much as anyone can get excited about socks. I have size 11 feet and they're a good fit. The left and right are specifically tailored which I didn't expect (one has an L and the other R stitched into it). For summer these are perfect, I'm buying more.", "Hmmm, when I got these they were a small fit on my USA sized11 foot.  In addition the material is very slippery.  I suggest washingthem--but, don't dry them or you'll kill the material--a couple times.", "My husband swears by these socks........he claims best socks on the market. Would recommend them for anyone!!! Try and you will see why!", "These sock fit great and I love that you know which foot to put them on.  Its said right and left.  Veery comfortable.", "I had high hopes after reading some of the other reviews, but these socks like all other anklet socks I have tried bundled up in the bottom of my shoe.", "Wish they were made here.... Otherwise I would say they were great but instead they are just what I call nice.", "This was a mistake for me. I wear size 12 socks and these slid down at the heel. I gave them to my wife and they are okay for her.", "EXCELLENT PRODUCT AND SERVICE. QUALITY SOCKS THAT KEEP YOUR FEET DRY. NOT TOO THICK AND EXTRA SUPPORT AT HEEL. EVEN TELLS YOU WHICH SOCK GOES ON WHICH FOOT.", "Basically I received a defective batch of these socks. I contacted the company, 3balls golf, and they emailed me next day to let me know they were processing my refund! Thanks for not making the transaction a nightmare. Kudos on your customer service! 3 bals golf gets 5 stars from me, but I have to take a star off because the product was defective.", "it is a good product but i'd like that it was a 100% cotton, after all it's ok for me", "The smell of the leggings is terrible. I washed them twice and they still stink...I would have been better off buying some from Walmart. .", "Fits great and is extremely durable. After every exercise day I wash it and dry it. No issues with holes or tearing. Great buy...", "My wife bought it and it's so comfortable and fresh. In fact, she's going to buy another one right away.", "I fell in love with tennis skirts this summer.  These are so comfortable and go with everthing!  They are very adorable on and the shorts underneath didn't ride up like others do, at least not on me.", "I run at least three times a week and skorts on my favorite above shorts. This phone is cute and comfortable can't ask for more.", "Found, ordered, and recived in less than 7 days.Great job Amazon.com.The blazers are the coolest and very  comfortable.Looked everywhere then there they were.The rest is history and in my closet.", "la chaqueta espectacukar, muy encantada con los productos sigan asi de responsables asi no perderan clientes, feliz contenta, solo q envian paquetes muy grandes traten de enviar en paquetes compactos gracias", "it stinks up quick even if you are not running in it. material is lacking for the price. overall ok", "Best running jacket I have every had. Wish they still made these.  It is light weight, jet protect from rain and (some) wind. The sleeves can be taken off (zipped) - which I do fairly often during running. It has a clips to keep your head phone wire nicely running on the inside of the jacket to your side pocket.Very well done design.", "Bought it for her to wear under her clothes during the spring and summer months here in New England. Fits well and she's happy, so that makes me happy!", "Nice material, lightweight and airy. Great for running, they run on the short side so would not recommend for the gym (especially for those bench pressing ((use your imagination))  Oh, these are not lined if you are curious about that.", "In dec 2010 bought a dri-fit in california, the price was $25. I am extremely happy with that shirt. I was looking for a similar dri-fit at amazon and I thought this one could have a similar quality compared with the one that I own. However I was wrong this Medium size is like a Large size, it is huge! and the shirt-sleeves are not proportional and the materials are poor.I am really disappointed I will have to re-sell it or to place it in the garbage. It definitively  does not worth the money!", "Seriously, they're great sunglasses. But don't buy them. I don't want everyone else to have them. Then we'd all look silly because we'd all have the same sunglasses. Man, that would be really awkward.", "These sunglasses are a great find for the price point. Can't go wrong with these shades for the summer time.", "These are my first pair of Nike sunglasses, Nike Adrenaline Polarized Matte Black/Grey.They look amazing, the lens quality is on the same level as Oakley. The frame seems very sturdy, durable, and have a sporty look to them.My only con is they fog up a little bit, hence the 4 stars and not 5.", "I love my new sunglasses!  great fit, just as described not a scratch on them.  I will order antoher pair.", "LOVE them!Comfortable and great wearing.Good wrap style.Not to thin.Look good on a female face.Highly recommend.", "There is nothing special about these glasses. In fact they feel kinda cheap compared to quality pairs like Costa or Maui Jim. However, they look great on my face, have decent lenses and are waaaaay cheaper then most other quality polarized sunglasses. I am very satisfied with my purchase!", "I saw these on retail for $120, got them for about $70 on Amazon.  Very stylish, looks and feels great on.  I usually buy the cheap $15-20 throw away sunglasses.  The level of quality is much noticeably greater.  Couldn't be happier with my buy.", "They fit well and look great but the lenses get scuffed up way too easily. Looks like I need to get them replaced shortly.", "I bought these because I wanted to have a pair of sunglasses to play golf in and possibly flag football without them slipping off my face.  They fit almost too good as where the glasses contact my ear becomes sore after wearing these for a prolonged period of time.  Overall I am happy with the product and the price on Amazon.", "Work well, but I like them a bit smaller.  The actual ones I wanted have been discontinued.  Still alright I guess", "I got these in black for running. I found they fit well even though I have a narrower face. They sit comfortably and feel very light. They're on the bigger side - larger than a typical pair of Oakleys - but don't look too big.The plastic is lower-quality than I expected. It seems just a little bit cheap, in part because of its glossy finish, but also the feel of opening and closing the arms.", "I bought these glasses as an anniversary present for my husband. He's a pretty big guy and has a hard time finding large glasses that are comfortable, big enough and stylish (my word, not his). These fit the bill. We did a 100+ mile bike ride and they were awesome. I was secretly hoping he wouldn't love them as much as he does; he won't share. Guess I need to buy a pair for myself.", "I gave them to my wife and she loves them. They were an excelent present. she looks nice, and they make their work.", "These are cool retro looking glasses, but they are slightly feminine in their curves, especially on longer faces. The color is fun.", "I JUST LOVE IT! fits well into my face and the colour is amazing!!!!Great sun protection!!! no fogging at all.", "The look is greatThe optical quality is very goodGood case to protect the sunglasses when storedI love it", "Not to dark or brite and comes with two lenses. I live in miami, florida so I can use year round for golf.", "I bought a gray and a white top in this style...they wash well and fit great!  I wear them a lot and would purchase more later on...When I bought them initially(from the product description), I thought that they were made with the dri-fit material, but they are just V-neck cotton tees...still like them though...That is the main reason I gave it 4 stars...", "have never received the shirt.I ordered 1 tennis shirt & 1 tennis shorts.you mailed me 2 tennis shorts instead...", "Finally able to get an Auburn Championship shirt in my lifetime. This shirt is not only great looking but is well made and fits perfectly. I would recommend to anyone. War Eagle!", "This bag is made of very sturdy materials.  Perfect size for one change of clothes or shoes.Priced lower than any we've seen in retail stores.", "I had to order from Nike.com because the place on here took my order, but after waiting for a week, they emailed me and said they didn't have my item, did I want my money back?...no, just keep it.", "These cleats are very nice quality and look great. My son wears a size 9 though so I was surprised the 11.5 fit. I thought he'd grow into them. Still his favorite Christmas present so very worth it, just might not have them as long.", "It's okay for short, light workouts.  It does evaporate sweat and it's very lightweight.  Probably fine for the casual runner, or a 5k race.  However, I found that, on my longer runs, it chafes.  Ouch.  I don't know if it's the material, or the salt from my sweat making it more stiff over time, but I ended up only wearing this thing a few times.  Then I got rid of it.  For more serious distance runners, I recommend the Nike Dri-Fit Touch Tailwind Singlet.  It's just as light, but softer and more stretchy.", "$3 cheaper from this seller in the UK....but got here not much later than 7 days.The singlet itself makes sweat just disappear.It's great for the gym & insanity /P90x type work out.You feel like you are going topless but not being inappropriate about it.Nothing like Nike-DryFit.Yeah you could get a Road Runner version for $5 cheaper like I did but it seems heavier & doesn't fit as nice to show off your newly ripped body from working out in this singlet!", "Have it in numerous colors. Great to wear to the gym and wipes the sweat away so you can hit the weights even harder.", "My husband loves this shirt and wears it when he exercises.  Of course Nike products usually live up to their name so this was expected quality.", "So I have been purchasing Under Armour compression shorts for athletic use of course. I love them. I previous purchased Russell Athletic and Champion athletic undershirts, but got annoyed by the amount of \"thread pulls\" on those shirts. I decided to look into the athletic cotton shirts. I first purchased the Under Armour Charged Cotton, and liked them until my mother bought me some Nike Dri-Fit Cotton shirts. I love these shirts, I find the fit of these shirts much better than the UA shirts. They feel very comfortable. I have bought roughly ten of them in the past few months, and I am a strong believer in the quality of this product. And this coming from a person who generally buys Adidas.", "Best hoodie.  Only thing even close is the Champion hoodie, in my opinion. I have both, so the comparison is sound. There are generally around the same price, and rightly so.", "i now own two of these. looks great and also has a really soft fleece inner, and very warm. arrived quickly tooI tried the adidas equivalent first.. the hooded flock, and found this nike hoodie to be much better quality and the same price", "Me encanto esta T-Shirt, me quedo super bien, el material es muy liviano muy apropiado para los que nos encantan los deportes y  siempre compro XS raz&oacute;n por la cual seleccione esta misma talla y fue muy adecuado. la recomiendo.", "They said it was out of stock even though I had already paid for it and suggested a different white one for me. I accepted the alternative but when it came it was blue, identical to one I already had.", "Mid sized wristwatch. Has everything you could need. Very accurate and very comfortable to wear. Lightweight and low profile. I have a large wrist and this watch band fits perfectly with four notches to go. The altimeter is extremely accurate as I had read before. The Oregon has many features including hourly chime and that's hard for me to find.the alarms and the countdown features are really nice to have.", "The medium that I selected seems like a large size to me. The hoodie covers a third of my thigh. Typically mediums fit right around my hips.", "Not even the one it shows on the picture, the one they give you is a 30 dollar sweatshirt for 55 dollars im sending it back.", "me encantoo m e p a  r e e c e q u e s e l as s u p i e r o n  csofv", "the product was as advertised when it arrived. when purchasing online, without seeing the product and being able to try it on if it is a clothing item, you can never be sure it is what you wanted when deciding to purchase but this item was exactly as it appeared in the advertisment. The fact that you can see the item from different angles in the ad was helpful.", "my son loves this hooded top it is probably his favorite top to wear - can't get the hood off him.", "I bought this fleece for something to wear on the cooler days.  It is very comfy and soft, and the fit on me was excellent (Medium size)I have also recently used it while jogging and it serves this purpose well. It isn't overly restrictive and keeps me nice and warm. Fair pricing on the quality. All in all, im happy and it was a worthwhile buy.", "The fleece feels warm & looks great.  I am happy with my purchase that got here super, super fast!  I just don't know what everyone was talking about regarding a pocket for securing an mp3 player.  I've seen no pockets, but that's not a big deal.  It looks great on me.  I am 6'3\" 175lbs & the XL fits great.", "Bought in one size larger for my hubby for christmas....he requested the one size larger for added room.  Washed very well, no fading in the color and no shrinkage in the size.  He loves it!", "Great fabric, warm and comfortable. I plan to buy other sweaters from nike. Fits well, actually a medium. I would recommend this sweater.", "This is item was exactly what I wanted and it arrived a day before i thought it would be here", "This item was requested by my Grandson for Christmas and he certainly liked it because he wore home that night and I have seen it on him numerous times.", "My girlfriend got this hoodie for me for valentines day bc she was tired of seeing me wear the same hoodie everyday. Arrived on time. Its nice and soft with cool metal tips on the strings with the nike logo. Simple but nice product that I have really enjoyed", "The shoes are so stiff they will not bend... I would like to return them...I have the box they came in but there was no paper work ...", "Even though I didn't need another pair of white golf shoes I couldn't resist and pair of Nikes for such a great price..  Always a good way to go with Nike.", "I gave these golf shoes one star because I liked the way they looked, but I cannot believe they were Nikes. They were very stiff and plastic-like. Not comfortable as soon as I put them on. Can't imagine walking a golf course in them. I didn't hesitate to order them on line because I have several pair of Nike golf shoes that I love.", "It makes my wife's feet bloody. And hard to return. I doubt if it's true Nike?I recommend you to buy Nike by authentic sites or shops.", "What can you say about socks. So far so good,  They seem like good quality. My son will only wear Nike socks and he likes them.", "I ordered these socks a while ago and was so impressed with them. I wear them nearly every day and they still show no signs of wear. They are so durable and last forever! They are great for working out or just wearing with tennis shoes. I would definitely recommend these!", "These socks shrank a lot after washing. My son has a size 13 foot. The ones we purchased were for 13-15. Fit good when first worn, but shrank severely after washing. Not sure why. Hope they are not knock offs.", "The socks are made with great quality; but if you don't have calves that are stick thin, you're not going to be able to pull them up as high as they go. I wear a US size 9 and they just about fit my foot and that's with a size large. If your foot is any bigger than mine, I suggest you go with the XL.My product also arrived 5 days later than my estimated delivery date. It wasn't my local post office's fault in Philadelphia either. I checked the tracking and the day it arrived in Philadelphia, is the day I got the package. The seller didn't process my order for days. I won't be buying off this seller again.", "I love Nike as a company, and in fact have almost 20 pairs of Nike socks, but they always stretch out after just a few months.  I love the look, but won't be buying online again as I didn't know what to expect.  All in all, these aren't worth the price you spend, but hey if you want them for the Nike logo, then go ahead.", "Great Socks for the money!  Very Comfortable and durable!  In Black you can wear them with most anything.  AND.....Yes, I plan to definately re-order more!", "These are very affordable and wearable socks. They seem to keep their shape and don't sag even after repeated washings. I will buy these again", "Good comftoorble socks. They lasted a long year of football and baseball then finally got worn out i will purchase more one day", "As expected the fit and feel of these socks is great.  Bought these for my son.  He runs track and cross country and seems to go through socks and shoes like a banshee.  I think the Nike quality is clear in this product.", "I Bought these for my son for football and they were perfect. Fast shipment, and he was happy with them. They worked out fine", "My son was looking for a comfortable basketball sock to wear and I was looking for one that would last (he wears them out after only a couple of months)!  These have worked out well.", "Hello I Was Wondering If Im Able To Double Sock These Socks, Because That's What I Mostly Do With Nikes And The Customers Reviews Say They're To Small. I Am A Size 13-14 With Above Average Calf Muscle", "I bought these socks so that I would have a decent pair of nike socks to wear with all my shoes. After I opened them up from the packaging, I put them on. They were a little tight, but that's my fault for buying L instead of XL considering my shoe size is 13.5-14. I wore one pair of the socks one day, and then half of the day after because I was lazy and didn't want to change the pair. When I finally got the motivation to take a shower, I took the socks off and what do I know? There's a decent sized hole in one of them. I'm guessing that I just got a bad sock, but I am bummed because 16 dollars for three pairs of socks is a lot more than I usually spend. And now I only have 5 usable socks...... Oh well, the other pairs seem to be holding up fine!", "These socks are true-to-size. They do not slide down your leg or off of your feet, but at the same time, they do not fit too tight. They are good for workouts as well as for wearing to work.", "I bought these for my nephew because he only wears Nike (sigh...).  When I got them, I thought they were kind of thin, but he really likes them.  They probably won't last long, though....", "When the i team can it was very fast shipping but its 3 pairs at the mall i bought some that were 6 pair of nike socks for 18!", "I love the way it forms with my Feet i like that it is warm and Flexible and that it is Nike and i can were these with any of my shoes so they are really great.", "To tight in the legs for a size 15 sock!My legs would have deep sock lines in them from wearing these socks!I strongly belelive my surrculation was compromised!", "I wanted socks that had a shorter crew cut but these went almost above my boyfriends knees and he wears a size 13. Overall the socks are very well made though; they have thicker bottoms for comfort and seem like they will last him a long time. Thank you!", "I buy these socks for my son.  He needs the BIG size & I can't find it in local stores.  They are a nice, thick-but not too thick material.  I've found that they last 6-8 months before the top starts to stretch out.  And he wears them all the time.", "They do what they say. Keeps my feet dry and cool. The only issue I have is the tops are too tight around my calves. At times it cuts and rubs marks on my calves. So I just can't pull them all the way up.", "Terrific quality product that keeps your feet warm, dry and comfortable in bike shoes. Multi-texture weave is effective and holds up to repeated wearing and washing.", "I like the nike dry fit socks, especially the ones that are marked L and R for better fit. The description for these socks indicated they were the dry fit - they were not, and that they were fitted - they were not.Make sure before you order the wrong socks. These are ok, but not worth the $$$ I paid for them.", "It is hard to find socks that fit and these are perfect for my husband. Thank you.?If you go out to stores they do not carry the medium sizes. My husband was complaining that his socks were to big and hurt.. Guess now he will be happy.", "Once I received the socks, I immediately noticed that they were not as advertised, and featured an older version of the Nike crew cut socks, not the current, new version which they used as the image. This greatly disappointed me, because I felt like I had been lied to. Also, the packing on the socks was very hastily done, and consisted of globs of tape slapped onto the package. I was disappointed with the all-around experience, and would recommend buying from another seller.", "I'm really glad I finally decided to go online for socks instead of at local stores. Having socks that are actually the right size for my feet have been amazing.", "My feet sweat a lot from type II diabetes.  Regular cotton socks get soaked and my feet feel like they have been in water all day and hurt very bad.Regular cotton socks quickly loose their cushion and the netting feels like cheese-cloth cutting into my feet.My wife and I went to a sporting goods store and bought over $100.00 of different types of athletic socks to try them all.These socks wick the water away and I can walk a lot and stay on my feet longer, which helps the effects of diabetes.Get a pair of tennis shoes that breath well with these socks!!!", "I bought these socks about a year ago and they still fit and are very sturdy against the activities i do. a little pricey but im getting my moneys worth out of it. Two thumbs up!", "The swoosh is actually dark grey.  I contacted seller and they said the color has changed.  That's all fine and dandy but when you are purchasing for football uniform, then the color is fairly important.  The thing sold needs to be the thing in the picture, period.", "The dress standards today for young men vary a lot, these socks fit the bill, great for day to day wear as well as gym class and beyond, the cushion is great and they maintain their look after many washes. I recommend thes to anyone.", "Socks are perfect fit and quality.  I will buy this product again in the future for myself and my family", "I am not impressed.  I bought these to fit my size 13 feet--why is it so darn hard to find XL socks???  They fit fine the first time, but after washing they're way too short, painfully so.  I've tried stretching them, but they seem to have taken a pretty permanent \"set\".  Very disappointing.  I much prefer the Docker socks I bought at the same time;just as comfortable on first wear, and no shrinkage after washing. http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001VEID1M/ref=oh_details_o04_s00_i00", "I just bought more of these. They have never bagged on my feet or slide down in my boots. They did not thin out unevenly ether.", "I like the socks overall. I wanted some big socks that were going to feel soft, keep dry, and stay comfortable. These are it. Although they are a bit tight for wider feet. They fit well but are a bit tight. Overall a great exercise or sports sock!", "I bought these socks for my grandson and he loves them.  They're so soft that he even sleeps in them.  Thanks for the great service.  They arrived in no time and the quality of the socks is terrific.  Thank you.", "I LOVE THESE SOCKS BECAUSE I HAVE BIG FEET I HAVE TO ORDER XL. I WISH I COULD FIND XXL SOMEWHERE", "Great socks for my 11 year old son. He is a size 8. I wear 13.5 and these socks are junk. Not as advertised!", "My husband is 6'4\" with size 15 feet. Needless to say it is difficult to find socks for him as most stores don't carry past a 12 or 13 standard size sock, which he ends up buying anyway and wears holes very quickly in the large toe area. I bought these for him last year, good quality, comfortable and no holes yet! He loves them. I'll be ordering more for sure.", "We ordered these socks to wear underneath volleyball ankle guards. M daughter thought that they were comfortable, affordable, and worked just fine.", "socks fit extremely well and have plenty of elastic so you are not pulling them up all of the time.", "My son wears these pair of socks often.  He says that they are very thick & comfortable even though they are not name brand.", "XL is supposed to fit size 12-15. I am a size 12.5 and can barely get them on. Looking at what was shipped, the packaging says XL but no way. There's absolutely no difference than from ones you can get and any store.", "It is difficult to find mens socks that are not the one size fits all....that goes to size 12.and are too large", "They truly do wick moisture away from your feet. Excellent fit. Thick, durable and comfortable. Great product.  Great golfing socks.", "Pity! I got taken in by the propaganda this sock maker puts out. They make pretty good rags. That's all.", "Very comfortable and a great fit.  Can wear them easily with shoes or sneakers.  They will replace some of the same that I have worn out....", "Good sox. Not the very best I've had, but GOOD. Can happily recommend them as acceptable merchandise at a reasonable price.", "My husband wears an eleven-size shoe, but because of a high arch he wanted me to order a larger size than usual. These were advertised by seller for an XL man sizes 12-15.  What a laugh!  Socks we've purchased previously up to size eleven are bigger & easier to get over his arch.  The socks are extremely tight even after he's got them on & make his feet itch.  He doesn't like to bother me with returning & ordering something else, so decided to give them a chance, but now it looks like they'll be tossed. I love shopping on Amazon because I've had excellent luck with other items, so this is a big disappointment.", "The socks are very soft and comfortable to wear. They fit me just fine. I also like the style of the socks. They are a great pair of socks.", "My husband walks around our tiled home in his socks.  These comfy socks provide just enough padding to cushion his feet.", "These were a gift for someone else. So, all I know is new athletic socks were needed by the recipient.", "Typical socks, I love all Nike products so I am probably a little biased but these are my favorite socks.", "product fit as expected, arrived in timely manner.", "These were cheap enough and ones that I could wear while playing basketball. They fit great and worked great! Definitely will buy more.", "These were a purchase for my son with large feet.  It is very difficult to get these socks in this size (12-15) in stores; usually you can only purchase large.  Nike does not disappoint with quality.", "I am a size 8 and a half and these socks fit me perfectly. I would not recommend these to someone in the size 10-12 range, as they would probably be too small.", "6-21-12...I've washed these socks 3 times and they've shrunk each time.  There are no washing instructions on the package so I washed them the way I've always washed white socks....in warm water and warm dryer (not hot).  Won't buy these again and will attempt to return them.  I'll let you know if that's a problem.  If you do buy these be sure to was in cold water and line dry!!!These are decent socks but I do have a few issues with them.  I should note that I'm a woman.  I often buy men's sport socks and sometimes men's sneakers because women's sneakers are usually uncomfortable on my wide feet.  I'm not a big woman but I do have big feet...lol. I just don't like women's socks, especially around the toes. I hate those sloppy sewn seams at the top that are \"nobby\" on each side.Although these Nike socks are made well they're a little tight at the top on the calf.  The circumference of my calf where the top of the sock comes is 13 inches.  Wouldn't mind just a bit more stretch there.  I purchased size large socks to allow for a wee bit of shrinkage.  Just for reference, I buy anywhere from a size 8 to a 9 regular men's sneaker depending on cut.  There's also a kind of 1 1/2\" elasticized band in the material that goes around the instep of the sock which I think will shrink a bit after a few washings.  Don't care for that sqeezing my foot.  I'm sure these will service me for the time being...just not sure I'll buy them again.  By the way..under a sticker they slapped on the label, the retail price is listed as $14.00.  I guess a few extra dollars isn't too high a price to pay for the convenience of buying on line unless you shop in department stores anyway.", "Purchased the 8-12 size.  I am a size 10 and these are snug.  Not uncomfortable, but snug.  One of the socks did develop and random hole on top after a couple of uses.", "Good quality socks -- the fit was right on.  They arrived on the exact date that was indicated on the day that I placed the order.  Pleased with them.", "About a month ago, I bought 1 set of a 3 pack (1 order). It arrived, and the socks were wrapped around by an authentic nike paper sticker. They were better than as advertised, I was very happy. So last week I decided to order 6 pairs of these (2 additional orders). They arrived in two tiny packed bags, and were just wadded up. There was no authentic nike sticker, and the heel and toe was not even grey. It was just a blank, low quality sick with a nike symbol printed at the top. Needless to say I will find somewhere else to order additional socks.", "My husband builds houses for a living. These socks stay tight versus falling down around his ankles like some others I've paid top dollar for. They also keep his feet from sweating. Definitely worth the cost.", "so i was under the impression that this sock was a nike dry fit sock but it is not, but i still like them not as much but they will do", "Good socks - I use them for basketball. Only issue I have with them is that when I take them off, there are a lot of black fuzzies left all over my feet. No matter how many times I wash them, it still happens. I like the sock overall though, but would probably by a different Nike pack next time.", "I bought these socks for my daughter who is in the Navy. She is in the middle east and they keep her feet comfortable in the high temperatures.", "My husband loved them.  They were a good price and fit as expected.", "It sometimes hard to find socks that fit larger mens feet but these do. This was part of my son christmas list.", "I gave these as gifts and everyone really liked them.  They are soft and classy.  They are not too small either.", "We were looking for a larger sock, these seem to be about the same size as 10-13, not much larger at all.  Still too short for my husband's foot, hurt his toes.", "My son loved them. They were also cheaper online then in stores. They are very comfy he says. The fit was just right.", "Finally got some that match my Nike's. Now I need some to match my retro 4 Jordan's. Very comfortable and fit great!", "Socks aren't goodI expected betterMight as well send another free packWhile your at itCause I wasn't satisfied", "Good socks, they are kind of tight and go down when your walking thoughGot the socks free using [...]", ".... ..... ... .... ...... .... ... very good quality .... ... ...... ..... .... ..... ......... ... .... ......... .... ...", "Love 'em!! Beat the heck out of those plain ole white socks! Definitely plan on ordering another pair to wear with my boots!", "I wear a size 10-11 mens shoe. I ordered these socks because I like the Nike brand.I also like my socks not to be too tight so I ordered size 12-15.I barely got the tip of one foot into these socks to know these are not the Nike socks I am used to.They felt thinner and smaller and in fact did not fit my size 10 foot although they were sized as large 12-15.I recommend buying a single pack to try before you stock up...", "Sized right and very comfortable. Great gym shorts, would not run with them as they are a little long (just above knees)", "this is a designed product fit my needs for my sport activity. it showed up exactly as the web described.", "Even I thought this was the larger version, I still have enough space. Love the divider for your shoes. Large enough to get two pairs and shower shoes in there. Love the cool/insulated compartment. It was the main reason to buy this product.SInce I use this bag for multiple sports I can store all the smaller items in different compartements.Would buy it again or use as a gift for a gym rat.", "The bad is very durable and lightweight at the same time. The handle is great, very soft.Has a lot of room inside I put all my cloths (when I get off work I go to the gym so my suit fits perfectly, that&#8217;s a great plus). It has a hard bottom so it holds everything nice and secureI love the side pockets. One for the shoes! So they don&#8217;t stink. The other one if you shower at the gym for liquids or put some food so it stays fresh.I like the pocket for Easy access items; I put my wallet, keys there.Hold all your gym gear! Be prepare to work hard!", "These socks are high quality and don't slip down on your foot into your shoe when you walk.  Very soft and comfortable.", "My husband wears size 15 wide shoes and these size XL socks fit him well, not hard to get on at all, they have nice cushioning on the soles. They stay soft after many washes too.", "The men and youngsters in my life who received a pair of these socks in their Christmas stockings were wearing them during the holidays for around the house and seemed to enjoy them.", "Did not fit as expected. Fast shipping. Great quality", "Fast shipment esp around the holidays. Socks fit as they should and price was awesome, socks are socks but I will buy them here!", "These socks are perfect for physical activity.  I run, play basketball and workout in them.  Your feet will be completely dry but the sock will be soaked.  I'll be buying more if I can find them on sale.", "My boys really enjoyed getting these for christmas in their stockings, they go thru alot of socks but these are holding up well!!", "Pretty well pleased overall. Were nice this summer.Barely cover feet, but okay. I would order theseagain if need be.", "Good Pair of Men's Socks - bought for my husband.  He liked the fit and feel.  I would suggest these to others.", "These are some good socks!  I love the extra padding on the bottom. They are great for working out or wearing casually.  They're a nice height and the sizing is good.  They're all around really nice.", "Great for working out or  casual wear. I highly recommend! They keep my feet dry all day long.  This is a great value and product.", "These don't seem to be authentic.Not the best quality, but they are okay. I would not buy these again.", "socks are socks, but these fit good and wash out very well.  I am completely satisfied with this purchase and would purchase again when necessary.", "Wasn't happy with the packaging. I bought these for my son as a Christmas gift and when I received them, they were not packaged in plastic or had any type of tag that would show they were new. They were just loose and looked like they were thrown in the box as if I'd picked them out of someone's dresser drawer.", "I love these socks for bike riding and traveling.  The are especially useful when going through airport security.  They were available in XL for my big feet.", "they make me feel like a king due to the very good construction and how they look when I don't have my shoes on...", "Good Socks, definite purchase for those who like to dress with style and also active. I purchased 2 x 3 pairs", "Good socks. Have held up well and padding helps keep feet from getting too sore.  Will purchase them again when these wear out.", "I wear a size 15 and have flat feet - to start.  I blew out my ankle in high school and have NO ARCH in one foot.  My ailments aside, these socks fit GREAT and seem to actually provide some support which, if you've got big feet, you need all the support you can get.These aren't cheap, but I would consider them a value for going to the gym, golfing, anything where you don't want to look like a clown cause your socks are so damn big.", "I take size 13 and these were reported to be 12-15.I could barely get them on and then they were too tight.", "These socks are 100% knock offs. I have purchased Nike products for years and years. When these came I could tell from the get go they were 100% fake. They came wadded up in grey plastic bag. There were no tags on them. The Nike logo looks all jacked up. They do not feel like moisture wicking fabric. They are not good quality. I paid a lot for these socks and I am sending them back. If you have experienced true moisture wicking Nike socks in the past then as soon as you receive these you will know they are knock offs. Beware!", "Prompt delivery, decent packaging and product is as advertized.I have tried more expensive running socks and wasn't expecting much from this one when I ordered it but it turned out that this is my best running socks - stable/perfect fit (I wear size9 shoes, ordered Large socks), very comfortable, does not overheat so yes, moisture management at work. Not a Nike fan but for this one, have to say 'good job!'.", "These fit nice nice and snug like I like them.  They have a band around the middle that hug your feet and unlike other Nike socks I have had they hold there shape", "I bought these socks from the seller-- Happy Feet-- and they sent me the pairs wadded up in a grey plastic bag, it almost looked like they were knock-offs... and i still don't know if they are or not. There was no Nike packing around them. I can't rate the socks because i don't even know if they are real or not.", "Perfect fit and feel great all day. Just played softball in them last night 90+ degrees and it was a doubleheader and I never even noticed them feeling wet, washed them today and they still look brand new. Will probably order another 3 pack.", "Purchased for my son, he loves them!Comfortable, fit perfectly, and keep moistureaway! Arrived on time, and just as described!Thanks!", "My son loves these socks.  He like the no show part of them and always wears black socks. They keep his feet dry and are comfortable.", "I tend to just wear plain old socks so these feel weird when you first put them on but after that they feel nice.", "nike socks are my favorite and these are awesome, have had them for about 6 months now and they are still comfortable they are soft and kinda padded more than a regular sock and just gives you the feel that you like, great product!", "Comfortable sunglasses. Broke my first pair playing football, and missed them so much I bought another pair! Highly recommend these.", "Great product. I'm very happy with these sunglasses they don't slip, their comfortable and clear. They are perfect for running and outdoor exercising.", "The sunglasses are very light and comfortable to wear. The large lenses keep the glare out of the eyes. They don't flop around when running.", "These fit my face perfectly but they fog up on my long runs and I've noticed that sweat seems to collect and then dribble down at the bottom. I have high cheek bones and these stay in place when I smile which is great (but maybe that's what's causing the fogging issue?).", "These are stylish, fit my face well, and, for running, stay in place.  I am very happy with these sunglasses.", "It is fit rigth the color was the same, all the protection for avoid scratch in the glasses it is very fine", "These glasses have a great fit. They stay in place while running without any chafing or irritation. The large lenses and wide view don't interfere with my view. They are lightweight and I often forget I am wearing them.", "IT IS light weightstylishI love the red logo on the side of the armthe price is right", "My face is a bit wider than usual, and with Asian fit characteristics.Lens are wide enough but I expected a bit wider, they are as tight as they could be, without being uncomfortable.Nice and comfortable, but a bit wider would have done the job.", "good value and comfortable. this is the second pair i have owned. the nose peice is key.and here is three more words.", "As i wish, the new nike shox fits great as the old ones that i have in my closet. If you want to buy your first, buy it two sizes up so you can keep a comfort size in your feet. If you fit 6 size, buy it on 7. Works great fit well. Extremely confortable for casual and long range walks", "Fits great and good product very well made product shoe fits team what I thought it would be very comfortable I do a lot of walking and standing and it really helps", "These shoes were delivered on time and in excellent condition.  They fit a little more snug than my other Nike shoes - If given the chance I would order a half size larger.  They were very rigid at first but loosened up after about a week and are now very comfortable.", "I brought another pair as these are comfortable.  Got to love the style and they are surely different than other shoes.", "I always wear Nike Shox at work. I had a pair of Shox Turbo + 13 that were so worn out that I needed replacement. I bought these NZ's thinking they would be just as good. I was wrong! While the Shox Turbo + fit snuggly, they were never too tight or uncomfortable. These Shox NZ's are very tight and can be uncomfortable after wearing them for a full day.", "It took 3 days of wearing them for a couple hours to stretch out the leather but now they are perfect", "I love these sneakers,  I now have 3 pairs and they all fit great.  I highly recommend this product. Fits like a glove and very comfortable.", "These Nike shoes are great for walking.  The four point heel is very stable, and gives you a bit of extra support as the years take away your balance.  The heel is high, for support, but I have to use a shoe horn to make sure I don't roll over the heel putting them on.", "I'm a tall girl with a long torso and this fits great - even stayed in place during hot yoga and wicked away the sweat.", "I purchased this for my son and he loved it. Well made and looks cool. The quality is truly exceptional", "I was very pleased with this book bag. Very sturdy and nice. My son absolutley loves it and not to mention it came very quickly!!Thanks Amazon. I will be ordering again!!", "The backpack itself is really nice. I like the overall look on it and it's decent sized. The one thing that I absolutely do not like is the zipper broke after my first use of the backpack!! If you are going to get this just dont add a lot of items to it or the zipper will break.", "I love my bag, I want one in red if it's available.The price was affordable and looks just like the picture!!!", "Was a Christmas present and my son loved it. I will be ordering another in the near future. Very pleased.", "&#34;I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS BACKPACK&#34; - The comfort, size, and style of it, speaks for itself.  A must have for any fan of &#34;Jordan&#34; apparel.", "I bought this product for my son for school.  Well made product , a lot of room . My son loves the back pack. I would recommend this product", "This item is exactly the way i expected it in terms of color, quality and fit. I am so happy with my purchase and love seeing my kid in it every single time", "This is a really cute outfit, true to size and good quality.  Colors are as shown.  I would recommend it.", "Loved it! Got it way faster than expected.  Great quality.  Very bright.  My son doesn't want to take it off!", "My son love this hat. I bought it for a trip to Disney and arrived on time. It is very comfortable and looks great.", "My son loves this hat, I own adult size nike hats just like this one and the quality is pretty much the same. The color is spot on.", "Ordered this for my 5 year old son, Looks a little small and its suppose to be for ages 4/7. could very well that he has just a larger head. But still great product none the less. I only gave it 4 because just seemed a little small for my son.", "I bought this for my 3 year old who started playing tennis this summer. They have to wear white on the courts and this hat was perfect. His head didn't get overheated and it washes well.", "The 5 stars are based upon the product.  The hats were finally delivered today, and they are very good.  My only complaint is that from day of order to day of receipt was 13 days.  My order was placed on April 8th, it was finally shipped on April 16th and received on the 21st.  If you are not in a hurry to get your items it's fine.  I wish it had not taken so long.", "I bought this cap for my 3 years old. He runs a lot, he is very active so he needed a cap that could be soft and that could keep his head as cool as possible. It is the best, it is easy to wash, gets dry quickly, love it!", "This cap's Dri Fit fabric is great - light and my son doesn't mind wearing it.  For my son (almost 3 and average sized), I would like the cap to be taller from top of ear to top of head.  Though the circumference is fine, it's a bit short and therefore doesn't stay on as well as it could.", "Great quality as I would have expected from Nike product.  Fits my 4 1/2 yr old grandson nicely, with a little bit room to grow.  My grandson lives in southern CA, and always wears a cap to keep the sun out of his eyes.  The bill on the cap is just the right size for him, not too small, not too large.  The color is a deeper green than shown online.  I would describe it more like a Kelly Green.", "The hat is not authentic it is missing the dri fit liner inside the hat and it is pretty think and flimsy. The shipping was fast and the price was good I just hoped the product would have been better.", "It is a beautiful and well made cap but a little smaller than I expected for my 1 year son.", "Love the way it fit my 2 year old. He is in the 75th percentile by head circumference and he has room to grow in this hat but it is not so big right now that it looks silly. It is very light weight and easy to clean (even if it is white).", "My son wanted this because his Pop Pop had one.  What a deal.  I paid $9.99 for it and it is worth it.  Very light and breathable.  It will be fantastic to wear in the summer month.Shipper send very fast and packed very well.", "My daughter likes her backpack although the description could have been more precise. It's a little smaller than expected, but we kept it.", "Weird shaped pockets. Not a great bag for books. The zipper barely closes around a binder. More of a sports or gym bag.", "I did not realize how small it was when I ordered it.  It is not a normal size backpack..  Very disappointed", "Hi all, I live in Ecuador and really noticed that this bag is very good qualityI really chose this rating because it is a backpack that has enough space and several pockets to store anything. I highly recommend this product for athletes, and college football players", "Purchased this backpack for my 14 yr old son, and he's happy with it. It's small enough not to be so bulky, and large enough for all his books. He digs it so I am good!", "You experimenting with the boot and was very magnificenceIts shape is very beautiful and harmonicShoe is light and there with the shoe bagThank you for your service", "Nice Packaging, great gift for the man in your life! Nice thin tri-fold wallet, great price for a high end brand!", "After searching for a long time, I stumbled accross this wallet on Amazon. I figured I would take a chance on a wallet that I have not held or even seen. After recieving it, I was very impressed with my purchase along with the seller as well.I do not like large wallets and this one fits the bill of being \"slim\" when it comes to the profile. The ID window was the one option that sold me compared to most of the other wallets on the site in this style. It has enough room for a couple of credit cards, a couple of business cards, and a picture in the window. I would recomend this wallet for those who want a wallet/clip that walks the fine line between a money clip and a slim line wallet.", "I was very pleased with the wallet when I received it. The wallet was as described and was not cheap or fake like most others Ive seen.", "It is a perfect wallet/money clip. Just big enough to carry the necessities. Fits easily into any pocket, front, back or any inside jacket pocket.", "I bought the black one when I was in China almost three years a go. It was so good that I bought this item for my sister as well. It's laptop space is good and  well protected.", "700 Dollars Bahahahaha this must be a misprint......or a joke. Who would pay 700 dollars for a compression shirt? Someone should correct this or explain it.", "its too bad nike discontinued these pants. unlike its successor, these pants aren't baggy, and so fit and perform better when running. they stay warm and are great to wear under snowboarding pants. i got myself a second pair. so happy i did.", "This t-shirt is really nice, it looks and fits perfect, the logo is exactly as described in the photo but the tshirt cuality is better than it appears, i had bought a LOT of t shirts for jogging or for training from adidas to mizuno and it is the best for its price. I am very glad with these purchase and with the seller", "Purchased for my 10 yr old nephew for Xmas and he was thrilled to death. It fit him exactly right and for what it is I guess it's great. Got an A++ from a 10 yr old little boy so there you go!", "I have a size 32 waist and I'm 6'4 and they fit perfect with a medium.  Go down to just above the knee.  padding is thick and seems like it will hold up to sliding abuse.", "In comparing with the size for the nike pro Tee in large size sold in Hong kong the size of this product is larger than it.", "Great shorts, either in the gym or just lounging.", "Wonderful price and quick shipping! I was very pleased with this product. Purchased it for my husband and he finds them very comfortable.", "Delivery of the Nike Lunaglide+2's were very quick. The product appeared in great condition - brand new/never worn. Transaction was very easy, and completed with nil hassels. Thank you very much for a quality product, and a great price.", "Love the look of these sneaks but not as comfortable as I had hoped for.  Fits true to size but kind of snug width wise.Love the style and color though.", "excelentes. muy comodos y seguros.Los recomiendo ampliamente.desde que los compre quede muy encantada por el dise&ntilde;o y el confort que brindan", "Great shoe it fits amazing I play soccer every night it's amazing how it fits it feels like ur wearing noting for the price its amazing.", "Everything appears great good service boots were an excellent dealPostage to Australia always seems to go a bit over the estimated time but overall very happy.", "I got this pair for the spring season, as a lot of leagues i'm in. This pair feel so good on your feet, very light. For me I have more ways of controlling the ball, it's just easy. Our style of play is passing the ball over, and sometimes I get a very hard and fast pass, with these shoes I can control the ball in very comfy way, the shoes that I had wasn't as easy as this. I play wing, so I do a lot of sprints. This shoes is just amazing for that perpous. I highly recommend this.", "The duffel bag is exactly what I wanted with the exception of the separate compartment for shoes.  It is the reason I purchased the bag, but the description is erronious.  I don't like putting wet or dirty sneakers in with clean clothes and now with this bag I have no choice.If you are going to sell something, make sure your description is accurate.  This one is clearly wrong unless you are a size 2 girl.Very disappointed.", "My grandson was very pleased with this bag. He uses it to carry his wrestling clothes in and as an overnight bag.", "Unfortunately, Nike has cheapened the quality of their sandals over the past decade.While I continue to search for a pair of ACG style sandals of the samecomfort and quality of 10 - 15 years ago, this product is as close as I have found.Unfortunately, many manufacturers would rather make disposable products,instead of quality products.  And shoes is one just one item wherequality is of utmost importance.", "Nice sandals,arrived at my Australian address promptly,and are comfortable to wear,I would recommend them after having worn them for a while.", "I wore this sandal twice, since I bought it. Both times it made bruises on my feet. Good looking but not comfortable. They have used too hard material on top and back of the sandal so I don't recommend this product.", "Just like my old Nike sandals.  I couldn't find these sandals in stores anymore.  I am glad to have \"my\" comfortable style again.", "I love Nike ACG sandals.  But the design of most of them has me breaking the attachment for the rear strap.  My last pair I broke, reattached with carefully drilled holes and zip ties (and hidden so you couldn't see them), and still they eventually broke again.This pair, after a full summer of use, are still working out well and haven't broke.  They work well wet (only thing I wear at the boat ramp, where you need good traction as well).  I'm very happy with these sandals.", "They fit well and appear to be well made.In today's selling market you definitely get what you pay for interms of quality and looks.", "Nice surprise shirt was made w dri fit material.  Purchased as a gift and recipient loves the shirt.  Nice quality material.", "The picture is deceiving. I was supposed to be getting what looks like royal blue and white. Instead I get a purplelish looking navy blue on the front and back, with royal blue and white on the sides. These particular shorts dont match itself. Ive bought other durasheen shorts from here and got exactly what I expected. Im a big fan of durasheen shorts.", "These are what I wanted as they are cool, durable, good looking, and have pockets.  I have an inseam of 36/38 and they go to my mid knee...they are long.", "These shorts are great for hot summers, they're breathable but not sheer, no need for anything underneath other than underwear. And they still have the durable feel. Highly recommend this product.", "My husband likes his shorts on the longer side and these fit him just as he likes, good material too", "I love these shorts!! I tell anyone who's looking to buy workout gear or just casual wear to spend the extra money and buy the Nike or Jordan wear. The quality is 3 to 4 times better than what you find in the big box stores. Sure you'll pay less for the other product. But because of the workmanship you will see theirs fall apart within weeks. I won't mention stores (WAL). But I've literally had them start to fuzzy up and run stringers through the threads on the initial time I've worn them. I now spend the extra money even though sometimes I just don't want to. But in the end I'm always happy with that decision.", "Great pair of shorts.  I had a pair of black Jordan shorts before and I thought these ones would be the same pair, but they are not, the design is a little different which I like, and the have a nice loose fit like I like.  They are a good pair of basketball shorts.", "It fit as expected and nicer than what it was in the picture. All the description was correct on the short.", "I would like to know what size are the NIKE Jordan Men's Shorts Durasheen, Obsidian / University Blue, thanksI would like to know what size are the NIKE Jordan Men's Shorts Durasheen, Obsidian / University Blue, thanks", "I'm 5 foot 6, and these medium sized shorts fall below my knee. I know thats how they are designed to fit, but I don't like that look. Simple fix I found was just to roll the waistband over once, then knot the drawstring and good to go. Shorts fall right at the knee and are the perfect width. The drawstrings are capped with a silver jordan cap and are a touch thinner than I would like but these shorts are high quality and I expect them to get a good 5-6 years of use like my last pair.", "shorts de buena calidad cumple mio expectativas buen precio se lo recomiendo a todas las personas que deseen adquirirlo y est&eacute;n con duda", "i purchsaed these to workout in a desert setting, i dont play ball as much as i used to. These are great shorts for cardio and HIIT. Perfect lenght, breathable, and light wieght the waist band is nice and snug so they dont slip if you have your phone or ipod in the pocket.", "Love these!  My son is very tall and these were actually long enought for him. Thank goodness.  Great quality as well!", "These people would have you believe and pay for authentic merchandise when it is clearly not. Just feeling the material of the product you can tell it is inferior materials than those used by the original brand. Never trusting this seller.", "very nice i love it i get  alot of compliments on it all the time and red is my favorite color!", "My husband is 6'1&#34; weighs 207, these shorts fit so awesome. No saggy crotch. He wears them to work out all the time, I bought several different colors.", "Not the quality of the real jordans. These have terrible stitching. Could barely open my pockets cause threads were cutting off the room by inaccurate stitching. Never again.", "Nice look and colors. Breathe very well, and are perfect for sports. Can't go wrong with the Jordan line, they use good materials.", "I bought these for my son, who has very long legs (36 inseam)....he doesn't like the shorts that go above the knee, because he thinks they make his legs look funny.  These shorts fall below the knee and make my son happy.  If he's happy, then I'm happy!!", "The quality is excellent. The size of the actual. Weight 220 lbs Height 5'10&#34; subscribed size largeEmotions of the purchase have only positive", "Very comfy.  Longer then I expected for a large.  I'm a tall guy at 6'4&#34; and they go past my knees.  These are advertised as court shorts with a shorter cut, but I'm not seeing that.  Nonetheless they are great shorts and would buy them again.", "They fit like a glove!  The 10 year old soccer player loves them.  She wants to wear them everywhere.  The color matches her uniform and she loved the coloring.", "Excelenet shoes! The shoes are very resistant and look very nice, is a great option to buy!!! super confortable!! i recomend it, even in this color, taht looks amazing!", "As I was saying; the Nike \"Livestrong \" products I ordered from Amazon, met my expectations and more importantly met the criteria of a very specifically requested gift by a twenty year old. One can never go wrong by checking with Amazon, it never disappoints.", "Purchased as a gift for my bike riding father. It looked great online. I have not seen him wear it. I guess it was okay.", "I love this shirt. I've had it for several months now.  The words are not fading.  I get attentions from fellow runners.  It is comfortable to wear.", "Hurt my ears", "ok", "I was looking for a lighter sock but with some cushioning for gym workouts&#8230;this appears to be a very nice sock, but it has no cushioning, though it says it does.so if you want a nice cotton sock sort of like Belega running socks but cotton, then fine.but no cushion...", "These socks are ok but they are kind of tight for me. My shoe size is 11 or 11.5, I've tried other socks since this purchase and I've found better ones.", "Buenas medias de buena calidad muy c&oacute;modas con buen soporte en el tal&oacute;n y protegen muy bien los pies los colores son buenos tambi&eacute;n.", "We just moved to the south and its too humid here.My son's  feet were too sweaty all the time and I bought these as a \"back to school\" gift. A little pricy but worth every penny. in other words, not your average Grandps's socks.", "This socks are just what you expect, nothing too special when it comes to performance or feel. There is a snugness in the center of the sock, but you won't notice it. But overall, the look is great and Nike is a safe bet of comfort and athletic", "Great quality! We fight to wear them ! They have great cushion and are worth the price you will pay !", "I received this yesterday, and it's so comfortable! The color is not as bright a blue as pictured here but it is a very pretty color. I would recommend this jacket to anybody. And it is true to size.", "excellent product, the sizes are just right, not too big nor too small, good finish and something hot  the color is vivid", "The item was perfect and exactly what my son was looking for.  Thanks!  It was great and arrived in the nick of time despite my late order!!", "it's a really nice sweater! it fits as i expected and you can use it for any day or occasion, sport or not! recommended, good quality, is Nike after all.", "Fits perfect and works for running the color is perfect and the material is warm for cold days. I recommend it.", "I wanted a basic hoodie that I could wear anytime. This does the trick. Simple design and comfortable. Good deal!", "Fast delivery Good quality a little disappointed with sizing --a little short  in arm length.  Overall smaller than  one previously purchased a few years ago of the same size.", "The sizes were bigger than expected. I should have ordered 1 size smaller than my normal size. The clothing was made in good quality materials.", "This was a Xmas present  for my grandson who loves it  It has been below zero in ME  and he loves the hoodie", "warm, comfortable fit, looks good, delivered promptly, may purchase another in different color and size for younger son, good quality product", "Who doesn't love a nice crisp clean looking top. My husband loves his jacket, fits true to size and nice quality! Great buy, thanks!", "Really nice and fits great...my husband wishes there was other colors because he wants more of them but in different colors.", "these shorts are exactly what i was looking for. they are long enough that they will not ride up....there is a pocket in the back that will fit you key and my phone fits as well. great shorts for running! i just went to order another pair but they are currently unavailable!", "This shirt has lasted through two summers and is still going strong.  Great quality.  I highly recommend Nike apparel to anyone with children.", "Just take a look at this,Today is September 27, 2012 -- Still Shipping SoonThey might be assembling the wheels and Embroiding the Nike Logos all by hand.Wow, is it,,Hand made Nike bag now???I need to explain to my little daughter, it is hand made...VERY IMPRESSIVE,,SHIPPING DATE===========================================Order Placed:September 23, 2012Delivery Estimate: Thursday September 27, 2012 - Tuesday October 2, 2012Shipping Soon===========================================", "I love this shirt, the material is different, but a great shirt.  I don't know where this mp3 headphone area is on the shirt though.  I would highly recommend it!", "look super cute, and feel awesome to jogg in. only thing is that shipper didnt describe it would take about two weeks to recieve.", "I thought the knee area would be more compressed or something to explain the different material, but nope, nothing unique about them, just a different material. Can't explain why, it just is.  I don't understand what makes these running tights as I didn't feel any different compression compared to my other tights, hence the 3 stars.  They're nothing special, just regular ol' black tights with a thin, white reflection stripe on the side.", "I frequently run in these shorts on a treadmill.  Personally, I prefer the longer length of shorts like this pair.  They keep my waist tightened, but not uncomfortable; and they offer protection to the thigh/knee areas when running.I have done some jogging outdoors with them as well with my active dog.  They are very comfortable, and very flexible.", "This pack was exactly what was needed for soccer. Perfect size,shape and color. Nothing to complain about. The pack is not boxy like school packs and not as bulky as regular soccer club bags.", "Love my Nike Nutmeg backpack. Although it says medium size, it's quite spacious. It fits all of my track practice items. It also has convenient small compartments for your headphones, water bottles, anything! Really loving it. And for under $40, it was a steal!", "Works fine, 8 y/o  son likes the color, size, style. He graduated from LL Bean bags we've purchased yearly for the last 3 years. Albert & Kai", "Exactly what You expectMedium sized , slick look , great comfortI recommend it to a highschool guy athlete", "Very nice soccer backpack for my 6 yr old grandson. He loved it. Very well made and would recommend it to any soccer player.", "I bought this for my grandson and he really loved it. It seems strong and durable and able to withstand the rigors of a very active boy.", "NIce backpack with lots of space and departments.  Very durable. It was not bulky but big enough for my son to carry all of his books for school and a side pocket for snacks and water.", "I picked this bag for my 14 yr old who is very active in sports. He was highly pleased with the bookbag, he uses it everyday & it is very durable.", "Gave this to my nephew for Christmas.  He loves it.  It is a bag made to hold soccer ball and other equipment - shoes, etc.  Shipping was quick and efficient.", "This backpack is a great size for school and sports.  My 10 yr. old and 15 yr. old both love it.", "Great price on this brand new Nike Nutmeg backpack in Black.  Actually, more features than the description indicated. Overall great product at a great price!", "We use this bag as a baby bag. It is big and spacious from the inside. Has many pockets for carrying food, shoes etc. we absolutely love it", "I am not really happy for the item. It's so big and I did not expect for that.", "top quality I purchase this item for  my son  and  he loves it. He  can fit  everything  is  it from his  sneakers,  his  book, ipod and  etc.", "I had this backpack for a year and it just began to fall apart. I just used it for basketball traveling", "The backbag zipper was broken. I was referred by a friend to get the bag but it wasnt comfortable. complete waste of money", "Good quality backpack,and inexpensive. Product has many zippered areas, which was a must for our son. I would recommend to everyone.", "My cousin wanted me to order it for him and he said he loves it and it fits well. He got the medium and it looks a little big but he enjoys it. He's about to be 14 and he's 5&#34;6 or 5&#34;7 and it's a bit big so If your short I would suggest a small.", "great design i would say.both sides have a large invisible cup holder which i found really useful!but somehow it is too small for pack up all my books for school!well it's still a great backpack for working out in gym but IF YOU WANT A BEG FOR YOUR BOOKS,PLEASE CHOOSE ANOTHER ONE!", "Its NIKE...what do you expect? Bag is plenty large enough for a school backpack. Would definitely buy again! Thank you", "It's exactly what we want in a back pack for our soccer needs. It's durable and holds everything for the game.My daughter loves it!!!!", "This was a Christmas gift for our granddaughter and she loved this. I was happy with the price and how fast it shipped.", "Great Bag and is very light!", "My Son got it on time for school and he very happy with it. I am now looking for one for my daughter", "Great bag . Works well for bball and soccer.  Fits all of her dtuff and had different pov kets to separate dirty ftom clean.", "This backpack still looks brand new and my son has carried it for the first half of his Middle School year! Love the color and the size, perfect!", "Bought this for my Son for school, he loves it. There are a lot of pockets on it. Very well made.", "Not for a teenage boy!  It is mor of a sports back back.  It has a huge storage place for a ball and side slots for shoes.  Not at all good for school books!  My 14 year old grandson hated it!  It is probably okay for a small child that plays sports but at 14 it is time to be serious and study books!", "I bought this for my son as a school back pack not realizing its more for sports. He fell in love with it , but it is a little big for him. He's 6 but there's no taking it away fr him now :) I'm sure he will grow into it soon! Well made , no issues with it .", "I wear these tops 6 days a week at the gym and Nike is my favorite brand, as I am short-waisted and they tend not to run as long as most other brands (lululemon, lucy etc.)  I took a chance ordering on line, as I though I had this top in other colors but this one was a FAIL.  The fabric was more cotton based (less lycra in the fabric to hold shape) and it flared out at the bottom.  Looks awful and is at the bottom of my drawer still with tags.  (Return would have been a hassle.  I think it came from England or something?)  I've just decided to only try on every piece in a store first and only order online if it is the EXACT item I have already worn/tried on etc.", "Gave as gift, but my daughter plays basketball and swears by them. They were a little more expensive, but should last a lot longer.", "This is such an awesome package. I wish it wasn't so expensive, found a cheaper set a few days later...", "My son says it is a good buy. It is more than adequate hold his gear. There is room enough and good sections.", "I am very happy with this purchase!  The Nike Brasilia 5 Small Duffle Grip is the perfect bag for me.  I orderd the pink/black bag; the colors are vibrant and the bag is GORGIOUS!  The bag is the perfect size to take to the gym and it would also work as an overnight/weekender bag.  I love the side pockets.  The pocket on one end holds a lot and zips closed.  It has a bit of ventilation....  The pocket on the other end is open at the top and would be good for a water bottle or anything that you need easy access to.", "This is a cute bag but way to small. If you return it they charge you 15% for a restocking fee in which I dislike also.", "My sons both wanted bags for basketball season.  These bags are a perfect size to fit their basketball shoes, a basketball, change of clothes or hoodie, water bottle and snack.  Well made bag.", "a really nice bag, very spacious, but the fabric that it is fabric is very thin, I fear it may broke with little extra weight.", "My 7 year old wanted this for Christmas and I love that its a good size for him and I love the colors.", "Light but durable. Would prefer extra inside pocket for toiletries. Bought it for my son at college. He's happy with it. Hope it lasts at least the year!", "Just what I was looking for!I should have bought it on eBay though....then I would be able to post comments without having to use a minimum number of words.  Go eBay!  Life is to short!", "My daughter plays jv basketball. This bag is perfect for carrying all her stuff. She normally takes a pair of slides, her basketball shoes, her warm up suit, her uniform and some personal hygeine type items. Their is plenty of room in this bag for extra items that she carries from time to time....her practice uniform and her varsity uniforms as well. Great bag and great price.", "this was a christmas gift for my husband and he is happy with it is his gym bag, it's worth it.", "I bought this for my son for his baseball/gym clothes. I can't really compare this to any other bag as this is our first. It serves it's purpose.", "Came on time, perfect condition, has held up well. One of my best Amazon purchases to date. I use it nearly every day.", "Good product seems to be very durable and I really enjoy the color and the multiple straps and of course the swoosh", "Got this for the wife and a Blue medium sized one for me. We both love them. I pack all my junk to and from work and the gym in this thing. It's part of my checklist before I leave the house. Also had to wash it recently and came out of the wash as good as new.Nike makes great products and this is no exception.", "love the spaceexcellent support strap for shoulderlove the colorwould definitely use this duffel bag at the gym", "Pros:Functional, perfect size for my daily gym regimenSturdy constructionLooks goodGood value for $Cons:Might not have enough space for someFew pockets/compartments might be inadequate for someI really like this bag for it's optimal size and simplicity. I use it to carry a pair of gym/running shoes, shorts, t-shirt, socks, gym towel, shower towels and hair brush, padlock, sunscreen in the single (zipper) pocket. Plenty of space for all that, and there's actually an open (non-zipper) pocket on the other end that I don't use. (bet others definitely would) It would have been nice to have a separate compartment for shoes/soiled clothes, but this wasn't a deal breaker for me. In fact, I kinda like the single, big container space to just toss everything into -- just my personal preference. Not for those looking to carry A LOT of stuff and those seeking lot of separate pockets/compartments. Good product: recommend purchase.", "Perfect size and feels durable.  16 year old son uses it daily to carry gym gear to and from school. He likes it a lot more compared to the large", "I have been using this bag for two weeks now for hauling my workout clothes and shoes to the gym.  I was looking for something that was able to hold one or two change of clothes, pocket stuff like keys/loose change, and shoes.  It does all this and does it well except for the shoes part.  There is a vented side compartment for shoes or wet/damp clothes but it is just big enough for standard shoes--I have squeeze my sneakers down and help guide the zipper around them to close it--so much so I am afraid that I am going to rip or damage the zipper doing so.  There is plenty of room to spare so it baffles me as to why they didn't have the vented pocket expand into the main compartment.  The material is thin but feels sturdy.", "This bag has a nice bicolor very easy to clean and it looks nice and excellent for small locker has separate compartments for sneakers what clothes and a small zipper to keep your money or valuables", "I love this duffel for quick trips overnight or a weekend especially when trunk space is somewhat limited. It is also nice to have the separate outside zippered pocket.", "i love this bag. one of the best purchases i could have made. i use it for my gym and track things. its great to but a pair of shoes a change of clothes and some snacks and drinks as well. also works great for an over night bag. I definitly recommend this bag.", "Good product but my daughter uses it so I am not sure how it is lasting.  She liked it though so I give it a thumbs up.", "I use this bag to go to the gym, it is perfect to hold my shoes / workout clothes.  It is a small, well made bag, which is just what I was looking for.", "Perfect all around bag for my daughter... from the gym, to an overnight stay with Grandma. She can fit everything in the bag and loves the color!", "This bag has a fine line in particular so it's very nice, comfortable, cool, and the brand is one of the most sought after in the market.excellent article, I have just what I expected, thanksproduct", "Perfect for shoes and extra set of clothes. This item is much bigger than expected. Plenty of room and I love it.", "I was looking for a duffel bag that would be perfect for my brother for Christmas! It is perfect for him to carry to the gym and on trips! Very happy with this purchase!", "my son uses it for sports. he uses it for short trips and when necessary...he likes it...he does...yep yep yep", "I absolutely love these bags. I am a mobile massage therapist, and this bag is the perfect size for carrying everything I need. This bag is also perfectly sized to be a carry-on item for most airlines (I avoid checking luggage whenever possible). The only thing I don't like about the new design is that only one of the side compartments zips closed; the other has a small velcro tab, but is otherwise an open pocket. This is great as far as easy access to that pocket goes, but I prefer the security that comes from being able to zip it shut.", "Just the right size.  We had to wait a LONG time for it to arrive, but it was worth it.  The larger bag would have been too big!", "It holds my stuff. Done!It's roomier than I thought it was, so that's a plus. If you're looking for something to just hold a pair of sneakers and gym clothes, though, this is way too big.", "My daughter's play basketball, yet are still in middle school. This bag is a perfect size for them. Not so big that it droops and is a burden to carry!! Love the color choices and quality!", "so great! This bag is everything i thought it would be! it deserves a great review. and I love the color", "Perfect gym bag. Had excellent shipping speed, and the bag is of really great quality. I can fit everything I need in there and then some!", "OK, so I cheated on Amazon on this one.  I bought this bag on ebags.com after following another reviewers advice that ebags had a better deal on it.  In total, it ended up being $5 cheaper.  It seems that ebags.com is the Amazon of bags and has great prices.  I bought this bag solely to use as a gym bag.  I was not sure exactly what size I needed, but am glad that I settled on the small bag versus the medium size bag which would surely be too big of a gym bag for most people.  Based on what other bags I see at the gym, this is the same size almost everyone uses.  My only complaint with this duffel is that it could use one more, preferably mesh, pocket on the outside.  Other than that, it is perfect for what I am using it for.  I normally pack a towel, weight belt, two water bottles, gloves, sandals and a change of clothes without there being a ridiculous amount of extra room.  If i were traveling with this bag, I would expect to be able to pack three days of clothes, a pair or two of shoes and all of my toiletries, making it a perfect bag for weekend trips.", "The bag is good. The size is good for my daily gym use. I gave 4 star is because I found there are only one side pocket. If it has more side pockets for my phone and other small staff, it will be perfect for 5 start.", "Bought this to replace my husband's enormous gym bag that took up all kinds of room and was falling apart. He uses it for going to play basketball. He really likes it. I think he was surprised how much he could fit in it.", "It was as expected. It is the right size for my daughter. it seems to be well put together. We shall see if it will hold to to the stresses of being a bag for a 5th grade pee wee bball player", "I bought a small Nike Brasilia 5 bag from ebags Inc in TN. It has compartments to keep items separated and and lets me find them quickly when needed. It is a light weight bag, a nice varsity royal color with a adjustable shoulder strap around the shoulder. It could be a perfect bag for my daily workout and deserve a maximum rate.However, its online product dimensions are not correct as advertised. They should be 9.5X18X10 instead of 10X21X10. Brefly, The bag is smaller than expected. As I need more room for my daily swimming items, I probably put aside this bag and buy a bigger one. What a waste of money this time Hmm! I give only 3 star rate only. Sorry!Amazon Please adjust your descriptions of this item and eventually similar bigger Nike Brasilia 5 bags.", "Good bag, good fabric, seems to be durable, we use it all the time...Although the shoulder strap could be more comfortable.", "This duffel was a gift for my husband to use as a gym bag.  He is very happy with it.  Fits all of his gym gear just fine.  He likes the wet pocket too.  It is made very well and seems very sturdy and hope it lasts for a long time.", "I HOPPE MORE RESISTANCE MATERIAL , AND THE BELT IS VERY THIN AND THE OPAQUE COLOR IS NOT IN THE OFFER", "perfect size, and perfect condition. as explained, great deal. I would recommend for others wanting a nice gym bag. love it", "The compartments on the side are great for storing extras like hair ties, sports bras and socks in case you forget them, and it holds a lot in the main compartment. The long strap is great for over the shoulder when I'm carrying a million things in the morning.", "I purchased the small size but has pretty decent space considering. I fitted a 15 inch laptop with a basketball. Only issue to some may be the strap. The strap doesn't have a shoulder cushion and it will get uncomfortable over time, especially if you have are carrying a heavy load.", "I wanted to let you know that I was very please with the small duffle I purchase on your site.  I love to shop Amazon, because you make it so easy to navigate and find just what I'm looking for.  Your Amazon site is my favorite place to shop for quality items at a good price.  Thank you also for your expedience with shipping as well.Sincerely,Sharon Jonesurmn_4ver@yahoo.com", "the size of this bag is perfect for a trip to the gym or overnight trips.  plenty of room for basic essentials and some extra stuff too.  great quality and has vented pockets for wet or stinky shoes.  thougthfullness in this design makes it a great buy", "I chose the pink duffle bag because it showed TWO zippered pockets  in the photo on Amazon, and I loved the color.  The bag ONLY has one zippered compartment.  I was disappointed when I saw this, I already have a Nike bag the same size with one zippered compartment I wanted two compartments. I just want buyers to BEWARE that the photos posted on Amazon are not accurate.  Why they have the zoom in feature so you can see the bag in detail is beyond me. Just make sure you read the details on the bag carefully, it does state ONE pocket although they posted a photo of a bag that has TWO!!!Also they state that the adjustable shoulder strap is padded I did NOT recieve one that is padded.  I really feel as though I was ripped off when I purchased this bag .  I really like Nike products but, am very unhappy with this purchase.", "This bag has been perfect for me. So perfect I purchased a second one. I currently use one for all the gym clothes and it is perfect. The second bag I use for my cycling gear. I have my riding shoes, helmet, gloves, extra shirts, and energy packs and there is still plenty of room. This bag is well built and I believe will be around for a long time. I would recommend this bag to anyone.", "it was a gift for my daughter, i buy nike products all the time i like there duribility.  I didnt compare to any other product, i like nikeshape", "This bag is helpful.I use it for work. I wish there were more pockets though. It only has one big pocket on the side.  Im getting great use of it though. The long strap is nice.", "I bought this bag for my 11 year old son to carry his basketball stuff in to games. This bag is very roomy, it's big enough to fit a regular sized basketball, water bottle and a pair of tennis shoes. It's well built and it looks nice, I would recommend it!", "nice, excellent price.  this is for my 16 years old son, to use for gym. his is so happy . thanks", "The shirt arrived in good condition and on time. However, it is burnt orange and not gray like the photo. My son has plenty of orange UT shirts, I liked that this was gray instead.", "nice shirt to work out in. I really like the way this sleeveless shirt fits, it feels great. worth it", "great material, but it fits a little tighter than I desire", "I wear this every Monday Wednesday and Friday when I work on my upper body, it feels great! I love how it feels, I don't feel all nasty and wet and feel like my clothes is sticking to my body after I'm done with my work out, not tight nice and loose, some people might not like it like that but I do, I recommend if you want it a little tight then get a size lower, I got the size I wear on my regular shirts and it was a little big but I like it like that.", "This product is amazing! I love it. I would also recommend it and I would definately buy it again without thinking twice.", "very unhappy with product! The Nike emblem was  peeling and fell off!! very displeased! I don't know if i will ever order clothes online again since there is no QUALITY CONTROL present. This was a obvious defect but yet it was sent to me anyway.", "I've really enjoyed owning this pair of shorts for the bulk of this running season.  It is a vast improvement over running in regular old athletic shorts, the integrated inner is much better than cotton or other materials.  These shorts are also nice in that they aren't too short, I don't ever feel like that scene from the movie \"Juno\" where the track team goes running by, and that's good for a casual runner like myself.The biggest problem I have with them, other than the standard smell retention of artificial fibers like this (inherent to all products, not just this one), is that the drawstring doesn't really feel like it does much.  It is two separate strings, not a one piece loop, and I never feel like I can cinch them down tight against my waist, as soon as I tie the knot tight it binds immediately.  It's not a big problem since the shorts aren't loose on me, but it's annoying that the option doesn't really exist.", "I really like these shorts.  The compression shorts are a great fit, and I love the zip pocket on the back for small items.", "Great work out shirt.  Fits and breathes nicely.  I've gotten several compliments on the style and color.  Shipping took a little longer and wasn't traceable, but the wait was well worth it.", "These Nike runnig shirts are the best shirts I have ever tried! The material is soooo confortable that you really run happy!And the fact that these shirt were bought from a seller from UK, the seller is fantastic with the service and the prices!!GO for Nike Miler Dri-Fit UV Short Sleeve T-Shirts from SportsShoes Unlimited.", "The quality was way way below the standard of nike. I am now wondering if this is really a nike product or just an imitation.", "I love the look of these and they feel great on.  The mesh makes for quick drying after a good sweat.So why did I only give them three stars?Well, if I would have written the review right away it would have been five stars but I have noticed over time (a short period of time at that) that there's a weak spot on these socks.  When you pull them on you grip right below the upper border and maneuver them over your feet.  When pulling them snug to your lower ankle the material sort of gives a bit and your fingers go through the mesh.  Not all the way through but you hear a bit of ripping so it's just a matter of time before they do, I suppose.  I haven't poked through, yet, but that area looks distorted so I'm betting I'll poke through soon.This has happened on every pair even though I try to be careful.  It seems as though there should be some reinforcement right in that particular area instead of the thin meshy material.  I don't think they will last as long as I expected them to.", "these socks are not the real ones, there is an a lot better version of these that feel more comfortable and a lot better, these don't look nothing like the other ones, they're a lot comfy that this and look a lot better, when you put them in the dryer the can get a little smaller and not too tight but they are not definitely the original sucks, and im telling you they are not because i have 6 pairs of the original and 6 pairs of these, and they are both different and they look the same in the bag they came in.", "they ware like iron and are very cozy perfect fit and nike doesnt make anything bad so these are great socks", "These had better stand up to use. I hope they were really made in the USA. They feel good. But they did arrive in no packaging. Which is kinda weird. I'll have to find them in a brickandmortar to check them out.", "It's very beautiful and I feel comfortable and warm when I wear it. I wear it when I play basketball.", "The fit and quality looked good, but within one month, I threw away 3 of the 6 pair I purchased.  I wear these on my daily walks of 3.5-4.5 miles. As a 62 year old guy with a total knee relplacement, I don't think I am too tough on clothing.  The socks developed holes in the bottom, and this appears to be a consistent problem at least with the lotIi received. I would think that Nike would be more concerned about the quality of the product that displays their logo.  Very disappointed.  I will not buy these again.", "My husband asked me to order more so he must like them! They seem to be a nice sock for the middle price range, not cheap but not too expensive.", "Good socks. Sporty and comfortable. Good for sports activity or casual wear. Will look for more of these in other colors.", "These are made of very good quality fabric and extremely comfortable.  I not only wear them for golf, but other times too.", "These socks come in a plain plastic bag with no tags and no wrapping. Almost as if someone took apart a six-pack and just mailed them out. They do not have the Nike branding on the inside of the upper part of the sock. They are looser-fitting than actual Nike socks and tend to slip down to the toe while wearing.Bottom line: pay the extra $5 and get the authentic product from a Nike retail or outlet store.", "I am a men's size 11 and feel like these are too small - not way off but not quite right both in length and tightness.  Quality is good and they breath well, but just didn't fit well enough for those qualities to carry the day.", "I HAVE WORN NIKE SOCKS FOR MANY YEARS AND I CAN TELL YOU THEY ARE BETTER THAN EVER. I RECOMMEND THEM FOR ALL OF YOU WHO LIKE SPORTS.", "At this price I recommand to consider the under armors they are sheeper and a good quality!!I'm running 10Km a week for years and their are one of the best tought!", "Great socks but the price sucks! Too High for only three pair of socks. There good but not at that price.", "Didn't love these. They must run a little small because my feet feel cramped in them. Not much cushion, but you might go for that in your socks.", "Not WigWam's or Thorlos, but fine. These are the four teen more words the review requires.  What a system. Boy.", "These are the best socks I've ever had.  The are a bit tight to put on, but otherwise great product.  My feet sweat a little, but it does keep foot odor to a minimum,  These socks are also great for preventing blisters.", "These socks more that lived up to my expectation, soft well contructed and very strong.  I know I will be wearing them for a long time to come.", "I bought these socks for my sons.  Good quality and the price was good also.  I know from past experience with these socks that they last.", "In between dog walking, treadmill and work, I put in a lot of miles in my socks. Most fall apart in 3 months. These have lasted a little over a year before I started getting wear-through on the ball of the foot area. They hold their shape well and are pretty snug (they have ribbed area around the middle of the foot that some find annoying. I like it as they stay in place. Not really expensive when you consider they last me 3 - 4 times as long as other socks.", "Cant anyone size anything right? Says made in USA.  Why does size 15 always feel like a size 10 package clearly says sizes 12-15. Maybe it will fit a 14 ok or 13 but 15 you need a shoe horn to put on a sock.Not going to waste more time and money to send back. Give to my kids who are a size 10.", "I searched on Amazon.com for NIKE dri fit socks.  I thought that is what I had ordered as they were priced a bit higher than other socks.  When I received them, I learned that the they were regular NIKE socks.  I am a bit disappointed!", "Description was very vague. No sizes & sent like a six pack broken up. . . I cannot give this to someone as a gift. Ok if you want three pair of socks in a bag. They are legit Nike socks. Very quick shipment. So, there are pro's & cons. . . Just won't fit the teenager I was buying for", "3 \"Pack\"!! that's a joke.  These socks came loose, no packaging at all not even a plastic bag and looked like they should have been for sale at a flea market for 50 cents a pair.  Will definately be returning them.", "My son wears these in gym class, good sock, popular and wears/ washes well. highly recommend for those kids wearing the slide sandals", "Socks that fit and feel great. Although pretty pricey, Nike socks feel great and provide a lot of comfort. Only negative side for those of you who do not like linen going everywhere, if you do sweat in them for the first couple of uses, it will get all over your feet and in your shoes. That though, is a pretty simple clean.", "good fit, the only complaint i might have is that they are sized small. I can live with a snug fit", "These are nice, comfortable socks for misc. sporting activities in Summer.  I need to see how they hold up but at This point I will buy again.", "Although price above the $14.00 retail suggested price, they were send with free shipping which makes a difference. The 3 pair of socks are nice and thick and of true NIKE quality and will be ,long lasting and comfortable which is most important to me when purchasing socks.", "At 71% cotton/27% nylon/2% spandex, these feel like basic cotton socks to me.  They are fine for normal wear, but I wouldn't consider them moisture wicking or performance socks.  They don't compare to the Drymax, etc.", "Not sure about the authenticity.No tags.  No packaging.  They run small.  The Nike Logo looks bunk.If they were real Nike products, I don't know why the tags would need to be removed prior to shipping.  Very suspect.  I don't have the time or effort to send them back or I would.fast delivery though", "Sock size to shoe size in accurate. Socks are to small, waste of money, but good quality. Will give them away to a child.", "I gave it 4 starts as it not as shown , the gray paint strip thing wasn't with the one i got , mine was all white well if i think about it its not that big of a deal. It fit well , feel comfortable , tight , sporty that am going to buy another pack soon.", "These are identical to any low price socks that you can buy in a discount store. They are not Nike dri-fit (not do they say they are) but somehow this comes up when you search for dri-fit. There is no Nike tag or anything Nike about these other than the swoosh on the socks. I can go out and buy similar pair from any street vendor in NYC Chinatown. Socks are ok but nothing like high performance socks. I would not go hiking in these, not wear them for any running or workout. Size runs small, so order a bit larger. I wear 8 1/2 shoes and the L just fits. For anybody with 9 1/2 shoe size these will be to small. I did give them the benefit of the doubt and a days try.", "Great pair of socks, have the dri fit quality that soaks up the sweat while working out to keep your feet dry", "After a few misses with cheaply made socks, these Nike socks are nice and thick and will hopefully last a lot longer than other brands *cough* Asics *cough*. I guess with some things you definitely still get what you pay for, no more going cheap on socks for me!", "For some reason I am a moisture wicking sock lover, not for foot sweat but for my annoyance with pure cotton or wool socks. I have a few of these three packs and I wear them most of the time. So far they have managed to stay white for over 8 months and they are very comfortable for daily use.", "It holds my stuff great.This is my 1st gym bag. So happy with it. Only thing is that its flimsy and does not hold its shape.", "Perfect for our 11 yr old and carrying all of his basketball gear.  Helps keep him very organized and doesn't lose or forget things!", "Gave as a gift only to find out later from the person who received it that the material was worn on one side and had little holes in it. I'm sure it was a fluke that I got a bag that was damaged. Unfortunately, too much work to try to get gift back from person to return. Otherwise, perfect size to fit a basketball and gym clothes and shoes. That is what I was looking for.", "I bought mine to use as a gym bag.  I decided to spend a little more money this time around.Well, after two months of ownership, it appears that that was money wasted.  I only use mine for the gym.  It typically is in my vehicle with a change of gym clothes and nothing more.  I'm not rough with the bag; I don't toss it around or anything of that nature.  The issue I'm already having is that the zipper mechanism is  beginning to malfunction, and one of the two zipper handles has already completely come off its tracks.  Upon closer inspection, it occurs to me that if I move the remaining zipper handle over too far, it's at risk of coming right off the track as well.The bag I replaced was cheaper and served me better than this thing has.Oh, and don't be fooled by the picture.  See how sturdy and durable it looks?  Well, it's quite flimsy.UPDATE:  Two days after this review was originally posted, the other zipper handle came off.  I can no longer zip up my bag.", "After looking everywhere for the perfect bag, my son saw this and never looked at more. The size was even bigger then I expected, its Nike so the quality is there, color is what it looks like. He stuffs his soccer gear, ball, clothes and who knows what else in there.", "Great duffle bag. My son utilize it for football and its great..awesome for sport equipment.easy to carry and nice quality.", "This bag seems to be holding up very well.  We bought 2 for my children's karate sparring gear and related equipment, etc.  The older bag they had fell apart fairly quickly.  These are holding up nicely and large enough to accomodate everything they have and more.", "Daughter loved the bag. Big enough for softball uniform, shoes, big bottle of gatorades, sweats, sweatshirts. Exactly what she was looking for & a very pretty purple. Sturdy enough to have her name professional stitched on it!!", "My son is a swimmer and needed something that could carry workout clothes, school clothes, 2 pairs of shoes, 2 towels, soap/shampoo, a jammer, and snacks. I was worried before ordering that bag that there would be enough room. I was pleasantly surprised when it arrived as it is exactly the right size for all of his stuff. It's also a light weight, yet well built. There are separate compartments to keep things separated. Shoes go on one end, snack on the other. The adjustable shoulder strap is padding and curved so it conforms to your shoulder - perfect if you ride a bike or motorcycle.Basically, if you are a swimmer, soccer, basketball or other sports player and need to keep everything in one bag for your busy lifestyle, this is exactly what this is for. You could fit a ball in here too if you made room. And yes, this is genuine Nike gear.", "very good bag and looks real slick. I needed a good quality bag that looked good and i found it with this product. Its a good size too. .", "i really like this bag...its the same from the picture, i was a little worried that its gonna be too small...but no, its perfect, big bag perfect to travell or go to the hospital like myself...and its nike :D", "It's exactly how it's described and it's very durable. Very spacious too!Came very quickly and I was able to use it right away.", "Very durable bag and looks great. I needed something to quickly throw clothes in for short road trips and was easy to sling over my shoulder for on the go. I've used it quite a bit and it still looks just like new and gets the job done.", "Everything we expected! Fits all the football equipment, but my son is still able to carry it by himself. Very nice!", "i bought this handbag because in july i have plans for the gymactually it says meduim but WOW this bag is really spacefull and im sure that it will serve every athlete purposesgreat product seems to be made of great material i like it didnt use it yet but its good.......", "My Son loves this bag. Says it has tons of room for the many pairs of shoes that he plans to take on vacation", "Although the measurements are listed, I expected a much smaller bag.  I'm able to everything I need for the gym in this bag and still have lots of room left over!  I love it and was a pleasant surprise", "i bought this for my boyfriend for work and he absolutely loves it! its bigger than i thought, but it fits everything he needs. i would repurchase again!", "This bag is large enough for my basketball, uniform, shoes, and I still have room left over. The straps are well sewn.", "First of all I could not believe how fast this got to my house! I ordered it late on a Saturday night and it arrived at my house on Monday--& I live in a tiny town down a dirt road!I bought the bag for my daughter's birthday and when I opened the box I thought the bag was really small, but I had two wrapped shoe boxes and several other wrapped gifts that I &#34;hid&#34; inside it and there was still room. My daughter was really pleased with the size. She said the bigger one would be too unwieldy on the bus, and that this one had plenty of room for her sports equipment and change of clothes. The only thing we were disappointed in was that the only colors available were this navy blue and black.", "I thought it was a good price and decided to give it a try.. it was much better than what I expected. :) I love it.", "I use this bag for yoga and I LOVE IT.  It is sturdy but light.  It has all the compartments that I need.  The &#34;wet/shoe&#34; compartment is the best because I can put my sweaty clothes and towels in there and they don't mix with anything else, and they ALL FIT in that space!!  I can put my gym clothes, my work clothes, and all the stuff I need to be ready for work after the gym.  It's perfect!", "I love how roomy this bag is, and the side pockets have proven very useful.  However, I was very displeased with the thinness of the material.  It looks and feels like it would rip very easily.", "Best Duffel I've owned. Use it everyday. It's light and holds a lot of stuff. Also washed it in the machine with no issues! Love it!", "This this is huge, but will literally hold everything you need.  I go to the gym after work and then usually out with friends and this bag easily holds several changes of clothes, a toilet bag and who knows what else.  I seriously live out of this thing.", "Pretty comfortable for a duffel. I use this during the holidays when I travel home from school. Sometimes I use this for short road trips too. The product is too big for the gym though so I would get the small for that.", "Even this medium is pretty large! Don't be fooled by the picture, this bag has a ton of space! Has a main compartment, 2 smaller side compartments, and another feature is the padded area on the strap for shoulder comfort. My everyday gym/park bag as of now. 5/5", "Bag is good quality but much bigger than expected.  My Son uses this for wrestling and usually has a change of clothes and a second set of gym gear.  I ended up purchasing the medium bag which he likes much better.", "Very pretty and nice quality Nike duffle bag. Shipped fast. Is durable and just the right size. Happy with my purchase.", "Good quality - very happy.  Worked well as a carry on for a two night trip.  Didn't have to check in a bag.", "This is the perfect gym bag for my needs. It is big enough to store just about everything I need to in a gym bag - shoes, change of clothes, workout clothes, swimming costume. It even has some extra space left in case I need to take the kids to the pool at the gym, fits their clothes as well just right. The material is synthetic so it is durable and water resistant. Looks sharp!", "kinda thin in my opinion.lets see if it lasts under frequent use.size is perfect (in no way a huge bag) can b used as cheap weekender or gym bag", "I love my new duffle bag. The pink is so cute and vibrant. And for it to be the medium its a very nice size. I use it as a traveling weekend bag and its very easy to carry whether its on the shoulder or u carry it by hand.", "I definitely love this color and bag design. I know my sister's going to like it as my early christmas gift to her.", "Awesome bag. Durable and versatile. Easy to clean. Also I have used it on about 3 long trip and no damage. Airplane  train and car travel", "muy complacido por el pedido q llego sin ningun retraso gracias muchas gracias lo recomiendo a todos los que deseen comprar", "Gift for someone, I have a smaller one for myself. Both look great and mine has lasted few years with no sign of wear.", "I bought this bag in grey/black and my husband loves it. It's very lightweight but sturdy and he loves the pocket with the vents so he can put his gym shoes in it. He also liked the small pocket on the inside of the bag to put his keys and phone in so he doesn't have to dig around to find them. It also arrived much faster than the estimated ship date.", "I use for the gym. I have everything pink. But this bad is amazing. It looks good. Great material and fits all my stuff.", "My 14 year old grandson loves it.  He is in to alot of sports so it is very versatile and roomy.", "I gave it 5 stars because the bag has plenty of room for gym stuff.  The material is light, but durable.", "It is the perfect size. Wish it had more compartments, and more color selection, but I do recommend it for gym regulars.", "I picked this bag out specifically because it was purple. It is much bigger than I expected it to be, but that was actually a good thing considering the reason I needed a new gym bag to begin with is because the Adidas bag I had was much smaller and started falling apart after about a year from overstuffing it!", "I purchased this bag to carry clothes and gear when I was in physical therapy after a bicycle accident. It holds all my clothes and gear with room to spare and is built to last.  For my purpose it is just the right size.  Highly recommended.", "seems thin but is holding up well and holds all his gear including the size 13s  not a bad buy", "Nice size bag, holds more than expected.  Was not really sure of the size when I was ordering the bag.Delivery was really fast, had expected to have to wait a long time but I received it within in one week after placing the order.", "Excellent price for a top of the line bag. Great for the gym, travel and what ever else. Has become my man purse loaded with extra shoes , protein shakes, snacks etc. Love it!", "I saw this bag at Sports Authority but of the blue color. I looked at Amazon and saw it was cheaper and had more color options, so I decided to buy from here.The red looked much nicer, because it seemed like a dark red color, but actually the color is bright red, which was misleading from the photo.The shape of the bag is much nicer when full, so that's why it's stuffed on the photo and also at the stores they fill the bags with air plastic bags. The bag has some frame on the sides but not it's enough so when it's not full it look deflated.", "Nice bag... Just got the wrong size.  A little bigger than what I wanted.  But overall happy with style and quality", "My husband loves this duffle.  He uses it primarily to go to the gym.  He's able to fit two full size racquet ball racquets, towels, extra clothes, sneakers, water bottle, etc.  He could probably fit triple that...  It's huge and very light weight.  Awesome bag - we're very happy with it and would recommend it to anyone.", "This bag is pretty tough and large enough for a full change of clothes and a basketball.  It's very popular on my son's basketball team.", "It could provide an additional compartment or two to separate items on inside or outside and perhaps a good shoe barn", "I bought this bag from Dick's Sporting Goods and it is significantly better than my last gym bag.It's extremely lightweight but has a lot more room than your average bag without looking too bulky.I am concerned about the thickness of the fabric but we will see how it holds up.One question I have is what the elastic straps on the bottom of the bag are for? They are attached with a tag tie and look like they are supposed to be removed. Anyone know?", "This bag is perfect for the gym. Its larger than expected!  Love the color too! Ships fast as well and reasonably priced", "I am delighted with the size and quality of my gym bag, but would like a place to put my damp towel after a workout. Dirty clothes conveniently go in one of the side compartments and my collection of shampoos,etc go in the other side compartment. therwise a great bag that I think will serve me for many years.", "Perfect size and true to color shown on site! My husband uses it everday for the gym. Could not be happier!", "This is a great bag. I couldn't have bought one like this anywhere else. It is perfect for carrying my child's gym equipment. She loves the color.", "Perfect size for basketball practice and overnight trips.  It can hold a basketball, a pair of shoes, and a waterbottle easily.", "Looks just like the photo and a great size duffel bag, could easily fit clothes shoes and other articles. Loved the price and quality as well. Pretty bright red!", "My wife just told me she saw my gym bag here. I am a bit shocked to see it sell at this high price in Amazon. Isn't Amazon supposed to be price competitive?Anyway, I got it in our local Marshall's. So my suggestion is to check your local stores first, because this one is really over priced here. I got it for $16.As for the quality, I would see I like it so far. Since it is obtained at less than $20, I did not take extra good care of it. This one is a soft bag. I can easily stuff it into a gym locker. It is usually squeezed in because I have put a lot of things in it. But it has not been easily broken. A tough bag that satisfies my need.Again, if I bought it at $30+, I might think twice when pushing the stuffed bag into the steel locker. Glad I bought this bag. And glad I bought it at a better price.", "Nice looking, name brand, blue, what more can you ask for. Use it for the gym or for pick up games at the park. Can fit a basketball, more then one Gatorade, extra pair of basketball clothes, cell phone. All the thing needed for a gym rat.", "This is a pretty good bag. I probably could have read the description more carefully, but I thought it would have been bigger.  Overall, it performs it's function, but it's a little pricey for the size.", "I had this bag for a abour 1 year and still looks and works great.. thinking about getting one more", "I would almost classify this as an X-Large bag.  This thing is very durable but also very big.  Was expecting to use for everyday practice ended up only using it for long travel games.", "LOVE IT!!! such a sturdy bag to hold all my softball things and great quality for what it endures !", "My 15 year old loves this bag.  It is big and has lots of space for Lacrosse equipment.  She stays after school 5 days a week and this bag goes everywhere.  She loves how it handles and keeps all her equipment together.", "EL producto es excelente,Me fue muy util, y de una gran marca como NIKE, representa calidad, ya he utilizado para los viajes, y me ha soportado la humedad de cambio de clima de Calor a frio en los viajes.Thank you...", "The color purple of this bag is not deep enough for soccer boys to be carrying around without comments. It shouldn't be advertised as an adult unisex bag.", "I liked the bag a lot and got a lot of use from it for about a year in a half. I kept it in my car and over time the top began to peel off pieces of the material. Great size to fit my needs just wish I kept it out of my car now.", "I purchased this for my son in law and he loved it.  It was everything as detailed when I purchased it.", "I ordered this bag for my boyfriend for Christmas! He needed a big bag for all his workout gear and supplements. He practically lives out of it! Awesome purchase!! Very big duffle bag and fits plenty of stuff.", "grandson asked for it and loves it - enough said.  was out of stock but shipped as soon as it cme in.", "Bag has held up well after a year of constant use & abuse. Zipper & handles are still intact (and that's more than I'd expected for the price) even after 3 different sporting season's abuse by our teenager. This bag might make it to be a hand-me-down!", "I bought this for my GF and it was perfect the only thing is it was so much bigger than I expected", "We love this duffle, we have been looking for one for a while and my son loves it. Thank you so much.", "My husband uses this bag for the gym and for weekend travels. Good, durable material and zippers. My husband can finally get rid of his ripped gym bag.", "Okay product little more expensive than what I thought it should be not as durable as I thought it would be would not purchase another one", "i guess it was just a large sports bag and it works for basketball and gym and all those other things.", "Great bag for all ages, but especially students on the run.  Very happy to see the shoulder strap padded.  Good job Nike, I am sure this bag will get lots of use.", "You can't imagine how much this holds. It is rugged and roomy very light.  Even when full not heavy to carry.", "The duffel bag holds all of my husband's gym stuff and is very sturdy. Both of my teenagers have this same bag and have not had any issues with the bag holding up, and they throw it around all the time like typical teenagers.  lol", "My son loves this bag.  Big enough to hold all his gear, but not so big that it's hard to lug around.", "Thought it had a smell for a long time. Washed it a few times. Don't seem to notice now. Also, the medium is WAY to large for my needs. I get shoes, towel, shorts, socks, shirt and still have the same amount of room or more left over. Should have gotten small. End pockets are nice for shower shoes and shampoo and soap.", "i HAD BEEN USING MY BACK PACK TO GO TO THE GYM - THIS WORKS SO MUCH BETTER - i LOVE THAT IT HAS A PLACE FOR MY SHOES. IAM HAPPY WITH IT", "High product quality, the colors are much more cute to have it in your hands, I read other reviews that they said that the size was not ideal but for me is right paraa carry your stuff to the gym or do your workouts, I recommend it.", "I was supprised to see how the big duffel bag came into a little box. Holds a lot and I'm a Nike fan as well.", "My son absolutely loves Nike. Nike shirts, Nike shoes, Nike socks...and this was a must have for him. He uses this bag to go to sleepovers and vacations. No one else can use it and I will probably be purchasing a new one soon.", "If you don't carry more than shoes, a towel and gym clothes.  This is the right bag for you.  I wouldn't suggest getting a larger bag, unless, you are carrying sporting equipment with you.  Great bag, which I use every day!", "Was a little bit smaller than I thought it was going to be but it is a sturdy bag and it has worked great for what I needed it for", "Great quality, perfect size for the gym as well as carry on for air travel. Exactly what I expected from the description", "First, this is a great bag. No complaints.  Second, don't listen to those telling you this thing is small.  Barely fits into standard compact locker.  If you are looking for a bag to hold 20 pounds of gear, this is for you, if you have underwear, running shoes, shirts, sweatpants, towel and deodorant, then MOST definitely go to the same bag 1 size down (The SMALL Size)", "I love this bag it has plenty of space and i can fit my basketball and two pair of shoes in there , and its very easy to cary. i love this bag 100%", "This bag is perfect for sports, sleepovers, or just caring things around. It is the perfect size for a kid.", "Highly recommend this bag, great quality perfect size, and love the color (so girly). :)I receive LOTS of Compliments on this bag.", "Let me just start off by saying that I was afraid that the Nike bag would arrive after NOVEMBER 3. I originally bought this item for my trip on November 3 and I didn't need a big and bulky suitcase to lug around. I received it BEFORE the delivery estimate!! I received it yesterday, October 26.Haven't had any time to experience with it yet, but I will take a look at what all will fit this weekend.I will post a video and pictures this weekend, so that you can see for yourself if the product pictures are enough for you to buy this item.This bag include 2 large side pockets (perfect for your lacrosse shoes or passport and airline tickets if you're flying with carry on baggage. It has a handle on the side for easier handling, which is very nice as well. Inside the bag, you'll find a sturdy piece of plastic to support all your various personal belongings.I WILL EDIT THIS AND ADD TO THIS REVIEW AFTER MY TRIP NEXT WEEK!Thanks", "Works perfect for my daughter and all her volleyball needs! Can fit food, blanket and all essentials in it!! Nice bag!", "Excellent Quality for the price!  The bag is very sturdy, and well made.  I would recomend it to others!  Just what I was looking for!", "Well designed product, arrived within a few days and well priced. Product was shipped as described, I look forward to future purchases.", "I expected a canvass- like duffel bag that would maintain its structure and durability ; however, this bag is sorta flimsy and the material is really thin. this is not the type of bag that you can throw around or that will sustain as much abuse as a canvass bag. All that said, I still like the bag, the design looks really good and the side pockets are spacious. I would have loved this bag if it had an additional pocket (for keys, cell-phone/ wallet).", "Exelente producto, cumpli&oacute; con mis espectativas, el tiempo de entrega fue el acordado.Los producto nike siempre con buena calidad de acabados.", "Use it for coaching tennis. Inside pocket is good. the zipper sides are good too. Good quality and good price.", "Bought the nike bag just to go to the gym, but it has gone on 3 trips with me. Its the perfect size to use as a carry on!", "I am by no means low maintenance, so for a while there my morning gym routine involved lugging three bags full of straightening irons, blow dryers, make up and, of course, my work clothes, to and from the gym. Add in that I do double days (and don't particularly like re-wearing sweaty morning gym clothes) and I REALLY needed a sturdy, large gym bag. This bag fits everything with room to spare but doesn't feel too bulky, and fits easily in my gym locker. It also doesn't feel like it is about to buckle from the weight. Highly recommend. The only thing I wish it had was a small pocket for my keys and gym lock.", "Great bag..the wife fits everything she needs to train..highly recommend this bag for those who workout and have lots of gear.", "Very happy with the product all around, holds a surprising amount of gear despite its seemingly small size.  Seems to be very durable so far, and has many separate little holding areas for various bits of gear.", "Great bag for the price.  Price was less then purchasing in the store. Holds all of my sons sproting equipment nicely", "Nice bag. Looks strong enough, the fabric is rather thin but feels robust. Takes lots of stuff. three more words required", "My daughter is a star athlete & she loves this bag!  This bag holds just about anything she can think of.  It's a quality product sold at a fair price & was delivered in a short amount of time.  Thumbs up all around on this bag, homies!", "a little high priced for  what it is nothing special not any more quality than a cheaper bag from a competitor", "The price was good it's good size holds up great my son has used this all school year and it still looks as if we just got it", "The bag is perfect for my son's karate gear needs as well as any extras that he has.  The color is perfect too.", "I love the bag and it is as described. However I have used the adidas duffel bags from the friend and those definitely felt a little bit more tougher and durable than this one. So I did consider them a better purchase even if they are a little more expensive.But this bag definitely looks a lot nicer. Is durable enough and since I bascially bought it as a laundry bag or long weekend trips it should hold me good.", "Very nice bag, my son loves it! Quality is good and the price is excellent..he uses this bag for gym in school everyday, totally recomend it.", "Lovely color, great quality. I am writing this review 6 months after purchase because, well. you can't tell how a product will last in a few uses.This has been used every day since purchase to carry smelly wrestling shoes, track shoes, football cleats and basketballs.  It has worked out so well we bought a smaller one for the younger sibling.Buying quality once in a while saves money.", "Good quality product. Seems to fit everything I need with some room to spare:- 1 pair of shoes- change of clothes- 2 water bottles- towel- jump ropes- wrist guards", "I expected a smaller bag. The bag is a bit too big to go to the gym or track practice", "It's big. It's light. The only thing that was disappointing is that I ordered a red/black bag. We received a blue/black bag. Still a great bag.", "Nice bag with lots of room.  3 compartments are convenient, shoulder strap is comfortable.  I love the Blue and Black together.", "the bag is of good quality cloth and not cheap plastic.  been using it as a gym bag  for the last month and so far so good...we'll see how long this bag will last.  my last bag was a fila with plastic inside but it lasted 5yrs before the straps started tearing.", "Purchased this duffel bag for my son who loves Nike. He uses it as a basketball bag. It can hold all his stuff and then some.It is the perfect size. Has pockets on each side to carry extra stuff. He loves it.", "I initially wanted to get this as a gym bag for my boyfriend. Read all the great reviews on the bag and decided to go ahead and make the purchase. Got to the checkout page and the total came out to $41.99. Found the same exact bag cheaper on ebags.com for a discounted price of $28.99 with FREE SHIPPING! So, I decided to cancel my order and bought the bag from ebags.com... Great bag, my boyfriend loved it for going to the gym purposes. However, check out other websites that may sell the same bag for a bit cheaper before you order yours on Amazon.", "Came at a great time and the durability is outstanding. i bought this for my husband since he needed a new gym bag. He said it was perfect, and a great size.", "Perfect size for your shoes and workout gear..I love the multiple pockets! And, if you love fuchsia or pink, this bag is for you!", "I am really enjoying this duffel bag for gym use. It holds plenty of stuff including my sneakers on one side pocket and pool sandals on the other. A complete change of clothes and plenty of other stuff only takes up half of the main area. Hopefully it last for a few years . . .", "I was generally disappointed. The material is pretty thin. The &#34;shoe&#34; pocket barely holds my 9 1/2 high tops, that have to be placed back to front  and you can't easily insert them without touching the soles. I use this primarily as a gym bag and it is too large, unstructured and lacking compartments. Unless your normal routine is to arrive and depart in work out clothes, and carry a lot of equipment, this is not your bag...", "I like the bag-it is a solid quality and as described. Not much else to say as it is a gym bag-they are hard to mess up. Good space and the right amount of compartments for towels, squirt bottles, supplements, etc.", "THIS IS A GREAT BAG WAS MORE THAN I EXPECTED LOVE IT AND USE IT EVERYDAY.I AM GOING TO GET ONE FOR MY FRIENDS ,WAY TO GO NIKE HATS OFF", "We bought this bag for my son as he is getting into more and more sports going into the 7th grade, he plays soccer, basketball and baseball. He loved the bag and it seems very durable for him.", "I got this bag for a friend at the gym who has never had a gym bag and he loves it!", "Perfect for daughters needs...she can fit all of her stuff in here while traveling. It is made good and is very durable.", "This is a very good bag. It just arrived. It is everything i wanted in my gym bag. The Medium is pretty big, so if you're contemplating the large, I'd say the medium is big enough. The zipper seems like it could be stronger but time will tell.", "my son was going to a family reunion that Thursday  night and it came that Wednesday  afternoon..Right on time and he loved it!! just the right size for everything to fit shoes and all!!!", "This bag is awesome.! I was looking for a larger duffle bag since my 24\" wasn't holding everything I needed. I had ordered the coldwater one for 14.99, but it smelled like a shower curtain liner for over a week. Back it went! After that I was afraid to order online because of the smell issue. I found a small sports store by my house and they had this one in stock. NO SMELL!!!  Big and roomy to boot. On each end the have zippered compartments which are good for shoes or wet towels. The handles are padded which is really nice. The bag is light to carry but seems very durable. Yes it was a lot more than the other one I ordered but totally worth every penny. Better quality construction, padding, compartments, and NO SMELL!!!!", "This is a great bag.  The only reason I didn't give it a five is because I would like a front outside pocket.  Other than that it is a great bag.  It fits in the locker easly and the zippers open smoothly. Room in this bag is not a problem. When i go to the gym I pack a towel, a sweat towel, shoes, jeans, shirt, underwear, swimming gear, shower gear, two water bottels (blender shaker type), flip flops and there is still room.  If you are looking for a gym bag this is one you should consider.", "Great sized gym bag. Fits my boots, uniform, towel, and lunch making trips to work easier. It is also very lightweight and dries off quickly. The only change I would make, if I could, would be adding a couple more small pockets for things like keys, wallet, cellphone etc. There is one pocket, but it only has a velco closure.", "My son loves this bag. It is much larger than we thought, which we love.  He carries his sneakers, basketball, extra clothes, a towel his uniform and extra clothes around in this bag.  The seams and straps are very well sewn. I strongly recommend this bag to athletes and light travelers.", "Bigger than i thought it was, and it protects everything i bring on a trip. its a tough bag. you should get one :)", "Nice, large Nike duffle bag with separate zippered compartments on the side. Very pleased with size and overall quality of bag.", "comfortable grip, very nice color, big enough, item as described, good quiality and i would buy it again in case i need it without a doubt.", "My Grandson loves everything Nike so this was the perfect gift. He loves it. I think it's a nice heavy duty bag.", "I do too many 2-3 day trips where I want to carry on a soft bag, lots of regional airplanes in my life.After trying a couple different brands I grabbed this and I am very pleased.  The bag is well made and sturdy, the stitching appears strong.  Both the handles and shoulder strap are securely attached.  Most important to me is that there are many ways to creatively overstuff the bag without damaging it.The are separate pockets on each end.  One is vented so it's great for workout clothes.  They're also nice for holding the ziplock bags you have to pull out for airport security.I'd imagine that this is a bit large for a workout bag, but great for weekend travel", "I was skeptical about spending this much on a gym bag, but it's worth every penny. Light, spacious, well segmented and, form the feel of it, durable.", "A very simple, small bag to hold a pair of shoes, gym clothes, and a towel.  It has a separate compartment on the front if you want to separate wet stuff from dry stuff.  It easily fits inside my locker at the gym with room to spare.  Note it is soft sided, so no rigid bottom or structured compartment if you're looking for that.", "I think its a little small (but since I ordered the small size, I cant complain) but its a great bag! I have no complaints!", "Liked quality and size to go club with kids, not too big for short traveling for example. Arrived on time. All experience was ok", "This bag has made my life so much easier. I carry all of my gym stuff in it and still have room to spare.", "Perfect sized duffel bag especially for the gym! Not too big but not too small! Well worth the money and I love the color.", "This bag is a gift for my wife and she is really satisficed with this product. I am happy with my buy.", "I travel to the Philippines from the US a few times a year.  After dealing with different airline policies regarding the size/weight of carry on bags they allow I decided to try to find a simple very light weight solution that would be acceptable to all the different airlines both international and domestic in the US and the Philippines.  The worst weight I was allowed by an airline for a carry on bag has been 11 pounds and the best has been around 40 pounds.  I personally have traveled to Asia so many times that the 11 pounds is not a problem as long as I can find a light weight bag to use.  I was successful in packing the following inside this bag:  2 cargo shorts, 2 shirts, 3 pair underwear, 2 belts, 2 pair eyeglasses, quart hygiene bag with hygiene items, alarm clock, 2 cell phones, digital camera w/case, Google Nexus 7 Tablet, full size folder w/all travel paperwork, passport w/case, Kindle E-reader, Mp3 player w/ear-buds. This bag weight less then 1 pound and the weight of everything I listed here plus the bag total was about 10.3 pounds. It is possible for any bag to have a zipper failure or a tear but I have used this bag for 2 trips of over 36,000 miles on 10 different airlines and it still looks as good as it did when it was brand new.  I would think that the bag might get more \"wear and tear\" being used as a gym bag then it does as a carry on.  I am always very careful with my carry on bags and for the price I don't think you can go wrong with this when using it for \"light travel\" on an airline.  I have used name brand luggage costing over 10 times as much that has not worked out as well on my trips as this bag has.", "The size is perfect for just a pair of gym shoes and a change of clothes. The only issue is that the zipper for the small pouch is broken at one end, so I can never close it fully.", "This bag was just what I needed:  a small, durable bag for transporting my extra clothes, shoes and water (along with whatever random things I have with me) to and from school for tennis practice. It could do with some other smaller pockets, but is overall good for the price and will last me a while! I recommend it to people looking for a small reliable bag just for essentials.", "I love this bag! I was a bit hesitant on purchasing it because of the reviews stating the odor, the size, and the quality but everything was quite the opposite for me! The size is perfect! I can fit a magazine, shoes, lifting straps, hooks, hoodie, and all my other wo gear and more in the bag. The bag doesn't have a smell and the seams are fine. I have no issues with the bag whatsoever! I love it!", "This is the perfect-sized gym bag - not too big and I love the bright pink color.  I would definitely recommend it.", "I am very happy with my purchase. This bag is the perfect size and is well manufactured. Thanks again Nike for making a great product as always.", "Very nice product and is pretty small but has quite a few pockets for you phone and to keep your money safe.", "I bought it for a secret Santa  gift exchange. The recipient was very happy with the item. Size is average and design is nice.", "The shoulder strap snapped off (the nylon band came clean away from the stitching) after 7 very light uses - just going back and forth to the gym, in the car.  Overpriced piece of junk.", "Really simple as to why I'm not satisfied. NO side pockets. Could of been perfect. It's ok but not loving it", "Quick shipping.  Nice size bag. I ordered this for my daughter to use for cheerleading.  The bag is the right size for teen not big and bulky", "My daughter picked out this bag.  It's perfect for her, not too big or small to hold what she needs while traveling to her softball games.  She just loves it!", "Received my Nike Duffel bag.  So cute.  It's just the right size for my work out gear.  Love the color.  Shipping was PRONTO!  Thinking about getting it in another color.  I love the front zip storage for misc. items.  Great selection.  If you exercise and go to they gym this is a great little fashion statement.", "However too small - excellent product.  We will purchase the next size up next time. Quality of product was as expected - classy and sturdy for a 16 year old.", "Bag is great. It's small, but you can fit a lot in it. Perfect for an every day gym bag and even an overnight bag.", "i love this bag it's perfect size to bring what u need to the gym and be stylish i love nike so it's a show of for my gear lol.", "I ordered this item to serve as my gym bag to hold my sneakers, socks, shorts, T-shirt, watch, iPod, and possibly a magazine. When I received this bag via US Mail (which arrived several days early), I was surprised to find it to be smaller than expected. For my needs it should be ok, but I was expecting something about 15% larger. Also, there's only one side pocket on the outside and a small interior velcro-ed pouch on the inside. The shoulder strap is sewn on the bag, so it isn't removable. The bag does have a small meshed window on one end for ventilation which is nice.So if you need a very small bag for a minimal number of items to take to the gym, this bag will do.", "Beautiful, vibrant color. Sturdy bag. My daughter uses it for all her heavy books for school. Great quality and not a ginormous bulky gym duffle bag. Perfect for women.", "My wife and I were looking for a small bag to take to the gym. I just got this bag and I'm going to order another for her. Its the perfect size for us. I can fit my shoes, belt, shower bag and underclothes comfortably with plenty of room left over. It has some form to so its easy to pack/unpack. One note the material seems a little light weight so I'm not sure how it will hold up, but so far I think its perfect!!", "The product is far too small to be useful for anything except maybe carrying a pair of shorts, a shirt, and some flip flops. However, if that is what you want, it is high quality.", "Was the perfect color and brand for my grand daughter and the price was great. Fast shipment great overall communication", "This bag is petite and fits me very well. Holds my shoes and change of clothes. Has only 1 pocket inside so keeping all my things organized is a challenge. I am very satisfied with the bag!", "I love the colour of this bag, it is really nice and it may not look like it could hold much at first, but it has a good bit of space inside.", "I'm stunned at out how incredibly cheaply this bag is made. The fabric is uber thin, the stitching done badly (strings hanging off, seams don't quite line up, cheesy shoulder strap). And it REEKS of chemicals. But the style is the perfect size and shape for my workout needs. :-(  A shame, I wish it was strong enough to be my permanent bag, but it will clearly be something to tide me over till I find something that's not going to rip.", "This product looks awesome and is perfect for going to the gym. I was able to get everything into it and had some extra room. Great buy!", "The product it's exactly as described, I bought this bag to take to Gym and I like it, it does the job. I recommend it.", "It's nice and what I wanted! I love it but I really wanted it to have more compartment! Other then that it's great!", "it is the perfect size, has enough compartments for the stuff i need, the material is very nice and the little mesh on the side of it gets rid of bad odors.", "Really nice and great size for my kid. Ideal for school, P.E. and the gym. It had space for wet clothes.", "Muy buen material, la atenci&oacute;n fue muy buena, el tiempo estimado para la llegada del bolso fue el indicado rapido", "this bag is light and breathes well.  I now wish it had more pockets, as it only has one small one on the inside and the outside zipper.  great buy to hold some shoes and clothes", "the size is perfect. It's not to big and not to small. it is well made and looks sporty. It has only two compartments so its simple to find and separate my gym stuff.", "Perfect size for the gym.  I can fit my running shoes, water bottle, socks, change of clothes, body wash, and a large 1 gal. Ziploc bag with various accessories.  I wish the outer pocket zipped from both sides to create better control of whats in it (like the top zipper).  Overall, I am very happy with it.  Its roomy and does what I need it to do.", "It is not too small, but it is also not too big!If you have a personal locker at gym, then then the bag fits very well!", "Main compartment holds a pair of shoes, gym clothes, easy with space to spare, no problem at all.  There's a small internal accessory pouch for keys or other such items.  Side pocket as well as you can see in the image.  Perfect size fits easily in a locker.  Looks plenty durable and looks sharp in red/black.  Handle wrap clasp has a nametag sewn on the inside, where you can ink in your name and number.  Only small complaint would be the over the shoulder strap doesn't have a wrap around type pad/clasp, so the longer straps can be a tad disorderly.", "Great quality.  Size is perfect.  I do not want to use my old giant gym bag anymore. This fits everything perfectly.", "I love the bag. The size is perfect for my water bottle, towel, gym book, and other things I might need.", "I was looking for an attractive sports bag to carry my golf shoes, and I found it!  The price was perfect.", "I take this bag to the gym in the mornings and then carry it to work with me.  It's the perfect size for one outfit + an umbrella + plus whatever misc. work stuff I have.  Seems durable so far, just what I was looking for.", "Despite this product is small is very confortable and usefull. I recommend it for go out the street in day to day.", "My son needed a bag for little league football and this one fit the bill. Fairly good Nike brand quality and has sufficient  space for the purpose it was purchased. I would definitely recommended to family and friends. I did however thought it would be a little bigger.", "The Product was great! Not too big or small either. Just the perfect fit. I'm giving it as a gift to my bestfriend. She's in 4 sports. Student's Run L.A, Cross Country, Soccer, and Softball. The bag has a great amount of space inside without looking like a big bag or a small bag, you can fit a lot of things such as shoes, clothing, another shoesxD ...  and many more! And I'm pretty sure my betfriend will love this!:D ... hopefully^.^ , but I love it. Imma buy more in the future>;D . I Would totally recommend it^.^", "Have no complaints over this small bag, very cute. It actually holds more than I expected. Would recommend it, and would buy again", "I needed a bag for various work items.  Cellphone, radio, chargers... ect.  This bag was perfect as most gym/duffel bags are too big.  My only complaint is the lack out extra pockets.  I would like some smaller pockets for pens and small items that seem to get lost in the one large pocket.  But I guess with a smaller bag, there are going to be some inherent drawbacks.", "Terrific soccer bag for my 7 year old. She used it for every opractice and every game this season. Holds a whole lot of little girl stuff!", "Strong enough, well made, big enough. I bought it as a B-day gift for my wife, and she loved it.", "I purchased this for my daughter approximately 2 years ago and it gets used A LOT! I ordered this one because she's very tiny and needed a bag like this, just like all of her team-mates had, but not as large as most of them come. She now uses it three days a week for dance, so its used a lot still.  I can't believe how well it has held up. Great seller, as well. You won't be dissapointed.", "Good bag fits what I need for gym. Doesn't look big either to carry, nice and stylish no matter where you go.", "Plenty of space for cycling shoes and all the rest of my gym necessities. I just wish there was an outside pocket for my water bottle.", "I had ordered this same duffel bag in a different color for myself and I loved it so I also ordered one for my husband in black.  It is the perfect size for everything you need to take to the gym.", "Purchased this for my husband. I can fit all his clothes and his shoes without having to cram everything together. Good quality and material. No problems thus far. Very happy with the purchase.", "it is the right size for my gym needs.  however, it only has one pocket while I was looking for more pockets/compartments so that I could get better organized.  I would be willing to pay for more if they add more pockets.", "fast shipment i love the color as well. i am just a bit concern on the material it doesnt look that durable.", "Looks small but it's actually big from inside fits 4 sets of clothes tennis sandals n pre-work out i love it", "It's a good bag to hit the gym. However, if you need to have separate compartments for all your stuff (phone, wallet, etc.), this might not work for you. It's really limited on this aspect. But all in all it's really comfortable to take on.", "The color and size are great. Perfect for carrying all gym necessities for after work/school. The small pocket inside is perfect for valuables and the front pocket is a good size too.", "Because I thought the bag was bigger! So I was not very happy with it! Needed more information on it.", "This bag is a perfect fit.  It's not too big and not too small.", "Nike Brasilia Duffel is good for the price.  It was smaller than I thought which is awesome since I was looking for a compact duffel i can carry around to work, gym, tennis without it getting in the way while walking through doors and corridors.  Stitching is clean and construction is sturdy.  Design is simple and can fit most essentials.However, if I were to recommend anything to the designers of this bag, it would be:1.  Please add more storage compartments - I usually carry my phone, wallet, money and small toiletries in this bag.  Everytime, I open the side pocket, everything spills out.  Also, since this is usually used with sports, there needs to be a compartment that may allow storage for a water bottle.2.  Perhaps some padding for the shoulder strap -  although this doesn't cause any discomfort at all, it maybe more comfortable when carrying this thing for longer distances and with heavier weight.Otherwise, this duffel bag is perfect for everyday use.", "This bag seems thin, but it's so well-made that, even 9 months later, it holds up like the day I got it.  I've used this thing to tote two 2-liter bottles and it shows no sign of wear nor tear.Terrific product.", "Perfect for my 10 year old basketball player! I didn't want a HUGE bag that would be a burden to carry and look sloppy! Great colors to pick from and wonderful quality!", "Time will tell if this bag is worth it but so far so good. Just wished it had more pockets. Overall, it's serves it's purpose.", "Very attractive looking bag.  My tennis shoes will fit in the outside zippered compartment with some manuevering (or can put shoes inside).  There are no other pockets on outside of bag.  There is one pocket inside to put cell phone or smaller items.  On one upper end of bag, there is a mesh vented area to allow for ventilation but otherwise the bag is solid all the way around.If you carry alot of misc. stuff to gym, this may be too small.  But, it will easily hold a change of clothes, shoes, water, and still have room for other paraphenalia.  The interior of the bag is black.I love the size but more outside pockets would be nice.", "Love it, it's cute and small, fits lots of stuff, the pocket in the front comes in handy, very useful!", "This was a gift for my hubby and he loved it!  the perfect size.  The picture makes it look a like navy but the whole bag is black.", "Perfect size bag for the gym. Carries everything you need and isn't too big and bulky. Very happy with my purchase. Only complaint is about the seller. I paid $37 plus shipping for the bag and the tag when I got it said $25. Why mark up the price?", "I love this bag. It's small but perfect for my work out gear! I can take a change of clothes in it too! Perfect compartments for my heart rate monitor and toiletries. Love it!", "I love the size, its a perfect little bag to bring to the gym. I can just bring one change of clothes and some other stuff (water bottle, towel, etc) in it which is just what I was looking for. I would recommend it for anyone who just wants something small to carry stuff around or to the gym like me.", "X-small duffel bag was the perfect size for my gym care. At first I thought it would have been too small but it was just right. Ventilated side is good for shoesand sweaty gears. Unbelievable spacious. Looks very cool.", "I am surprised by the amount of space the bag has. It classy and would recommend everyone to have one.", "Gave this to my girlfriend for the gym and she loves it. Good size and nice quality. Expands to hold a surprising amount.", "QUICK SHIPPING AND PERFECT SIZE. IT FITS AT LEAST ONE PAIR OF CLOTHES, PAIR OF SHOES, WATER BOTTLE, HEAD PHONES, IPOD, IPOD ARM BAND, TANNING LOTION, KEYS, ETC.", "My 13 year old daughter plays countless school sports. This duffel bag is perfect...and so much nicer than using a drawstring bag. It's a square type of bag, so it fits in a locker or under the seat on the school bus.", "This is a very well constructed and light weight duffle bag in a super convenient size for smaller needs.  My college student son uses it for carrying around his workout clothes to classes so he can go to the gym directly after classes without walking all the way back to his car.  It's difficult to find this size.", "I bought this for my husband.  He needed a small gym bag that wasn't too bulky--just something big enough to fit some clean clothes and the essentials.  It's compact and has a nice, simple design.", "Got this for my dad for Christmas, he goes to the gym every day but always carries his towel and change of shoes/clothes or puts his stuff in a GROCERY BAG! I couldn't believe it, haha. He's a big Nike fan, so I bought him this and he loves it! Very durable and great size.", "Absolutely love my bag. Bigger than I expected and holds all the things I need to change for the gym including shoes and water. Great price and fast shipping.", "I love this bag. I fit my spin shoes, towel, water bottle, almost my whole yoga mat. I don't mind the mat sticking out. Since I'm only 5&#34;1' this bag is the perfect size. The strap is adjustable so for a short person like myself I can wear it a little shorter. Still fits what I need without being too big or heavy. The bag itself is very light, and the color is gorgeous. Violet is vibrant without being neon.LOVE this bag!", "I looked for the perfect duffle bag for my son and I are our local stores,  but everything seemed to be way too big for what I needed.  I finally decided to look on Amazon and came along this bag.  I went back and fourth about it for a few days before I decided to order it,  and I must say  --  I am so glad that I did order it.  It's the perfect size for my sons stuff along with mine when we go to our local gym to go swimming.  It will also do nicely as a diaper bag in July when I am due with my daughter and I will still be able to fit my sons stuff in it as well.  I'm extremely happy with my purchase,  only thing I wish was different  --  I hadn't waited a few days to order it and JUST ordered the bag.  Also was delivered to my door about 5 days sooner then my expected delivery date.  Perfect order and everything.  Thank you!  (:", "I didnt like this bag because its too small , I thought it was bigger , its like a woman's purse", "Bought this for my son to use at basketball practice.  It is the perfect size for a few items but as other reviewers have noted, it isnt large and not terribly heavy duty.  Good for 2 or 3 items only.  And there is no space for a water bottle.  While one can fit inside, the bag is not tall enough for a bottle to stand upright.  Other than this, it looks good and has a couple of small pockets inside and has nice carry handles.  It holds my 10 year olds basketball shoes, sport goggles and light jacket.  Not much else.  Good for a young kid.", "The size XS bag is the perfect size for a trip to the gym. I can fit my tennis shoes, workout clothes, a change of normal clothes and a small makeup and toiletry bag in it.", "Is the right size for the gym, the color is beautiful also. I dont give a 5 because i wanted to have a pocket for water, something that I did not realize when I bought it and i dont specify to put the invoice outside because my shipping company need it, i dont know why. Besides that is a great item and i recommend buying it.", "This duffle bag was smaller than my purse. Couldn't use it as a gym bag at all. Better for kids' travel bag for toys.", "I only wish it had 2 zippers on the front compartment. Other than that it fits my needs perfectly for gym", "5 years ago Nike had a 19-inch duffel bag that was perfect. It had exterior pockets at both ends, one of which was ventilated. It had a small interior zipper pocket in the main compartment. It just fit under the seat when you had to change to a commuter plane that had tiny or no overhead compartments. You could reach your water bottle or food or book right in front of your feet. Unfortunately this new 19-inch bag doesn't have the same design, doesn't have the nice pockets. There are 21-inch bags with pockets, but they are too big for commuter planes. It's frustrating when a good product (the old 19-inch duffel) disappears.", "You can't beat the comfort of these Nike thongs.  I wear Nike thongs all summer long.  I will be taking these with  me on my vacation in Jamaica.  They are great to slip off at the pool and slip into when you get out of the pool.  I recommend Nike Thongs to all my family and friends.  My daughter-in-law is also a fan.", "its like these ppl just borrowing your money.......they charge u for an item it never arrives then they send u a message that u have returned that item....THAT SUCKS!!!! SO SAVE YOURSELF SOME TIME SPENT TRYING TO GET BACK YOUR MONIES", "Excelente camisa la tela es super fresca y es ideal para hacer correr o hacer ejercicio, la recomiendo 100% gracias", "Quality ... it seems authentic.  I love it. Fits nicely!Cons:  Its a bit pricy, but that's everywhere with these kinds of team shirts", "I bought this for my grand niece for Christmas.  She wanted a Michael Jordan sports bag.  Her mom and I liked the look of this one with the dynamic stripe.  It is a nice bag, but I was disappointed with the general lack of pockets. If I remember correctly, there is only one and the main cavernous section.  Two or three additional zippered pockets of varied sizes would have taken this from an okay bag to a great one.", "Besides paying $45 for a name, this bag has no bottom support. I don't like supporting boule negros but my seedlinz had 2 have it.", "Nothing spectacular. Decent gym bag but I'm not going to rave and say it's the best bag ever. If you just want something to carry your gym shoes and accessories this will work. If you want something fancy look otherwise.", "t-shirt was great it arrived very quickly and was packaged wellmy kid loved it.it was a great xmas giftthe shirt fit and looked greatthanks againwould buy from again", "Bought this for my husband. He uses it to put his phone, earplugs and extra shirt when he heads to the gym. He loves it!", "Little children do not need big backpacks so this is perfect for any age child, but perfect for primary age children.", "Fast service got it way before promised and the nike bag is perfect size for the things i need for the gym.", "Bought this gymsack for my 13 year old daughter to carry her track stuff in.  It is a good quality material and is exactly what she needed.  Looks great too!", "My boyfriend needed something to hold his personal things will at work and this bag is great.  Not too big, not too small.  He takes it to work everyday.  Just as described.  It matches his uniform too.  : )", "Bought this as a last minute gift for my son. He loves it and has retired his full size backpack for this gymsack. Excellent quality, fast shipping. Great experience.", "this was a gift for my boss....he loved it...came just in time to very very nice for the price! Looked everywhere for Nike bags as he is such a Nike fan & I loved the price as it wasnt too expensive..really recommend this seller & product.", "The sack arrived on time, excellent for taking to gym, my shoes and shorts fit well. That's pretty much all that fits. I felt it was a bit smaller than i would have liked.", "Instead of using it as a gymsack, I am currently using it for school and, I have to say, that it is a great product for my use.There is a large space for all my daily class needs (T-89, 2 notebooks, laptop, a couple of pens, pencil, glasses). Even with all that items inside the gymsack, it didn't bulge out or maybe more accurately: much less bulgy than I expected. The gymsack is also high enough to allow it to fully close without being stopped by the width of my notebooks nor 13' laptop. The flat strap is also very comfortable, it is puts much less pressure than the cylindrical strap of my previous gymsack.The only downside is its lack of smaller, separate compartment. It is a little of a hassle to look for small items (pencil, pen, glasses, calculator) in the bottom of the gymsack, but I have found convenient ways to somewhat compensate for this downside: by putting a pen/pencil in the spiral spine of my notebooks.I must also mention the customer service of the seller. My first gymsack was lost on its way here, the seller generously re-ship another gymsack without any additional charges.", "this backpack is actually really good, i always take it where ever i need it and its cool looking .", "love the pack , shipped promptly even with the long wait I was very pleased with the product when it got here", "It was pretty cheaply made, I don't expect it to last that long.  I don't think that it will hold up to normal every day use.", "This sack fits all the items that I need for my gym routine. I figured that a duffel gym bag was big and hefty to carry around, so this one is just perfect, lightweight while staying stylish. Fast shipping by the seller, excellent!", "I originally bought this for my husband to use to go to the gym but in the end I've been using it to carry my boxing gloves in and it's great! Was going to order myself one but my husband just told me to have his!", "Perfect for the gym. Holds my gloves, tablet, and headphones. Does what I need when I don't have pockets.", "item set as original but i doubt that it is. overall good as i dont expect it to be original.", "Just received the bag today, awesome bag, looks really sweet in all black with the white Nike logo, really stands out. Cant wait to use it in 2012!By the way this guys shipping is outstanding, its from NY.Thanks!", "Very popular among the kids in school today. Lighter and easier on the back if you don't have to carry a ____load of crap.", "Lets start by establishing what normal gear you would put in this bag.Running Shoes (10.5 sized), shirt, gym shorts, and a water bottle.Exclude any other items you may want to put in this bag. Why? It wont fit. In fact you may want to carry that 20 oz. water bottle because that will barely fit.I bought the bag because have a gym class in college (the fact I have to take a gym class in college is anothersanother story) and I have to do some labs that are in the textbook in class. This is not a large book. Its about the size of a generic floppy workbook.  The purpose this bag was supposed to serve was to be a quick grab and go when I have to go to my car and switch backpacks or if I just wanted to bring both with me. I can't do that now because of the low capacity it has.Just be mindful that if you are to purchase this bag, putting in shoes will make it uncomfortable to wear. If you do put shoes in the bag it cant be basketball shoes because otherwise nearly nothing else will fit. When you do cram everything in there, don't pay attention to the lack of cushion on your back. The straps don't feel sturdy, so this is not a school backpack.But hey. I have a victory swoosh on the back.", "got the niki black bag for my older grand son they come in handy for putty things in and he loves the bag", "This bag is just what I needed for my workout clothes and a pair of sneakers. The build is solid and the synthetic material is strong, so I know it won't tear easily. The straps are slim and are comfortable to carry (the bag doesn't have much weight in it any way). Perfect for my needs.", "I got this bag because I carry my lunch in it to work...also when I run to the gym on the weekends I keep my protein shake water bottles padlock etc", "This bag holds more than we expected for it's size.  The straps are not rope, like most of this type are.  Instead, they are a solid strap.  Much more comfortable!", "Great bag. I am usiing it to carry my dance shoes.  The bag is sturdy and roomy.  Easy to open and close.  Great for travel too.", "Quality of item is not good. Very first week, threads started coming out. Stitching of the bag is not good", "A good price for a great product. Stitching is very good and the bag seems to be made very well.", "Bought this gymsack for the greatest and most wonderful time of year: Back to school D: D:Anyways, its nicely made as its durable and pretty cool looking. Product top to bottom is 17 inches- its a good size but i imagined it a little bigger. Good product overall", "This is a great quality pouch.  I wanted to put my gym clothes and shoes in it, but ended up just being able to put my clothes in it.  I wish it was a touch larger.", "This is great. Its big enough to carry a lot of stuff i have been using a lot for anything. I like it very much. Awesome purchase", "This is my second gym bag I've bought on amazon and this one is holding up much better than the one i had before.  This bag goes to/from the gym 4x per week holding shorts, tank top, sox, undies, lifting gloves, bottle of soap, thermos with protein shake, couple small towels, tanning lotion bottle, ipod, moisturizer tube, deodorant, everything.  It's even been on a couple cruises and 4 or 5 plane trips.  No issues thus far, it's pretty durable..", "Love this bag I use it for the gym,. I store all I need in my bag and I don't have to use a locker..a must buy", "Seems nice and of good quality.  Son is in the 8th grade and uses it everyday at school.  It seems pretty rugged and still looks great after approx. 4 months of use.  Good item", "I use this bag for all my sports gear. It is durable and just what I wanted to hold my stuff in.", "The gymsack was purchased as a Valentine's gift for my daughter to carry her basketball shoes and clothing in.  She's 6 and her shoes & clothes fit with plenty of room to spare.  It seems well made and sturdy and the colors are great (school colors). I'm planning on purchasing one for myself eventually.", "This bag came in very handy on my 5 week trip.  It held a lot. The straps were comfortable. The only thing I would have liked to have added is a zipper pocket to enable ;me to get to frequently used items more quickly.", "Got this for a student who stuffs his book bag. It was priced well and shipped fast. The pack stood all the cramming of books until the end of school. A good purchase.", "Great product.  Very durable! My kids use this as a book bag since the traditional book bags won't fit into their small lockers.", "i bought this for my husband to carry with him to the gym. its big enough to carry his gym things yet light and easy to carry!", "This gymsack is exactly what i wanted. Was able to fit my gym shoes, clothes, car keys, and water bottle inside. The quality is really great, and sturdy. When i recieved the package, the item was a bit dusty, but i was able to brush it off. Great price for it's quality.", "I purchased a couple of these to use for vacation to carry flip flops, towels, sunscreen, etc. It worked fine. My pre-teen kids enjoyed carrying them, especially when traveling on long excursions, where they could bring along a snack and drink (and their iPods).", "I really, really like this bag, which I bought (in navy and in pink) for traveling. For my use, this gym sack is so much more convenient than a regular backpack, especially when you don't want to spend a lot of time undoing zippers.  When I fly, I usually pack a light sweater, magazine, e-reader, small snack, gum, etc.  Another great thing about this bag is that the shoulder straps are actually straps (and not just strings, like most other gym sacks) which means the straps don't cut into my shoulders.  I've used my bags for well over a year and both still look like new.  This bag is also great for carrying a sweatshirt if you're walking outside a lot and the weather changes.", "Bought this for my grandson who started to high school this fall.  Here it is Christmas, and the bag is still intact!  That says something, if you know anything about boys!More important, it is exactly what he wanted.  He loves it.  He's happy; I'm a hit, so I'm happy!", "Bought this for the wife to take to and from work. Says it works great and has enough room of shoes, clothes and iPod. Would recommend getting this", "I bought this for my son to use while on a trip.  It is a great bag to carry water and snacks and stuff while sight seeing.  It is not as a big and bulky as a back pack but gets the job done.It is a nice looking bag and is very durable.", "Orden&eacute; este producto desde venezuela y llego en buenas condiciones tal y como est&aacute; en la descripci&oacute;n. El producto es de buena calidad y servir&iacute;a para llevar una muda de camisa o de botas.", "It's well made and the size is perfect for my stuff. I have a locker in the gym, so I just carry the stuff that I need to take home in this gym sack and the size is perfect fo my purpose.", "it is being used for a gym bag and has held up a lot better than the last one we got a walmart", "The gym bag was great i bought it so i didn't have to carry around a backpack on campus all the time and the quality is really good. and durable.  my only complaint is the straps could be better as the are a little uncomfortable", "I had only owned the product for two weeks and it already began to rip and tear along the side seam of the bag... The product is not durable and is designed very cheaply. Do not invest your money into this bag there are others out there. Adidas sells gym sack bags, and those are suppose to be very Durable!", "As always, Nike hits it right on.  Perfect size, perfect weight, just what a 10 year old needs going to basketball!!", "I was looking for a small-ish to medium size gym bag, just big enough to hold a couple water bottles, some weight lifting stuff, and my wallet/keys. This is exactly what I was looking for! Looks like its well made and will last.", "Love the bag! It is well made and looks cool. This is an improvement from the previous versions. The caring straps are wider to spread out the weight of the bag.", "The bag appears well put together, but did not last.  I used the bag to carry my bike lock (2 lbs) back and forth from school and after two weeks the fabric tore and frayed at the seam.  Unless all you need to do is carry some light papers, would not recommend.", "I bought this to sling over my back when I take my dog for walks on these hot summer days.  I can pack water for both of us, treats, a little bowl, some food for both of us and there's still plenty of room for whatever else I want to bring.  It leaves my hands free to hold the leash as we trek on.  Seems to hold up quite well.  Straps don't hurt my shoulders at all.", "the service was very fast and was really satisfied with the quality of the product...it was used for school and we love it!!", "I bought this as a backpack for my son at the begining of the year.  Six months later it is still in good shape.  Decent price, and stylish.", "My son needed a small bag for summer camp and I am very pleased with this one! Nice and sturdy!", "I was a little apprehensive purchasing this product because of the cheap price but when I received this for my son, he really liked it.  It was very well made and the straps on the bag are very strong.  I would reccoment this to anyone looking to purchase it!", "Great if your going on a jog or just going out for a couple of hours. Unlike its name it's not only for a gym.", "Good quality, nice bags to carry on long walks. Good size, not too big or too small. Bought two for niece and nephew.", "Love this got it for my boy friend as a christmas giftThinking about getting myself oneI would defiantly tell ppl where to buy this &#9829;", "The Nike bag is wonderful. Great material. Look is very attractive. Perfect size. It's exactly what i need for when i go play indoor soccer: i'm able to take my shoes, wallet, and water bottle in it.Highly Recommend, A+++++", "I'm using this product while commuting to the office. It's not fancy but very functional and meets all the needs it advertises.", "Wonderful,Great, Son very happy, Best One He Every Had. Now the twins wants a few for college. Thank You .. Price is very Low", "Good!", "He was very happy with the shorts!  Great Christmas present.  The red was a good choice because it works with his favorite football team colors.", "I use it everyday to carry my heavy books and it feels really comfortable. I wish it could have more pockets, but the main pocket is big enough for everything.", "I had a couple of Nike backpack before but never satisfy. I saw this running backpack and it looks pretty fancy so I decided to give it a try.It is lightweight, and the Hypervoid material keep the bag in shape and stick to my back when running, the waist belt secure the bag from shafting when I run. The lower compartment is perfect for my running shoes or/and wet clothing.The Aerospan back panel is suppose to let more airflow on my back but I didn't feel it at all. It scuff my neck a bit.The shoulder strap phone pouch is way too small to fit a 4.7 inches smartphone, and I couldn't figure out how can this be fixed on the strap as it will block the chest strap channel, which it can only be fixed on the top. Anyway I removed it.If you are not a fan of hydration reservoir like me, you will find there is no easy access compartment for water bottles.Overall this backpack is pretty good for my 10km run to work and can keep my clothes and laptop neatly.", "As expected, love this bag!", "Got these for a friend who plays a lot of beach volleyball.  They are pretty constricting and he's tall and muscular build but they would like stick to his legs.  It didn't seem like the material was super comfortable either.  I recommend the other Nike Scout striped boardshorts! Those I bought for my boyfriend and he loves them.  The material is way sleeker and they don't stick.", "I love it. It is comfy, long so it covers my bud when Im skating ...love the color.. And it fits true to size", "They are nice shorts but there is no compression. Maybe if you buy a size smaller than you would normally wear they would be more effective.", "These shorts were purchased as a present for my niece. She loves the quality and fit. She has asked me to buy her more pairs.", "Perfect under basketball shorts. Fits and wears nice. I wish they made them in more colors. ( white) Good shorts.", "I love these nike shorts. I just wish the band was lower on the waist, but they are a great fit overall.", "I got the black ones at the Nike store by my house for $25. I liked them so much, that I decided to check if Amazon had other colors, as the store I went only had gray and black. I hope people are reading the reviews before buying them here, because there's no reason to pay so much, and we also have to pay for shipping. They're very comfortable, and I recommend them.", "These shorts are exactly what I wanted. They are comfortable, feel perfectly, and are the best for those intense workouts.", "My granddaughter requested these so I bought them for her. She says they fit great and she really likes them!", "I bought this item for my daughter.It is exactly as it is pictured.My daughter really does likes it.", "These shorts feel like they're made from clouds! At first I was worried that they would be way too tight and would cause my fat to bulge and form a muffin top, but that was not the case. They are very stretchy and very comfortable, and make my butt look great. Also, they are a bitt longer than booty shorts, which is good because I can feel comfortable going to the gym in these. I seriously never want to take them off. BUY BUY BUY you won't regret it! :D", "no me llego", "Bought for granddaughter that is a diver. She loves the shorts and wears them all the time for her practice.", "I have tried many compression shorts and these are by far the best I have found. I do CrossFit and as others who also do it may know, we can go from running, to sit ups, to whatever else is in store.I wear running shorts and hate not having these shorts underneath. I'm always terrified when I get down to do a sit up, the shorts will move and my butt will be there for all to see.These compression shorts don't move an inch up my leg, even when I go from down on the ground to running. Other compression shorts I have to fight with, they roll up my leg,  inch their way up, go up my butt, etc but not these.I highly recommend these for any runner, or any athlete for that matter.", "Bought these for my daughter for cheer.  She is tiny 4'7\" and 75 pounds and they fit her perfectly.  She loves them.  Only thing she will wear for cheer practice and tumbling.  I have to order her another pair.", "I am a high school volleyball player and these are by far my favorite type of spandex. The thick band at the top that you can fold over makes it so that my little hip pudge doesn't bulge in awkward places like with the waistband on Mizuno and most other brands.  I also use these for cheer practices also and they are perfect! I already own a bunch and have about 3 more pairs on the way!", "All of the girls on my daughter's high school dance team wear these now.  They are comfortable for 2-3 hour daily practices, provide better coverage than \"booty shorts,\" and look great.  She has three pairs now and I will probably get her a couple more.", "My daughter is a cheerleader and she wears this under her cheer shorts for practice.She loves the fit! I bought 2 and I am happy that I did.", "This is a great garment to wear for exercising or sports activity that adds needed support that will help you get through the most strenuous routines.  The fabric is very comfortable that will not leave you sweaty, and launders very well; I would recommend a cold water wash when needed.", "Will not deny that these are THE absolute BEST spandex ever. They are comfy, length is great, tight but does not suffocate your stomach. However, I bought the at Big 5 and other sport stores for 25 dollars. DO NOT pay 57 here!!!!", "Great product. Fit and quality were as expected.  These are perfect for volleyball, running, or whatever sport you are engaged in.", "I am a volleyball player, and I am always looking for comfortable spandex that are a decent length (no butt cheeks hanging out) and that are not at all transparent. These were both, and they are amazingly comfortable!!! I am 5'10&#34;, size 8, and the medium fits me perfectly. I will be buying several more pairs.", "This was too large so I returned it.  The design was what I was looking for and the material, just didn't have my size.  :(I would have gotten it in a smaller size, but thinking they were stretch and most of the times these come small, I choose the xl, but should probably have choosen the L or M.", "Your ad stated these shorts started at $25.  However, the size that I needed (small) ended up being over $80, and then I found them the next week at the mall for $30.  I will never purchase anything from amazon again!", "goto nike.com and theyre like $25. do not pay $60 for something you can get for $25!!!!!! These shorts are by far my favorite and im surprised they are so expensive here", "Great shorts to play/practice volleyball in.  The only concern is they do shrink when you dry them.  Have ordered several pair and just remember to hang them up to dry.", "I'm studying to be a nutritionist and physical trainer, and I've tried multiple other products (even by Nike), and these, by far, are my FAVORITE. They are short, but they cover all the necessities while performing. I can run, do stairs, weightlift, and even practice Capoeira (an Afro-brazilian martial art) in these shorts. They are amazingly comfortable, and the waist band does not give that muffin-top feel that I find a lot of other brands do. I'm 5'6\", 123 lbs, highly athletic, and these are comfortable without feeling like they are forgiving. I find these look, feel, and perform the best, and I hunt for this particular line of Nike shorts whenever I can afford them. ABSOLUTELY buy these if you are looking for some shorter shorts!Mind you, I know my thighs are muscular, so they can fold up (not roll!) once on the top, but it is hardly noticable or irritating. Also, these pants are sleek enough to fit under a pair of shorts if that is what you are searching for. Overall, a must have.", "She is an avid runner and loves them and says she want to get more of them. If you have someone who runs half marathons as well then these will be perfect for her.", "The top band wasn't sewn securlely and it came off after the first wash.  Had to re-sew it back on.  Seemsto be holding.", "Although I always enjoy shopping on amazon the retailers representing these shorts are way overpriced&#8230;Ladies go to your local sports shop you will save HALF of what the price is here online..I have 5 teenage girls who LOVE these shorts but I refuse to pay the price being asked here online. Happy Shopping!", "Fit & look great. Love the color too. A nice soft grey. Great for cheer & tumbling. It moves with your body. Thank you.", "Everywhere else you can get them for 25 bucks(zappos, footlocker, ebay......etc.). S***, you can now get them on nike's official website for only 19.99. Why you wanna pay over 60 when you can get them for 20? Amazon, really?", "It is comfortable, soft, and supportive, but for some reason it is a particularly attractive top as well.  When I wear it, people notice it is not an ordinary camisole and say &#34;Wow!&#34;", "It's extremely small. Also, the line that is supposed to be under the bust is right on the bust. If I pull it down, the neck opening becomes too big. The back is especially bad since the big opening shows my bra.Before I purchased the item, I asked the seller a bunch of questions, including whether they were located in GB. They didn't answer that question (I wonder if it was intentional). From the shipping address, I confirmed that it is in GB. I figure it will cost me at least $20 to UPS it back. To use USPS it might be cheaper. But it does not give you a receipt of return.I decided to keep it and give or sell it to a size zero person. It's only $34. I gambled and I lost. The problem is not the product. The problem is I should never buy clothing on the internet unless it provides a free return label !!!!!", "Great pants and best currently on the market I believe.  They last and last and still remain firm and are think enough to be warm enough.", "The Nike Lady Tech Capri Running Tights have a great fit....Thanks for being so prompt in the  delivery.....I love Nike brand workout clothes...I have others and they are great too....", "These are a good accurate indoor soccer shoe, they have a great feel and are extremely comfortable. My only problem is that they cut into the back of my heel, other than that they are great.", "The design on the suit is awesome and colorful! However due to the extreme cut of the suit in the back, water easily creeps into the suit on flip turns and stream lines. I feel a lot of drag while I&#34;m swimming. I would recommend ordering down a size than your usual.", "These are kind of &#34;different&#34; but I like them. By different, I'm talking about the shape with the thick ridge across the top/front and it's rigidness. I am used to the little bags many of my other sportier sunglasses come in, but the leather like case these come in is very sturdy. I feel that this case will protect them better id tossed into my diaper bag or purse.", "For non-polarized, these were a bit pricey.  Well constructed, but the way the handles are pinned onto the inside of the frame, they would not fit my face.  Oddly, the Vintage 77's, which are styled nearly identically fit me just fine.If not for the poor fit, I would probably have kept them, but for a few dollars more, I'll pony up for some legit anti-glare lenses....", "These glasses were very low quality. Not a good buy, they are made with poor quality. Would not recommend this item to any friends or family.", "Bought this hoody for our 9-year-old nephew for Christmas and it is perfect. The fit is perfect and the really loved the &#34;Go Long&#34; on the front. Well made and perfect for a gift.", "Another great Nike quality item!  Great colors and well made...actually bought 2 different colors in this style. Highly recommend this product", "My daughter loves this stylish cold compression shirt by Nike.  It keeps her warm and looks great on her.  Nike does it again great style , warmth and comfort.", "I love this shirt for running in cold weather.  I love the extra long sleeves with thumb holes to keep my hands somewhat warm.  The only issue is it run a little small in the shoulders causing it to feel a bit snug between the shoulder and armpit.", "This medium fits perfectly, I usually wear a medium in Nike tops, and material is warm and breathable if you sweat alot.  Also, the thumb loops help to keep your hands warm.  I took one star off because the blue is much brighter than I expected.", "It has a hard sole that was good for hiking and also for walking a long mile, and it has a reasonable price.", "I wanted this jacket last year but refused to pay $350 for it. When I saw it on Amazon for $175 I ordered the small. Normally I wear a med. And the small was too tight. I'm a 5'5\" 140lb runner, 37\" chest and couldn't zip it closed. The med. fit perfectly.", "great jacket.  super reflectivity  but I usually take a small and ordered a medium and glad I did..it is snug on me", "i love this jacket for night runs! it is perfect and just as advertised. the price was unbeatable, the supplier was very accomodating, and the jacket arrived on schedule. Highly recommend!", "This jacket is truly incredible - offering unbeatable reflectivity and making the wearer highly visible. I got this jacket in an XS and wanted to share that I think the sizing is comparable to other NIke running jackets (and vests) that I have - yes, it is fitted, but I believe that is simply to keep it from being too flouncy while running. A woman in a car even stopped me on the way home to ask me about the jacket - she said I was very noticeable from a distance and called the jacket, \"Awesome.\"", "I have been looking for a light weight reflective jacket to run in for years. This jacket is great!  It provides wonderful reflection as well as protection from the cold and airflow openings for when it starts getting warm.  I would highly recommend this jacket.", "Very nice sweatshirt. very good quality. Looks very comfortable. My son will love this gift. I can't wait until christmas.", "I throw shot, discus and hammer at the Masters level and use the rotational technique in the shot, so I was looking for a throwing shoe that would rotate with little effort and smoothly.  I have found that in these Nike Zoom Rotational 5's!I have owned these shoes for a few weeks now and used them often, and I can report that they are exactly what I was looking for!The Pebax sole should prove to be very durable too.  I just retired my old Nike Zoom throwing shoes which lasted over 7 years and averaged 7-10 track meets a season along with many practices.  If these new ones last even half that long, I will be extremely happy.Only have one suggestion for Nike.  Make them in wide widths!  I usually need 4E in shoes to fit my wide feet, and I only found New Balance offering that option to throwers (which is weird as most throwers are big dudes and they feet are usually wider than the average guy on the street).  The NB shoes lasted only one season and plus were flat on the bottom instead of a little curved, so they didn't rotate smoothly, so I went back to my old Nikes.Because the New Nike Zoom 5's are narrow, I got them 2 full sizes larger than I usually wear and they fit well.  I maybe could have got by with a half size smaller than I got, but that option wasn't available.Even though I was told to expect these shoes in over a month as they were coming from the UK, I got them on my feet within a WEEK!  Very pleased!All in all I love these shoes and expect much success using them!", "the shirt was fine, but i needed to exchange for a smaller size, which they did not have. i had to get a return authorization and i paid for the return postage. i was glad i requested package tracking, because i was still not refunded 10 days after the receipt date. i emailed webzoom with the return proof and got a prompt response and refund thereafter.", "My son loves it! Very easy to wash-wear-- nice and soft! I tell him it is &#34;mind-shattering&#34; for intelligence! ;)", "I bought it for golf, but shoulder is rather small, too fit.Not easy to wear  a shirts under this  for outwear.I am considering of best usage now.", "I hate to give these pants a rating less than 5 stars, but the reason for it isn't really due to the pants.  I purchased a pair of these in a sports store a couple years ago and LOVE them...which is why I was wanting another pair.  But every time I received a pair through amazon they had a defect...namely the threading in the inseam.  Every pair I received had an inseam defect...a big bummer.  Seems like I was being sent pairs that had already been returned.  One pair of them just had the tags throw on top of the pants in the box, instead of being attached, another had the tags attached, but the plastic bag they were in had been opened and the pants weren't folded properly.Like I said...I LOVE these pants.  I just don't know what the deal is with buying them through amazon and getting defective pairs.  I ended up just returning them outright and getting a pair in a store.", "These rock for your yoga, running, pilates, cardio. ANY work out! I am 6ft1 so these fit JUST about right although maybe an inch longer for the inseam would work better, at least for me. They are slim fit so they ARE tight. The fabric is great and doesnt stretch out and look cheap after a couple wears. Totally recommended for work out wear for tall ladies!", "These were a Christmas gift for my daughter and she loves them.  They are a perfect fit.  No buyer's remorse.", "Hate the fabric i have a white dog her hair sticks to these terrible i prefer a more nylon or lycra material and cant seem to find it in nike wear!!!!!!! As well as the nylon and elastane or lycra is way more slimming and supporting to a females active figure!!!!!! Get it rite for goodness sakes you are  NIKE:-)", "I own three pairs of these pants.  I have found they are perfect length for someone who is shorter; I am 5 ft 4 in.  They don't drag on the ground like most pants, and they fit well without feeling too stretched or too loose-a perfect fit.  The pant is lightweight and doesn't feel too hot when wearing them, and they keep there shape no matter how much you wear/wash them.  The color fades slightly, but all pairs have been through literally dozens upon dozens of laundry cycles.  A perfect pant for \"shorter\" people!", "I do really like these pants for lounging, however my intent was to use them for running, and they are a bit to flared for running.", "I wear these pants daily (not the same ones, I have multiple pairs). As a telecommuter, these are my standard uniform. Very comfortable, good fit, and soft. Quality product.", "Love these pants.  I just wish that they had the shorter length available and these are getting harder and harder to find.", "Had a great fit and love the style. I would recommend to anyone active. Great for winter work outs. Thank you", "I put the pants on and thought maybe they looked a bit odd.  I took them off and laid them flat, and sure enough!  One pants leg is longer than the other by a good half-inch!  Unbelievable!!  DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER.  These pants have to be knock-offs.  No way would Nike sell something so off.", "But I line dry for fear they will shrink. They are on the verge of being too short for my super long legs. Like them enough to buy 4 pair!!", "I love these pants, I have 5 pair and I might buy a couple more. They are not like the original dri-fit that had the draw string, (I wonder why Nike stopped making them), but they are still comfortable and they fit nice. I take them with me whenever I travel, they are comfortable to wear on the plane and look nice enough to wear when sightseeing. Love em!", "Young girls love the confidence in going to school with the best looking casual wear but also the most comfortable.  Can't go wrong here. My daughter is long the stock too! :-)", "Short length and small size are very hard to find, since Nike doesn't directly deliver to north america...This S-S pant fits extremely perfect for me 5'5'', and 60% is made of cotton- so comfortable! Definitely recommend!", "My all time favorite.  I am a size 14-16 - they fit great and don't shrink when washed.Love them.", "Great fitting - so hard to find good nike pants these days and they stopped making all the ones I used to wear.  these come as close as the older models.  They fit wonderful", "Our granddaughter loves these shoes and wears them just about everyday to school.  This was a great purchase because it made her so happy.", "Son loves this hoody, it's a quality jacket with Nike quality and the dark green/black color combo are a favorite. Great purchase!", "Great shirt; I have worn and washed the shirt several times. The greatest attribute of the shirt is that it does not shrink. Well worth the price.", "My son didn't want anything &#34;flashy&#34; for school, but he wanted &#34;just a basic Nike shirt&#34;. . . .this satisfied his desires and it was an affordable purchase of great quality!", "These are very nice quality but the fit is small or for a very trim person with a small waist. I do think the quality is nice.", "This is a nice exercie bra to wear under your zumba tanks.  You may be in motion but your bust is not.", "I'm a size 6, and I wear a small in this bra.  It's a great fit and it has excellent support!", "Amazing", "Nike bras are the best for running... this is a high-impact bra, I wore it for the first time this weekend, and felt very supported", "I'm a 32DD, not an easy size to fit and yet a size necessitating a good sports bra!  For most women over a D cup, an adjustable bra is a must.  But sometimes I miss the simplicity of an over-the-head bra.  I do interval training (high impact, requiring an adjustable bra) and hot yoga (low impact).  For yoga I decided to look for a simple (and less expensive!) sports bra.The Nike Victory Shape does the job, but it's not perfect.  It's very well designed.  There are mesh panals where sweat accumulates the most (back, under bust) and the shoulder straps have no elastic, allowing for less bounce.  The moulded cups help position my breasts in place and the thin bottom band gives an overall lightweight effect.  Still, there could be more boob separation and more overall support.Nike advertises this bra for A-D cups.  I have an older Nike bra in size Small that fits perfectly, so I gave the Victory Shape a try.  I had to squeeze my DD's thru, but I liked the extra support.  I'm petite so that might allow for a bit of extra room.Overall, I recommend the Nike Victory Shape for a basic, over-the-head sports bra.Made in Sri Lanka.", "I love this bra as I've been looking for it for a very long time. Great shape, great support, great fabric, amazing design.", "I love this top.  It is so soft and stretchy.  True to Nike Size.  Color has not faded despite several washings (and some sweat!) Completely recommend!", "I love this sports bra, it fits well and is perfect for the gym/running. I have purchased FOUR already..the seller is amazing. I placed this order 2 days ago and already received my products. It is a great price for a Nike brand fitness item. Highly recommend this product with this seller!!!", "this bra is okay, it is kinda small, I ordered a large and it fits fine around just seems alittle low cut. I feel like the coverage is not as good as some.", "It's comfortable, it doesn't move when I exercise, and it's nice and cool and doesn't feel like it's really tight. I feel it's true to size. It means what it says, and it says what it means, small is a small. Very good sports bra. I would recommend it to any girl who likes stabilized breats.", "I bought this bra for my daughter and she loved it , says its what she wanted and it is comfortable to wear all day long , and it comes in true size not bigger nor smaller . I recommend it .", "Fits perfectly.  Great for layering and wonderful for the Arizona weather.  Washes well and retains the color.  Received the item quickly.  My daughter wears it for running and loves the weight of the garment and the warmth of the fabric.", "Observations:-High quality material.-Fits tight, takes some time to get them on because they do not stretch well, but that also means they fit nicely once they are on.-Sliding around on the insole is medium.  I have some similar Nike socks but with the grey bottom, and they slide a little less.  I have found some cheaper socks of the same appearance (not Adidas) to slide around a lot.  Ideal (for me) would be no sliding.-Left and Right marked on the sock so it is easy to see, is nice.-They stay up without shin guards.  I have not worn with shin guards.Overall, very good.  I have not found a better sock yet, but I will passively continue to look.", "These are really nice socks, with a nice feel to it.PRO:CushionedTrue to fitStretches nicelyPriceSoccer or footballKeeps your shinguards upGood lengthCONS:No mesh", "I love these soccer socks they are by far the best I've worn. No more blisters!!!  I highly recommend them.", "I got these for my son for soccer.  They were perfect. They look just like the picture and are well made.", "I am a person who hates to be cold.  I'm usually bundled up, even in 50 degree weather.  I purchased a Combat Hyper Warm shirt and was pleasantly surprised how warm it kept me.  I can now wear two less layers of clothing!Also, the shirt's materials feel good on my skin.", "The product fits great, keeps me warm and dry and it just looks great period. I even wear it when I layer for regular activities outside!", "I purchased this as a gift.  My daughters boy friend loves it and I am very happy with my purchase", "I love the nike hyper warm and pro combat shirts/pants they are great! Keep you warm and your muscles warm perfect for training!", "It really worked well at keeping my son warm during extended exposure to the cold.  He said it really made him comfortable.", "I loved these socks so much that I bought 2 dozen of them. I wear them every day...with sneakers, shoes, boots, whatever. They're perfect. Thin enough to wear with shoes and just enough padding to wear with sneakers. They come up just right at the ankle, not too high and not too low.", "Great product!", "Size is more like 8-9. Great quality just runs small.  I have bought these Nike quarter socks before and never had this problem before.", "I'm 5 feet, 125 pounds. The shirt is too long. I will return it. Everything else fits well, except the length.", "My husband loves the color and feel of it, just wished it was a tad bigger in size. Overall, it looks like it fits fine to me. I think it looks great on him! I highly recommend it!", "Bought this for my husband and he likes it a lot. He said being able to layer or unlayer while snowboarding was great and it fit him well even with extra layering underneath.", "using it for a 8th grader for school. and this backpack can hold the weight and can stuff Looooots in it.", "The bag is light weight, stylish and functional.  I use it often and like the many pockets it has to offer.  The compartments can be used to hold a variety of items including car keys, pad lock, clothes and shoes needed at the health club.", "The thermal top was just as advertised and nice and toasty during those long, cold runs.  However, the item's location was actually in Europe and no where was that apparent on Amazon's website.  In fact, the only time I knew that this top came from a European dealer was when they sent me tracking information stating it could be 6 weeks before I receive my item!  Other than that, the top's great and arrived in great condition.", "Thank you amazon for this great deal and product. i m very happy with my purchased and i hope that very soon will get more deals for regular buyers like myself.  i strongly recommed the seller, its very secure and i never have any problems with my credit card.thanks and best regardsTony", "disculpen la tardanza para la calificacion debido que no habia llegado la mercancia a mi pais las nik mercurial victory ii son las mejores por eso las compro gracias por su producto", "I think all the information I needed to know about this purchase was real clear. I received what I wanted to have. My son that is the final customer is too excited with his new shoes.", "Thank You. Very Good Product. My Son Is Very Happy. Good Timing Too. Correct Size Info On The Site. Accurate", "Much cuter than the picture!", "This is a great product. It will fit like I expected when my son is a year old. Well worth the money.", "This hat was a little big for my 8 month old but it has an adjustable strap which made it fit a little better.  It is adorable and it will fit him for a while since it is a little big so I like the adjustable strap.  I love the colors too.", "I really like this shirt! I love the way it feels and I like the way it looks! I will definitely recommend this shirt to family and friends.", "This shirt fits perfect and is a great shirt to wear when you run or just to wear casually.  You can't go wrong with this, you will love it.", "I ordered the wrong size and reordered a bigger size and they fit better.", "Nooo! I lost my favorite sunglasses. I had these in chrome and blue, but they disappeared somehow. They are really cool to look at, and give excellent protection from the sun. And most importantly, they are really comfortable to wear. No pressure on my ears, nose or temples. Obviously I'm getting a new pair (gunmetal/black this time, as chrome/blue was not available).", "Because of the design.The glasses are fine. Its just the shape is too narrow toward the bottom. And kinda small as well", "I'm a big fan of Nike golf clothing.  Love how it keeps me cool and fits great.  This one fits a little slimmer than others but I like it a lot.  Great look and feel.", "I really like this shirt.  This shirt is comfortable and stylish.  It goes well dressed up or worn in a more casual setting.", "I usually wear a small in Nike, but had to order a Medium in this shirt.  Its nice, almost a pink color, but fits great.  I have only worn it in the winter and do not know how it performs yet out on the golf course.", "I love my new shirt. The quality is good and I love the style. I would recommend this to others.", "The item in the picture looks much smaller than it is. This however is not great for me. I purchased it as a present for my husband who refuses to check luggage. I was unaware of how large it actually is although the dimensions are shown. I didn't think about it until it arrived at my home and boy, is it big. This would be great for someone who likes the roller and duffle bag features and packs alot. This bag is just a little too big for those that don't over pack and only take carry-on luggage. Otherwise, it looks really sturdy and has a nice design.", "I wear this to make me more visible to drivers while biking roads in northern NJ. I was so amazed at how cool it was on the hottest days that I bought a second one. It's my favorite shirt when exercising outdoors on a hot day. I have other cool-technology moisture-wicking shirts but this one is the best by far.", "This is funny but true, the first day i got this item, i felt so bad because i had to wait for over 2 weeks before i get it.When i got the package, i felt so reluctant, but Lo and Behold, the very first day i wore it, My elder brother, bought this shirt and paid for shipping again. I'm confused right now, the shirt is durable,dri-fit is a new clothing technology adopted by Nike to give a sweat-free day.I like this shirt.", "My nephew requested lime green Jordan's and a lime green jacket! TY for making the Jordan's an easy find and purchase! The shoes arrived on time and were packaged well!", "This was a nice Backpack but small.  If you have a laptop or large books it wouldn't have enough room.", "I bought a small.  Im 5'3'' and 115lbs.  I like work out pants to be a little loose but these were huge- very wide.  I didn't even try them on.", "Really like it.... shape, size and materials are just right for a sporty girl (small size).... very comfortable for my races...", "This quality Nike back pack is perfect for a college student or for someone on the go, like a walker or bicyclist. It has massive amounts of room. It is well-made. Recommended!", "I bought this for my son to replace his Oakley backpack for school and it was much cheaper and just as high quality.  It protects his computer well and is sturdily sewn together.  He is someone who knows how to destroy a backpack, and no holes yet!  Looks just like the picture.", "Arrived on time, package was packed well. They fit as expected. I would suggest if you are a 30&#34; leg or shorter these would be too long for you.", "Excelente dise&ntilde;o, &uacute;nico. Combinaci&oacute;n perfecta de l&iacute;neas entre cristales y marco. Deportivos y elegantes, todo en uno... Sencillamente perfectos, para todo momento, casual, elegante y deportivo", "Dang, this jacket is an absolute classic. The color combination makes it an instant classic and if you are anything like me, you would rock it for style rather than just an athletic jacket to work out in, in fact i would not even dream of sweating in this, it is too good for that, lol. Anyways, the item arrived in great condition from the seller and it looks even better in real life. Its very comfortable and the poly material outside is soft and sooth to the touch. Hope they get more stock of this jacket before it sells out forever.", "I bought them to play on dirt fields and they work amazing. Love the shoe its just a little bit small.", "Although Nike is generally a pricey brand and sometimes not worth it, this time is was. Not only does the shirt look really nice, but it fit extremely well. I normally have some issues with shirts as I am a medium in length, but usually need a large for my arms/chest to fit without being overly tight. However, with this shirt it fit perfectly. I really like the Dri-fit technology as well. Even during the hot months I did not get a sweat spot on my back during strenuous work, which will happen with non moisture wicking shirts. I saw some other of these shirts at a Nike store in Las Vegas and was thinking about getting another, but I figured I would get a better price if I bought them online.", "I have the Nike Golf Women's Tech Classic skort in black and it's one of my favorite summer outfits. The white skirt fits the same but the fabric is far too thin. The pockets and the shorts are clearly visible through the skirt. I'm really disappointed that I have to return it.", "I like these frames a lot. I bought them to replace the same that broke. I like the sporty look of the frames.", "Atendeu completamente minhas expectativas. A armao &eacute; realmente leve, e o design bastante esportivo. Muito bom para correr e para usar no dia a dia.", "These eyeglasses sura are comfortable and very nice looking. That's the main reason I bought them. Besides they are wide so they don't get tight. The main problem with these eyeglasses is the material. The nose pads didn't last 2 months, they deteriorate extremely easily. I got a new pair of the original nose pads and they also didn't last more than two months. So I ended up using a pair of nose pads that are transparent and round that are the only that could fit these eyeglasses. One of the temples already have a crack in it, it's not broken, but it is leaking form that crack, I guess my eyeglasses won't make it to the second year of existence.So that's my conclusion, they are really comfortable, excelent on that, but they are not durable, they won't last more than two years. The nose pads won't last 3 months. So if you want a pair of comfortable and good looking disposable eyeglasses, don't look any further.", "perfect, light", "I hate socks that have that extra band of elasticity around the middle of the foot.  The picture doesn't show it and the description fails to mention it.  Because I didn't want to pay return postage, I gave these away still on the hook.", "I love these socks! They're very comfy, stay on real well and they are durable.  They're also very breathable.  The socks in the picture that look like they have a purple swoosh are actually gray, but that's the only discrepancy I can think of.  I don't really have a preference to what color they are since my shoes cover that part anyways.", "I was surprised at how authentic the material for this jersey feels. It has fabric patterns that mimic a performance jersey. The corporate lettering is ironed on the mid-chest but the Nike logo and Arsenal crest are stitched on. Also, it says \"Arsenal\" on the back of the neck like most authentic jerseys do. The only gripe I have is that the Arsenal crest is a bit smaller than I'm used to seeing.", "These sneaker are an Very comfortable and cute. The neon laces are a great contrast to the black & white pattern of the shoe.", "I purchased this t-shirt as a just because gift 4 my son-The quality was great & it arrived promptly & in good condition but unfortunately I ordered the wrong size so had 2 return-The return process was easy & the refund was prompt.", "Great to throw on over leggings, this is a very short skirt. Ok without leggings is your younger than I. Overall I like the ease of throwing something on to make a quick run.", "I usually wear medium and the fit was fine. I brought this skirt to wear to walk around, run errands. The length of this skirt is very short. it depends on the individual who is wearing if she likes it. Then it is great.", "I'm no expert on sunglasses or anything, I usually buy fairly cheap ones (&lt;$30) but snagged a pair of these on another site because they were on sale.  I flipping LOVE them!  They fit very well and wrap nicely around my head to keep sunlight from coming in the sides.  The large lenses keep it from coming over the top of the glasses as well.  Plus I just like the look of classic shades rather than the oakley look everyone seems to be going for.  Build quality seems good and the case that mine came with is pretty nice.  I'd buy these again at full price for sure.", "I was excited about this product until it arrived. Didn't like it for it looks very cheap than I expected. I'd like to return it and to get a refund. But it's been 4 days since I requested for a return label I haven't heard back from the seller. Disappointed.", "first off i like the material of the frame.. light on the face and also durable. color combination is nice and perfect for anything that you will wear. i like the big leather case too it protects the sunglasses when you are not wearing it.", "I'm writing this because I feel that this sports bra does not get enough attention. As a runner, I've tried my fair share of sports bras. However... I am constantly coming back to the Nike Compression Sports Bras. I always feel fully supported and never feel a bounce when I wear them. For others sake, I am a 34C with small shoulders and I bought a size Small. Perfect fit. I think if you're on the fence about bras... buy this one. Nike never fails.", "so good item  I LOVE IT RIGHT SIZE RIGHT COLOR......EXCELENTE PRODUCT I RECOMMENDED TO THOSE PEOPLE LIKE ME THAT LOVE SPORTS...", "Girlfriend loved it but was too small, and found out they had no stock left. Was forced to return and will have to find a similar product. Nice and light as advertised though.", "Very light weight and long!  Great for  coaching practices or working out!  It's thin but NOT see thru so I will be getting more!", "Everything said about this shirt is true, the quality is top of the line.Perfect fit and it arrived on time.Would recommend to any woman!", "This bag is great for the price. Made of Hi-quality Materials , This is very recommended for gym purposes....No Cons at all......................", "My boyfriend purchased this bag because he didn't want an overly-large bag to take to the gym. This was perfect -- it has an impressive capacity, allowing us to fit two towels, a change of clothes, shoes, a hair dryer, soap, and many other things. We also liked the outer zipped compartments on both ends and on the side, in addition to the cross-body shoulder strap being removable. Definitely a good purchse for those of you who want a simple small gym bag and not a huge luggage-capacity duffel.", "until now i haven't use this bag, it's so huge!. the description was &#34;small duffel bag but its a full size travelling bag", "This is a good sized sports bag which is cool looking and functional. It can fit a pair of shoes, a toiletry bag, a bath towel and some clothes. Perfect!", "This was a gift for my son for Christmas. He loves it. He works out all the time, he said this bag is ideal.", "I like the bag and kept it. It is very nice but not what I would consider a LARGE duffel. It's just a regular duffel bag.", "It's very convenient especially with travailing and taking cloths to the dry-clean also a keeps cloths needs.", "This is a very good and durable bad but most of all it's huge! i can put my whole closet in there and there would still be room i highly recommend! Thank you!", "Like my title says...Great bag for a great price. Very handsome!! I can't seem to find a bag big enough for me to handle all of my stuff but this one is a good size and deep side pocket is very helpful.", "Good", "The bag is the perfect size! Not too long or wide making it easy to carry but still having plenty of room to carry everything I need to get ready at the gym post workout. A little pricy, but it seems well made so should last a long time. There is only one small zipper pocket inside the bag, a zippered shoe area on the side and a mesh pocket on the other side. So, not much storage for items. It will keep me from putting stuff in the pockets and forgetting about it I guess! I just put two separate makeup bags, with my items in them, inside the main compartment with my clothes, problem solved. The colors are great and the material is easy to keep clean. Very happy with purchase!", "This bag is super cute and functional. Lots of space inside, several pockets, and gotta love all the pink! It's an all-around great gym bag.", "After my previous gym bag was ruined in the wash I purchased this gym bag and I love it. It's big enough for my gym clothes and lunch but not so big I can't keep it under my desk at work. I absolutely love the separate compartment for my shoes as my previous bag did not have that and I hated it. I would definitely recommend this bag to others.", "Narrow fit.. not too impressed with the item.. looks like it was not well made... not sure if this was a knock off... I end up returned", "The cleats are too much heavy, but the power for striking is what i was looking, if it was lighter, it would be perfect.", "When I ordered these shoes I thought I had to wait 5 days to get it but it came in 2 business days, so that was really quick service. When I first got them and put them on they felt great on my feet. A little tighter fit on the left shoe but it was still a great feel. The color looks great!! A lot of people don't have this color way. So this was a really FAST and GREAT service. I recommend you buy from them!!", "Good product, consider buying one extra size than yours cause it fits tight, other than that is a great product.", "These shoes fit true to size. They are comfortable, and although they are flat bottoms, no slipping and sliding around on the indoor field. I bought these for my husband and he really likes them.", "is fine, i like the service. is very good easy fastmuy buen trabajo el producto lleg&oacute; excelente sin detalle,y a tiempo. gracias", "My husband likes all the brand: ADIDAS, AIR JORDAN, NIKE, PUMA. He likes the design, the product and the quality", "It was kind of a waste. Get the normal elites instead, they'll do you just as much good as these.", "my nephew who wore them said he feels very comfortable wearing it, pleasant to the feet and skin as well as durable.", "This is just what I've expected. It fits my size. It keeps my foot dry and comfortable while playing basketball.", "The socks came in on time and were what I was expecting. The packaging was a bit rough, but they appeared brand-new.", "Great socks!  Thick and sturdy a look great on. My son has 2 pair of these and would wear them everyday if he could.", "I ordered these for X-mas,, and were at my place just in time!!!  My son loves them, especially for his basketball games.", "I bought these for my 14 year old grandson for his birthday.  He thinks they're cool, and they're the only socks he wears for basketball.", "I am a 10.5, slightly wide right foot and these are a bit long, although width-wise they are alright. However, the calf portion of the sock it a little tight. Probably won't buy any more of these.", "Love these socks.. So comfy.. Don't lose quality in the wash and provide wonderful support in any activity even around the house.", "I received 2 left socks.  Disappointed with purchase.  Will not purchase again. Cost more for return mail then ie's worth.", "My son loves these.  He wears them a lot. They have not worn out or gotten holes in them. Great socks for athletes", "super comfortable, bought them for my boyfriend and he loved them!! great socks to wear during basketball games. keeps your feet really supported.", "I received these socks Quick my son loves them for Basketball.  The double layer is a great choice and are very comfortable.", "Love these socks.  I no longer have to wear to pairs while I play.  They are super comfortable and protect my feet better than any other sock I've tried.", "I bought these for Christmas for my nephew, he LOVES them.  I think it's ridiculous to pay this much for SOCKS, but they're cheaper here than anywhere else.", "These nike socks are my sons favorite.  They come in great color combinations. Perfect for sports or casual wear.  Arrived quickly", "very comfterable and are good so i dont have to dirty 2 pairs of socks. A good sock to get for basketball.", "There is so much padding on the bottom of these socks that it almost seems like you are wearing supports for the inside of your sneakers. (I normally buy supports for the inside of sneakers since so many brands lack arch and heel support ) These socks are great.  I just wish that they didn't cost so much.", "Grandson picked these out for  basketball.  Look great, keep his feet dry, wash easily and keep shape.  Very serviceable socks..", "Good socks, exactly what you expect. Personally though, I'm just not that crazy about the double-layers. But otherwise they're great.", "My son loves these socks.  I bought them for him as a Christmas gift because they are rather expensive for socks.  They seem to be holding up well.", "i bought these socks for my son to where at his basketball games. everyone on the team wants a pair now. they keep his feet snug,no  movement or sweet can released in the shoe . they r a hit......", "very nice.. my son wants more..  a little spendy but, worth it.. i would recommend to anyone that plays basketball", "my son loves them and wears them all the time.  be wants several more pair,  they came on time and at a good price", "These are very nice socks and I bought them for my grandson. I think he will be very happy with them. the delivery was prompt.", "The seller shipped them in lightning speed.  They were a Christmas gift for my son to wear for his basket ball team mad he loved them. Thank you", "Great socks, very comfortable and stylish.  Teenage son loves them.  Would order more if they were cheaper.  Price is on Nike though.", "They were not what I wanted Size was all wrong sent them back.  The persons they were bought for did not like them", "My son loves his elite nike socks they are extra thick !! Theses are the ones he wears at all the home basketball games!! Go Rattlers!!!", "They don't hold up to teenage boys very well but what does! Otherwise it was what was expected it would be", "I bought some of these for my son for Basketball and I bought myself a pair to run in. It was -15 degress this morning and my feet stayed warm and dry. I don't usually buy Nike but these are my new favorite socks. I normally run in Underarmor socks but I will be buying more for the future. They fit tight and fills your shoe if you have a narrow foot like myself, I can't say enough about these socks!!!!!!", "These socks are great - they fit well and are a quality product. It is hard to find this green in stores, so I was happy to find it online.", "I tried on these socks the first day i got them and i must say they are awesome. when you walk in them its like walking on a cloud!", "My daughter plays club and high school volleyball. She loves these and says they keep her feet dry during a day long tournament.", "This brand is a quality oriented one, and this item - which I never seen physically -  just is another well thought, well manufactured one. Thanks Nike.", "My son loves them, he says they are the most comfortable basketball socks ever also all his teammates want a pair.", "These socks were part of a basketball uniform my kids wore for their school.  They think they are cool and wanted more.  I think they are ridiculously expensive and no matter what color I get (we have several) they never look new after a new washes.  They look faded and the white ones don't get very white once washed a couple of times.  I think they are a waste&#8230;  My kids would disagree though! ;-)", "I had no idea how comfortable these socks would be.  I hesitated due to cost; however the comfort is worth the extra expense.", "First of when i got the package it came ripped which was okay i guess the when i put them on the was no padding on my heel so it felt uneven but still okay.", "I bought these for my son and he wears them all the time and he has told me that he loves them since then I have bought 9 more pairs and will be buying more!! They are worth the extra money all the way!!!", "Very comfy, looks a little wierd in my slides , it gets all bunched up and makes my foot look fat, but I love them no one I know has them makes me feel special they look FANCY hahaha", "Everything but the flexible flyer Snowball maker came sooner than expected.  The snowball maker did not come.Amazon is incredible and well worth the process which is as easy as it gets.The only problem that I have is so many related e-mails; rather not get the advertisements.", "I got a pair of these for my son for basketball. There great there the best athlete socks to buy. Its worth the money. It has padding on the sock and will fit your foot nicely. Buy them!!!", "The socks were somewhat unraveled, strings hanging everywhere, they also shrunk after the 1st wash. Will not purchase these ever again", "Hold up very well to wear and tear and washing.  Thick with great elastic.  Almost fit like compression stockings.  Worth every penny.", "Great it is exactly what I ordered.....great product and great price, would order more of these in the future for sure", "He's a coach in SE texas and he wears these every time they're clean. I end up washing during the week so he can wear one everyday.", "This Nike is perfect for cool hikes or mountain biking.Ordered it using 'her' shopping app from my iPhone.Just Do It.", "I'm a taller guy, 6'5&#34; on a good day and I now have 4 of these beauties.  The neck is a little larger than I'd like but the rest of the shirt fits well for my liking.. Sleeve length alllllmost perfect, but enough I can handle. Love the dri-fit T's so this is just another addition to my wardrobe. Cheers", "I expected this to be a tight dri-fit top,but it's super loose and does not have a good shape to it.Good for fatties-bad for fitties.", "Comfortable and breathable was very happy with the quality of the product and will definitely make more purchases in the future", "love these shirts. very comfortable! Great to work out in. I would recommend to anyone. I want more, in more colors", "I was expecting more of an under armor type of shirt. you know, tightly fit on the sleeves to show off biceps.? A bit loose on the arms and short in length of the entire shirt. fits kind of awkward for my taste. Good material though.", "This is the best exercise jersey I have found over time. Comfortable and keeps your arms protected from the sun.", "This is a great fitting shirt that is comfortable and lightweight enough to wear when its hot, and the long sleeves make it good for the cold too.", "Fantastic product, as advertised and the price was really good.  The shipper did a great job getting it to me quickly.", "He said it's light weight very comfortable.  As for me the wash, Can wear right out of dryer and it's looks brand new.  I bought all colors for him.", "I was very disappointed. It was thinner and more see-through than the picture depicted. I will just use it as an undershirt on a cold day.", "The shirt was a gift for my boyfriend. It was packaged well, and still had the tags. It fit him a little big", "My husband really likes this shirt however it swallows him. And the sleeves are long.  Still giving 4 stars because for someone that it fits it would be perfect.", "My son needed a slim fit shirt to wear underneath his baseball jersey and the color needed to be PURPLE!!! We scrambled everywhere trying to find an Under Armour shirt or something similar and just could not find anything purple. Finally I got wise and checked Amazon because they have EVERYTHING and I found this shirt! It came quickly, just in time for his game!! It fits well and was perfect for his needs.", "Runs bigger than normally advertised, however it's a great product. I definitely recommend getting one just make sure it's the right size", "The shirt was really great. The material is thin but sturdy and the color very good. Glad that I bought it.", "As a new runner I wasn't prepared to run in the winter. I reached out to a few runner friends who all recommended this shirt. Its a man's size, but I find it to fit perfectly and keeps my arms VERY warm during my short winter jogs.", "I initially ordered a couple of these Nike long sleeve shirts in a couple of colors to check out the quality of the material and the workmanship.  Some people had posted that the shirts were too sheer and too light for their use.  All I can say is that these shirts are my new faves for working out and for wearing under quarter zip pullover shirts.  I think I have ordered a total of six or seven of these shirts in various colors and I was actually contemplating ordering a few more when amazon sent an email message asking me to post a review on these shirts.  The shirts are generously sized.  The material is high quality and is very comfortable next to my skin, unlike some of my other long sleeve work out shirts.  The workmanship is excellent.  They come in a wide variety of colors.  And, they are only +/- $25.00 each.  Believe me, you will not be disappointed.  These shirts are a great value.  Enjoy... and just do it !!", "Perfect shirt if you are running outdoors in the winter or late fall.  It fits loose and is very comfortable! I would definitely reccommend this product.", "About 100% sure this shirt isn't a real Nike Dri-Fit. I own about 4 different Dri-fits and this one is counterfeit. The Nike swoosh looks and feels fake, the fabric doesnt feel like a Dri fit.", "Awesome like all things Nike.  The only thing is the neck line runs a little loose for my liking.  A thicker seam on the neckline would make this shirt perfect.", "These shirts are great for working out. Keeps you dry and very comfortable. I have used them for hiking in cold weather as well as an undershirt to wick sweat away.", "I buy these for my son and he really likes them.  He is a runner and he wears them for morning runs when it is a little cold.", "The material is cheap.  Not what I expected from reading the reviews.  I've bought actual Nike &#34;dri-fit&#34; from Nike and those were actually very durable and warm.  This material is very thin.  If you want it just for looks for the gym, I guess it's ok but for it's purpose -dont buy", "This shirt is great for warming up, light workouts, or running outside/on the treadmill. It fits really well, and is thin so it is very breathable.", "This was nice and the color was perfect.  The only thing I thought to be a little odd, was that the arm pits seemed a bit large????", "The shirt arrived quickly, and his extremely comfortable. I recommend this product for anyone that is interested in being comfortable while working out.", "Everything arrived on time and in good condition.  Great product for working out - exactly what I was hoping for / expected.  Happy with my purchase", "EXCELENTE ATENCION, EXCELENTE COMPRA, TARDO EN LLEGAR A MI PAIS, TALLA CORRECTA COLOR CORRECTO, EXCELENTE COMPRA, GRACIAS POR LA ATENCION", "I was satisfied that the jacket kept me warm. It is a steal for the price I got for it. Thanks Nike.", "my son looks so handsome in this jacket and it fits him perfectly i will buy more very soon i", "I have 5 of these Principle Dri-Fit sports bras and I am planning to buy a couple more.  I wear them even when I am not working out because they are so comfortable and I stay dry when outside during the summer months. I even wear them during the winter months when I am not at work.", "This suit is too big for me. I can't wear it when I practice golf. It is uncomfortable and heavy.", "this is the real deal no fake and hard to find jordan shirt. if you are a real jordan fan you will have one and know what the meaning behind the shirt.", "I have a size 7 7/8 hat size (XL) and I can barely get my head through the opening. The grommets around the pull strings scrape against my forehead when I put this on, which is really annoying. Other than that, I like it. I had another one of these that I left somewhere and didn't have any fit issues with that one. So perhaps their quality control isn't the best.", "these are fitted shirts . i use these for the gym only.  tight to my guns the way i like them.", "Great fit! Great color and the seams are really cool giving it a real nice look. Breathes well and very comfortable. I would recommend this shirt to anyone who likes to work and out and look great.", "I was looking for a comfortable performance shirt that wouldn't break the bank.  This shirt is it.  I own several in multiple colors and use them while working out or lounging around the house.  They breath really well and are lightweight.  After multiple wears I haven't noticed any issues with fading or deterioration.  I would definitely recommend this shirt!", "ordered xlarge and they sent large, when I contacted them they were argumentative and told me to front the return postage and they would resend the correct size, front them the return postage? this was outrageous, they messed up the order and wanted me to expend considerable time and money to fix their error on the promise of them performing to fix", "This Nike Core Fitted 2.0 short sleeve top is perfect. It fits exactly as I want it to. It's tight enough around the upper body but gives a bit around the torso, unlike the compression tees.Also, it's the perfect length. It's not too short, so you can freely put your arms up without having the shirt come up too much. If you have a muscular build or normal build, buy this in your regular shirt size.It's breathable with very fine holes in the back to allow ventilation. The holes are so small, though, that you cannot see through the shirt.I have this in many colors and is my go-to shirt for the gym. Nike needs to keep making these and in more colors.", "After getting this months ago for the Summer, this shirt has proven to be a great product. Nowadays it's my favorite shirt for how it looks, feels, and functions. The shirt's back ventilation and ability to absorb sweat is great for working hard and trying to stay cool. For me it also fits well at 5'9\" 140lbs (I get a Small), with extra length and slack available at the bottom. Overall, it's very comfortable, and not a scratchy synthetic like you might be used to. It's great.", "My son asked for this for Christmas and he put it on to show us the fit.  I thought it was a bit smaller but looked good.  But gotta say, my kid looked &#34;really good&#34; in this shirt!  Wow!", "Shirt fits nicely. It wicks away all the sweat and performs nicely. Not recommended to use in mud though as dirt stains are near impossible to get out", "arrived in great condition the shirt is very comfortable and I can wear it all day without it riding up. good quality no rips or seams breaking. fits nice.", "Very nice", "It is really good, when I wear it, I feel really comfortable and soft, I can wear it anytime, like do sports, take a walk", "Another reviewer made a similar comment about the 2.0 version not being as good as the 1.0 version of this shirt. I would agree. However, the differences are minor and this is a very solid shirt nonetheless:Pros:Fit - I'm a Large across all Nike products. The L version of this shirt fits me well. Snug fit without being too tightFeel - Material is great. Very light. Very breathable. Seems like it's going to be durableCons:Design - Nike added a cheesy &#34;Pro Combat&#34; label to back of this collar. Not a deal breaker for me, but definitely unnecessaryAvailability - Not many colors/sizes from this sellerOverall I'm satisfied. Not the best workout shirt I've ever bought but it'll work for years to come", "Fit as expected and the color is extremely pleasing.  I have gotten several others in this Nike and 2XL gives them room.  This was for my &#34;other&#34; person as a Christmas gift.", "Poor quality . Shirt feels flimsy . Material feels even weaker after washing it . Way too short , slip out from waistband !", "I love this shirt. Fits perfectly without being too tight, and is very comfortable. Perfect for the gym or running. I have 2 now and I might buy more.", "perfect fit.its very easy to wash, great for outdoor activities.material is nice and the colour as well..great service", "Nike had a great shirt under the same name available a year ago.  They have since changed the shirt, and (a) the fit is not as comfortable, (b) there is a tacky &#34;combat&#34; emblem on the back of the neck, and (c) the collar is not nice and snug on the neck like in the old design.  Overall Nike took a perfect shirt, and made it less than perfect.", "First, I think it's important to note just which shirt you're getting here.  Had I been expecting a different fit (e.g., from a previous year) I would have a very different review.  That being said, this was a totally new item to me.I wear this type of shirt as an undershirt for all occasions, and wear it by itself for working out, etc.  Once you adjust to wearing shirts that wick moisture and are designed to allow freedom of movement, etc. it's hard to go back to basic cotton - for me anyway.  This shirt wicks moisture well and doesn't feel heavy under a work shirt.  There are no intrusive tags or seams, it is cut long enough to tuck in nicely, and the \"Pro Combat\" emblazoned on the collar hides under nearly every shirt I wear (if it didn't, I'd probably be opting for a different shirt!).  Under a hiking shirt or by itself for working out it really shines.  I definitely stay cooler and dryer.  At this point, I just cannot wear cotton for a long hike or working out.I now have it in white, heather gray, and \"dark steel\".  The last is kind of a blue/black.  Nike's offering stands out for a few reasons above other semi-fitted, technical shirts that I own:- Nike's shirt holds its shape very well compared to similar products from Champion (I have Reebok shirts that also hold their shape very well).  The last thing you want is a fitted shirt to sag and bunch up.- Nike's shirt holds its color better than any of the other brands I own.  This might have as much to do with washing as anything, but the white shirt is just as white now (after 6 months of wear) as it was when purchased.  Other brands slowly become less bright or downright grey/beige.- Nike's shirt has better details in the overall construction: vented back and underarms really help with heat management, seam locations are perfect with a backpack on (no chaffing on the shoulders), robust cuffs/collar are durable without being bulky.Depending on your use, the venting might make this a less durable shirt than others - I can imagine it getting snagged more easily than the solid material.There are likely other shirts in the price range with comparable features, but I'll stick with this Nike offering until they change the details (at which point, it seems, I may have to go back to searching).", "Everything arrived on time and in good condition.  Great product for working out - exactly what I was hoping for / expected.  Happy with my purchase.  Came in same condition as picture.  Would definitely purchase again.", "I love these sunglasses. Lost mine a while back and never thought I'd find them again as the Nike store (where I originally purchased them) no longer carries them. They are very sturdy and fit snug on my head, which I like. Also stay in place well and look great. Excellent value, too, as you don't have to spend $100+ on a quality set of glasses. Am going to score a second pair as a backup for when I lose my current pair.", "I just bought this shirt, it's my first Dri-FIT Pro purchase. I do a lot of circuit training in the gym and this shirt doesn't hold or stick to you while your going thru your work out. Def recommend this, although I did just buy it at TJ Max for $12, same exact one, Dick's Sporting Goods sells it for $25.", "These glasses are very good quality. I would recommend this unit to another.these glasses cover your eyes completely EXCELLENT", "I like difeternt kind of sunglasses cassual and sports, I like nike and adidas and different colors depending wich clothes I am wearing", "Received these as a gift.  Feel comfortable, lenses seem very clear.  But I prefer polarized lenses, especially at this price.  No indication on box or glasses regarding my question.", "great protection for your eyes, wind doesn't get into your eyes, great look, great lenses...also have the sunglasses in black...great product.........", "Very nice. I love it too much and recommend friends to buy Nike products. I am planing to buy more Nike products.", "I bought these socks for running and gym usage. At first sight and feel I thought I was not going to like them. That was simply not the case, since buying one pair I have bought several more. I wear a size 14.5 and these babies (xl) fit just right. They are a PITA to get on (they are labeled R L as they are fitted)but once they are on they are great. They keep my feet cool, relatively dry and odor free. All in all I would recommend them for gym and light running  (I prefer compression socks for long distance runs) usage.", "These glasses are fine, maybe a little bigger than I would prefer them to be. The one problem I have is that I left them in the car in the summer, and the silicon nose piece essentially melted off. That wouldn't be a huge issue, except for these particular sunglasses that nose piece is glued on (as opposed to screwed on with other models) and you can't get replacements.", "shirt came quickley....I put it away for christmas...and forgot about it...until I got an email asking for feedback...then I couldnt remember where I put it...but I found it....Im very happy with the shirt...and so is my 12 yr old....thanx for asking for feedback!", "I bought this for my little boy that's on the way he hasn't got to wear it yet but it looks great and fast shipping", "Bought this for my friend who is a huge Mike fan... He luvs it!!! would get again... Start your further b-baller off right...", "My son isn't due for another month, so I won't know the fit until then. Product arrived on time, that's always a plus.", "Very cute I love that it is the exact same as the mens adult shirt so my baby and her dad could match! Love Love!", "I'm in love with the outfit it is too adorable. Once the baby is here I cannot wait to dress him in something so comfortable looking", "The gift set that is for my grandson and when I described to my son, all he could say was, you got my son a beanie mom.  I didn't really think of the cap as a beanie but if that's what he wants to think it is then, oh well.  He likes the idea of his son having a Jordan beanie and is excited so that's all that matters.  I purchased this set because I know how he feels about &#34;Jordan&#34; and the set was crazy ridiculous.  It was reasonably priced for what you would think for something &#34;Jordan&#34; and my son will be happy and that's all that matters to me!!!", "It was a cute outfit for my son to wear it, for his first picture have to buy another ;.", "Provides a sense of style while providing comfort for your baby! Easy to put on and my son isn't able to kick them off either! LOL", "Standard interior design. The outer texture is great and really gives the wallet some personality. My sports enthusiast loves it.", "This shirt fits true to size.  The dri-fit material keeps you dry just as it is intended to.  This is very comfortable and stylish too.", "Arrived as scheduled, thicker black socks, color remains after several washing, comfortable fit, and logo makes it easy to pair these socks after washing/drying them.  Maybe it seems silly to buy socks online, but it's hard to get the wrong size or color, and sometimes just saves time....", "These are great socks & you will not go wrong with these socks. They are comfortable & go with anything you wear.", "This is back to the basics, but still stylish.  My husband would live in these clothes, if I let him!!", "The vendor did exactly what they were supposed to do. Delivered the item I ordered on time. However I don't like the band on the watch. Uncomfortable due to the rubber used and too stiff. Very little give.", "A friend had asked me to buy this for him as a favor. Going by the fact that every time he runs, he takes a picture with them on, I'm pretty sure he loves them. He was skeptical about the tint working, but no complaints! They work perfectly!", "The sunglasses arrived in good shape and included a hard case. The sunglasses are very lightweight and comfortable, and the wrap-around lens offer good protection. So far the glasses have fared well in regard to not fogging up compared to some other sunglasses. The sunglasses are fairly fragile given their light weight so use of the included hard case is essential.", "When I lost my running glasses I was so upset. I am glad I ordered something that would make me forget about my old glasses. Great fit on my face (narrow face) and decent lens. Nothing too fancy, but perfect for a run in sunny Colorado.", "Lightweight and solid. Frame is a little bulcky in the middle. Lens larger than most, positive for me.", "After reading most of this product review, I decided to buy it as I was determined to star running again. The most relevant condition from all the comments was that \"it will never get foggy\" by transpiration and sweat. Well, I got it yesterday and I took then for a spin this morning on my first run. After four laps, really delivered its promise. Besides the great protection, nice glossy looking on the frames and nice adjustment to my face, it was an unmatchable promise fullfilled to me.  If you are thinking on starting your training for running or if you do professionaly, this pair is a must.Enjoy", "been wearing it for a few tennis games.  never had any problems so far. it is light weight, i barely feel it is on me. and it doesn't fog. i played for almost 2 hours and these lenses stay clear the whole time.  i live in Hawaii, so you can imagine how sunny it can get. but these glasses did a fantastic job.", "Though I got 3 lenses but I didn't, only got the sunglasses but they are very good sunglasses.  They are very comfortable and they do not fog", "i like a lot and the price is good. i recomend this item. i will buy new color glass to change", "I stumbled onto these sunglasses after reading a review in runners world magazine.  I took a chance and ordered them after getting frustrated with other sunglasses I've spent a lot of money on but didn't meet my expectations.  I was a little skeptical when I first opened the box because they were so lite they didn't feel to be of quality construction.  However, they fit great and on my first run with them I quickly forgot I had them on.  Not only did they not fog up (a huge irritation with other glasses I've tried), but they didn't bounce and stayed put and my face.  The Tailwind 12 sunglasses are great and I would highly recommend these glasses.", "I log about 25-35 miles a week, and every pair of glasses prior to these would fog up to the point where visibility would be cut by nearly 50%. Not with these. They breath well and do NOT fog up. They are extremely light, fit very comfortably, do not bounce, which in the end allows you to enjoy your run.", "Got this at a great price have really enjoy the glasses.  They do not fog up and they help protect my eyes.", "the glasses have a good design, they don't fog up when running  in cold.they are very light and stylish.", "My husband loves these sunglasses so much that we bought another pair for my dad. They fit well, are comfortable & keep the sun out of your eyes. They also look nice on.", "I have long been one of those people who refuses to spend more that $20 at a big box store for sunglasses; my assumption was that they're all the same so why spend extra $$ on something I'll drop or lose anyway. I got curious about \"better\" sunglasses as I've upped my miles running and biking but didn't want to drop $200 on a pair of Oakleys, so I thought I'd give these a try based on a positive review on a running site. They are very light and tight enough on my head that I haven't had to push them back up mid-run. I have a pretty big head, so fogging is usually an issue but I haven't had that problem with these either. I'm pretty happy about this first foray into good glasses and will get another pair of Nikes when I (inevitably) lose these!", "I love how good it fits me i like that it can keep me warm and can were this under anything and feel great. This is great for jogging going out when its cold i mean it is FANTASTIC.", "These shorts are great for walking and jogging, which is what I got them for. The feel good, although a bit on the heavier side after you start to sweat. The color is what I expected. The only negative for this product is that I carry my cellphone in my pocket and, when jogging, it really shows too much movement. I have other Nike pocket shorts where there is not so much movement and bouncing around when I run. They pockets are deep, so that keeps the phone from bouncing out of the pocket. It just looks odd jogging with what appears to be an extra appendage bouncing forwards and backwards.", "My 14 year old son loves these shorts!  They fit well and are super comfortable.  I highly recommend them, just wish they were a little cheaper in price!", "Great for casual wear, as well as playing ball.  These shorts are very versatile and comfortable. They come in a variety of great colors.", "I bought 4 pairs different sizes for my 2 sons for Father's Day ! They loved them they are very nice shorts!", "i had such a hard time getting my product!! the person i gave it to as a gift loves it!", "\"Best sunglasses I ever had! Great tint, lightweight, great fit!\"Bough these for my husband and he obviously loves them!", "These glasses are lightweight and great when driving.  You can where them all day and without the bridge of our nose hurting.", "The Nike retro sunglasses are very comfortable and have a nice look. Women loved it!!!!! These pair were the best I had!", "Wow these are REALLY AWESOME! Perfect feel, light weight, perfect shape & look! I thought these might feel like cheap plastic but nope!", "My husband is very pleased with the fit and quality of this top.  Our only complaint is that we were not abel to get the matching pants.", "This was a gift . He absolutely love it and everyone liked it too. It looked very sharp on him:)", "The socks are great socks to wear with shoes and great socks to wear around the house.  These socks fit like goods socks should.", "I guess you get what you pay for.  I was hoping that since they were Nike brand I would be getting decent socks.  They are comfortably enough but EVERY time I take them off no matter how much they are washed I end up with black fuzz all over my feet.  I will NOT be purchasing these again, that is for sure.", "Stocking Stuffer (sorry no pun intended) These are the only socks my teenage grandson will wear. They are warm but feet do not sweat in them.", "These are snug fit and high quality.  I like them. I would recommend them to anyone inthe market for some new no show socks.", "These are the only sandles I buy.  The straps are elastic, so they stay on your feet without slipping around.  I have some that are 5 years old that are a little stretched out and don't hold so well anymore, so I bought new ones.  Love 'em!", "it was to small the packaging is great but the nike box was badly dammaged i would give the packaging a 1 sole place wont buy from them again", "Couldn't ask for better flip flops! Comfortable and nice fit make for an outstanding combination. This is my second pair", "These are my second pair.  I will wear them out and then I will most likely buy some more.  Great!", "I love this slipper. It's the second one that I've purchased. The last one lasted me 2 years. And it is so comfortable.", "I didn't know how comfortable these would be for my boyfriend, but he loves them!  Fit great and look great", "Have terrible problems with plantar fascia pain, fallen arches and heel bone spurs...the legacy of a lifetime athlete and coach.  These Nike Celso Shoes are one of two things that have saved my feet and legs for the last 5 years!!  Whenever not in heels or dress shoes, I have these on and I don't suffer AT ALL.  The Spenco Insert is the second thing that has saved me from constant pain in my feet when standing, walking or working out!!!  The combination of the two has given my feet a new life!!!!", "Finally got my husband a pair of his own! He was always wearing mine (as do my grandaughter and grandson). Why? Because this is simply the most comfortable and practical (water proof) sandal there is. Not to mention durable. I still have my first pair which actually has the best arch support of the bunch (I have 5 pair). My husband kept saying 'Just give them to me!' but no way. They are  about 15 years old and have seen a lot of the country including Hawaii. So now my husband has his own and he loves them.", "These are my everyday flip-flops and I find them quite comfortable and really long lasting. It seems to me, however, that the straps are ever so slightly smaller on the newer pairs requiring a little longer break-in. The only down side to these sandals is that they can be slippery on wet surfaces. I wouldn't recommend them as shower slippers.", "great pair of flip flops, comfortable on the feet with a good arch support, the don't hurt the toes by falling off the edge of shoe.", "I have bought many flip-flops and none have felt as comfortable and actually stayed on my feet as well as this one. I am very pleased with this purchase although it was a little pricey", "This my third pair of Nike's, they are so comfortable. I wear these daily and they are great with all day comfort!", "arrived on time, great purchase and good quality, totally recommend it to any one, it was a quick gift purchase and i am happy with my decision =)", "These fit from the get go with no &#34;between the toe&#34; irritation which I have had with some other brands. Too thick on the thong part. They have a little traction, are light and easy to put on but not so easy they will slip off. Handsome too.", "These NIKE flip flops arrived faster than I thought, they look great and feel good. The only thing I did not like was when you put them on out of the pool, my foot slips off them.Really good when your feet are dry.", "Nice fit very comfortable and will like more options with designs and sizes.will recommendthis item to any one who desires comfort", "These flip flops fit me nice, the strap is very comfortable and does not pinch my toe. I really like these for the pool and shower.", "My husband loves these sandals and we've been looking for a replacement pair in brown for a couple years. Glad to have found them here.", "I have to buy them from Amazon. Only place that has my size. They were cheaper last year. But I got 4 pairs this time. Comfortable and exactly what I wanted. I would recommend this product.", "These slippers are wonderful. I also bought the brown one. They feel so comfortable..also very durable..will last at least 1 year", "The product fulfills the expectations of comfort and attractive for his use. Neither have seen them in selling sites Nike. Good buy without a doubt.", "This are great. They are easy to walk in and a very comfortable. As you wear them, they will conform to your foot's shape.", "great fit, great for around by the pool would not wear out for all day waling around, but for around the pool there great", "Great flip flops! Thick soles for extra support and comfortable for walking. Also handle water and other weather elements well.", "My husband refused to believe that it was worth spending a little money on flip flops that he would end up loving.. after I surprised him with these flops, he is totally convinced. I have several pairs for myself too. They are comfortable, long lasting and cute for men and women. GET THEM if you are thinking about it! I don't think you'll be disappointed.", "These are my very first pair of flip flops. I haven't bought a pair before because I didn't find them comfortable, but these ones are amazing. I've been using them for a couple of weeks and I'm satisfied. They fit well and I like the way while wearing still close to my feet. I was worried about the hurt around the thumb that it feels while wearing flip flops but with these ones there's no harm. The only thing that I didn't like is that are a little bit narrower than I was expecting.Excellent flip flops overall.", "Thank you very much. I love the  sandles  I plan to order more . Do you have other colors ?", "I wish it was a little wider but other than that their a great pair of nike flip flops.. It's a little expensive but worth it!", "Very comfortable sandals! The sole has the right amount of cushion and support. The thong bands are stretchy and soft enough that you can wear these for a very long time without any discomfort. They fit exactly as expected according to the size chart on the product page. Overall these are some of the most comfortable sandals I've ever owned. Bravo Nike, bravo.", "I had a pair of these a few years ago and it lasted for 3 years - very happy with the quality and feel of these shoes. Only downside is that they are not very wide and on the longer side.", "I had a pair of these in women's and absolutely love them but they were a bit worn down. When I saw the men's on sale for almost 1/2 price of women's I decided to order them. Although they are ok now, when I first got them they were very narrow.", "Buy a new pair of these every yr. I got exactly what i expected. everything is goodI recommend this", "Excellent", "My daughter usually wears a 10 in Nike (already a 1/2 to 1 size larger than other brands) but in these we had to go up to a 10.5 which was extremely hard to find.  Thank You Amazon!!  She can't wait to get to the outdoor season (Live in Buffalo so that will not be till April) so can only tell you that wearing them around the house they have been very comfortable.", "Good quality.  They look great.  Met all my son expectations. He was very pleased and wears them all the time.", "Perfect for Florida weather! I can wear it working out, beach, whenever, easy to clean. And the color is so original. I get so many compliments. Wish they made more.", "Loved the color and how well the shirt fit.  It is streamed lined and is an easy fit to wear.", "I am retired and I really enjoy wearing these pants around the house.  They are thick which are well suited for the winter months.", "This bag meets all my expectation for a durable all weather backpack. It feels strong, the material of the bag will definitely protect its content from being wet and it is large enough to accommodate most of your stuff even shoes or wet clothes plus the insulated pocket for your cold drinks. They must have considered alot of things while designing this bag to accommodate all the users in most circumstances.I highly recommend this item to anyone thats needs a durable, waterproof, all weather backpack.", "The very first time my daughter picked up the backpack to go to school, the top started to rip.  The other kids at school also have the same Nike backpack so I know the weight of the books aren't an issue.  We just got a dud.  I sent a message to the company asking for an exchange but have yet to hear back from them.  I spent too much on this product to be ignored when there is a problem.  Spend your money elsewhere.", "I was sorely in need of some new compression shorts for running, and these were exactly what I was hoping for.  These replaced a nearly 10-year old pair of Nike Pro compression shorts in a different color.  They fit great, are extremely comfortable, and hope to keep them for many years and miles to come.  Looking forward to picking up another pair at some point soon.", "Excellent product and great quality.  As always you can count on Nike for sturdiness.  I would definitely recommend this product", "Great All-Around Bag! Just the right size for everyday commuting and weekend workouts. Plenty of room for iPads, laptops, books and anything else you need to carry around.", "I bought this shirt under the impression that is was somewhat compression-like, and it is not. It is a cheap thin cotton and is in no way flattering. Wouldnt recommend it....esp at any price over $15.", "It's a nike product... what else can I say?... the colors, the material, de size, everything is perfect.  I bought it for my wife and she love it.", "Great workout tee for anyone who hates walking out of the gym covered in sweat, even though I got grey! True to size, have purchased more since. Great product. Item arrived promptly and as described, would do business with again.", "Really like the shirt - nice length and everything!! I really like how it fits - very comfortable. I would definitely recommend.", "Black one was not as pictured, and I was a little unhappy about that. The Nike logo is black, not the white/light grey in the picture. Other than that, good fit and price.", "I got 2 a while ago at Ross but they were about half this price. I'm a 36c and got them in size medium, it's perfect. (Tried on small and it squeezed my ribs and was hard to get on and off.) I think the elastic's starting to wear out in the underboob area, but they're still great, very comfy. They don't squish you down much though. (Maybe that's a plus for some people.) And no noticeable problems with sweating and stinking so I guess they live up to their name! I like the black better than the white because the white discolors fast.", "i like this shirt", "This really helps hold the heat in.  The snug fit makes it comfortable and easy to slip a loose top over it.  We are keeping our house colder so this is really helping me stay toasty!", "Size was just as listed, fit just like it should! No fading over time, kept it's shape ~ nice t-shirt.", "I'm glad I found this when I did it was only $26 which is a great deal for any dri fit shirt. Especially a nike one", "Bought as a gift for my husband last Xmas. He loved it. Hope I can find more quality bargains like this.", "I'm a very active athlete. You could say I'm not the most well-endowed person up top. Still, I prefer comfortable, sturdy bras that are not too constricting and are durable for the amount of times that I wear and wash them in a week. This bra fits all of my criteria. It's lightweight, but still offers support and coverage. It's a great color too! And the material will definitely last long.", "The Nike fleece capri works very well for my Curves workout because they allow more air flow as the workout level increases.  They are comfortable, pack well and are a great addition to my workout clothes options.", "The tiempo are actually better than the latest adidas shoes. I think the stud placement is a good compromise between perf and comft", "Ordered shoe for 9 yr old as a replacement for traditional indoor shoes. This year he was likely to play significant time on turf and a regular indoor shoe wouldn't work. Looked to find a shoe that would pull double duty & this is what I found.  Initially worried about how this shoe would perform indoors to start the season, as the sole is alittle firmer than an indoor shoe & was worried about traction on a hard floor. So far there haven't been any problems. My son likes the fit. The off-set laces stay tied (too often coated with something that makes them stain resistent but impossible to keep tied). The color scheme is just wild enough that he likes them & tame enough that it doesn't hurt my eyes to watch him play. Size appears to run true -", "the wrap around technology ensures the sunglasses are snug and do not bounce around during runs and other activity.  Lightweight!  Also, when placed on head/hat, stays snug there as well and has not yet fallen off.  It didnt come with a plastic case, but one wasnt advertised so I'm not worried.  I'll find an old one and use it instead.  Recommend buying, yes!", "The only sunglasses my husband will wear! They're hard to find so I'm excited that we finally found them somewhere!", "This is a very thin t-shirt. I wasn't expecting it to be this thin when ordering it but that's okay. It was still really nice. Perfect for running. Bought this as a gift.", "These shirts are great for anything outdoors. Wear a regular cotton shirt one day, a dri-fit the next, and you will never go back to the regular for outdoor activities again.", "I purchased this t-shirt for my husband because he loves the Nike brand. I was super satisfied when I received because not only it was the color I was expecting but it was a very nice and light tshirt. He loved it. It arrived on time.", "Got these for my son. Needless to say, he is rather rough on cleats, between club and high school teams, he wears these 6 days/week. Anything that lasts over 3-4 months with this type of abuse gets a thumbs up from me!", "Fits well, the material is softer than I thought it would be. My husband really liked it (early Valentine's Day present). Nice fit. My husband is 6'2\" and wears medium to large in t-shirts; I bought him the large, since it's a jacket.", "la recomiendo muy practica para ir al campo, para hacer deporte o ir a la playa, vino nueva como lo indica el vendedor", "This article was a great deal, I hope to find others in the future like this. .This brand is one of the best and its products are very goods", "This is a really classic design. I love the grading in the shade, and I use it all the time when driving.There is only one problem, and that may be very individual for me, and that is the length of the temples. My head is obviously some percentage too large, so they do not fit perfectly. I wish sunglasses sold here had a couple different temple-lengths..", "I like these shades, fit perfect the tint is way cool. Though, when I bought these I was under the impression I was going to recieve a case with them. Oh well. They won't need a case they not coming off.", "My experience with cycling makes me tend to prefer these short tights over baggy shorts.  They stay in place and provide adequate compression.  I really like the feel of these shorts.  They are soft and supple, and have a matte, non-shiny finish.  The waistband is supportive and keeps  They have a key pocket on the back, with some reflective strips for visibility in low light.  I usually prefer shorts with an inner brief, but everything else about these shorts compensates for that one thing.", "I Brought this for my boyfriend who works-out hard and sweats profusely. This fit well and keeps him comfortable. I will will definitely be purchasing more of these.", "I bought this shirt as a birthday gift for my son.  He loved it and the fit was just perfect.", "Quite warm and snug enough that it doesn't get snagged on things without being restrictive.The cut of this pullover is perfect for me--broad shoulders, narrow waist, broad hips. The sleeves are just long enough to pull over my hands for warmth, and the body is long enough that the bottom hem sits very well on my hips. I really like the zippered pockets--great for cell phone and keys and positioned so that you can actually keep things in them without it adding awkward bulk to your silhouette. Because who says you can't be warm and still look good? Recommended.", "The red sox logo is what made me purchase this product. Unfortunately, no such product exists, and they can only provide a plain red jacket. Tread with caution", "My son bought this sweatshirt, good quality and its nice and warm.  He is very happy with it and would by another.", "Fits kind of tight, I wear a large - returning for an XL.  I'm 6' 170 lbs average build... I like everything else about it though.", "I just ran a half last weekend in these and they are the best! Wore my buff over my ears and the arms did not hurt or press into my head any! They are stylish enough to wear out and can't wait to wear them on the boat this summer! A+", "I have purchased 2 pairs of these expensive sunglasses at full price.  They are great sunglasses to run it...however, the rubber nose piece falls out easily and if you aren't paying attention to where it falls, it is easy to lose.  Once it is gone, the glasses are USELESS.  I should have learned my lesson after the first nose piece fell off during a race.  I tried looking for it and couldn't find it.  Ran the entire race without glasses and bought another pair.  UGH.  Within a few months it happened again.  I know several other runners that have experiened the same thing.  Why won't NIKE sell just the replacement nose pieces?  You have to buy a whole new pair of sunglasses.  Will never, ever buy these glasses again.", "I had got the product on time and figured out that it is excellent prodruct and very beatfull. i would recommend it.", "My previous experience with various Nike products wasn't good, I would never consider Nike because of the poor quality,  the Nike Skylon Sunglasses are different, I look at it as an exception, this one instance has not change my view of Nike, but I am a fair guy, I have to give Nike an A++ for their Skylon Sunglasses, they are the only type of sunglasses I can wear all day long on a golf course, no distortion, very light,  very comfortable, one of the best sunglasses in my possession.", "very lightperfect vision while runningI am perfectionist and this sunglasses are really good for training  . I recommend them", "THESE GLASSES ARE REALLY LIGHT AND THEY STAY ON EVEN IF YOU ARE RUNNING FASTER OR DOING INTERVALS.I HAVE THE WHITE ONE AND JUST ORDERED THESE GREY ONES FOR MY BROTHER FOR HIS BIRTHDAY.GREAT GIFT FOR ANYONE WHO LOVES OUTSIDE ACTIVITIES.", "This sun glasses is very durable and works for running. I ran with it all the time. It doesn't move or fall when you are wearing it. The glass itself is very clear and nice. They look good and make you look good. I would recommended this to anyone who needs a sun glasses.", "Great wallet for my son for christmas. He loved it. It is a high quality product that will last a long time.", "Product is nice and very light weight. Good quality leather and seems to be bike to withstand years of use. The only downside to this product is that there is no slot dedicated to your license. This can get annoying as when you have a need to show your drivers license you'll have to fumble around and pick the card out of the slot. Having that in mind if that doesn't bother you ( it didn't me) this is a fantastic wallet.", "Doesnt really fit my cards in the provided slots but after jamming them in there at first the slots stretched out...the wallet is decent", "I bought this for a nephew for Christmas. It looked very well made, and we both were happy with it.", "It is a very good wallet.  The pockets for the cards are very tight when inserting the credit cards and membership cards but work.  They are only big enough for one care each (two if you really try and don't really use them all the time).There isn't a middle pocket for the ID so you would have to manually remove it to show it (casino, bars, whatever) and it could be a pain.  I used the middle flap (it has a clear patch of plastic over it so you can have it in their and still show the information) into it.  It still folds good with it so keep that in mind.  The money slides into it without folding the corners but if you try to put too much in (about seven or more) bills, it wont slide anymore and they jumble up. but that doesn't matter because you are a shot caller anyways :).  The corners of the wallet are very stiff but I think that it is just because it is leather and it can be worked out, but for the first week or so, it will be stiff and stab you a bit if you aren't careful.  It folds flat with more than 10 bills in it and it only bows after about 13 with all the pockets filled with cards.", "Comes in attractive packaging. Replaced my boyfriend's similar Nike wallet which he had for about 10 years. This wallet is not too bulky and fits the basics you would need.", "This product is very nice quality of leather. It is perfect for the athletic man. I would recommend this product to anyone.", "Great quality wallet for the price. Just as described. Subtle nike emblem on corner of wallet. Bought it for my 16 year old son for Christmas. He loves it.", "Got this as a gift for my boyfriend.He liked it a lot. Said the leather was nice.Hes had it for 2 months now, and looks brand new.So great i decided to review it! It's a good buy, great gift idea!", "This is a very minimalist wallet and if it didn't have the swoosh on it and come packaged in a beautiful box with magnetic catch, it would be just another $5 wallet. That's fine though because I was looking for a thin wallet that didn't have a hundred pockets and dividers in the currency sleeve, as though I need to keep my hundreds separated from my fives. Well, this fits the bill (pun intended- note singular use of the noun) but they've taken the minimalist design a tad too far. Cards do not fit in the slots and once you have forced them in you need pliers to get them out. There are only 6 card slots but oddly when they are all filled the wallet is reluctant to close flat, and that's before you try to put anything in the hidden sections. And as far as folding money is concerned, my advice is to travel light; perhaps a couple of hundreds because much more than that and wallet is not going to fold flat. This is basically a step up from a money clip so unless you travel with maybe 4 credit (ATM, library, Moose Lodge Club, etc) cards, a couple of biz cards and a few bills you can drop the &#34;fold&#34; from &#34;billfold&#34;. Overall a nice looking wallet with just average construction. Oddly, the long section of leather is split into 2 pieces. Not sure if this is a design feature or just saving cost on a larger piece of leather but creates an annoying bump where the overlap seam occurs vertically, just past the halfway point on the backside of the wallet. Did I mention the nice box...?", "Great size wallet.  It's nice & light and won't weigh down your pockets.  Holds most of the items you need unless you carry a lot of store cards.  Consider an alternative (phone apps, something else to hold store cards) before buying.", "My wife uses it to run. She jsut uses this jacket and one long sleeve undegament from 22 degrees to 40 degrees. She can adjust the ventialation with the zipper. She loves it. We run aproximatly 5 miles 3 times a week in NJ. The male version is ok but It seems to be a different material not as nice as the woman's", "El producto es de excelente calidad exactamente como el que describe el vendedor y la entrega muy puntual recomiendo ampliamente", "its made of a very poor quality, but you get what you pay, that was weird from a nike product, the fit was correct, it arrived on time but it looks like a hering t shirt, very disappointing..", "great buy.....great quality my son wears it all the time!! we got a great price on this as well!! like!", "Size small fits perfect, fast shipping also. Thank you for a wonderful item, I'll get a lot of use out of this shirt.", "I like this sweatpant a lot -very comfertable and a good fit- great to lay around the house in and relax", "The pants are really long and I'm 6 feet tall, they fit but they're extremely baggy.  If I were to roll the bottom of the pants up to my knees then the bottoms would align with my ankles.  I should have read the description better because the ankles are elastic which I don't like.  I also would appreciate if the front pockets had zippers.", "I'm a pretty avid runner, I like to clock in 3 to 8 miles a day just mood dependent. I bought this on a whim since i love my nike sports bra so much and I have to say, I was impressed. I have a small D for chest size and I loved that I got real support-not just my chest sucked in to avoid movement and keeping me from breathing. The main body of the fabric was cotton and I just love running in this top!", "Should be correct now! I received a version with all red frames. Acceptable, but not what is pictured.I'll update to five stars on receiving product.", "Great deal fast delivery, thanks!", "Any Nike product is of excellent quality. The 2 types of lenses, black and brown, filtered sunlight as expected to do so. Also the design is very striking.", "Great looking glasses, saw them on Nike Vision website and knew I wanted them, they are super sturdy and super comfortable even for flat noses. Very snug fit on my face and everyone has told me they look great and are good for any occasion.", "I have using Nike eyeglasses for many years and I am very satisfied. The 7070 series, like other Nike frames I used to have, fit very well and are made of good quality materials.", "very nice jersey -- fits well and love the quality.cool to have as the olympics are in russia this winter.definitely recommend.", "Great leather shoes (one of the few ones left in the futsal world).A sizing tip... I'm 11 M US on adidas.... had to order a size 12 on this nike model.", "BUENOS TACOS, LLEGARON A VENEZUELA EN BUEN ESTADO. EL VENDEDOR MUY RESPONSABLE Y EFICIENTE. LOS RECOMIENDO. ESPERO DISFRUTAR DE OTROS PRODUCTOS", "This bag is currently marked as $50.00 on the finish line website. I was going to buy it here but the price is too high. I will still be purchasing this bag, just from somewhere else.", "Sorry but im not impressed about the quality of the bag and I guess the price that ive paid for was not justifiable.", "It has everything I need. I was expecting the material to be a bit sturdier, but it's fine, and I like how light it is.", "They are great. Expensive for socks, but they are really nice and seem to wash up well. I have only had them a few weeks, but happy with purchase so far.", "As far as socks go, these socks rock! So many people stop me to ask about my socks and I like that!", "Very good quality of material and my son enjoys them", "Decent socks - would buy again, would be really great if they were a bit big so it helps with not getting tanned :)", "This is the first time I find lebron socks in stock. It is a really good item and I totally recommend it.", "These Lebron James nike elites were very comfortable and well fitting. They are great for basketball and I highly reccomend them for baskeball players.", "I play basketball, golf and every other activity in these. My feet tend to get sore if I'm on them for a long period of time but not so much in these.", "Bought 2 pair for my teenage sons for basketball. They love them. Not a bad price for the quality. They will last a long time. Worth the extra $$", "The socks were great normal Nike brand but I got them a month late defeats the purpose of a gift !", "I BOUGHT THESE AS A Christmas PRESENT FOR MY GRANDSON IN THE DALLAS AREA AND HE LOVES THEM OR SO HIS MOTHER SAYS.", "My 12 year old loves these socks and I always pick him up a few new pair a month.  I usually get them at the Navy Exchange for much cheaper, but I am deployed right now so this is my only option.  I don't mind paying an extra couple of dollars to make him happy while I am away!", "These are very comfortable. Best for athletic people. You cold run all day with these. Unlike other socks. Buy these", "My son loves these socks as well as all Nike Elite Basketball Crew Socks.  I know they are somewhat pricey, but they last a long time.  I wash these socks 3 times a week and they look brand new.  The cushion and compression are perfect for my 14 year old.", "Very good and comfortable socks and they came faster than expected and that's good business thanks &#34;AplusAthletics&#34; I do appreciate!!! God bless!!!", "although these socks are expensive, they seem to last a lot longer than regular socks.  My son loves them and wears them daily.", "These socks are very durable and meet all of my expectations.  Thank you for such good quality merchandise.  Thank you", "Rather expensive for only one pair of socks. Really they are JUST socks. But teenagers boys seem to love socks so it works, I guess.", "Not like swaggy underarmour but still the coolest beans socks my eyes have every looked on swaggy nike beans elits.", "They weren't the right color I wanted black and red not white and red they didnt fit right they were the wrong size", "Nice sock but there are slightly better made socks out there at this price point.The pads around the ankle areas are not well placed.  *Maybe it's just how my feet are???Otherwise, the fit is nice and the heel is just deep enough.I really like the color patterns.", "Brought for my son (13 years old). He wore them for basketball practice and some games. No complaints from him.", "I love the colors and I really want this Lebron style elite sock, but too big. Please stock in Large 8-12", "Look at the socks. Look at that Sexy Over the Calf design. It is so sexy that after you wear it on even your calf have crush on it. This sexy socks definitely worth 300 dollars. Definitely.There is no way that you will get sexier socks than this. I've been saving my money for this. I even skipped 7 days for this and went to hospital, but I did not pay anything even in hospital. I escaped from the hospital. They thoughtI'm thief so I got shot in the chin, but it's okay! Because if people see my sexy socks, who gives a crap, right?", "I initially made a review with a 2 star comment...........however 15 minutes after submitting the review I received a phone call from the owner of the company and the issue I had was immediately resolved.  I'm currently updating my review and if I can remove my previous one I will do so.  I definitely would work with this company again because  of the obvious integrity they hold to make things right for their customers.", "Over all, this is a nice sock.The top of the sock goes right to the bottom of my knee. Maybe just a tad too tall, by like one inch or slightly more.The padded area around the ankles could be better positioned.I'm happy with this purchase.UPDATE :  The foot size of this sock is certainly larger than the Crew length version. Also the color (red) parts of the sock bleed dye really bad.  Despite all that, I would still order another pair some time.", "I don't know who's sizing these things for Nike, but this is certianly no XXL...I'm a full grown adult, and this this insn't even CLOSE to an XXL.  It's SKIN TIGHT.This is absolute garbage, and I will NEVER order ANYTHING from this seller EVER AGAIN.  DESCRIBE YOUR SIZES PROPERLY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", "Good long sleeve shirt made of a wool blend.  Keeps me warm while not being too bulky when running.  It does however, have a tendency to smell a bit when wet.", "I run about 30 miles a week and use this wool zip fleece jacket a lot.  This has a great fit and it stays dry.", "El sueter es muy lindo. Lo recomiendo 100%. Me encanto. El color es perfecto. El sueter se ajusta al cuerpo de manera increible. Es sencillamente bueno", "My husband has 2 of these, and he's very picky when it comes to quality. Both have been washed dozens of times and they still remain like new. Very happy with this find.", "good for boy  na ana na na na na na ana  na na na anan an an an a a", "Lighter than picture but just as adorable. I absolutely love them and they are comfortable. Throw on and go type sneakers.", "She loves the bright colors and says they are very comfortable. Seem to be true to size. She hasn't worn them in a game yet but she has had several pairs of Nike, I anticipate they will perform just fine.", "My 8 year old is BIG into soccer and he wanted a new pair of indoor soccer shoes. He found these on Amazon all by himself and saved up his money to purchase them. They were a great price for the shoe. My son is really hard on shoes, he plays hard every day and they don't normally last but these ones have lasted several months and they are still in great condition. He loves the bright colors and gets regular compliments on them which makes him smile :)", "They are a great indoor shoe for the price. They fit nice and she loves the way they look. She believes they make her run faster", "I chose this product because it was the cheapest among similar items. I would recommend this to anyone who wants to run in cold weather.", "Just what I had anticipated. Very comfortable, light weight and stylish. Adds just enough warmth and is a quiick dry.", "My son plays college football and is extremely happy with the weight, traction, comfort and look of the cleats. Happy with the product.", "My daughter uses them for soccer & field lacrosse and is very happy with them, they are light and comfortable", "A bit big but nice product. My daughter liked the style and received lots of compliments regarding this, I would buy again.", "I wear a 34C regular bra and this in size medium works great for me.  Stays where it should and does not cause any discomfort while running or working out.", "Great quality socks, I just wanted to let others know that the packaging has a suggested retail of: $14.00, not $21.99, the original price was covered with a sticker, curiosity always makes me peel it off to see what the hidden amount was....Just FYI.", "Well first of all I ordered the size meant for a 3 to 5 youth shoe size because my son wears a 4 1/2 shoe. The socks are way to small, so I suggest ordering up 1 size. Second, I was not very impressed with the quality. I expected something better for $16 and the Nike name brand. I don't see any difference between these socks and your average Hanes socks other than the Nike swoosh on the side. My advice is to save a few bucks and just buy regular socks because you are only paying for the Nike symbol.", "im a size 7 in womens and these fit pretty good. they are a little thick but they hold up well.", "My granddaughter just LOVES them. In fact she asked for more.  Would wear them every day if her mom let her.", "My 8 year old son likes they way they feel, and the socks fit well, but they've been leaving a lot of lint around the house and in his sneakers.  We washed before wearing. Maybe it will change after repeated washes since I have not seen this complaint from anyone else.", "I got what I needed to get, the quality is really superior . very comfortable,fit well and wash well. I'd buy them again in the future if I needed to buy more.", "I love these socks! Found them by accident when I was stuck on travel having to buy running shoes and socks because my plantar fasciitis problem recurred. All I could find in black crew style were boy's socks. (I wear a woman's 8, which is a boy's 6, shoe.) These socks fit tight which is fine by me. Once I get them on, my feet feel so good. If I've been wearing hard-soled or non-supportive shoes, I pay the price with pain the next day. So sometimes I just wear a fresh pair of these socks to bed with Topricin rubbed in beforehand. Voila! No morning foot pain.", "My 9 year old son wanted these socks so badly.  Apparently they are all the rage with the teenagers.  Bought these for him and he loves them.  They wear and wash well.  Very happy with my purchase.", "I bought these socks for my ten-year-old son, and they fit him perfectly. He is hard on socks and shoes, but these socks hold up through his many activities.", "these are holding up really well after two months of high activity in a 12 yo.  no frays or holes yet (and with him that is a miracle).", "I wasnt sure about these socks.  my son put them in his wishlist.  they actually are great socks, nice and thick and fit really well.  I have been looking for more just like them, but in white.  always out of my son's size... will keep on it.", "My son loves these socks.  He wears a size 6 shoe and these fit perfectly.  They wash and dry well.", "Good socks at a fair price. Fast service. These socks feel good on your feet, give support stay up in any shoe and they last.", "These socks are just OK, run a little small.  I wear them with boots and my feet do not stay dry.  they are better than plain cotton socks but I would not cal them moisture wicking.", "both of my children wanted these for volleyball as they like the comfort and padding/wicking they provide. Good quality and price.", "We purchased these socks at a sports store in town  and the only size they had turned out too big when we got home.  So we found the correct size online.  They arrived as promised and fit perfectly.  Thank you!  My grandson was thrilled when the truck pulled up with the package!!", "I have a very picky 7 year old that insists on longish black socks.  He loves them and does not complain about the stitches like he did with the Hanes.", "Well I guess the black socks up to the knees are what the kids are wearing these days, my son loves them, has them on no matter what the out fit he is wearing looks like, but I guess black goes with anything.. They are pretty cool looking, I am sure if I was 9 year boy again It would be a must have for school.......", "As a female Firefighter it is often hard to find good black uniform socks that fit.  I have found a winner in these socks.  They keep my feet comfortable, they stay up in my fire boots. I spend a lot of time on my feet, taking shoes & boots on & off and Im very happy with these socks. The socks hold up and I get 1 to 1/2 year of use out of each pair.", "Good fit. My MS son loves to wear black socks with slides. They are a good thickness and don't seem to stretch out of shape.", "The boys love the thickness without being hot, I love how they don't fade and neither droop or are too tight", "The cool thing for my 9 yr old son to wear right now!!  Everyone has a pair.  Washes up well!", "great product and received very quickly. No need for extra postage since it arrived so quickly. My son loves them", "I bought these for my son for Christmas and he loves them.  He wears a youth size 6 and they fit perfectly.", "would really like to also get these in white too - but I need black for work -  great socks - nike  keep well washing after washing  -ty", "My son is extremely tough on all his clothes.  These socks are well made and can handle the rough and tumble life of a 10 year old boy.  They fit perfectly and most importantly to him, they stay in place and don't sag down to his ankles.", "These are good socks, nice length and they worked great for my son's basketball uniform!  I have never bought socks online before, I was pleased!!!", "My 8th grade son wears a size 7 shoe so based on the reviews, I thought these would be the right size but they are really, really snug. Probably too small but he doesn't really care. He'll deal with it as long as it's Nike. Next time however, I will buy the next size up. Which might be very soon as these may just end up going directly to the littler family guys.", "The product is great. They fit good. Last very long. Good pricing for the amount of socks you get in the package.", "These run very small and fit low on the leg...just above the ankle. Now very attractive and my grandson wasn't very happy with the fit or the look.", "I've been looking for a black sock to wear with black pants, and like nike brand. I couldn't find these in the women's department so I decided to try a boy's size.  They work, though the elastic is a little snug, I wouldn't recommend if you have muscular or large calves.", "Purchased these for my son who wears a size 16 shoe. The fit is great and they wash up great.", "These socks wear and wear.  I bought the multipack and my kid has worn them over and over.  Even with repeated washings they have not faded, stretched or raveled.", "I have ordered these before and the size I did this time were too small. The exchange policy and the size I need are so easy to find at amazon. The socks hold up really well!", "Great product .Just didn't fit our sports nut .Ordered different size that worked out a lot better. Great for all sports.", "They are thick and stay up. Like most black socks they let off a little blackish die the first time you wear them, if it matters to you then turn them inside out and wash once before wearing.", "These socks fit my 10 year old boy with a size 4 shoe perfectly.  He likes their heavier weight.  They are lasting very well with lots of wear for sports.  Preferred over the similar Adidas crew socks, which we also purchased, due to stretch, wicking, and fit.", "good price and good quality made. i have put them through couple of washes already and the color hasn't faded yet.", "All the boys are into the look of these socks. My boys were pleased. I have had several moms ask where to get them. I sent them here!", "I was expecting a normal size, turned our to be BABY socks. I couldn't contact seller and had to end up paying for it. Threw them out.", "great deal great price. What else can I say it's socks", "My husband ordered several of these shirts and he loves them. They are very comfortable, and are great to wear on hot days (especially if you sweat a lot). Love them.", "I love this jacket! It fits well and is not bunchy. The Dri-fit lining is only on the core (not in the sleeves) but this is fine for me. It's perfect for spring running and has plenty of ventilation. It could also be used for an extra layer under a ski jacket, rain coat, or wind breaker. I love the color as well. Just perfect.", "I bought this for my 7th grader and he loves it. It has plenty of room and it's very durable for school and sports. The only down side was when I ordered it, we ordered the bue one because that's his favorite color but the gray one is what we got. Still very happy though...", "I use this bag to carry my gear for after-office use, because it will be wastage of time to go home, change and get back to the gym for exercise. It has already saved me hours. The compartment helps to keep the more wet things in one and the rest in the other.", "Nike isnt what they used to be. I loved nike products because they seemed to be designed by athletes so they always seemed to have that something extra. Not anymore ! i purchased this bag and a similar bag made by adidas. The difference was night and day . Granted i was just looking for a light bag to use when i go biking and this bag does everythig that i need it to BUT when the adidas bag came it really put this bag to shame. If your in need of a bag i highly suggest you forget this bag and check out the adidas bag , you will not be sorrry!!", "Just as described and pictured , has 3 different compartments , one witha zipper. It's waterproof and fits nicely , you probably wouldn't even notice your wearing it sometimes .", "My HS son chose this because he has other Nike products and loves the color and design. We'll see how long it lasts.", "Great product. Came in a decent time, was clean and brand new. Will use it every time I go hiking. I like the adjustable straps and two pockets.", "Nike products seem to be very popular at my son and daughter's school, and this gymsack is no exception.  It's durable and well made, and comes in some nice colors.  The price is reasonable as well.", "exactly what i needed. great colors. great length. comfortable to wear on my back.", "Great color and sizeFits shoes books and water bottles just greatGreat for athletes, easy to Cary around , and looks good", "this came early and was exactly as described. My son was very excited and it has lasted a while. usually by now they have a hole in them but it doesn't so far.", "i really like this gymsack, fit my soccer shoes and more, color its great and just what I expected, fast shipping and good packing, very satisfied", "very good and fits me pretty much. also, it can hold lots of stuffs. i love it very much yes.", "I use it for the gym and it does the job, it's an overall good back pack. I recommend it.", "Gift for my nephew he loves nike items. We was strolling on the Internet and this bag was eye catching to him...", "Great little bag for times when a giant gym bag is too much!  Great price and speedy service.  My husband loves it!", "Great", "Great bag and very sturdy. Ideal for tossing a few things in, to take to the gym or short trips to the beach, etc. Includes a zipper pocket on the outside and 2 inner pockets - one that is vented at the bottom to let air flow through. And straps that are pretty heavy duty to snug the top closed.", "I've always been a fan of Nike products, this bag is great and even has a vented side for your gym shoes, towel or whatever you want.  Does what I need it to do so I am one happy customer - also package came on time.", "Great bag, well made, love that I can carry it back pack style and is divided inside.", "Arrived as planned, quality is great. Perfect fits everything needed to play soccer. Glad I purchased it, will buy again!", "I bought this bag for my boyfriend because he goes to the gym everyday and he loves it. It holds all the essentials quite nicely and even opens up to fit in enough clothes. The quality is great and you can adjust it to a comfortable level.", "cool pants. i ordered a large. i am like a size 36 and these are too tight around the waist,  need to lose a couple pounds for these.", "the fabric is lookingcheap, the size of il is too small and narrow. it doesnt look like nike quality product.", "Cool.corresponded to this product if specified and is satisfied with what has been received. in the future I will continue buying these items.", "Excellent for golfing. . . snug fit, can rest on a cap without falling. The golf lens works in bight light but still allows good sight in the shade or on cloudy days. I now prefer it for driving (in very bight/direct sun a darker tint is still better). They do seem a bit fragile, but very lightweight. Very satisfied after 1 month.", "Ok very  good.corresponded to this product if specified and is satisfied with what has been received. in the future I will continue buying these items.", "Thank you very much hooded sweater is excellent my son was fascinated. with this purchaseI'm very comfortable good for this purchase and I congratulate", "Great quality at a great price, product exactly as described!! My son says this is his new favorite sweatshirt!!  Would buy again.", "Great Wallet for the sports minded guy!My golfing hubby loves this wallet.  I bought one for him at a department store and he liked it!  Then, the new puppy chewed it up.  So, I suggested that I go and purchase a new expensive wallet with soft leather for him.  Noooooo.  He wanted me to find the exact Nike wallet.  So, I went back and alas- sold out.  I forgot about it until I observed him using the same chewed up wallet a week later-Ugh.  Hopped on Amazon and there it was!  Woo hoo!  I never saw the guy so happy to get a present.  What was it about the wallet I wondered?  Well, he doesn't worry about it if it gets wet, it is well organized and nice looking.  It is very reasonably priced and well made from my point of view- not puppy proof- but neither is my dining room table......", "I bought this wallet for my brother for a birthday gift. I was very pleased with it, especially because it came in a collectors tin. I had to mail it to him and it survived....twice. It arrived in wonderful condition. The cost, availablity, and promptness of delivery.", "Bought this to replace the exact one my son has but this is not the same quality .  It says it is leather but really does not feel like it. Would not recommend. Returned.", "Nice shirt and feels comfortable and it represents me an uptown soldier", "I ordered the original version of this item - a black shirt with blue accents. Amazon mis-matched the shirt with the wrong description and the seller provided a black shirt with no blue accents because it original was discontinued. The seller, Games People Play, went above and beyond to satisfy my concerns and provided a discount. I highly recommend them.", "My son has been working out and loves these long sleeve shirts for his early morning work outs especially in the winter.", "I have ordered a few Jordan bags from different companies and they never seem to last and they are always smaller than expected.  Well when this bag showed up on my doorstep, i was impressed from the beginning.  The bag is huge in comparison to most &#34;gym bags&#34; from the Jordan brand that i have had over the years.  it has multiple pockets for all of your stuff and it is very deep...definitely a good buy so far", "This bag really isn't for say anyone over the age of 7.  I was disappointed because I purchased it for my 15 year son who plays alot of basketball.  He knows his \"gear\" and this wouldn't have impressed him.  I didn't even show it to him; just returned it to Amazon.  I expected better quality from the \"Jordan\" brand.  At $33, it was an outrageous purchase.  Look for a different bag, Amazon offers several.", "Socks are Socks - What do you say...  Nice pair but... Socks are Socks.  Good overall construction  for the socks", "very light weight and feels great. i am a runner and i use these socks for my cross country races for the style of course but they really do feel great", "Pros:-lightweight and breathable, but good quality-they will go a few inches past your knees (if that's what you are looking for)-fast shipping-fits well (make sure you check out the size chart)Cons:-may be a little pricy compared to other sites-not for people looking for warm socks (see above:lightweight and breathable)overall: I would order these again and from this seller again", "I always wear these when I play basketball.  I feel naked and just not the same without them.  It could be OCD but these do look and feel great.I am 6 feet tall and they go up to my knees.You may have to wear socks over them because they are very thin.Enjoy.", "It takes a bit of extra pull to put this on but besides that its great. Looks vibrant at night like glow in the dark.", "Needed a replacement for travel soccer team. This was the best price and best deal out there.  It's a good sock that doesn't stretch out.", "The socks were great except for the fact that they came in the wrong color. These lime neon green socks were not the ones i ordered but by the time i received them it was too late to return them for a new pair since it was a gift.", "this nike tiempo mystic iv are perfectcomfortable, amazing design and very strongif you wanta shoe to kick and be durabk&iquest;le this will be perfect for you", "CAME EARLIER THAN EXPECTED. KUDOS GUYS!! XD THIRTEEN WORDS REQUIRED..... ITS ALL I HAVE TO SAY.GOOD JOB. LAST TWO", "This Backpack practically carried me to mount everest it was so light. Very Nice. Great Everywhere you go. So many different pockets for when I'm on the go. The only thing it's missing is a coffee machine for work on Monday mornings. WOW!!! Shout outs to BABY J'Sus", "My husband starting using these as he began an exercise program while recovering from abdominal surgery. It gave him extra comfort and support that reassured him. Have bought again.", "Great adorable comfortable true to size and wonderful.  This is a great outfit!  So happy we found our nike gear", "Exactly what I ordered!  My son couldnt be happier with his new wallet!  I bought it for Christmas and he loves it.", "The product I ordered was brown and I received a black wallet. I was very disappointed even though they provided quick delievery it was of the wrong item.", "I ordered this wallet online as a Christmas gift for my son who is 51 years old. He is a golfer and that's what caught my attention. I am in NC and he lives in FL, but he has indicated to me that he is pleased with this wallet.", "A replacement gift, this wallet is stylish and good quality. It is beautifully flat (no coin compartment) which was the main requirement and quite striking.", "The leather on this wallet felt very good and the stitching was also nicely done. After using it for a while I realized that I needed an Id window so I switched to an old one that had an Id window. If your looking for a basice six slot wallet then you can't go wrong with this one", "Just what I was looking for. Enough room for all my stuff but not too fat. It doesn't have extra layers for id, etc", "I was disappointed that it was not sufficiently large for eight or ten cards.Rather than go through the trouble to return it, I've kept it.", "Nice looking wallet.  It s very slim and not bulky. Has a great look and my don was very happy with the purchase.", "This is a nice wallet for a kid ! Not the nicest leather or best made. If you're a grown up you will be disappointed !", "This great wallet. The leather is perfect it great if your looking for a slim, nice wallet. Before i had a apline swiss wallet, and this wallet is ten times better", "I found the fit of this shirt to be acceptable. However, the quality is not what I am used to from Nike products which I purchased in the US.", "Me gustar&iacute;a que le agregaran un bolsillo interior. Muy pr&aacute;ctico y bonito, el logo se ve muy bien y tiene un buen tama&ntilde;o.", "I am a 40 year old mom with small feet. Every other sock I have tried were to big or to small. But these not only fit great they don't fal down ever! No bunching in my shoes. These are the only socks I will wear!!!!", "Very good quality nike sunglasses!!!And so cute as well!!Very happy with this purchase from me to my husband!!!!", "We searched for days to find sunglasses to replace some my husband had worn for over 5 years.  He's very particular so when we found these we ordered as soon as we could.  Thanks so much.", "Super comfy, look great and are perfect for golf. Don't even remember I'm wearing them, plus the interchangeable lenses are a nice feature.", "Nice sun glasses,  Arrived quickly but got stung for import tax :(.  These are the 3rd pair of Nike Skylon sunglasses I've owned, every, the last 2 pairs lasted for 6+ years and are still going strong.", "Fits great and like the look - happy with the purchase and with the product.  Will stick with Nike going forward", "I am very happy with my purchase. Item came ahead of time and exactly what I ordered. This is my second pair of Nike's my last pair lasted me for 7 years and I still have them. Nike's are very light weight and comfortable especially when worn for long periods of time. I could never go back to cheap sunglasses as they just end up giving me a headache. I Would definitely do business with Paris Miki Optical again.", "I have had several pairs of Oakley Radar's in the past. These are my first pair of Nike sunglasses. The Nike Skylon Ace Pro are lighter, more comfortable,and the lenses are easier to keep clean.The best part is they are $100.00 cheaper than the Oakley's..", "Nice. I have enjoyed them a great deal. Comes with a nice pouch that also foibles to clean the glasses.", "Light, fits perfectly, and delivered in an excellent time frame. I recommend this glasses to any one with a bit wider face however, it fits in all faces. certainly a great deal!", "Improves vision, cuts the glare.  They do not help with seeing a cell phone or gps that is a draw back, but they do help read greens and judge distance.", "I bought these for my son that likes to wear shorts all the time winter and summer !  They have a nice weight to them and they are long enough to somewhat keep him warm during the cold weather, I have washed them several times now and they stand washings very well.", "my boyfriend absolutely loves these pants. They are comfortable and not too loose fitting. I am going to have to buy them in some other colors now!", "I wear these shorts EVERY DAY for 6 months here in CO. They are my 'dress shorts'. Thick, exactly the right length and with pockets.Nike and you can't go wrong.", "Nice fit, a bit long. One of the few ladies shorts with nice size pockets. I wish they would make more shorts with pockets.. These are high quality", "I bought three pair of these shorts.  They're nice and light, and they are an athletic fitting shorts but don't look like it. I wasn't sure if they were golf shorts or what, but I wear them all the time in the various styles and colors they offer. I bought mine at the Nike store, but now that I've found them on Amazon, I'll be picking up a few more.  You'll love them.", "Very nice pants. The pants were exactly as described on the website. My son really likes the pants. Very compfortable.", "These Nike pants have the stitching (NIKE) in light blue thread and it is usually in black or white thread. I tried to return them and Amazon sent them back and said they cannot be returned through them although they were bought through  Amazon.", "This is an awesome product from Nike.  As no one is a size zero in my house (how can zero be a size?) and rather proud of our muscles. Scrawny was 'in' during the twenties.  Just do it.", "I had been a die-hard Oakley wearer for a long time. My most recent Oakleys were the Flak Jacket. I liked them well enough but was never a fan of the straight ear piece/temple that Oakley has. When you wear a hat you either have to jam them under the hat or stretch them over.Then I noticed a lot of baseball players wearing these Nike sunglasses that were similar to the Oakleys but with more traditional temples.So, I recently lost my pair of Flak Jackets so I figured it was time to give these a try. I couldn't be happier. They are a more comfortable fit (with and without a hat on) both on the ears and nose. The Nike's are a little lighter weight and cover a bit more of my eyes.I got the pair with the Max Speed tint and I love it. Perfect for driving and just about anything. Even on overcast days they increase the contrast. They come with a 2nd set of lenses that I haven't tried yet, but they look pretty good.Overall, a much better value than Oakleys", "Great glasses for fans of wayfarers and frog skins.  They have a good weight but aren't tight. I fell in love with them immediately.  (Purchased at a Nike outlet)", "Great sunglasses! You can purchase different components, shade tone, color of the sunglasses. It's all versatile to interchange pieces of the sunglasses without having to purchase several different pairs.", "You will love these glasses.  They come in a really nice case.  Two interchangeable lenses are included.  If you are looking for cool looking sunglasses that are also functional, you have found them.", "These are stylish, look well made, and function well. They're delicate enough that you'll want to keep them in the case and otherwise handle with care when in use.On that delicate issue, I made the mistake of putting these in a jacket pocket without the case, and when I got home, I realized they had basically fallen apart. The glasses use special plastic rivets to hold the lenses to the nose piece. I took the glasses to an optical shop and they had the tool to fix the glasses. Took all of a minute and cost me $3, but I was elated that they could be repaired. Just another reason to keep them in their case when you're not using them.", "Very lightweight frame and it will fit a wide face if that's what you need.  And a very good price.", "I liked this glasses very much because they were just as I tough they were and they give the protection and comfort that I wanted", "Very friendly customer service! Excellent pair of sunglasses with good price! I have searched local stores but couldn't find a pair with such good quality and price.", "First, I want to say that I have a pair of Nike sunglasses that look just like the pic that I love.  They have a little crack, so I thought I was purchasing the same/ similar model.  The frames come off as a gunmetal color in the picture, but they are more of a flat black in person.  My current model is much nicer.  They are worth the price for someone who likes the black frames with blue lenses.", "This is a really great product and the only reason i didn't give 5 stars is because you cant adjust the size to the head. If you child have a head Big for his age, try a biger size", "I purchased this hat for my 4 year old son.  The color is bright and the hat is well made.  It fits his head perfectly!  I am very pleased with product.", "It didn't fit my 3 yr old and it is not adjustable.", "Fits my 2 1/2 year old with room to spare plus he looks absolutely adorable in it &#128536; it's his new favorite go-to hat", "it looks so so so so  cute on my boy ... eventhouhg it is a bit bigger than his size but still he feels ok with it ...", "My son is very fair skinned, so we needed a versatile hat to keep him out of the summer sun. This hat is perfect! It's very comfortable, and provides just enough shade for his face. Plus, it's absolutely darling! I love the pop of color with the neon swosh, and they gray goes with everything. Great purchase!", "I love hats on my son, when I saw this hat on Amazon I knew it'd be a great buy. In gave it four stars because I thought it was a little pricey for what you get and it not be an Amazon Prime product. But looks great on my son, good colors and seems sturdy good buy.", "They were a bit narrow but still felt good to play. They feel like they can last a long time especially the way I play.", "This shoe fits well, has good traction and good feel. It has held up well for a season and looks good too!", "We have owned several pair (5-6) of versions of this shoe and normally they are excellent - they last on average 6-9 months.This pair at 15 hours of wear (about 6 weeks old), the toe box started to pull away from the sole, rendering the shoes unusable.At >$180.00 per pair, this is unacceptable life for any shoes.If I could give this experience 0 stars, I would.Amazon and their 3rd party vendor - Soccerest - need to replace the shoes.", "My grandson was very specific of exactly the shoe and color he wanted. I went to several soccer websites including soccer.com and nobody had them. On a whim I went to Amazon and typed in the exact specs my grandson gave me. Up popped two options with two day shipping to boot. I immideiately ordered and they arrived in time for his tournament that weekend. His team won all three games and their bracket. Now I tend to try Amazon first when looking for stuff.", "These shoes work great for my 17 year old daughter.  She has a high arch and orthotics so she has room to put her orthotic into the boot and it still fits.  It is a nice deep boot which still gives her ankle protection with the orthotic in it.  Happy to find a shoe that works for her and her many hours of soccer fun so she can play without pain.", "Faster deliver, good price, fits perfectly... It looks exactly as I was expecting it...definitly a good choice...thank you", "I use these as a match official. It is hard to find really comfortable shoes that will last for three and four matches at a time without feeling really tired afterwards. These work really well and I am pleased...", "I purchased these to use in my kickball league which plays on astroturf. They were somewhat tight, but it was probably good for the sport. I was able to run really fast to base and also stop on command even after a hard sprint. My kicking somewhat improved as well, but it may have been due to the confidence of having appropriate shoes with a nice flat surface to kick with. As with most neon Nike shoes, the design is very striking to look at and I got a lot of looks from dudes on the subway with these.", "Great hat and was just a little big so he can ware it for awhile.", "Love this hat, looks really cute on. Wears well and fits perfect to the head.  Try washing it a time or two if you have fitting issues.", "First off i would like to say that this is the cutest pair of cleats i have ever owned. I Loved the colors especially because i have an obsession w. purple but the thing is the sizes run a little small so when i first put my foot in it it was really tight on my feet, but i thought it was because i had just bought it but not necessarily the case, I've had it for a few weeks now and i practice in them but they still feel tight especially with my soccer socks and shin guards and ankle protector. So just a small suggestion before you buy this don't buy your actual size by a half size bigger or something like that. But with all that said i still really like the cleats.", "I am 5'6&#34; and athletic, the med fits well with the exception of the chest being a little big (I am a 36 A/B). Once I put another bra on underneath it fits fine. My fault for running off my chest :)", "Great tank, nice and light, will use it for playing tennis.  I like that it does NOT have a built in bra.", "My mother has this exact shirt in black and since she likes it so much I thought I would get her the white one as a gift.I got the exact same size but this one was slightly larger (no idea why), though not overly so.Other than that, she seems to like it very much.", "They met all my needs and expectations!could not find these shirts in the stores.  Could not believe I found them.", "I had purchased these before to layer under a golf shirt for a uniform. I loved it so I bought more. Many more. They are a great moisture wicking fabric. They fit very well. They feel like a second skin. I'm a big fan.", "I love the compression feel and fit of these socks. They're firm and feel like a second skin. When I am running and suffering I don't want to notice any part of my apparel and these disappear from my consciousness as soon as you put them on.", "The socks were for my brother for Christmas, he loved them, except I accidentally purchased them a little too big.", "the socks actually have the word NIKE written largely, not depicted in the picture.  I dont  like how they look and probably would not have bought them if i had seen the actual picture.  Other than that they are great socks performance wise.", "I absolutely love these pants.  I own a lot of capri workout pants, since I am a Physical Education teacher, and most of mine are Under Armour Brand.  I decided to get these because I liked out the Nike Logo was further down on the leg to promote branding identification, and I was more than pleasantly surprised to feel how these fit and how comfortable they are.  The waist is thick enough that it has support and is fitting while still feeling comfortable and being &#34;forgiving&#34; in the sense that it is stretchy.  I like the material allows sweat to wick away and you aren't left feeling sticky and disgusting.  I also like the length of the legs and how they go just about two-three inches below the knee, causing it to look like an actual capri.  I seriously am in love with these pants and totally plan on purchasing more.", "These capris are so comfortable and they do not fall down at all! I had ordered a few from under armour, as well, and was very disappointed in them because The UA ones don't stay up longer than 2 minutes and I paid two times as much. Nike is where it's at and I'm sticking with them....performance over brand!", "You will see almost every runner at the gym wearing these! Hard to find at retail so its a great purchase online!", "This is our daughter's 2nd pair, and they fit the same as the first pair.  She loves them, and runs 4 miles or more every day.", "I love these capris. I've had a few pairs and I took a guess on the style. They were just what I wanted.", "Very slimming for a curvy girl. Comfortable, never rode up while at the gym. Great buy and will purchase more.", "These pants are really sheer and fall down while I'm running. Not my favorite pants. I expected more from Nike.", "It's like they knew the shape of my feet when they made these. I can't even imagine the sock wizards Nike must employ. Wait, are they spying on me?They're socks. If you're owned a sock before, then you know what these are like.", "these fit good stretch well, comfy and good price i shall buy some more when needed. thanks amazon for your help.", "it fits like a glove. i cannot give a bad comment on the product. but the it is three pairs not three packs...", "These socks are probably the best socks I have ever purchased...they fit nice and tight and form to your fit superbly. Even when they are wet they still feel good which is perfect since I use them to play in soccer.", "This is a cheaply made sock. I'd say they are no better than the average sock purchased in a discount, big-box store. There is NO additional cushion. As socks go, they're average, but the description and price implies a quality, better than average item, which this is not. At a cheaper price (maybe $6.00) they'd be fine if you don't care too much about your sock quality.", "they are very comfortable and they fit well. Thank you to Nike, Amazon, and of course the one and only god himself", "Good comfortable socks decent price an very great quality", "the socks arrived as stated when ordered; they were a gift and the receiver of gift appeared to be satisfied", "Just as described! Product fits comfortably, and they are a reasonable price. I would recommend this product to all others!", "~These are the best socks I have ever purchased and they are now the only socks my son will wear,I even &#34;borrow&#34; a pair when it is cold outside because of the length of the sock.I am shorter and smaller in the calf area than him and they fit me just below the knee.They stay up with no needing to keep pulling on them throughout the day.Plus they do keep my legs warm.He loves them and I am a big fan too.I will never purchase another brand of sock for him ever again~", "I know when you look for socks you are looking for price and quality. These socks rock for the price and the quality is even better", "Hard to find XL socks in the store so ordered on line and they fit great and so far the quality is good.", "This wind breaker fits good and does it's job well. It definitely repels the water and wind. Then vents on the sides are nice to keep you cool, but they can make your back and shoulders pretty cool on colder days. Not much warmth..I ordered this thinking it was a &#34;jacket&#34; as advertised. It's definitely NOT A JACKET, just a windbreaker. As a windbreaker, and rain/fog repellent..it works great. There's absolutely no liner or anything to keep you warm, so just keep that in mind if you're looking for a jacket. Basic nylon shell, really nice to have the reflectors on the arms.", "Why run around in stupid, baggy basketball shorts when you can wear these trim, good looking running shorts?  They feel great, perform nicely, and show off my gorgeous gams.", "A piece of cheap plastic, Looks like a jacket from the mid 80's, if you even want to call it a jacket.No lining, nothing. Transparent...", "Nice and comfortable shorts. Look just like described and feel good as well.  No complaints on fit good buy nike", "My girlfriend loved the fit of these socks and the style. Durability is good for the price, and everyone loves wearing anything with a nike logo, right? ;)", "THE QUALITY IS NOT THE BEST AT ALL, THE WHITE ONE HAS A HOLE IN IT ALREADY AND I JUST WORE IT ONCE. FOR A NIKE PRODUCT I WAS DISAPPOINTED. ONE SIZE FIT ALL IS NOT A TRUE STATEMENT, THEY ALSO KEEP SLIDING OFF MY HEELS. I WEAR A SIZE 10.", "The back has no design - is just white; no special marking there - would look nicer with color in the back also.", "No inner bikini short - you have to wear underwear with these; not very convenient for tennis or any sport for that matter.", "This fits great. I got a small and it is not to tight and not to big. Nike is my favorite brand and I will buy them in different colors when I get the money.", "Great product for working out. Great material for working out in as well. Nike always seems to get it right", "The best tights for working out- keeps everything in its place and super durable. Lasts through heavy wear and tear. Highly recommend!", "Arrived on time and in good packaging. It fit wonderfully and perfect. Have worn it multiple time and it's still practically brand new!", "The shirt might work for some people. By the description, I thought it was a vented compression shirt and it is not. It was not even close to being a compression shirt and I had to return it. I did so, and talked with a sales rep who had essentially no clue about their products at all and what I should order to replace it. Also the package came with a coupon for a percent off a future order, however when I went to use it, every item that I asked about the coupon was no good. Not sure what the point of including it was if it couldn't be used and I spent a lot of time on the phone with them trying to find something that it could be used for.", "Fast shipping, exactly what i wanted.", "I bought a bunch of the first generation shirts of this series from a discount clothing store, and they impressed me enough that when I saw an offering for a new model that I grabbed one right away. It's very good for wearing at night for running, but also comes in handy during the day if you happen to work in a job that requires Hi-Vis. Very comfortable.", "This compression shirt is excellent all around. It feels a bit tight when you first put it on but then it works great. It feels like a second skin that keeps your body tight and makes you look good under any dress shirt or other clothes. It also breaths and wicks sweat away and keep your dress shirts clean.", "the picture of the person wearing this looks like a child.  Not an adult, so we purchased it for our son.  Come to find out, it was an adult medium, not a child.  Very confusing.  If they are going to have such a confusing picture, then the sizes need to be called out as Adult or child.", "good item and goog quality. good for weight training.  very convinient for workout.  it worth buying. nice goods and good", "Great color! Fits great and keeps me as cool as possible, I work in Attics year round in Houston. Every little edge helps. I prefer these nike combat shirts because of the gut cut around my stomach... It fits me better than under armor.", "They were not black they were blue! For the price they shouldn't of ripped already !!!!!! Not happy  at all", "These arrived quickly and exactly as described. I love these compression shorts and now find it difficult to work out without them.", "I wear these when I work out, run or do jiu jitsu. They are exactly what I was looking for!", "IT LOOKS GREAT......EVEN FEELS GOOD, BUT IT IS SO FLIMSY. I GOT IT FOR USING IT AS A CYCLING SHORT......I HOPE IT WILL LAST SOME MONTHS.......", "Good product, as expected from Nike.  So light you hardly feel it but its great on hot days.  Not as noticeably tight as UA compression wear.  Nice styling and no-feel seams.  If I could change anything, I'd make them an inch longer.  Nike's 9&#34; shorts appear to be an inch shorter than UA's 9&#34; compression shorts.  Other than that, the only deciding factors when shopping is price, availability, and color if that matters.", "I've tried other brands but none have the support and long term lasting power after many trips through the washer and dryer.", "this thing didnt last.. the waistband disintegrated within days. made in mexico ?! come on mannn. i got better luck with jockey brand !", "as the heading says.... SUPER COMFORT definitely the most comfortable I have worn.  Replaced all of my Name brand Boxer briefs", "Like the length...but fit slightly smaller than the shorter ones.  They seem to work good but just a tighter fit.", "Is not the most comfortable short ever, and is somehow smaller than expected, but it does its works well and prevents chaffing nicely.", "These shorts fit very well and give excellent support.I have several pairs and definitely recommend them for the serious athlete.", "Can't expect more from them ... Great for my weightlifting sessions !!! They help the bar to spin over my quads easily!", "Bought these for my grandson.....PERFECT........the fit was just right...he loves them under his basketball uniform.  Soft material and really likes the fit.", "I wear these for soccer and they are the perfect fit and length. Definitely recommend these. They are very comfortable, too.", "Im 6'2 235&#8230;.these are a little small on me. For anyone my size i would recommend an XL for sure.", "If you are a large buy an extra large.. They are way to tight. I found them to be very uncomfortable. I like the nike pro's better then the pro combat.", "Just what I expected. I have wanted to purchase this item for a while but was hesitant about purchasing on line. It met my expectations", "Didnt like that much. It wasnt what i expected from a nike product,disapointed. It wasnt what a nike product should look like.", "I HAVE FOUR OTHER PAIRS OF NIKE COMBATS. THIS WAS A DIFFERENT ITEM  THAN I PREVIOUSLY PURCHASED.IT HAS A THINNER WAIST BAND THAN THE PREVIOUS MODELS, AND CONSEQUENTLY IT ROLLS UP AND WILL NOT STAY IN PLACE,  FLAT.EVEN WHEN I PUT ON PANTS AND PLACE THE WAIST BANDS TOGETHER, ONE OVER THE OTHER, IT ROLLS UP.POOR DESIGN AND SACRIFCE OF QUALITY FOR A BRAND LIKE NIKE.", "Although I do love Nike brand for its obvious appeal and style...even considering some of the less desirable outsourcing traits the company has I still continue to buy their products because I like them. I do have to say I am disappointed with the overall fit and quality of this product though. I order medium whenever I get compression shorts... I have 4 Under Armour ones and this Nike one. I have 0 complaints about the UA products however I received the Nike last so I had worn all my UA ones prior for  about 3 weeks of strenuous daily exercise prior to wearing the Nike's. The fit is definitely not a medium more like a smeedium and it hugs too tight IN like pushing in the crotch and just on the cuff near the knee's which completely sucks when your moving all around and sweating. Also the material while intended to be &#34;lightweight&#34; just seems cheap, they are basically see through even the black pair and the tightness coupled with the material popped a string from the seam with minimal stretching while removing them post workout.I am not an idiot I am not rough with my clothing especially not 40$ underwear and I am in pretty good shape too so its not like I ripped it on accident or purpose they just arent that great of quality.The product itself in the next size up would probably be pretty good, however due to the straight up cheap seeming material this product gets 3 stars, and is definitely not worth the extra 10$ over an Under Armour product. No I am not a marketer I have plenty more Nike apparel than UA anyways...I will be buying 1 or two more pairs of this in red/black and green/black in the larger size so if you have the money to spend and your an athlete I still recommend this product just be gentle and make sure to get a size up. However, I will say the material IS borderline offensive and if it gets any &#34;cheaper&#34; I will not be buying Nike for awhile.", "This is a great addition to my workout wear. Will add a splash of color under my work out shorts.", "This was exactly what I was looking for. If you want good compression shorts, these are the ones. Good buy, worth the money.", "Much thinner fabric, seem shorter and cheaper quality compared to earlier versions of these...for some reason they seem to have lessened the quality.", "I really love the color and how it fits to my feet. However, you might feel a little bit hurt if you play soccer with this, because it feels like you're wearing nothing. It does increase your running speed though! Also, at the rate of playing soccer every week, this shoes won't last for more than 3 months!", "Shoe very beautiful and good quality, I hope that my son has a good performance and make a lot of goals for better satisfaction.", "We take daily walks and a new pair of shoes, which my daughter needed, are always hard to break in, or so I thought. My daughter loves these shoes. She had no problems with them, they fit as expected and she was, for the first time ever, excited to wear the same new shoes the next day for our walk. Thank you.", "These are fantastic and appear to be all the rage for the boys to be wearing.  They were exactly as represented and I have a hard time getting him to take them off on the weekends.", "Comfortable, fit to size. Very nice quality, kinda expensive for b-ball shorts. Wanted more color options. All were out of stock", "Very comfortable and lightweight.  The Dri-Fit material used in these shorts works better than I originally was expecting.  I will be buying more.", "Aerodynamic, flexible, resistant, stylish. Good for the price and for physical activity like cycling, running, gym, crossfit. Rest the eyes and protect from sun", "Does anymore know if these are fake or real if you can get back to me that would be great", "I have received the item on time.The product itself is very good, love it.But when I got it I feel that it was used before since inside the nike box one of the plastic cover is missing.", "Told my wife..No problem maybe Santa will bring you this jacket? After watching the fab 5 bring home the Gold.  450 bucks is out of the park..:-( was thinking 150-200 tops...Poor wife...Love the Jacket..", "I also watched to Fab Five and really liked the jackets.  Can't afford this!  I would like to support Team USA with official Olympic wear, but looks like I will be shopping the knock-offs from China instead.", "quality is acceptable, but it's too small. space enough only 4, maybe 5 cards. if you want thin wallet it may will suit.", "This is not pebble grain leather, it is fine grain. It is quality leather, but not pebble as I was looking for.It is extremely tight. It barely fit cards in, but over time it should stretch.It is pretty thick. It was acceptably thick until i a few bills in, then it just became absurdly thick for such a thin wallet.for its low price, its a nice wallet if you barely keep anything in it. If you want a thin wallet with lots of stuff in it, look elsewhere.", "bought this as a gift for my bf....he loooves it, and so do i. very true to the picture shown", "The perfect hoodie. It fit great and kept me cozy and warm at the game.  I recommend it for all", "This backpack is a great backpack.  High school kid using it and it is exactly like one used last two years but a lot cheaper in price buying online.  Very quick turn a round time and very happy with the backpack.", "This big is a beautiful color, it's spacious, it's perfect for high school (or middle school). Absolutely recommend and love!", "I have a 34 inch waist and wear Lg sports clothing , shirts ect&#8230;. This vest is nothing special for the price and much to loose fitting at the waist. Perhaps better for 38 inch plus. disappointed", "Great product. Very well made and sturdy. Fit very well too. Would recommend this to any sports fan. Great price too.", "The product arrived promptly and was as described in the ad. The sweatshirt material is warm and the colors are perfect for Giants fans!", "COMPLACIDA, ERA LO QUE ESPERABA ARTICULO DE BUENA CALIDAD, ENTREGA A TIEMPO, NO TENGO QUEJA ALGUNA AL RESPECTO, LA TELA BIEN", "nice design, quality and price, as a gift to my father is prety amazing, he loved it, to excerside or relax at home, nice one", "For a slim tall 15 yr old where adult s or xs is still too loose. Concern was the length of arm length but the arm length fit of this shirt is good.", "I ordered it because I wanted a Nike thermal shirt for my 11-year-old son.  Maybe it's supposed to be so tight, but it was too small & he won't wear it.", "nice shoes,beautiful colour ,comfortable, ship fast, just the size is a little bit smaller then other brand, you can choose 0.5 size more.", "The photo does not match the product, is it a shoe or a shirt?The photo does not match the product, is it a shoe or a shirt?The photo does not match the product, is it a shoe or a shirt?The photo does not match the product, is it a shoe or a shirt?", "fit tight for size, also pricey, they are just okay, probably wouldnt purchase again though.  not very comfortable, oh well", "i love this one. It is the best I have ever had. this is a true customer service. Keep up your honesty. I and my family love the Tracksuit.", "Jacket is lightwight and perfect for using on a day hike, packs away easily into a daypack and fits well.", "Being a senior citizen gym rat, I have a fondness for UnderArmour, Nike, and Adidas workout clothes because of their reliable quality and durability.  I needed a black warmup jacket to wear going to and from the gym.  This jacket fit the bill 100%.  It is very well made (like all Nike clothing in my experience) and fit me perfectly.  The elastic waistband and cuffs are also to my liking.  The material weight is perfect for all but the coldest days here in Virginia.  I recommend this jacket without reservation.", "This track suit is EUROPEAN sized.  teeny tiny. (I have to write 12 more words but nothing else to say)", "These shorts are very comfortable to run in. I love the color. I have tried other off brand running shorts but end up spending extra on Nike shorts because they consistently fit better with less rubbing issues and better fit then other brands!", "This was a little big in size. My son wears it without any problems.  I may consider ordering this again.", "Ordered and recieved very fast with nice packaging. Great socks fit well and color is true. Thanks for the product!!", "Now,this item is great for ones feet.When i say this,i am talking about comfortable fit,style,outstanding for sports in wearing shorts.my nephew is enjoying this item,the pack came in all the colors of the school he attends,and boy is he showing this item off.He is requesting another pack and he is going to get it,but i don't like the fact that he is sharing them with his younger siblings who arecarless,although the socks remain clean and not bleached up like the other socks they have.Could it be that the sock are name brand and that nike is the ____! Teenagers,go figure.", "love them, they feel great when I put them on... specially good since they are made in USA and not china!", "I have these socks in both the longer and shorter styles. These have become my favorite socks due to the sizing options and being designed for individual (R & L) feet. Buy a pair and try them today!", "I really like these socks.  I like the fact that they have different colors (I especially like the blue), I like the fact that the feet are labelled on them, and the fit is good.  The fit is somewhat tight, but I just don't try to pull them all the way up my leg, just let them be kind of loose pulled up half way or so.  They are quite comfortable worn that way.", "VERY SATISFIED! These socks are very very durable! I use them every week when I go to the gym. And, they haven't faded much despite using and washing them every week for over a year. I highly recommend these socks.", "I like the texture and the look but these socks are alot longer that they look in the picture. Maybe its because im short but these socks go all the way up to my knees. I was expecting them to be shorter", "Although I would like a little more cushioning the real test will be how long they wear. Gold Toe only last about a year. Iron Man socks seem to last forever. I did think it was funny how they are labeled L and R so you can be sure to advertise the Nike swish.", "Purchased for football player.  They fit well, stay up and wash well.  Color has stayed true after multiple washings.  Definitely would recommend these for a boy who plays sports.", "Too tight, not what I expected. Size was right, there was no cushioning on bottom of sock. They felt like post surgery socks.", "Fit very good. Smooth in toe are - great for diabetic. Love the L & R on each sock for left and right. They really are constructed differently for each foot.", "Awesome cushioned socks specifically designed for each foot - clearly marked with an L and R.  Worth the money. Makes you want to toss all your old socks!", "I urchased this product specifically because I was trying to buy gifts that were made in USA. when i got this it had a price tag of $16 ( i paid 22) and the label says Made in Pakistan... LAME, also possibly illegal?", "Thin but not too thin, just right. I use it with my Nike sneakers as well as my boot. I like that it is different color and it has a L and a R label, so it's easier to pair them back up after I wash them.", "How many times do I need to review a product.  I previously reviewed this product about a week or so ago.", "Too small for my husband but work great for my son!  So next time I'd buy the XL for my husband.  :)", "I ask to send them to my hotel as did with the other orders but this one didn't received.I think the product should be fine, but the service just not.I'm use this site to buy b ecause it has certifications and warranty but this time fails, and made me think to not buy again.Also I did't received a credit back or nothing.", "I ordered these because they said \"made in USA\".  They were not.  In fact there was a sticker on the packaging stating the country of origin, as if they changed, Pakistan or Vietnam or somewhere.OK socks but NOT us made.", "Nike goes to extremes with their socks, to make them appear well designed and full of quality, but I find them extremely uncomfortable.  If you have the slightest worry about wearing socks that are too tight, then you'll want to stay far away from these and stick with Gold Toe, Adidas or some other good brand.  The sock openings are so small you can barely get them on, and after you do, they act as a compression sock around your foot and ankles (note that I don't simply mean that they're articulated, but that they actually tightly squeeze you.)The L/R foot designations seems neat, but I'm not sure that there's actually any difference, or that it would be worth it if there was.  It mostly serves to add another step in putting them on, if you actually put them on the right foot, which I doubt most people even bother doing.My only reason for giving these 2 stars is because Nike does seem to put forth some effort in designing them, but I find that Gold Toe makes far better socks.  If all you want is a sock with a Nike swoosh, then these are for you.  But, if you actually want a good sock that's comfortable, then I'd stick with Gold Toe, Adidas or some other brand, because these are definitely not comfortable.", "Bought these for my boyfriend for Christmas and he absolutely loves them... He goes jogging and wears those since they have extra cushioning in certain places... He just loves them,and me for buying them...!", "I ordered and have enjoyed the wear of these socks.  They are so very comfortable and soothing to the feet.", "Another great looking, fitting product by Nike.My son loves this pack of colors (matches his school colors) and wears them constantly!No fading or bleeding of colors that I noticed in the first few washes as usually happens with red and black.Will buy again (actually- did buy more already!)", "This was a gift for my Mom who is a senior and wanted red sox. Great product, very cushy and great color!", "I got these to work out in and they are a lot thicker than I had thought they would be so I usually just wear them around the house. I wear a size 11 shoe and these socks and a little bit bigger than I like but I still wear them. Good product.", "Says right on the label &#34;made in Pakistan&#34;. Change your description Amazon- a big reason I purchased these was that I thought they were made in USA.", "I am running with this backpack for more than 3 months now twice a day almost everyday (for 5-9 miles each run).Comparing to smaller backpacks I used to run before with first this one feels pretty stiff mostly because of its bigger back side. But as I said it is comfortable and I don't have that complain anymore.I can easely fit change of clothes into it (jeans, tshort, socks, shoes, ...) plus couple of sandwiches or salad in lunch box.Backpack has wallet on one of straps which perfectly fits my \"sport wallet\" (Chums Surfshort) and raincover in small pocket.The only minus is you can put too much in the backpack :)It doesn't have anything to hold water or water bottles btw.I definitely would recommend this one if you need something to carry a lot of things on your run and your run is no longer than 10 miles.", "Just beautiful! It was a gift and my friend was thrilled when she opened it! Moisture wicking and cool design!", "My husband hates to buy his own socks, but this time he regretted me buying them!  Shoddy quality and way too small for his size 12 feet!  Perhaps if I had ordered up to the next size the choice would have been more satisfactory, but I doubt it.  I would not recommend these socks to anyone.", "These are very generic socks and are by no means a dry fit or sports sock.  They are fairly low quality but do at least have an elastic gripping feel to the fabric.  They are medium thickness which makes them alright for athletics but a little hot otherwise for warmer weather.", "I am very happy with these socks. The fit the foot snugly and being thicker (just what I was looking for) than standard dress socks so are very comfortable. They are not super thick like hiking socks so won't stretch your shoes. Been through the wash about a dozen times and have stood up well. Good quality, in my opinion. I will be buying more.", "I love this product, so did my son.  It is soft on the inside so that makes it even better for him.", "I bought this hoodie for my 8 1/2 year old son. He is able to wear it dressy casual with khaki pants, or for a sporty look, he can wear it with a pair of navy blue Nike wind pants. He seems to pull this out of his closet to wear at least once a week. The material is a lightweight cotton material. The background color is a light tan and the orange is more of a burnt orange. This seemed to be a popular hoodie because we initially bought it at JCPenney and needed to return it because the one we got had an ink stain on it that I didn't notice at the time we purchased it. When we went back a couple of days later, it was completely sold out. My son was bummed because he really liked it. I did an Amazon search and found it here, but there was only one left in the size that we needed. I jumped on it. The price was similar to JCPenney. When I had returned the initial hoodie to JCPenney, another customer at the counter saw it and wanted to purchase one for her grandson. Wish Nike would make more of this style in different patterns and colors because we would definately purchase them for the versatility. I really like Nike brand clothes because of the quality. My son generally outgrows Nike brand products before they wear out. Nike does cost a little more, but for the quality, I don't mind paying extra. I gave it 4 stars, instead of 5 because it did shrink slightly, but the material is cotton.", "regular quality, does not seem original... I am medium in Nike, but this is very small (I doubt that it is original) Order a bigger size", "the greatest cycler that ever competed in the sport. The item came on time, a little tighter than what i thought but i love them , very good service from the vendor! thank you.", "They ripped the second time he put them on. He is a runner and wears this type of short  all the time.", "Good packaging. Tight fit but such a good feel when jogging. Use it under normal short joggers.  High quality and light. Will by more of these as its livestrong but by Nike.", "I didn't like this product because is too big for me. It didnt fit me well, It wasn`t as I expected: Thank you for considering my opinion.", "I bought the Nike CTR360 Enganche III FG-R Junior soccer cleats about two years ago.  Ever since then I've been a much better soccer player!  In my last soccer cleats ( The Muitre brand ) I could not even kick the ball!  Let me explain.  The Nike cleats have-- Good grip at the bottom- Point at the toe- They are thin- Good laces that stay tightAnd so much more!Another good quality they have is that they last a long time.  I've already had mine for two years and they still look as good as new!  I know the price seems high. But even though they are expensive, they are worth it!  They last a long time!Overall I think the Nike CTR360 Enganche III FG-R Junior soccer cleats are the best cleats of all!", "This item was on my grandson's Christmas gift list and I had a difficult time locating the 3/4 length he uses for soccer goalie training.  This is exactly what he wanted and they fit perfectly.", "Great pants for gk. Don't have pockets. However, it is better to order them one size smaller, because the pants are really large for being 3/4.", "These don't get in the way of my ski boots and provide extra warmth for downhill skiing.  They are sweatpants after all, so not much to gush about, but they work fine.", "Great dress, but too short for me to wear as a dress. Would be perfect as a beach cover up.", "These had a weird stitching in the front, very small for a large, and seemed like they were from the 70's or something.", "These baby Jordan booties are perfect for a newborn and are exactly what I was looking for.  These booties go with any outfit.", "This front tip start worn out almost after wearing them for a few days. Since Nike use paint to make the darker pattern at the front and side, once it worn, it shows the underneath original color which is a lot lighter. The worn marks are super obvious. Within a few weeks of wear, the sole already gone 50% ( i wear them for playing tennis sometimes but it still shouldn't worn out so quick). All and all the shoe looks good and comfortable but it is too cheaply made and worn out way way too quickly.", "nice and very good so that i dont find any problem with it gentle and comfrort not big and not small", "Very nice shoesfit as expected and very comfortabletheir color is very unusual but when you watch them is incredible", "super cute. Bought three of these for my girls for soccer season. They have used them for every practice and game. Light weight and plenty of room for shin guards, cleats, ball , water and sweatshirt and more!", "Fit perfectly", "Size runs small. had to remove the padded sole, now they fit comfortably. Would suggest ordering a half size larger for comfort.", "I really like the Nike Dri-fit socks and have bought them in the store in the past.  Though, what I got was not exactly like the picture.  There is a little sock tab at the back of the sock that some people like, to help pull the sock up.  The ones in the picture do not show this tab, it just shows it the same length all around the ankle.  Not really worth returning but might be a deciding factor for some people.", "Bought these as a gift for the family athlete and she loves them.Will be buying more for her as she needs them.", "Perfecto, todo de acuerdo a lo publicitado, cumpli&oacute; con mis expectativas. Es c&oacute;modo abrigado y elegante  y la calidad Nike habitual.", "Shirt fitted well, looked better than I thought, and it felt great. Nike knows what they're doing. If I could; I would get it in all colors.", "This Tracksuit is great for those days you need to go out and about, but don't want to be comfortable. May want to order up a size cause it does fit a little tight.", "I bought these as a gift for my daughter.  She loved how soft and comfortable they were.  I hink she will get a lot of use out of this outfit.", "You know, these Nike frames are the best frames ever! I've been wearing them for a couple of months now. So light, and fit perfectly ... they hug your head right above your ears, which is a different experience for me than my last pair (Armani frames), but not tightly so that you feel like you notice it. You bend over to look down, and they stay on your head! I love it!! I do a lot of work on my computer, and so I am frequently looking down at other documents and such, so to not have to constantly be pushing my glasses back in their proper position on my face when I am looking up and back at my screen is like a miracle to me!In several different descriptions of these frames elsewhere on the web they have indicated these are men's frames, but I a woman and think that they are definitely unisex frames. I get compliments on them all the time (everyone from my friends to my doctor, lol) especially in that they are rimless glasses, have that hint of blue color, and well, just look cool. :)The midnight fog is the color I chose, and the blue color is subtle but yet enough to show and give them a pop of color. I also have the Transitions Lenses, so I love the fact that I can read outside now without an additional set of sunglasses/changing them up. All in all, these frames are perfect and I'm so happy to have them. I love my Nike frames!!", "am so happy whith this product i recomended 100% high quality and very nice very confort excelent say no more", "All my work out wear has to be Dri Fit. I work out long and hard and this tank is perfect", "Nice fit and I have DD's which I find it very hard to find sport bras that fit properly and won't ride up.", "This was the second track suit I bought through this company.  The first one was a medium, and was too small.  The second one I ordered was a large and I got an extra large in the mail by mistake.  This company is in England, so each order took over a week to get.  By the second mess up, I was not interested in ordering a third time.  The quality of the suits was great though!", "BOTH NIKE TRACK PANTS WERE NOT TRUE TO SIZE,BLK/FUCHSIA AND NAVY/ORANGE WERE CUT LOW RISE,SLIGHTLY SLIM LEGGED AND  ALSO THEY RAN SHORT IN LENGTH. I HAVE MANY NIKE BRAND CLOTHING AND HAVE ALWAYS WORN A SZ. M,THESE WERE NOT A TRUE NIKE MEDIUM THAT I'M ACCUSTOMED TO. I ENDED UP GIVING THEM TO A FRIEND WHO IS SMALLER THAN I, INSTEAD OF GOING TO THE TROUBLE OF SENDING THEM BACK TO THE SELLER. I WILL NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER AGAIN.", "The product was a medium, but fit more like a small.  The pants were nice quality, but had to give them away to a friend because returning them cost almost as much as the purchase price.", "i havent tried it so i wouldn't know how it would look or feel.i bought it as a christmas present", "I had Tailwind 12 come with a max speed tint lenses, but it gets too dark if i run in shades.Max Vis is best for trailrunning IMO, it enhanced the contrast of the view, and will not gets too dark in the shades.Although Max Speed is better under strong sunlights, but it is not very practical to swap lenses or sunglasses when running, but I will still use it on road races.", "I ordered the medium size. What I received was labeked \"M\", but was, instead, Large. I returned the item at my expense and was reimbursed for the price and for only one shipping, not for  the return shipping. Ah, well. As the ancient Romans would say, \"Caveat emptor\".", "This was exactly as advertized.  A great track suit in a pleasing color combination. Very comfortable for lounging or warming up.", "Way too big for my face. They need a women's/ small size. I had to return them. Otherwise very nice!", "Maybe this is why I have to buy socks again... maybe I'm too rough on them. I like the design and they are comfortable but they seem to be showing signs of wear after 2 months.", "What can you say about socks?  They are comfortable, and appear to be good quality.  A nice summer pair of socks.", "Good snug fit, not too thin as they have some cushion to them.  I am a little picky with socks, these seem well made and haven't stretched easily.  Cushion and breath", "It is hard to find perfect man's socks in the store. Usually its 100% from synthetic materials. This socks have perfect blend with cotton and good for running and daily wear.", "My son said they fit great and are good for keeping your feet dry in hot weather.", "These shoes are lasting abuse from my son and he's just about to grow out of them. Nice price for the lifespan they have in my house.", "These were my son's first pair of shoes with shoes strings.  He's been doing velcro and pretied shoes long enough.  My son has normal width feet...yet, this shoe appears to be for a child that has narrow feet.  These shoes are showing wear.  Great Price!!", "Excellent product.What I expected in terms of design, size and color. I really liked.I have no recommendation for improvement.", "Delivery very fast. The product is perfect. The price was very good. My son use everyday to play soccer and it's very durable.", "These shoes were super cute and worked really well on an indoror soccer arena surface for my 7 year old.", "This top fits great without being too tight or too long for petite people. It's perfect for running in the winter.", "I bought this shirt for my husband for his birthday and he absolutely loved it. He's owned every dry fit shirt around and says this is probably the nicest golf shirt he has. Fits true to size. The collar and sleeve detail is cut out. I thought they were just darker blue squares but its fine. It doesn't make it look weird. It fills in up against the shirt. Good buy - I plan to buy him another one.", "This wool running hoodie is wonderful. I love the color and the snap on buttons that you can button all the way for a turtleneck type feel or open it up if you get hot. The color is great also. Don't dry it though it will shrink.", "Nice well made Nike shirt, the soft hands really come in handy when it is frigid out there.  A staple in my cold weather runner wardrobe!", "It's a great wallet best I have ever had I will be ordering more products for sure the size is real compact works great", "Wallet is very cheaply made, NO Passkey slots as stated and will not wear very long. Very dispossable.an in my opinion not up to Amazon standards.", "Very well constructed. I have it used it on windy and rainy days. Kept the wind and rain out keeping me warm and dry. Has built in full hand covers and half hand covers. Does fit snug.", "This is a product review. I got the black large jacket even though I typically wear XL tops because I planned on this being used as an under-layer and I do exactly that. It is a tight fit, but doesn't restrict movement in my shoulders like I feared it may when I ride my bike to work early in the morning when it is typically around 30 degrees this time of year. I haven't gotten the opportunity to test it's water resistance, but it has been very wind resistant. It isn't very long so if you like to tuck your layers in, make sure you have something longer, but in terms of warmth this compensates for a much larger thicker jacket. It's very attractive and also doesn't make it seem like you have a large stomach like some other similar products. It is relatively form fitting. Recommended.", "This is my favorite running jacket. Bar none. Slotted thumb holes and extra material to keep my hands warm. Top of the line material to dry fast and keep me comfortable and great in the cold.I wear this in temps down to 40. Add an additional long sleeve layer under it below there and I'm never cold.I also wear this when not running because its comfortable.", "The jacket was the right size an color but it has 3 big holes in the shoulder side, I am going to return it back to the seller.", "I purchased this hoodie, for my Granddaughter.  The color pink, which I ordered, is true to the picture.  It is soft, well made and my Granddaughter loves it.  It has not been washed yet, so I do not know for sure, but from the quality of the material, I would say it will hold up well.  On the color changing, I do not know.", "I bought this for my son. It fits well and suited the current style, weight, and versatility was perfect for him.", "It takes too long to arrive but the good thing is that it is unique, I have not seen anyone with a bag like this. and the material is very good and tough. I love all the compartments that have", "As long as my son is happy I'm happy.It looks bigger in the picture.My son is 16 300lbs 6'2'' tall.", "I bought this for my husband and he loved the fit and color. I also received before estimated date too.", "Nike Element Thermal Half-Zip Long Sleeve Running Top - Large -got it for a xmas gift  they seem to like it", "I like it. The color is good it fits well. I also like the softness of the material. It is very comfortable to use.", "My son-in-law, an avid golfer, loves these shirts, and wore it the day after he received it...his good luck shirts.", "This was a shirt for an anniversary gift for my husband. It fits him perfectly and he loves his new shirt!", "Good fit rightNice quality.  Exactly what I was looking to buy for a bad golfer to look like a pro with a weekend with friends on av $126 course.", "Polo is wonderful.  I have bought several of these for my husband and they wash and wear very well.  These are the only polo's he will wear anymore.", "The feel of the material and the fit was not as good as I was expecting considering the price paid for it.", "I give this shirt 5 stars for a few reasons.  One being the absolutely beautiful blue color.  It is gorgeous and I think even more striking in person than pictured.  The fit is smack dab perfect.  It washes up beautifully and comes out of the dryer without wrinkles.  My husband loves that the fabric is light, breathes and therefore keeps him cool on the golf course.  Very nice indeed!  Highly recommended!", "Same fit as the dark blue one I ordered,  fits great, nice details, washes easily. No wrinkles, even if hang dried.", "Consistent Fit, Excellent Quality, Good Price, delivered timely.  Will buy again, in a different color of course.  Be confident in this purchase.", "Washes well..fits perfect, true to size no extra room. Great fabric for travelling. No ironing needed great color and bi ld white trim.", "The shirt is comfortable and fits as expected however the only complaint I have is that it is very sheer and shows the nipples. One will have to wear an undershirt with it which defeats the purpose of it keeping you cool. It's cheaper than all of the other colors so no even exchange.", "The shirt is very nice, light-weight well constructed and the seams give it the right amount of style and if your guy has nice abs it will be great. My hubby has a little tummy which raises the shirt :-)  Iif you have a lil tummy consider an XLT so it doesn't look short.", "I actually gave this away already because it fits a little snug. (But, at the time I was also a little bit stocky).This is for someone who is already fit and wants to show off some muscles.  Not good for hiding flab or a beer belly.That being said, the shirt is of a high quality make and workmanship.  If you were to purchase this shirt, you will be fine with the quality.", "The shirts fits very well and the material is very comfortable. Good to wear even on a hot humid day.", "Maybe this is Nike's way of telling me to lose a few pounds? Product quality is excellent, but the shirt is a little smaller than I had anticipated, enough so that I have to consciously 'suck in the gut' while walking around. Probably my mistake for not checking the sizing information carefully enough.", "I have purchased Nike clothing for many years and this is no different in quality and fit with the other products.  The best part is that my wife likes ease of care along with the fact that she said that you do have to look good on the golf course.", "these are so sweet love these shorts.", "No size listed on Amazon. A size 33 came in the box. One size too small for him. They were really cool. It is a shame.", "The Jacket was purchased for my 26 year old son and he loved it!  The shipping took almost 2 weeks longer then stated and since it was a birthday gift, it was a bummer to not have it on his birthday.", "I ordered this jacket for my runs in the morning as its nice and bright and very comfortable. I ordered an XL cause I usually wear layers when running. If you like a more fitted look I'd suggest and large. good material and quality and comfort. The seller was great and got the jacket really fast. I'd definitely order from them again :)", "They are sweet!", "Love these flip flops!!!", "This is by far the most comfortable flip flop EVER made!!!!! I had to buy 2 more pair, since it is my shoe of choice almost every day from May to Sept!!!!", "So perfect that I bought another pair for myself and my daughter!!! Comforatable and really protects the bottom of your feet.", "I got a green sleeved shirt instead of a black one!! please send me the black shirt i wanted. I will send back the green sleeve one.", "Not as reflective as I thought... I mean this was &#34;supposed&#34; to be the most reflective vest on the planet right? Nope it isn't.It also runs really small and made me really hot wearing it.  It might work if you use it on cool days only.  Styling is nice though.", "This vest gives you a cool space age look.  I actually wore this to a masquerade party and people kept taking pictures.  They were amazed at how my vest reflected back the light like a flash bulb.  I use my vest when cycling or running at night.  I feel much safer knowing that motorists can see me long before they pass me.  I have found the vest to be waterproof as well.Nike Flash Reversible Running Gilet", "fits to my glass .. Got the same model .. and i like the color.. Cool... friend like it ,, the color", "Love the packaging, the color and it was a fast turn-around from purchase to delivery.  Although I wish there were more color options I am glad I picked the blue and white.", "My son was thrilled with this jacket.  Its two tone with the back as dark grey.  Would be good to show backview since its so sharp looking.  Unsure why they said it wouldnt be delivered until the 26th since it came within two weeks of ordering it  ( by dec 10). Great gift for any 20 +year old.", "Need more items to sell on website.......thanks .I will be purchasing  the Gary & navy both in the size of large & med", "I love these socks. My little boy is 19 months and his cowboy boots were rubbing the inside of his calves, and it was hard to find little boys socks that go over the calf. They fit great and the quality is exellent.", "these socks are great, fit snug and are very comfortable  very soft cotton, however, wish more than 3 came in a pack.  I am always washing socks, and I bought 2 packs, but still need more.", "We have used Nike products for years but I have to say the quality of these socks is so lacking. Within one wear they are beaded up and look dingy. I have tried washing in different products and still the same. Not a product we will purchase again.", "Socks are good quality. My daughter says they are comfortable. Likes the much more than the adidas ones I also purchased.", "Wrong pair they support of been pink and white their was sent back for t he pink and white pairs", "They came quickly and even cuter than the picture! The colors are actually more vivid and bright and they came with the original box.", "Bought these as a baby gift for my sister. They are cute, durable and exactly what I expected. I will be ordering a few pair for my new baby when he/ she gets here.", "Fits a racquetball racquet inside.  Big side compartments.  Small, velcro sealing inner pocket that will hold a cell phone or the shoulder strap, if you aren't using it.  Quality construction.", "Well made, fits true to size and cool on the hottest days.", "Very comfortable and beautiful color", "Love the orange. Great summer color.", "Great fit and very flattering. The only drawback I can see is that it snags easily.  I was not expecting it to have a polyester feel.", "This was a Christmas gift for my son who plays alot of tennis and this watch is an excellent &#34;sports&#34; watch.  It actually looks better in person than online.  I was very pleased and so is he!  Would recommend highly.", "well constructed, light weight and easy to carry", "Nice..good price, well made umbrella.  Great for my golf bag. Looked at a lot of other umbrella before I picked this one.", "For the price you aren't going to find an umbrella this good.  The operating mechanism won't pinch your fingers like the umbrella that you presently own.  This doesn't have the fancy gust flaps on the sides, but my umbrella has been through a couple of significant thunderstorms and was more than fine.", "This umbrella replaced the earlier version of this same umbrella I bought 10 years ago when the handle unfortunately wore out.", "Love this use for soccer nice and big the color pink is just what like and wanted the size is perfect happy I got this.", "I was looking for a bright yellow umbrella and finally found it!  The sun will shine no matter how many raindrops are falling with this umbrella!", "it  is tough  against  the  wind.  big  enough  to  cover  myself  and  another  person.  love  it!  glad I  made  this  choice.", "Big umbrella, big enough for two people. Bright blue color makes it stand out, which can fit someone's style or make you stand out by drivers in a dark rainy day. Handle is from molded plastic and rubber so it won't peel like some painted on rubber handles. Comes with a sheath to make it more sleek for easier storage. The tip is made from plastic and flat so it can't apply hard, precise pressure on a floor or on a person. The umbrella's release mechanism has a button, which allows for a smoother opening of the umbrella. The umbrella has a small &#34;cup&#34; to hold all the spikes of the umbrella so the umbrella can't be opened accidentally. The spikes are made of metal so they are stronger than plastic spikes.", "Can't miss me on the golf course!!!  Matches many of my outfits as well.  Very impressively wind resistant. Bought both for the brand and it's functionality.", "I have the bought these in the past. They work great and look great on the golf course. I will buy again when more colors are available.", "Love these socks that let my son's feet breath.  They seem to b very durable and have held up well.", "This is one of the few 100% cotton jackets that are well made and heavy.", "I love love love my jacket. It fits me exactly how I like it to and it is so comfortable. Im so happy I found this jacket.", "I love Nike element half zips and this one did not disappoint! It is comfortable, fits nicely, and was a great price!", "The delivery was quick and painless. However the product itself looks nothing like the picture. What I received was multi-colored, not one solid color like the pictured, which was what I really wanted.", "The Nike Lacrosse sweatshirt is perfect! Came a day earlier than predicted & is high quality!  It is easy to clean & the sizing was as noted!", "I am a loyal Nike fan and typically wear a medium.  The mid-section was a bit tighter than I like, but the side panels have enough shirring that it doesn't look skin-tight. Perfect sleeve and body length. The dusty purple is a nice alternative to the current neon trend. This top is definitely for cooler weather-its thicker and has a nice fuzzy lining.", "I would have to say I'm pleased with the sunglasses. They're pretty expensive but they are namebrand Nikes so I guess that kind of goes with the territory. I use these for running and they do seem to keep the wind out of my eyes pretty well.", "My wife received the Skylon Ace sunglasses as a Christmas gift and she loves them.  Wears them everywhere: driving, running, beach.", "They are as good as advertised. Polarized lenses work great. Very comfortable and the vented nose piece is probably the best fit i have ever had on sunglasses. Lenses are interchangeable which is extremely useful if you scratch or break them. Only thing is in the item description it says black/black when in reality they are red/black, still looks great though.", "I bought these for my teenage son.  I guess it is all the rage is to layer Nike crew sock.  This sock gives the layered look without having to wear more then one pair.", "my husband loves these socks there are everything in a sock that he could have wanted WILL BUY MORE SOON!!!!", "I try to be minimalistic in my wallet and have &#34;sat&#34; on a wallet for 26 years before complaining to my wife I wanted a front pocket wallet. I have 3-4 &#34;cards&#34; in this wallet and the essentials (bank info, insurance cards, etc.). I would only give it 4 stars due to the lack of much space in the middle for cash or checks (maybe 5 bills folded in half max) but because I rarely carry cash it fits my needs perfectly. I wear this in my front jeans pocket or kakhi's at work in all different brands and it fits just fine. The cards can come loose a bit at times, but I've never had an issue with anything falling out yet. Great Christmas gift and +1 to the wife for helping my butt/back.", "it is everything it is billed to be.  Slim, light, lots of pockets for a small item and it looks good.", "Great small size wallet, folds into three compartments hold lots of cards and doesn't take up much space.  Soft and smooth texture.  Had to pay 11 to clear it at the post office.", "Ordered a tri- fold but received a Bi- fold, but that's ok, you get it right most of the time...", "I bought this wallet for my boyfriend he loves it! It is little small but it's still nice and  has a lot of space would buy it again.", "I was incredibly disappointed with these pants.  The fit is true, and they are comfortable, but they are very thin.  I might appreciate them more in the summer, but I bought them for coaching in a very blustery spring.  I have 2 other pair of Legends, one bootcut pants, and one bootcut capri.  I've had them for years, and with the exception of having to restitch a few times, I cannot wear them out.  They are fabulous.  When these arrived, I threw the package in my coaching bag and ran out the door.  When I opened them later that day, and put them on, I was confused as they are unlike my other Legends.  They are very thin and feel like knit cotton.  If I had another pair of pants with me, I would have sent these back.  They are not worth $60.  As it was, I was on my way to a game, and had no choice but to remove the tags and wear the pants.  If you're just looking for something comfy to lounge around in, I'm sure they will suit your purposes.  If you're looking for heavier duty work out clothes, keep looking.  I'll be heading to the mall later to find a pair of Legends like my other two.", "Great fit, great fabric, flattering fit. They wash well, also. I will definitely buy more of these. Worth the money.", "This is my 2nd pair. I originally bought from a competitor that was on sale. Went to purchase a second pair and they ran out. I was so happy that I could find a second pair. They are so comfortable to workout in. I do not like a snug fit so this was perfect. I usually wear a size 2-4 but do not have slim legs.", "Daughter loves. Good deal!", "Wish I could buy a few more pairs. Great shorts, very comfy and lots of pockets. You won't regret buying them.", "Great look awesome fit color red is eye popping u will stand out nice and warm perfect for fall what are u waiting for get one will not disappoint.", "My fault. They are too small", "These are great for the little guy in your world.  The wear and wash well.  Not to mention, don't show the dirt that little feet seem to find no matter how well you clean.", "these socks were to small for my child, but I passed on to my nephew and they fit perfect. Fast shipping", "These were a little small for size 13 but otherwise good quality, prompt delivery. No complaints.  Would order up a size if on the larger spectrum.", "Hat arrived turn to be exactly what I hoped for which is light. I've been running only for 2 years and one struggle is finding a hat to shade from sun. This hat fits exactly the way a running hat should be, very LIGHT. It also looks great for casual wear.", "Really good bag built tought with enough space to fit clothes for four different days. Bought this for that same reason, school trip made me dress bussines attire so picture about 4 pairs of slacks 5 shirts 5 undies 5 pairs of socks my trusty tooth brush my shampoo (large bottle cause i got long hair and don't care) a medium blanket it incae it got chilly (Guccie mane burrr), 3 pairs of shoes and 1 pair of shancletas, plus 2 basketball shorts in case i would have balled my roomate and stuff. Just letting you know its not huge thats it wont fit nice on your lap but big enough to hold your needs and carry around about 25 pounds in my opinion. Overall great bag.", "My Daughter loves these socks, she wears them all the time.  Purchased for golf, but she wears them everywhere.  Great deal too!", "Well made socks, but they still get &#34;eaten&#34; by my shoes.  My brother has some ankle socks (by Nike)  with a  right foot and left foot  that  are far less prone to slipping down into your shoes.  His socks seem to have some extra ribbing around the arch, but I can't find that kind!  Where are they???", "My grandson picked them out both for the color and the style.  He thinks they look very sharp with the design running up the back.", "I like the way it fits and it holds up in the wash. Seeing wear i am; it stands the laundry test", "i loved. is not only to be a nike product but the quality is very good, I like and recommend.", "XL is a little smaller than expected. I was debating between L and XL and glad I went with XL.", "This thing is awesome. Wear it to coach in. Wear it to workout/run in. Not meant to be a heavy keep you warm hoodie. It is what it is. Light weight easy to move in feels great. As soon as mine came in I immediately ordered 3 more in different colors.", "I was a little disappointed with this purchase only because I assumed it was going to be a &#34;heavier&#34; type of sweatshirt.  I wasn't expecting it to be so light weight, but the material is comfortable, loose fitting, and sizes seem to run appropriately.", "I bought this for my basketball playing nephew. He likes it and wears it to practice over his shorts and t-shirt. It is thin so be doesn't get overheated after practice. But should not be worn alone in the winter.", "It is too thin, I hate the pullover hoodie. It fits like a shirt. It is not made for winter.", "It is a workout/postworkout hoodie very thin and I love it, best post workout hoodie I have ever owned period.", "I thought this top would be thicker. It's really thin. It's alright, I guess. Thanks. Beeboop. Doodlt doo doo ding", "Baught this product thinking it looked like the picture. Not even close!!! its like a really thin long sleeve shirt with a hoodie! unless you want to be cold and just want to look like your wearing some type of a sweater don't buy!", "GREAT BUY! If you are looking to stay warm do not buy but great for working out and keeping you dry.", "This is a wonderful high quality shirt.  It did run much bigger than we expected though.  It is also a thin nylon type of material not a thick sweatshirt.", "It was a gift for my 16 year old grandson and after he opened he did not take it off. He said, &#34;It is my best gift ever&#34;.", "this has a nice feel, but Large size is very large and loose. Having a hood is niece for changing weather.", "This is an an excellent fit, very feminine, light, and most importantly keeps me dry during running and cross fit training. I have three in different colors.", "Bought two of these! They fit great. Plenty of pockets and the pockets are deep so you can run with your iPhone without it falling out or jiggling around too much. Great slim fit. Very flattering.", "Nice wallet.  Good quality and exactly as described.  My son wanted a different one, but we couldn't find it any more.  Bought this one and he loves it.", "Hello Good Morning is a great blouse with spandex Good quality, bellisima and color very cute, it's comfortable for exercise.", "I loved it. It fits me well. it is excellent for to do exercise!!!!: if you are skinning you can buy size Small.", "Fits well & I love it -- it's cute & bright! I purchased the orange ish colored one. Highly recommended, fits perfectly!", "It was a nice shirt, but I think it was a quiet large, I am usually small, but I should have bought an &#34;XS&#34; zise.I thought the chest protector was thicker the foam, but it is very light.The shirt looks pretty nice", "Easy to wear, beautiful. However the price is reasonable it dress good.  The deliver was on time.  It is a good product. I recommend.", "DO NOT BUY THESE FRAMES FROM NIKE...My son who is 11 now wanted some cool glasses for baseball, Being nike is known for sportswear you would think these glasses frames &#34; AT THIS PRICE&#34; would be tough......Think again, After two week of wearing them they broke or should I say the cheap plastic they used shattered on the first hit from a ball. The earpiece held up great but the frames just shattered. He has been wearing glasses since age 3 and he has never broken any of the other ones. The eye doctor will not cover these even after I paid 155 dollars just for the frames and was told they have a 2 year warranty. I will now change my eye doctor and never buy anything from NIKE again. Demand better stuff folks, its OUR hard earned money..", "This is my husbands second pair of these shoes and they are comfortable, easy to clean and the fit is exactly to size.  The shoes are casual enough to wear with jeans yet just dressy enough to wear to work with khakis! The shoes come in other colors too.", "This design is great for semi formal t-shirt, casual wear or for playing sports. It has style and comfort ... with advanced material.", "Quality material cool comfort. This shirt is as comfortable as they come. I would definitely recommend this shirt to anyone.", "Excellent wicking polo. Length is good, color great and has a sharp look.  Very cool to wear in the heat.", "Well made t-shirt. Perfect for my daughter who is crazy about gymnastics!!  It is an appreciated gift!!  She wears it often!!", "The  &#34;Nike&#34; Team Girl's USA Olympic Long Sleeve Shirt is NOT Nike as advertised. There is NO Nike swoosh or Nike tag or label to back up this claim. It is counterfeit! Extremely disappointed in the misrepresentation and unethical practice this seller portrays,", "I love this shirt.  It's cotton, very comfortable and fits nicely. The reverse pocket on the right side is a nice touch and a good place to store a small wallet, cash or other flat items securely.  My only issue is that it comes out of the wash pretty wrinkly and needs pressing if the very wrinkled look isn't your cup of tea.", "best shorts for golf or just going around town.they have a slight stretch to them to be worn comfortable. perfect length", "Nike quality comes through again.  These shorts are by far my favorite infant shorts for my grandson's regular use.  As a matter of fact I attempted to order two more pair for my grandson on amazon.com last night and they were out of stock.  These shorts have a lot of elastic in the waist and the legs are generously sized so you will get a lot of use out of these shorts !!", "Nice fitting sweater, but about 40% overpriced. The fabric is so-so and the dime-sized Nike swoosh on the sleeve is not worth the extra cost.", "Bueno como ustedes sabran la marca Nike , es la Nike , so aqui no ahi mucho que decir , ustedes sabran que cuando estan comprando algo Nike , estan comprando calidad y esta marca se merese 5 estrellas", "This is the best jumper i have ever bought. I just love this jumper. I will never regreat. I love the color.", "I was very pleasantly surprised when I received this shirt. The shirt is great quality and fits true to size.  I have other Nike shirts that I have ordered the next size up but this shirt does not run small.  You will not be disappointed with the quality of this shirt. The material is nice thick quality that you do not see through. It is very comfortably and has a relaxed fit. I really love the stitching along the shoulders and down the back.  This is a really nice shirt!", "I was looking for something that looked professional and would keep me comfortable while working as a LMT this was just right.", "Shirt is really nice and the size is appropriate. I bought a large and normally wear a size 12 or 14.", "Shirt fits well ,very true to size, and very cool in the heat. Price is much less than our work uniform supplier.", "Fit exactly as anticipated and it is not see-thru (I was worried with the white color).  Now if I wouldn't spill my food on the white shirt it would be perfect.  Good thing the fabric does not hold the stain & washes easily.  Wish there were more colors than just white & black as I would order more.", "Shirt fit well and was comfortable when I wore it on the golf course.  Style was good and did wisk the moisture away from my body.", "I have two similar shirts in pink.  I love them so much that I've nearly worn them out; so I started searching for similar hoodies.  Glad I found this one.  Quality and 100% cotton.", "The socks were they only sport socks I would buy until some one at Nike decided to put an elastic rib around the arch, just past the toe. The great thing about this new feature is that the sock will creep off of the foot and wad up into the toe of the shoe.", "will make a good gift. Doesnt close completely perfectly but not enough for the recipient to notice so it didn't matter", "Received this case with my prescription Nike sunglasses. I put them away after a long weekend just following when I picked them up. When I retrieved them, I found that case had lost all tension. The springs somehow came loose. The plastic ridges holding one of the springs broke and there way no way to fix it. Will be looking for another case.", "My husband loves his Nike prescription sunglasses. But the case is worthless. The problem is Nike has built the sunglasses so they will ONLY fit into this case. My husband has only had his glasses for a year, but this is the 3rd case I've ordered. He needs to be able to keep his glasses nice, so I keep ordering the cases. I just wish Nike would make a more durable case that doesn't crumble apart at the seams.", "Bought this hat for the outdoor poll. It stays on in the water and dries fast. The color is wicked cool.", "I bought these for my 14 year old grandson. They are the perfect colors for his high school Basketball team. He loves the colors, fit, and they are comfortable. I got tired of going from one store to another, and discovered Amazon. I'll shop again.", "Grandson's only wear these kind of socks. Made well and the fit is excellent . Colors are exactly as stated.", "delivered promptly met all expectations.  my grandson was thrilled.  he really thinks he can play basketball better with these socks", "They look great and fit very well.  My fashion-consious, athletic son wears them often.  I would definitely buy them again.", "I love this product .when I don't want toCaried a big purse this waist little bagCome handy ,....  The material is excellent", "Two weeks and already falling apart. Total waste of time and money. For the price expected better quality than this substandard material", "Almost all expectations requiered! Only the design was not aproved by my kids, above that, great product, very good price, Jordan brand most preferred by the people into the basketball world.Thanks.", "Perfect zise, colours and very comfy. If i could i would wear them every day. Just love them", "A good looking traditional track suit but it ran small for a Nike product.  The zipper is also on the &#34;wrong&#34; side so I'm wondering if it was made for the Asian market or something.", "GREAT TRACKSUIT !! BAD THINGS ,,AFTER ONE WASH ,,THE PANTS AND JACKET ATTRACT MANY LITTLE LINTS BALLS ,,,SPENT AN HR CLEAN IT ,,RECOMMENT DONT WASH IN MACHINE !!", "It is great to wear underneath other items of clothing.  The DryWick feature helps to keep you comfortable and warm.  Love it!", "Product is just as described - and even the pants were not too long as so many other track suits. thinking about buying another one in a different color.", "these socks are awesome! the color lasts, and they are great fit. i will totally recommend these sock, along with other elite socks.", "Purchased these for my son and when we received them they had a BIG Bright Hot Pink NIKE name on the other side.", "We got them for a friend gift, they size 0-6 but fits better when the baby is around 3 months old or around 12lbs +.", "finally, we were on a mission trying to find something similar in local stores and had no luck!thanks to amazon we found what we were looking for and are excited to put it on our baby girl", "absolutely love these, they are adorable and we have gotten so many compliments on how cute they are. definitely worth the money", "Great shoe but the size is at least 2 sizes too small.Make sure to order 1-2 sizes larger than you normally wear.It's a hassle to return them.", "Glad I found these sweat pants at a great price.  They are of great quality and fit just fine. I love the elastic bands on the legs!", "It is a warm piece of clothe, and very comfortable to make excercise and tu run with. Aditionally it fots very good!. Ideal for running in cold weather. Colors look really cool!", "I like it that it has a feminine cut and a good fabric. Cleans really easily and also dries very fast. All and all, if you need an extra workout shirt, please know that I as a user love it and hopefully it will be a good match for you also. It does run a bit big, but in time everything shrinks (except our bodies--lol", "I ordered this shirt for my daughter to run a relay marathon in and it is exactly what she wanted.  Very comfortable.", "Very good backpack size is ok and design is good recommended for all whether you're travellingor going to school or work", "I still wear underwear - I'm just that way- cotton all the way!They are great- I can't tell I have them one and they are comfy.  I have full motion and they wick moisture well", "I love these shorts. I've ran in them several times and at long distances.  No chafe going on at all. Love it!  I only gave them 4 stars instead of 5 as the pockets look a little bunched up when I run in them.", "Purchased this for my annual Hawaii trip of hiking and was perfect for the weather...  not to hot, not cold, and was great for the unexpected light showers.  It is true to size - I am 4'11 and weigh about 95 pounds; x-small fit perfect!", "I was hesitant to purchase these thinking they'd make my muffin top look like other shorts have lately, but I love the fit! Great length, my muffin top was kept in check, no rolls.  Great shorts & will order more! You will not be disappointed :)", "This purple color is awesome. The fit is right on. I've logged several runs in them with no complaints.  They are lightweight and comfortable.", "Now a day is so difficult to find clothing that is not over-design in the use of fabrics, so the swimming and sunbathing apparel, which is supposed to be small, so one can tan..... but then again here is Nike having us in mind and giving us a nice though and manufactured product.", "The Nike Rain Suit is a quality garment. The Jacket fit quite well, the pants were okay but a bit to long,  I may have to have them tailored.", "Awesome shirt, got it for a gift for my dad! He loves these Nike golf shirts, incredible fit and quality! Also seller was very prompt to answer a question of mine! Very nice!", "This fits well and allows for the easy wicking of perspiration.  It is also comfortable and the colors are vibrant.", "my daughter plays soccer and this was a good value. fit as expected, comfortable. value was my biggest issue because as a sports mom Nike Pro bra are expensive but worth the $, this is better than retail and last", "I really like Nike products. This sports bra is excellent quality. The ONLY reason I didn't give it 5-stars is because I have also discovered the Marika Sports Bra that has INDIVIDUAL moulded cups so NO MORE UNI-BOOB! I'm actually wearing that bra more now. :/", "Nike gear is normally pretty decent. I would consider these shorts average. They do have pockets- which is nice. So - the bad news. Within 24 hours of wearing these shorts- the hem on the left leg fell apart. The end result- the leg liner is separated from the outer shell fabric. Not cool. I basically have a $40 pair of PJ's now. I would return them- but I am deployed and do not want to wait another 3 weeks for new gym shorts.", "love these shorts, have several pairs. black, graphite, and the red. these are a little on the expensive side but they are def worth it.I am 6'2, 185, with a 32 waist. I ordered the large because I just like that fit better in the gym. I could have gone with the medium if I wanted the tight look, but the large are not to big at all, they dont fall down or bunch up, just offer a little extra room. these are also great at keeping you cool and dry at the gym. def recommend these over the Nike Dri Fit 2.0. I have both but these are my favs. Hope the info helped in sizing.", "Great product, fits perfectly in my back pocket.  Love the design and functionality of this product.  Couldn't have asked for a better product.", "I like this &#34;layout&#34;, with room for several credit cards, but the cards fit very tight. Almost too tight. Otherwise it's pretty good, nice leather.", "One of the pockets was cut wrong and made the card fit in crooked and wouldn't fit in the whole way.", "Got here sooner than expected. Fits perfectly, love to work out in it. Super cute. Love the retro look! Thanks!", "That is the worst display of a shirt every, is this an Onion article, ahahhaha!a skinny tattooed model,  hahaha", "I have been weight training for 30 years and tried many different training shoes desinged for squatting, clean and Jerks, deadlifts, etc.  These are far and above the best I have used.  It took a couple of workouts to get used to them but now I can really tell the difference in support, especially in the uppers.You can tell Nike did their homework and really tried to develop a shoe that provides stability when you are trying to support large amounts of weight.These are WELL worth the money if you train heavy.Note: I DO NOT reccomend these for normal non-lifting activites or cardio.  You need normal cross-trainers for that.", "My 19 Year old grandson loves this shirt.  I Have bought him this shirt in other colors.  Great choice of colors.", "I ordered this for my husband.  We have bought two similar Nike Dri-Fit V-Neck T-Shirts at a popular sporting goods chain for $55 each.  I wish I had looked at Amazon first.  He much prefers this one to the ones we bought.  If he hadn't already worn the first two we would have returned them and ordered more of these.  We received them on time and they were properly packaged.", "I love these Nike lady pro printed Capri running tight. I love the style and color. Just wish they were tighter.", "I was looking for longer shorts for a girl with large butt. these are longish but not long enough and with a large butt these tend to bee too short in the inseam so the front is too tight.", "This product doesn t bright crimson. This shirt is pepper color. I dont like this shirt. The color this shirt in amazon site no is the same of the shirt", "I took this on a week long hike, and wore it while itwas raining out. I stayed warm and somewhat dry while most of  the day there were constant drops of water hitting my shoulders and back. I wore it during some of cooler dry nights and it was never damp or smelled funky(it dries really quick). didnt keep me too warm either. it is a liiiiiiiiiiitlle bit itchy if its your base layer but not super noticable. the thumbhole feel really comfortable and keep cold air from getting in the sleeves. I highly recommend  this shirt if yiu can get a good deal on it. i happened to come across it new on ebay for $28 bucks. it usually retails for $50-$80. and you can get a good full merino wool blend for that much, which i would rather do.only con and reason i give it 4 stars is because of the price, but what do you expect from nike.", "I chose this item because I like the Nike brand. but I only gave it 3 stars because it doesn't have any zippers on the pockets and when I was running, my cell phone fell out.", "Polo is a very good high quality Nike polo listed as XL. It's really a XXX large in an Asian size that does not match up to an US size. Arms too short and tight, same for armpit area.", "I love the shirt. Are you going to sale more of this product in the future. And do you have any different colors", "Fits great. love the way it feel, the only problem I had was color black is actually a wash black which is a no no for me.", "Ok I just need to say this&#8230; if this is from FCB, I am Lionel Messi. Come on! This is unbelievable, seriously.", "It looks a little longer in the photo than in reality. Really shows a little too much leg for my comfort. Nice material and good fit...just needed an inch more and I would feel more comfortable wearing. I kept it, but often prefer my other skirts if they are clean.", "Just fit as expected. Normal for Nike products. Nice bright pink color. Really a nice product and shipped in a reasonable time...", "This t-shirt is cute but it was way too tight for me. I have another tee that looks like the same line that fits ok. I had to return this. Seller gave me no problem with the return though.", "What a great shirt. Light and stretchy material make for easy movement, important in a golf polo. Size was standard for nike. Pity they don't make this style anymore.", "They are so cute can't wait the to put them on the baby when he comes.He will be coming real soon.", "Love these socks/  They are constructed well and last a long time.  They hold their color and don't stretch out.", "Extremely high quality jacket from Nike. Great deal for a jacket that usually cost well more than this. Will wear often.", "I was really disappointed the product was good quality but it wasn't a good fit. I had to find a different present.", "I ordered the Medium size.  I am a size 6-8.  This top is way too small for me.  It feels like regular t-shirt material.  Pretty design, but won't fit.  Why isn't it sold in a large, or XL?", "Got this for my sister. She loves it.Perfect for going back n forth from gym to car on cooler workout days.", "This was a true fit, and is a great buy. What a great addition to any Nike t shirt lover.", "This is the perfect sized gym bag for 1 or 2 pairs of shoes and a full change of clothes. It has a separate compartment for shoes and enough pockets for anything you may need. The only negative is that there is no pad on the shoulder strap (like it mentions in the description and displays in the photo) and it can get uncomfortable if you're carrying it for a while.", "Great bag for the gym. I'm 5'10 and the bag is perfect for me. Shoes, pants, and everything else fits in there", "What a great duffel bag.  Not only is it aesthetically appealing, it also does its job quite well.  It is a nice mid-sized bag with multiple compartments.  The main midsection is vast and holds quite a lot.  It holds my laundry bag, shoes, clothes, and much more.  I use one of the side compartments for my deodorants, perfumes, lotions, soap, and the other for my weightlifting straps.  The bag feels durable and travels quite well.  It has the ability to get skinny when stuffing in a smaller locker.  Overall, a great bag which is pretty cool.  I would definitely recommend it to any interested.", "It was perfect size! Tons of room on the inside! Exactly what my husband was looking for! Will buy again!", "its nice and i use it a lot. the side zipper already broke and the bag is really flimsy unlike the picture would depict.", "Comfortable with a good fit and nice material. I love the color and elastic type cuffs. It lives up to the brand name. It makes a good spring jacket without the need to be a hard nosed runner.", "The reason that I give this product 3 stars is because it the color was a lot darker than represented by the picture and description of it. I was looking specifically for red pants and these are more on the burgandy side, however, they fit perfectly and are of great quality.", "Fit great and love the material!", "Purchased for my grandson.  He told me what size he wanted; when they arrived, he tried them on and said they were perfect.", "grandson loved them wore them to  school the first day even tho it was cold size was just right for average  7 year old boy", "I have other nike compression shorts but for some reason these make me look/feel better than the others. It also came really quickly. They definitely exceeded my expectations.", "This product came fastx  I am very pleased!  It fits perfectly and I wanted them for cheer tryouts, and they came the night beforex  They are expensive though, that is my only complaint.", "Nike pro shorts are amazing! I traded my VS boyshort underware for them! Purrrrfect:-) Can't wait to keep getting more and more!!!!", "I like the shorts and fit for what I need them for but was expecting a little bit more support for running.  I kept them and use them.", "Shorts came on time and just as described. Good quality and the fit is a little bit smaller than the other Nike Pro shorts I have odered which is fine. Still a good fit. I have two teenage daughters that are HS Varsity Cheerleaders and the love their Nike Pro shorts for cheer practice and gymnastic classes.", "It is a nice pair of shorts if you are on the thin side and toned. If you have a little extra in the middle they are uncomfortable.", "Love these shorts. They don't ride up and they fit perfectly and don't hug too tight. Feels good to move in them without getting a wedgy.", "I bought this for my 16 year old Granddaughter. I couldn't find the size &#34;Small&#34; anywhere.  I was told that when they come into the store, that size flys off the shelf. So, I had to get them online. She is a cheerleader and wears these to practice her gymnastic stunts. She says they are very comfortable.", "They're really soft and they're wonderful for running and stuff. They fit as described and the color is exactly the same as well.", "Perfect to wear under my tennis skirt with matching Atomic Orange top.  It's our team color this summer. I bought the matching visor too.", "Perfect for daughter age 11.", "Unfortunately, this jersey is poor quality. The Messi letters were peeling off after wearing it for the first time. Not recommended", "The jersey was a last minute purchase for my grandson. He loved it. I had even expected it to arrive after xmas but it came before which made it that much sweeter a deal.", "I got mine used-like new and it came with the tag and everything. The jersey I ordered was a medium and was a bit small, so I would recommend going a size higher. Everything else is good", "They were very fast sending the item so i could get it for Christmas.The price is very low and the quality of the product is extremely good", "This was EXACTLY what I was expecting! I received the Nike brand Messi jersey with tags to prove its authenticity. Almost every negative review was proven wrong in my experience. I am a medium, ordered a medium, and fit exactly like a medium should, so the comment of size being wrong is incorrect for my order. The quality is as good as it's going to get, it is made with Nike's dri-fit technology and the logos (other than Qatar Airways) are all embroidered. HIGHLY recommend this product as it is an AWESOME price!", "I think its a decent quality. Im about 5:7 and i got a medium and it was perfect. The liga logo on the right is plastic and thats the only default i see in the jersey, other than that it is great!", "I gave it 5 stars because i really loved it . High quality and it is exactly like the description and the picturesdelivered fastHighly recommended.", "Unfortunately, this jersey is poor quality. 2 of the Messi letters were peeling off when opening the package. No invoice slip, no tags, only a foreign address from China. Very disappointing!", "Not as good as I expected....this jersey came with holes on the sides... Apparently These holes are suppose to keep you cool, but they are too big.", "The product is player-authentic, price is cheap very good deal. I recommend to anyone, size runs a bit small. GREAT!", "The medium was a bit snug and now I need to reorder it. But it did arrive earlier than expected.", "great quality great fit good price now if i can get my son to take it off he loves his jersey", "It took a while to get the product but it is coming from China so it's expected. To me the size was accurate as I ordered a medium and it fit my husband.", "I purchased this for my grandson who lives in Europe, plays and loves soccer.  He had a Barcelona kit that I had purchased in Spain several years ago but was now too small.He was SO impressed because this shirt was the OFFICIAL one!!  He slept in it the day it arrived and wore it all the next day as well.  You made me the most loved Mimi (grandmother) in the world.  Thanks!", "Runs small, order one size larger than normal.  Very nice jersey with high quality materials and structure.  Would recommend this to anyone.", "IT is one of the best jersey i owned, fits well for medium size, just taking one star as shipping is slow, had to wait for couple of weeks but totally worth it", "I was very excited to get this jersey, but by the moment I received I could tell it was not the authentic jersey, there are few details that show that is a fake one:-Breathing holes inside jersey supposed to have a blue rubber around them, this jersey has color white rubber and after one wash is falling.- The sponsor logo is sticky also the name and number- According to nike, this jersey runs smaller, this is not the caseBeing 100% fan of the club I am not happy at all with this product.", "Excellent quality!!!! My son wears it to school all the time, Much better than the outrageous prices at the mall.", "quality of the sweatpants fine - packaging very shabby and the sweatpants were the wrong size - not a good buy - an inconvenience to try to return as original packaging was poor quality", "Product came new and well packaged from LV Premium Outlets.  These glasses are very flexible on the temples and bridge, hopefully they wont get all bent out of shape as easily as others do.", "This t-shirt fits great. The colors stay vibrant and there is very little shrinkage after serveral washings. It has also retained it shape considering it has been through quite a few basketball practices.", "It is just a bit too short, the back of the skirt seems to just barely cover my butt and when I'm running I assume it's probably bouncing up pretty high.  The shorts underneath could really use some of that tacky stuff that you find in other skorts to keep them from riding up your thighs and causing thigh chafing.  The material and color were nice and fit was otherwise correct to size.", "High quality, convenient and practical, wonderful color, lots of pockets inside, hard to buy this bag in VENEZUELA I recommended this product", "I think I lost this bag within the first 4 months that I had it... When I had it though, it was perfect for carrying my cleats and gear to and from practice.", "purchased for my son (age 14) he uses it for his gym clothes at school and really likes it. Would purchase from seller again.", "Ehh this bags a little too big and  I thought it would have two sections so I can divide my stuff but overall just a simple drawstring overpriced backpack", "This is the second Nike bag that I purchased for my son.  He uses this constantly and wore the first one out.  He loves these things.", "Bought this for our son who plays basketball. Hes able to fit his shows water phone and an extra pair of shorts and a shirt in this thing with ease. Very nice!!", "Bought a few of these as gym bags.  It's Nike quality, and what you would expect from the product.  Need I say more?", "Perfect track bag for my son. Super fast delivery! Nice shade of blue. Even has a mesh front so his track shoes won't stink up the inside!", "I love this bag its lightweight and can hold a lot for its size. I like the color of it.", "Nice and roomy - my son's giant size 9 shoes and a large water bottle fit in nicely.  Well made and looks good!", "got one for my boss and one for my husband they love them but i have seen them use it?????", "Looks cool and holds more than it looks like. Shipping was pretty fast. I am such a nike fan so what more is there to say?", "A great gym bag, well made and a good size. It holds sneakers and a change of clothes but is small enough to fit in a locker. The carrying straps make it convenient to wear as a back pack or over one shoulder. My son really likes it.", "I bought this bag thinking that I needed something that would be sturdy and do the trick to carrying my random stuff ie. keys, wallet, papers, etc. around. This was worth the money and works fantastic!!! If you need something light weight and reliable this is your bag", "Good back pack/ gym sack works well. stylish. I love it. Now I can go out to my friends sleep over with all my things in one place", "I noticed that this bag is not for soccer. Cuz the opener is just not that big to put the full size soccer ball easily. Beside, the material and quality is very awesome. I love the design.", "It arrived fast and there's nothing wrong with it. Just notice the size. It may be too big for a girl or kid but does perfect for a guy", "Perfect sizeMesh on the bottom to air out, awesome!!!!!Works for the gym, when I run to work, when I ride my bike and for a make shift work bag!!!THANK YOU", "Was purchased as a gift for a nice, young man.He needed it for school and sports.Great bag for anyone.", "Great to carry a soccer ball around in, but a bit expensive for a ball bag.  Grandson loves it, that's what counts.", "This bag is Great for any teenagers basketball equipment. It has plenty of room for shoes and shirts and any loose items they have.", "These are my favorite shirts EVER!! I love the thumbholes and they keep me warm and/or dry. This is the first one I've had with the mesh design but its really nice. Definitely will buy more soon!!", "I bought this sports bra in size s. I am a 32C and its too tight, the fabric doesn't stretch so its kind of difficult to get it on and out. It has also a really high cut around the arms so it can be uncomfortable. It is really really thin, so if you get a little cold it will show like crazy.For me the only pro is that the Dry fit fabric is really good. I expected a lot more from a Nike top, so I will stick to forever 21 sports bras.", "The bra was too tight.. it's not about the size, it is the material.. it barely stretches.. I wanted to exchange it but the seller doesn't offer free exchanges nor free returns. Next time I'm only buying from sellers that offer free returns.. I guess that's what you get for such a price.", "Loved this bra!  Great color and fit.  Being reversible allows me several different options when pairing with pants and shorts.", "... No problem! The bra fits great (size up though) and it still looks new after a few washes. Great purchase!", "Bought for my daughter and it is now her favorite bra. And she loves that it's reversible and that it's two colors.", "just as described!", "Lovley hoodie, worth the money!Great material also on the hoodie, i also orderd the gray one and recvied it as described also", "I'm happy with this hoodie!  It's comfortable, soft, sturdy.  Got the large originally and had to return it for an XL.  I'm not overweight and normally wear a large.", "It's see through so you have to wear another top or sports bra underneath.  Fit's too loose around bottom.  It would work for women with a larger waist.  I have to get large size for my bust, but my waist is small.", "Go Gooners!!! They arrived quickly and exactly what I ordered. Nike brand, and brand new. Not sure what else to say", "This shirt fits well and looks great. It can be worn for running and is perfect to wear at the beach since it is so light", "I love these. Perfect fit. And unlike my other Nike shorts, these have pockets, which is a nice addition.", "these shorts are very short for workout shorts! I wouldnt order them again and fit tight. I wear atheletic shorts often and these are just different", "I bought it for a pair of Nike glasses that I own so it's a natural. I like the flat bottom the precision snap tight closure.", "Good condition really protects my glasses also very useful when I need to carry a spare pair of glasses I really helps", "This came with my son's glasses.  I did not order this from Amazon. I am very disappointed in this product, as it is broken and completely useless 2 weeks after my son got his glasses.  After spending $300 on his glasses, it is very upsetting for the case to break so soon and now I must buy a new case so his glasses don't get destroyed.  BEWARE if you buy this case.", "I lot the item I purchased, it fits me perfect. I will be definitely purchasing another color in the same style.", "My husband now has three of these shirts, two in white one in this neon yellow/green.  He runs early in the morning before sun up and this year Texas has been very cold. He hates cold weather but is a disciplined runner and he is very happy with these shirts so I bought this 3rd one for Christmas.  He is 6' 2&#34; broad shoulders and 32 waist at 172lbs and the large fits him very well, not compression-snug but comfortable for running.  The neon is perfect for visibility and the white is pretty good also.  The white does tend to get dull in the laundry however.  I don't dry these in the drier, but check the directions, it might be fine.  Would love to find these cheaper, but since he's been wearing them continuously this winter, it was money well spent.", "Great for running in cold weather. A lot cheaper on Amazon than in the store. Prime shipping is the way to go on all products.", "This was a Christmas present for my son and he loves it!  Fit, color and price were all acceptable.  I would purchase again.", "Seems to fit extremely big but I know next time to order a medium in this material or a small", "This hoody is a perfect fit for my grandson and he loves it. In fact, Nike makes some of the best products out there. I really believe in their tagline, &#34;Just do It!&#34;", "This backpack is great. I was looking for a rolling backpack that didn't look childish and this one was great. It is also very spacious, I could fit two textbooks and my laptop without a problem. The only thing I don't like is that the pocket on the back (to tuck in the straps) doesn't have a bottom. Sometimes the straps will peek out and drag on the floor. It's minimal compared to the quality of the product though.", "My son needed a rolling backpack to hold all of his heavy books.  He went through a few more expensive ones.  So far, this one is holding up - no holes and no problems with the zipper.", "Good color. My 8 year old boy liked it a lot... but!!! these rolling backpack needs to be fortified at the bottom near rollers, inner edge particularly. Cause that is the part where wear is taking place mostly... this one, not so good. Worn out pretty quick after a couple of month... now, can't use it. the hole is too big... I wouldn't recommend it if you want your kids to use this for a whole year.", "Wonderful product and a perfect fit. I would definitely recommend these to anyone!", "i love this sweater! i bought it because my job is always cold and they expect us to just take it? i think not! anyway this definitely keeps me warm at work and when i'm walking around outside. it feels like it holds your body heat inside of the sweater.", "Awesome shirt that is amazingly comfortable and perfect for summer golf. Terrific colors and highly quality materials make this a must for any serious golfer", "Beautiful shirt somewhat large in the neck the buttons pull the shirt down and make your chest wide open to see.", "Now this is the ultimate in polo the best feeling and the best cut it wears so nice now that's the truth an plus I'm a TIGER FAN", "Bought this for my friend who is 5'4&#34; and 125lbs and small is just too small to be comfortable on her thighs.  Ordered her the medium, hopefully will be perfect then.", "OK shirt - one of the new type with very thin material.I returned mine because the green looked different thanin the picture.  Refund processed promptly.", "The colors are much more vibrant in person, they're incredibly comfortable. I put them on as soon as they arrived, I'm still wearing them. My husband loves them, let me tell you ladies if MY husband notices something I'm wearing then it was worth buying. I'd love to get more colors of these!", "Fitting is exact!", "Great look and feel and the fit is as expected.  May options for color and shirts.", "Great looking shorts very comfortable", "I love the way it feel and look and I would recommend others to go out and buy it more than one.", "There is no way these are 12 to 15 in size I am a 13 and they barely fit over my heal.", "These socks are great for when your doing physical activity in your everyday life. They keep your feet dry and warm almost like wool socks in winter.", "The label on the bag the socks came in says they are L but the Nike packaging that wraps around the socks says XL.", "The socks warm my feet a bit more than than I expected but it is made of good quality and confortable material", "Thought I was buying the micro fiber type of dry fit. These actually feel like thick cotton. Too hot to workout in. Disappointed", "I am size 9.5 / 10 (depending on shoe) and the large fit me really well.  Here are the pros:- They are the perfect thickness for me.  Not so thin that they offer no insulation in the winter but also not so thick that they are warm in the summer.- The fit and level of elasticity is great.  They are snug and don't ever feel like they are going to fall off my feet or slide down to my heel (I hate it when socks do that) but they are also not overly-snug (I also hate that).  Very comfortable.- They seem to be durable.  I have had these for a while and have washed them many, many times and they are holding up very well.Cons:- I know it is supposed to be a feature, but the Left / Right specification on these makes it harder to sort / match socks when doing the laundry.  Not a huge deal and what you gain is foot-specific fit (which means the toe line models the contour of your feet), but, I figured it is worth mentioning for the sake of thoroughness.At any rate, my experience with these socks has been nothing but positive.  I have taken them on hikes, a trip to Alaska, daily bike rides, etc.", "Great socks at a great price. Socks are very comfortable. Will definitely buy more in the future. They fit just right too.", "perfect fit. great comfort. very comfortable with shoes on.Great for walking.I love the color.Great quality. Nike is the best in socks.", "So far so good with these. they fit as I had expected and seem like they'll hold up OK over time.", "I'm a size 10.5, and they're so tiny they  pop right off my feet, inside of my shoe.  Disappointing.  I suggest that you wear eye protection if you're putting these socks on size 12 feet ... 'cuz somebody could get hurt.", "Excellent fit, stretchy and cool. Nice support", "Quarter crew socks were difficult to find in the 12-15 sz. They are are  an  excellent fit and product. Over priced from the base price at stores(if you can find them).  Will not purchase them  here again as found other outlet at considerable less $.i", "These socks fit well, are comfortable, and are the best low cut sox that I have ever tried.  I highly recommend them.", "These were a stocking stuffer for my husband and he really loves them.  They are great quality socks. He is quite pleased.", "Excellent fit.  Exactly what I ordered.", "sent it back to the provider for the next size larger. spoke to the provider and they were very nice about the exchange.", "Bought these for my 13 year old son. This is his style and he loved them.  Nice quality.  Better price than in the retail stores.", "Just like I would have bought them at the store but cheaper, my boyfriend loves them. There is absolutely nothing wrong with them.", "they fit nice he enjoys them very much he wants more they are very warm and they didn't shrink as much as I thought", "Good sock. I have like 30 pairs of elite socks. And they are well made. Recommend these to anyone .", "These are the best socks for sports that i have had. I was looking for extra padding on the heal and not to low on the ankle.  Socks that stay in place and are soft and comfy.These are it for me.", "This is the second time I've got these they fit great and don't get all out of shape after you wash them.", "These socks are great and let my feet breathe. Very comfortable. I run and spin in these socks. Love the way they fit", "these are always my go to socks, they last a good long time, i have about 10 pr and rotate them and have had them over 5 yrs.", "I bought these socks for a friend. She is an avid runner and wanted a nice cute pair of socks to go on her runs in. Not only are these socks super cute, she says they fit great and are awesome to wear while working out or anytime for that matter. She wears a size 5 shoe, and she says they fit great!!", "go ahead, it's a nice sock, I like the right/left....never had that before. Great for working out or just wearing around.", "Good fitting warm and everything I expected from socks. My feet are sweating right now is my only problem but we will live", "These are quality socks that feel great. They actually have LEFT and RIGHT socks, so the fit is excellent. I just wish the sock monster in our house would stop eating them!!!", "Fit great.  Wear them running and golfing and the tan lines are much lower than any regular low cut socks.", "These are the most comfortable socks I've ever owned. Even after multiple washes they feel like new when I put them on. Strong elastic and form fitting design makes them a wonderful fit for anyone who is active on their feet.", "perfect, its Nike", "Nike Dri-Fit socks are all that I hoped for. This was third order; like them so much I have replaced most other socks with these.", "He loves them.  They are soft and comfortable.  He wears them for hiking and to the gym&#8230;. and all day long.", "These are so comfortable. They are the perfect thickness - thick enough to be supportive and not fall down, thin enough to fit snugly in shoes. I didn't realize how bad my old socks were until I bought these! Seriously, who would've thought new socks would make you so much more comfortable?!", "Awesome socks, have helped me prevent the blisters I would get on the balls of my feet from jogging that come with cheap socks.", "I bought for my husband during the world cup, and it fits good in him. And you are also able to adjust the size, so, I am also able to use (but it is a little large for women).", "Excellent quality , good fit, fast delivery. Bought it as a gift for my husband and he loved it.", "Bought this shirt because I love the message. Shrinks somewhat but fit is consistent with other Nike shirts. I would recommend to others.", "This hat set was too small for my 2 year old. And it smelled old when we got it. This was not a good purchase.", "I got it for  about to be 3 year old son he loves it, Doesnt want to take it off, Plus  his favorite brand is Jordans", "These are great for my son who wears a size 14 shoe.  Other socks don't fit well and are uncomfortable.  These are perfect!", "As described they fit my 15 year old with no problems . Don't know if I would buy again though . They are very pricey", "Our son wears a size 14 shoe, so regular sports socks are just too small. We have trouble finding the XL size in stores, unless we go to Dick's and pay $$$. So I was pleased to find these XL sized Nike Dri-Fit socks on Amazon at a decent price.They are crew length, so they go about halfway up the calf, and are perfect for football, basketball or wrestling. The Dri-Fit technology wicks the moisture away from the foot, so he stays comfortable longer. They don't shrink or fade much at all in the wash, and best of all they fit his extra large and wide foot.", "My boyfriend LOVES these socks. He swears by them. He wears a size 14 and it's so much trouble to find him anything that fits him well. These are well made and long lasting.", "Like the fabric. Like the fit.  Works for me.", "This was a surprise purchase for my baby girl(15). She seen them and said I have to have them. I said NO! The sneakers arrived in 3 days, she was so HAPPY. She says they are comfy, true to size, loves the detail, and would definitely order Nike Cortez sneakers in the future:)", "I love the sneakers I wish you would give more of us the option of many sizes again you don't which is very sad", "I wear a size 10 shoe in Nike, but these socks fit comfortably. No complaints and would definitely purchase again.", "Was looking for socks with a little extra cushion but not too bulky.  These filled the bill!  Really like them.", "These socks fit as expected and generally hold their shape but every Nike sock I have owned collects lint or fuzzies of some kind making them look old and worn well before their time. It doesn't matter what I wash them with...same outcome. Won't buy Nike socks anymore.", "Nice socks.  I got these for my brother-in-law for Christmas, and he wanted heavy cotton socks.  These were perfect, and I like the different colors in one package.", "These socks are rated for shoe size up to 12.  I wear size 11 and I can barely get these socks on!They are too small, and since the elastic is not stretchy at all, it's really hard to get on my feet.The one plus is that they look nice.", "Pros:Great size.  Not too big, but not too small.  Just enough to do the job without showing.  I wear a men's adult size 10 shoe.Nike logo on topSoft/CushionedCons:None", "I found the band too loose and the cups too tight.  (I'm a 30DD by the way and ordered this in the small size.)  I'm pretty sure it'll be way too big if I go up a size and way too tight if I size down.  I might hang on to it regardless of the fit.  It's really not a bad bra.  Maybe it can be a back-up in case I need it.UPDATE: Decided I definitely like this bra after wearing it a few times.  It provides good support for medium impact activities and isn't uncomfortable.  While the cup part seemed tight at first it's stretched to conform to my body.  And even though the band didn't seem snug enough I haven't had any problems with it riding up.  My only complaint is that this tends to trap heat a bit.  Other than that this becoming one of my go-to sports bras.", "These are great socks, comfortable and fit well.  I am moving my boys aware from the standard &#34;Hanes&#34; and other mall store brands since those just do not last long and they aren't that comfortable.These Nike's fit great and are comfortable, but of course they better be since 3 of these cost as much as 6 to 9 Hanes!  But most of the time you  do get what you pay for, these were worth it!", "Comfortable and true to size", "It looks great! It fits tight, but I ordered it one size too small. It will fit perfect after the holiday's.", "This was a Christmas gift for our son, he really wanted a track suit and they were impossible to find all together. I was a little nervous about ordering a UK version of Nike, but it shipped quickly and looked perfect. He was thrilled with this gift. It is a dark gray with a wedgewood blue. It looks very expensive and has held up great all winter.", "I love Nike products but this particular sweatshirt is too short. It fits everywhere else but just isn't long enough for my taste.", "I bought it as a gift for my husband and it is exactly what I expected.Shipped on time.Thank you very much.", "Nice sweatshirt, good quality, looks just like the pic but seems to run very small.  it probably runs about 2 sizes too small.", "Good quality shorts a little long but I guess &#34;real&#34; soccer shorts are supposed to be? My daughter is petite.", "The length was a little short. I expected the sleeves to be longer on me as well as to rest over smh hips a little not on them", "The sweatshirt they sent me is supersoft and looks exactly like the photo...except it is NOT a zip front but a pull-over.  It is so comfy I decided to keep it, but will still have to find a zip hoodie!", "These socks grip my high arches, are thick but not too thick. They don't slide down in my shoes. My only complaint is the price.", "Socks are perfect weight. They don't slide and colors stay bright. They have just enough sock showing above my sneaker that they add to the style of my workout clothes.", "They fit perfectly and are very comfortable for Spring The color was as expected and perfectfor going to the Gym.", "Fit was awful. 3 different girls tried them on.  Still not a good fit. Returned them. Also took too long to get them.", "Runs small but typical of Nike gear.  Wonderful material and very nice looking pant.  These pants are very nice, would order again.", "I purchased two pairs of these and am very happy with both of them. The fit is perfect and they wash up nicely. Highly recommend this product.", "Soft fabric, easy to wash and dry. It has become one of my son's favorite t-shirts and he gets lots of compliments when he wears it.", "Too short.  Thought they would come up higher.  Good quality just not what I was expecting but they will work.", "My son loves these socks. He's not a huge fan of socks that go up too high and these were the perfect length. He likes the bright colors and they fit great. Great Nike quality and good price, too.", "My son wanted the Nike high performance socks for Christmas but I couldn't see spending over $17 a pair for socks. Then I stumbled across these and it was cheaper for a 3 pack than 1 pair. These may not be the popular high performance socks that the rich kids are wearing, but not everyone can afford spending that kind of money for socks. These are Nike and a great price for a 3 pack.", "my son enjoyed them very much they was a lil small he wears a 3 in boys they fir until I wash them then they got smaller so if you buy them get bigger I was goin to but the next size up would of been to big but he enjoys them", "They look terrific on me and are nice and light weight. I love the red color, and the lenses are just the right tint--not too dark.", "Bought for my 8 month old daughter. She is in the 95th percentile for her head circumference so I went with the 12/24 month size. It is a little big for her yet, but it is super cute on her. There will be plenty of room to grow in it!", "Fully adjustable Velcro strap in the back so, fits my 10 month old with a peanut head just fine when adjusted to smallest setting.", "Love this hat, and so does my 2-year old daughter. It is adorable and adjustable with the convenient Velcro strap on the back. Highly recommend!!", "This sweatshirt has all the halllmarks of a quality Nike garment - good fabric, inside fleece just the right thickness, and I LOVE the full size kangaroo pocket. This was exactly what I wanted - half zip with no hood and the kangaroo pocket. However, note this runs a full size small. I own lots and lots of Nike sportswear purchased over the last 20 years. I ordered XL, as normally do in a top.It is NOT an XL, it is a Large. Wearing it over another tee, even a tank, is not an option. I don't know if this is something in sizing difference for the British market, since the only place I found this to order was an the Amazon UK site. But if you order, order a full size larger than normal.", "I love the first Nike flexon frames that I bought, these have flexon ear pieces, don't know if the eye frame is titanium, probably is but it isn't flexible like the sides. Still a nice pair of glasses. Glass frames that are made of Flexon &#34;Titanium&#34; are indestructible.", "Godd workout top for summer- it doesn't squeeze the middle.", "Glows pretty good and fits as expected.  However, black shirts with the neon green or orange, lime green glow better...in case you're looking for options.  We'll be posting pix on our website at www.LegendaryStreetSoccer.com and YouTube.", "My 14 year old loves these!! Very well made, excellent fit. Worth the money!  These will last for a long time I'm sure!", "I ordered this shirt for my husband to pair with the (Nike Air Jordan 1 Retro '94 &#34;Bobcats&#34; Mens Sneakers Grey/Orange/Blue) and it was a perfect match but since my husband is into body building, the fit was too small for his shoulders and they didn't have anything larger than 2X but if they did this would have worked perfectly because it really is a nice shirt.", "I love these socks there the best. So comfortable. They don't slip off my feet at Pilates. Great colors too!", "I Love the socks, they are very comfortable, don't shrink when washed and they don't roll down into your shoes at the heal. Stay in place all day!  (I want more.)", "I love these shirts! My son is 2 years old and these are a &#34;little big&#34; but its great because he can actually wear them now and then grow &#34;into them&#34;.... Love love love them. Super thin so they are great for the upcoming summer months plus I could have put a thicker long sleeved shirt under them in the winter...", "The shirt is warm and fits how true to size.  It is everything you expect from a nike product at any store.", "Nike t-shirts do not retail for $58.99, let alone kids tees.  Inflating the suggested retail price to make it appear that the product is heavily discounted is misleading and dishonest.  A quick overview of Great Products Now's offerings indicates that this is standard practice with this company.", "I bought the jacket for my wife and she loves it.  The jacket is of th highest quality and fits perfectly.  Great Item!!!!!!!!", "It is a wonderful colours. I love them. It is very difficult to get this mode; anywhere.Everybody who sees them they ask me where can I find another?", "These shoes are excellent. I am quite content.I would recommend them to anyone looking for a solid running shoe with excellent cushioning and stability.", "They were awesome.", "I love these shoes! Thankful to reviewers who suggested ordering half size larger than regular shoe size... I did, and the fit is perfect.  Super comfortable, and great looking kicks!  I ordered the white with atomic mango and volt, and couldn't be happier.  I had no idea how many people actually notice shoes. Tons of compliments everywhere I go!  People stop me to ask where I found these shoes.  They're a little expensive, but worth it!P.S. I forgot to mention... the tip of the toe box is just a little more pointed than it appears in the photo. This accounts for the half size increase. Important info for those with wider, rather than narrow feet.", "Most comfortable Nike's I ever bought, They are good looking in a very funky way.Have received many compliments on them.", "I love air max shoes been wearing them for years, the colors are fun and spring like. I get complements every where I go literary.", "It 's very nice and fancy. this is gift for my friend, she love's it. So i'm happy too. hhhhh", "I saw particular shoes online...did a Google search...narrowed down shoe on Amazon...transaction went smoothly & I got the exact shoes that I wanted...I'm very happy! :-D", "We bought these shoes, as suggested for good arch support, by my daughter's sports ortho doctor.  They are really helping to relieve the pain and tension in her achilles tendon and calves.  Great product!!", "Back in 2011 I bought Nike Air Max and they felt so comfortable the first time I ran and worked out in them.I have bought Nike Air Max 2012, 2014 and they are getting worse.  there isn't enough arch support as there was in the 2011 model.My toes are in pain. I wake up at night in pain.  My arches and my calves hurts while I run. So I can't run at my target speed.  I can feel the lack of arch support as compared to the 2011 model.  I have to check if I can return them.From my experience adding additional store bought cushioning messes up the foot landing form.", "Fit as expected and a great price!  I would buy this product again online, I highly recommend it. Good job.", "Very nice shoes! Thought they were white, but they have laces and gray as a whole slightly grayish color, but otherwise perfect!", "Always pleased with the Air Max and the 2014 version is no different.  Perfect fit, comfort and durability.  Love them!", "I love these shoes, they are super comfortable!", "Love these shoes. They fit true  to size and have a lot more cushion than the New Balance I had been wearing,", "I love my Nike Air Max, just a lil bit too big. I want more. Will definitely order smaller size.", "l loved all the Nike's i've owned for the last 20 years!!", "These are great shoes to be able to run and do your workouts easy to maintain clean and like the material", "Awesome shoes. Very comfortable. Stylish-got lots of compliments on them!  Fit true to size. I have a wide foot and they felt great,", "I like 'em!  The fit, are comfortable and I expect to get a lot of use out of them.  Amen", "Not comfortable at all you would think for 150 shoes would be comfortable but no my heal is sore when I take them off", "This Nike shoe provides a great fit, support and great comfort. Totally happy with this shoe! It feels molded to my foot!", "Love the sneaker , very comfortable .. Look is stylish ..I would recommend the sneaker. Good buy even though the price is high but worth it. Delivery was awesome . In 2 days !", "Me husband and I love these sneakers expensive but for us they are totally worth it!  We can't run in any other sneaker!", "I have to wear custom orthodics in my shoes but these are still uncomfortable to work in for 8 hours a day standing on my feet all day. I also bought New Balance that are grey it took only a week to break them in.  The nike does have a Wonderful cushie insole that comes with it!!! I just can't work in the shoe without my orthodics insoles.", "Really comfy shoes, fits perfectly. Really love the style. Matches everything! Definitely have gotten a lot of compliments.", "Purchased half size larger than normal as that is how Nike fits.  I have purchased many versions of this shoe over the years.  I am pleased that this is a great, comfy, cushioned ride without looking like a &#34;moon boot!&#34;  I got so many compliments the first day!  Guess it was that electric pink!  I recommend undoing the very top lace on this shoe.  It will allow a more comfortable bending of your foot when walking.  I have back issues and these were superb.  If in doubt, go to a store and try on so you know what size works best for you.  Then get them here because I saved 75 dollars!  Thanks, Amazon!", "size that I need as expected is good, prices as compared to others are really fair-keep it on guys and I love your store on line", "These are my favorite running shoes. I'm overweight and these are the only shoes that offer enough stability while also having great cushioning that lasts for months without breaking down. The treads wear out before the cushioning does, so they have great life in them. Also I get compliments on how cool they look.", "This shoe does a fantastic job balancing comfort with support. A great buy for anyone who looks to look good while bustin' a sweat!", "SOOOOO COMFY AWESOME COLORS I WISH I WOULD HAVE WENT AND TRIED THEM ON BEFORE I BOUGHT THEM BECAUSE THEY MATERIAL IS VERY LOOSE NOT LEATHER LIKE THE REST OF MY AIR MAX SO A LITTLE LOOSE BUT I WILL DEAL WITH IT!!", "I absolutely loved the shoes but they were too small! I sent them back! I reordered the 9s and love them! They are super comfortable.", "This pair of Nike air max 2014 running shoes wear very comfortable, bright colors, walking in the street is very eye-catching, walk for a long time without feeling the fatigue of the feet.", "Very comfortable shoe. Love the product!", "Loved Nike Air Max shoes until purchase of the last two pairs...They have made toe area tighter...more shallow from top to bottom.  Can feel top of shoe with big toe...Returned....Great style and feesl like walking on air....but toe box smaller than past styles.Hope they re-think dimensions.....", "My daughter wanted another pair of Nike running shorts. The price was good and she likes the print. But these Livestrong shorts are much shorter and other Nike running shorts she has.", "I got this set for my son who is about to turn 3 and he really loves them. They are very thick and warm plus comfortable. His feet stay warm with theses on", "I bought these when my son was a year old in the hopes that they would fit by the time the next summer came around (he's an August baby) but since he is on the smaller side I have not put these on him. They seemed to be very good quality but I can't comment fully on this since we haven't washed and worn them as of yet.", "What can I say?  The &#34;cool&#34; kids in my son's class all have Nike socks with the design up the back, so I got these for my son.  He's worn them once that I know of, and now they have disappeared into the morass of his room.  I think he likes them, and would wear them more, if he could find them.", "I searched everywhere for this product in the colors to match a pair of shorts I have and sneakers. When I found it was too expensive and that was when I rarely found it, until I got it here at the right price and colors.", "My son is collecting every color of these socks! The purchase arrived promptly and are the quality one would expect from Nike.", "Decent quality textiles, sturdy enough for an infant, three to six months or so.  Not sure why it comes with the cell phone plug, but whatever.", "This is my 2nd pair of the exact frame.I got them for my prescription glasses.Fits my face and head just right.Very comfortable and well balanced.First pair I got at the eye doctor's office. The bridge broke after 2.5 years due to metal fatigue fracture. This is why it's not 5 stars. I had expected it to last longer.Despite that problem, I still wanted the same pair  because they are so comfortable for me. Since my doctor no longer carry them in their office after 2 years, so I had to search on line for the exact same ones. Went to several websites and finally found these listed on Amazon. I got rid of the +1 reading lenses and went to the local optometrist to fill my prescription and still end up paying less than what I would have been charged at the doctor's office.", "Very good quality T-Shirt, Fits as expected", "Good quality and comfortable", "It's a great wallet because it is very sturdy and holds all of my cards.  The material feels great and I see it lasting for many years.", "I bought this wallet for half price on a lightning deal and is worth every penny (but not so sure at full price).  I love the two-tone grey/black look.  The specs state 99% nylon and 1% leather so basically the entire wallet is nylon.  But the black portions of the wallet are made of a leather-like material.  I also love the outside Nike swoosh logo and there's also &#34;NIKEGOLF&#34; with the swoosh etched in the leather-like material inside.It's a very sturdy wallet and should hold its shape longer that all the leather wallets I've owned over the years.  It's a must buy, especially for Nike fans.", "Only two slots for credit cards.....also a window slot for drivers license for 25$ crazy sending back as soon as possible!", "Used to use a money clip only for credit cards & cash.  Didn't like a thick wallet in my back pocket.  This really worked well for me!  I have room for 4-5 credit cards on one side and 2-3 on the other.  I use the money clip to keep it all together when I'm not using it.  You probably need to travel lite but that suits me.", "These shoes are the shit", "My son is a BIG Kobe Bryant fan. And when I saw this babckpack, I just had to get it for him. No one at school has it and they keep asking him where he got it from! They can find the blue and black on line, but not this one, he likes being original. Only on Amazon!", "My teenage son loves this bag! It's very durable. It washes up really nice.It is kind of pricey though, hopefully my son with have it for the rest of his high school years.", "This bag is by far the best book bag I have ever owned. It has a sleeve for my laptop, and plenty of space for all my other books and other miscellaneous items. It is very comfortable and I am constantly getting compliments on the color and style of the bag.", "I am not impressed. It is not really red, more red/orange. It is made for women with little skinny arms. Feel stuck with it because I did not buy from Amazon. A lot to spend for a cruddy jacket. I expected more from Nike.", "Was very happy to be able to get the bigger size (XL) in these socks.  They were needed for a cancer awareness night and so many players have feet over a size 10!", "My son loves &#34;softy-softy&#34;.  He has since he was a little kid.  As a toddler he wore an extraordinarily soft set of Gymboree clothing twice a week for a year until it &#34;accidentally&#34; got tossed in the trash (I couldn't look at it anymore - not to mention it was getting practically threadbare due to its twice weekly washing).This Nike sweatshirt is the perfect blend of 'softy-softy' and 'cool guy' (hey, it's got the same swoop Kobe wears!) aura that a self-respecting seven year old first grader needs.  The color is great (stains barely show so twice weekly washes are a thing of the past!), the sweatshirt is soft on the inside (even after multiple washings - it's black but it still needs a cleaning on occasion), and the size is large enough to keep him comfortable, but small enough that it's not overly bulky, and it can be worn under a coat.It's a softy-softy that we can all love.", "The material is clingy not your traditional tshirt. I love the saying but hate the shirt. I would not recommend", "These socks are well cushioned yet they do not retain moisture.  Thus, they are perfect for running or similar activities.", "I received 4 left foot socks and 2 right foot socks. I contacted Amazon and haven't heard back. I don't recommend buying these. Mine were still in the package, so I'm afraid maybe Amazon got some kind of defective order of them. Very disappointing for such expensive socks.", "The socks are really nice -- good cushioning, good fit.  However, the 3 pair come tied together very tightly with a piece of plastic that is very difficult to separate and requires a scissor.  When I finally got the 3 pair untethered, one of the socks had two large holes in it.  There has got to be a much better way to package these socks.  Very disappointing and unnecessary.", "Love these socks. I wish they were a little thinner only because I wear them to workout in. But overall they are great.", "I normally wear a size 4 and sometimes a size 2 in jeans and dress pants. The size 4 I received first were way too small. I returned for a size 6. Even those are a little tight but I can manage. The fabric is soft with a slight stretch. The cut is nice. They are definitely more stylish than ordinary golf pants. I like them a lot. I just recommend going up a size.", "I am an adult male, 6-3 215lbs and I cant even get this on over my head. It is a child size. I wish it did fit !", "These shoes are to fragile ripped laces and tore front of in one day skating horrible shoe if u want good janoski never get leather get gum souls and canvas.", "For anyone that collects SB's, these are a must pick up. very clean and stunning. wouldn't wear blue jeans with them due to the blue dye.", "The weight and quality of these socks are good, but they squeezed my feet until my ankles swelled. The additional tab in the back  does help in putting them on.", "I'm impressed with the fit and comfort of this sock.  The compression around the arch holds the sock in place so that the toe of the sock doesn't bunch up.  The tab at the heel is at the right height to provide protection from rubbing.  I like the &#34;right/left&#34; designation/fit.  I've tried a lot of different dri/fit socks; these are the best.  In addition, they look good with my Nike 5.0's.", "Very nice capries I have alot of colors in this brand.  Nice for working out in. Does not look like in the picture but they are very see threw.", "kinda pricey, but my son is happy", "Thes are replacement sandals for my last pair of Nike flip flops, which lasted over 3 years and i had to regretfully get rid of last fall.  Very comfortable, with adequate arch support, something hard to find in sandals.  I wouldn't hesitate to wear these on a long day out.", "These track pants by Nike fit true to size and are really nice. They are a working perfectly well for track esp when it si still so cold.", "Great looking wallet.  I bought it for my husband as a random I love you gift!  He is in love with anything nike so it was perfect for him.  The only thing we were not fond of was the fact that there was no pocket for cash, just a money clip.  It seems pretty sturdy but still kind nervous to just leave money hanging there.  Overall I would recommend!", "The wallet has a really nice look and texture. It is thin in my pocket and feels great. I am pleased with it. I like the money clip, but a pocket to put cash would be nice.", "High quality.  What do you expect?  It's genuine Nike pro training grade stuff.  Rumo ao hexa em 2018!", "I purchased as a graduation gift for my son and because he is a big fan of Portugal national team. He absolutely loves it. Great qualify and fast delivery as promised as it was for a gift.", "Great pair of socks. Love them", "I have this skirt in charcoal. I bought it at Kohls in the swimwear section a couple years ago. It works amazing a swim bottom. Covers everything I need it to cover and has lasted 3 + years of use with no signs of wearing out. Its comfy and I feel good every time I put it on. Whether you want this for swimwear or for athletic wear its awesome. best purchase ive ever made as far as swim wear goes.", "i need you to send me a small in women size because the medium was to small please. an would love to get it next week friday", "The fit well and the pockets are okay; I wish these would come in a shorter inseam.  The price on these just jumped so I'm glad I bought mine when I did.", "Bought for m husband. He loves them. He's a 36/32 and they fit perfect. The material is really nice. This is a must buy in my book.", "Further 125th year of &#34;football&#34; the Netherlands have turned class and tradition into an art form. Just as they have done for centuries on the pitch. The blue fades from a light blue on top to a dark blue representing the waters of the North Sea that border its edge, the famous orange that they have come to symbolize the royalty, the years 1889 -- 2014 and embroidered lion are classic. The neckline is tight but not choking, it covers up a necklace which is nice but is so perfectly fitted that you barely even know that you have the shirt on and tell somebody compliments you on how beautiful it is.The shirt fits wonderfully. I have tried on &#34;XL&#34; from Nike and Adidas teams to get a feel for how they run and as an authentic jersey, this is perfect. Not too tight, not too large, doesn't taper down to a size 30 inch waist and the Nike classic &#34;dri fit&#34; makes a fantastic ton wear on a summer day, Or play around on the field. All in all I am extremely pleased and feel like this is the best &#34;kit&#34; out of all 32 teams in the 2014 World Cup.The only caveat that I would tell somebody is don't expect it to be as bright blue that you see on pictures that are obviously done with super bright lighting or even Photoshop to appear light. It is a deep blue on the shoulders but not a dark blue. And the chevron faded lines are noticeable outside in the daylight but less noticeable obviously in the dark. I couldn't be happier and less RVP signed on the back. And if wearing it brings the &#34;oranje&#34; The Cup they have been looking for but denied even better.", "Love it!!!", "Great quality and a great way to celebrate the Netherlands 2014 FIFA national team.", "perfect fitting", "Very comfortable! I enjoy using it as often as I can. Great for leisure walking and is not an eyesore.", "I originally bought these socks at a shoe store because I needed socks to try on sneakers.  They instantly became my favorite.  Now I search high and low to find them.  The tabs help cushion the achilles, they stay put, are vented on top and are food specific.", "Very thin....was hoping for a pair more thick but they do hold you in and are flattering.", "My husband loves these socks.  They keep his feet dry and fit snugly, never drooping. I can't find them in stores.", "Lovely!!", "This outfit is true to size. Great fit.  Ordered the size I normally do. I bought for my granddaughter.  She loves it and looks so cute.", "was great", "Very cute shirt", "Love it !"]