["Very cute and is really practical. Fits better on smaller wrists which is my case. I wear them everywhere. I really love this watch!", "Why isn't Nike making these anymore?  I love this watch, and I get a lot of compliments, questions from people who would like to have one as well.", "good price, very good material and excellent design, very useful for traveling, totally recomendation this use this product, to buy this", "I love this watch, i use every day, every where, to work, to go to the gym, pool, sports, etc. Evething,everywhere, all the time. so Good !", "I totally love this watch. It is much nicer and more beautiful than I thought when I bought it for a very fair price.", "when it arrived, it had a dead battery--SO, I had to invest in a new battery before I could guarantee that the watch was in working order!  Luckily, it was--and now I happily wear it as my \"go-to\" watch.  I love this bangle style--so comfy!", "I own three of these watches. They are perfect for an active lifestyle, water resistant, a chron to time runs or other pursuits, close fitting and sleek so it never gets in the way. I have it in pink and black but this turquoise is my favorite - a great pop of color. They come in different sizes so be sure to get the one that's right for you. Highly recommend this product.", "My best friend has this watch and uses it for her work in the hospital. I loved it, so I got it and use it in the classroom when I'm teaching. It's a cute, comfortable watch and I just love it!", "I have used a similar watch (Arctic Blue) for several years.  I love it.  When I saw the same style in purple...I had to get it.  I have been wearing this watch for a week and it is as good as the last one. They are easy on and off (like a bracelet) and very comfortable to wear.I am always knocking my watches into walls (yes, I'm a klutz) and other than some scratches to the plastic it is fine.  I have worn it in the pool and when I wash dishes and it seems to resist water as advertised.  The battery in my old watch died after 2 years and it only cost $5 to replace at my local watch shop (and I don't live in a big burg).I am by no means a fashion setter.  However, I have gotten many compliments on this watch (and my old one).  I have had baristas at Starbucks remark on it while I was driving through.Great watch at a good price.", "This watch is ideal for a person with a very small wrist.  Looks very nice but is light green not camo, looks more like yellow on my wrist.  Good watch for a young girl.", "I've had several of these watches in various colors and love them. The picture is very misleading.  It is not multicolored, just a nice translucent green. The watch arrived with a dead battery, but Amazon very nicely reimbursed me for the cost of a new battery and now it's running perfectly.", "This is a great little watch for the price. I wear it to work and get lots of compliments. I am tempted to buy it in different colors now :D", "I had great hopes for this watch as I wanted a funky cool change for spring-- the colors do not contrast as much as the photo depiction: I thought it would be really bright yellow swirled with green, but the colors were much more subdued.The description does say 'small ladies..', but I wish there had been dimensions and a picture of it on a model wrist-It's a very tiny watch, but the fit is fine. I just didn't care for it when I realized how small it was on my wrist.", "Very nice watch for a teenager, it has a pretty blue backlight and looks so nice when you wear it.", "I purchased this for one of my teenage daughters as she has small wrists and really liked the look of this watch. It fits very well if you have a small wrist and like cuff type watches. She's very happy with it.", "I've found this watch very nice for a really good price (I needed it fast, so shipment was almost 50% of the watch cost), considering it is a Nike. According to my wife (the one who is using it) it's very comfortable, keeps time OK and the backlume is good (pushing the crown). It's not easy to pull the crown to set time, but not impossible if you have good nails. Anyway, you'll need to do that twice a year. After buying this one, I've bought another one in different color.", "This is a beautiful watch, bigger than I thought it would be, which made me happy. The back light works very well, the shine/glitter it has is beautiful, it doesn't look like too much. It is easy to put on and take off, perfect for workouts. The only bad thing I have to say about this product is that the lifespan of the rubber pieces at the end of the band is Very short and you have no way of getting a replacement, because they are not sold separately. I took mine off and I wear the watch with no rubbers at the ends, its not that ugly you cant even tell actually. All the same Im happy with my purchase, I would recommend it.", "Hello good evening, excellent product quality, comfortable, nice, good wreck 100% recommend them very beautiful, I gusta.soy of Venezuela v", "i have owned one of these nike presto before and i have been thinking of buying a new one. i love these watches! they are so fashionable and i could just collect them in all the colors they have! they last long and work good!", "First I have bought these watches in black colour for myself. I loved them! Then I decided to buy and present them to my friend. She liked these watches very much too! They are very fashionable and stylish!", "This is a great watch.  It is comfortable and waterproof.  I wore out the first one and purchased the exact same one.  Great Product and I always get compliments.", "About the price and product itself I have no complaints - it is nice, different, stylish, but it does not last much, it stopped working after a while of use, like 4 or 5 months.- Just like that, it was not the batteries, I dont know.-Still for the price is OK what it lasted to me.-", "I love this watch.  Easy to wear to work and for every day. It is a great watch.  I wish Nike still was making it.", "Nike Oregon Series Digital Super Watch - Black/Black - WA0024-001I purchased watch as a gift and my husband loved it great price and super fast shipping", "I love the styling of this watch. It is NOT a woman's watch though! I bought it for my wife and kept it for myself when it arrived. Great styling - people comment on it all the time. The band is a pain to take off. Recommend.", "This is the second watch like this I have purchased and both are awesome.  The watch is very comfortable and durable.  I would highly recommend the Oregon series watches.", "This shirt is of good quality and logo of the team is large and striking.", "This was a bday gift for one of my family members, who is of course a flyers fan. It got to him in good timing and he really liked it. So that makes me happy.", "I love this watch and have it in a couple of other colors - when I saw I could get a pink one, I figured that was perfect as I'm a breast cancer survivor. (Don't know why the picture is of a purple watch)! The watch arrived quickly and was carefully packaged.  Love it!  Thanks, B", "My GF loves purple and works in the NICU. This watch is perfect for that and she loves it. It comes off easy and cleans up even easier. Highly recommended.", "I have problems with metal allergies, and I can't wear most watches. The Nike Presto watches I can wear. They are comfortable, and don't cause a rash when I wear them. I have several in different colors. They are attractive, as well, though I like the blue metallic one the best. Nike doesn't make these watches anymore, nor nothing quite like them, that I've found, so get them while you can.", "I've had this watch for over a year now and wear it daily. I love it and the features it provides.", "I bought this watch for my boyfriend for Christmas. He absolutely loves it and wears it all the time! Thanks", "It is oversized for my wrist. It will be fine to wear around but not for running which is what I bought it for. It bounces around too much.", "Great watch, very comfortable, good size , it fits nice, good color, if you have bigger wrist be aware. Thanks", "Im happy with this watch so far. In my type of work I always need a durable watch. I used to be a big timex watch fan, but the last two timex watches I bought were poorly made. My father bought me a timex when I was 15 and the watch was great. I had to replace the straps twice before the watch became obsolete. Then I decided to buy another timex. hence my comment on the last two timex watches I bought. So far this watch is great. The display is huge and is also easily seen at night. The alarm is loud and the controls are easy.", "Ok, so I bought this watch for my Dad for his birthday.  Little did I know that it would come without a battery! Who sells a watch without a battery?! Really?! Then I had to go through the hassell of going to the store, paying the over-priced jewelry guy for a battery. I haven't had the best experience with this watch...However, once I put a battery in it, it works well and the numbers are nice and big and it's pretty user friendly to figure out which buttons control/set which features.", "I was looking for a heart monitor watch and this one doesn't have this function! But for amateur runners like me it's perfect! It has chrono function and stores laps data! It just fits my demand!!! When I become a frequent runner I'll go for the heart monitor!", "The watch is great! Came in a few days and was in brand new condition, as expected.", "This watch is sporty, lightweight, easy to take on and off.  I'm a nurse and wash my hands often so it is truly perfect.  I only wish the second hand was darker (and therefore more visible) which is why I rated it 4 stars.", "I have very small wrists and the bracelet-style of this watch is a great solution. It's comfortable, looks good (not like most sporty watches that all look like men's watches), and doesn't fall off during my gym routine. It is loose, though, so it moves around.Right now, I just need to find replacement batteries for it.", "This watch is great because it's different, comfortable, and simple.  It doesn't have a timer or anything, but it is great for everyday use.  The smooth design keeps you from scratching anyone with it on.  It has come down in price a considerable amount, making it well-worth the price.", "This Nike women's watch has got to be the most comfortable watch I've ever had. You barely notice it's on your wrist, so lightweight and such a great fit. No fumbling with a buckle...it just slips on your wrist with ease. The face of the watch is easy to read, keeps good time, and I have gotten so many compliments on it. This beautiful quartz watch goes with every outfit from dressy to casual. The Nike swoosh right on the watchface really makes it look classy. A smart purchase, and a great price. It's about time you get this watch!", "It's a great watch. I bought a Nike watch about a month earlier, loved it and bought this for a friend. Amazingly sleek, sporty, dressy and elegant, not to mention the fantastic price we got it at (do wait and check out for price variations).Couldn't have asked for more! :)", "My last watch was a nike digital but when I took it to get the battery replaced the jeweler forgot to replace the water barrier and I ended up frying it in our pool. I loved that watch so much so that I ended up going with this Nike to keep it all in the family.It's alot bigger than the other but it has alot more features as well, I have tiny wrists so the bulk does bother me a bit. The features outweigh it though.The compass is self calibrating and I must say that it worked fine for me on a city street as well as a mountain, though I did find that I had to recalibrate it if I moved too far away from when I first set it. It only takes a moment though and was pretty darned accurate compared to my compass.The altimeter worked fine for me too, but I've only used it once while mountain climbing.I'm a runner and I use this watch only sparringly for that since its pretty large. It does have a nice Crono feature for it though.Overall a fine watch! Would certainly recommend.", "Great look, fit very well , you won't remember you have it until you need it , unisex, my wife and me both have used it", "Recieved in good shape and when expected.  Just that the mens size was smaller than I expected.  But still pleased with the purchase.", "The best think about this watch is the steel bracelet...I love nike watchs they're very good, i've 4 nike watchs and they're all good...You can certainly buy this wach you won't regret...I think thats it", "Perfect size gym back for a typical gym locker.  Can hold a pair of sneakers, pants/shorts, towel, and shirts.  Has one compartment for all your shower needs.", "Is my first Nike watch and i love it! Love the color, so easy to put and take it out, it works perfect!", "I love the Nike Presto watches. I currently own three of them in both digital and analog.  It is extremely comfortable and I love that it doesn't have the traditional buckle.  I bought a digital one for my mother who has a hard time seeing an analog watch.  The digital screen is very easy to see, especially for a small sized watch.  I wish Nike would keep making these wonderful watches.", "My wife wears this watch all the time and it never catches on her clothing or anything else she is reaching for.  When it's bedtime for our son, she is able to check the time without turning on the bright lights.  Great find.", "The band may last 12 months or 36 months - thats been my experience - but I keep coming back cause the watch feels good and does what I need.", "This is the first watch I've ever found that actually fits my wrist!  It doesn't slip or slide or need any links taken out.  An eye-catching red it's so light weight and durable.  There are those of us who have very small wrists.  If you are one, this watch is perfect!!!", "This is a really great watch if your into sports. It looks cool and it slips right on like a cuff. There even is a feature if you jog at night the numbers light up with the press of a button. Only draw back is the two plastic pieces at the end of the cuff wear easily and give out way before the watch does.", "These watch has bought for its girlfriend. Such accessory not to find in Russia, Alas Nike does not trade. When she has got and parcel of land, they seemed very small and on baby hand. But each woman paid attention to her hand and I caughted the glances of the mans on her hand. The Product perfect, reliable, stylish. The Price funny, quality excellent. Will Suit for any young girl, which concerns with the sport and active rest. You may be calm for her watch and beauty.Alex", "i think is a really good product for a low price", "I bought this for my 16 year old cousin, and I am sure it is going to be the perfect gift for her ...Pros1) Looks a lot better in real than in the pic..2) The watch material is very good quality , Not quality cheap plastic..3) The packing is very good, and that makes this more attractive as a gift.Cons.Nothing obivious.", "Very nice and comfortable golf shoes!! This was the only place I could find these to fit me. Will look again if I ever need any.", "These shoes lived up to my hopes after seeing the pictures on Amazon. The leather could be a little higher quality, it does have a slightly fake quality to it. I would pay a lot more for shoes that had this exact styling, but upgraded leather. All in all, they are a good value and look excellent. I've only worn them 15 times or so, but they still look great and are very comfortable.", "I purchased these as a gift for my son.  He loved them.  They fit well, he thought they were well made and would hold up in the rain and he loved the style", "They fit, they are fairly priced, the quality is great, they work like a charm, they have interchangeable (non-metallic) spikes, and they are EXTREMELY comfortable. Most golf shoes I've work (mostly Lovejoys), are not exactly comfortable, especially when playing from the tips walking a 7000 yard course, but these bad boys give you the comfortability as well as the utility in an overall great pair of golf shoes.Bottom line: been playing nearly 15 years, gone through over a dozen shoes, and these are it - and for the price I KNOW you won't beat it. Buy now.", "GREAT GOLF SHOES LOVE THEM A A A A A A A A A A A  A A A A+", "This item was a birthday gift for my husband. He loves them! He said they were about the most comfortable golf shoe he had ever wore and even after 18 holes of golf, his feet felt great! Thank you!", "Very nice look & feel to the shoe. Soft comfortable sole. Now if only my swing would feel as comfortable as my feet felt during my tournament.", "As comfortable if nor more than foot joy dryjoys. Have played a few rounds no issues.  Might have to take time to remove cleats to verify they are standard one twist", "I was looking at more expensive shoes but thought I would give these a try. Great for a second pair of golf shoes and nice for the price.", "Great looking and really good feeling shoes.  They are stable and comfortable.  It's like playing in sneakers with the look of playing in tour shoes.", "Just started playing golf, and I'm getting a little more serious about, so I wanted to pick up a pair of shoes for golfing. I'm in my 20's, so I wanted something a little more modern for a golf show design, and Nike pretty much hit the nail on the head with this one. Its modern enough, but still classy. The shoes are pretty comfortable, and I was able to get pretty much the same size I wear for street shoes.I must have used them 3 or 4 times (got them at the end of my season), and overall, I was pretty happy with them!", "Very satisfied with the performance of the shoe in the field. Great fit, stability, and support when you need it. an excellent everyday golf shoe for all sportsters who swing the iron.", "The shoes fit perfect. I love them glad I didnt pay attention to the comments about them being to narrow.", "Great fit your just have to buy a 1/2 size higher. The shoe very comfortable and grips well....its truly an all weather shoe and its cleans easily.", "comfortable low profile shoes that are great for holing you to the ground. Like the feel and certainly the price. Would recommend to golfers who don't want to spend a lot of $$, but want a nice shoe", "I purchased these as a surprise for my boyfriend and he loves them. Says they are very comfy and have even improved his golf. The smile on his face when he opened them was worth all 5 stars!!", "Fast Shipping and was excellent deal.  So far I have only worn it once, and it felt great.  Didn't help the golf game though.  I do recommend this purchase.", "Great shoes for an excellent price.  The fit was perfect and the swoop was a bit darker than expected but in a good way.", "Great shoes and my grandson loves them and will help him with his golf.  He now no longer uses my shoes.", "Very pleased with how easy it was.  Purchase arrived in a very timely fashion...shoes fit very well cant wait to use them this spring.", "Made out of cheap material in an effort to keep weight/cost down. No natural place for the upper to bend when you step. I wouldn't recommend these shoes.The spikes are good, and the shoes look great though", "Best shoes I have ever owned.  They look amazing!! And, they feel and fit perfectly.  I would buy again and again.", "Excellent Shoes, very comfortable and nice. This case is wide and smooth when you are walking with tem. Really recommended", "Good quality shoe that fit as expected. Shoe was purchased for my father and he loved the look and style of the shoe", "These fit perfect and no break in period. I'm very happy with the comfort and looks of this shoe. The water repellant feature works very well as I have played in wet conditions and stayed dry each time.", "I think it is a great golf shoe. comfortable and very functional, it does it's job. Hower, I am glad I read the reviews and got it a 1/2 size bigger (11.5 vs 11)...As it is it fits perfectly. The price is very good too. I think it is one of the better deals on golf shoes out there...", "Nike Men's Air Rival Golf Shoe is the perfect shoe. It fit well and is very comfortable. I have not had a chance to play in them since I am currently in Upstate NY. But I would recommend this shoe to anybody. Just make sure you buy a 1/2 size bigger.", "I purchased these for my husband, a new golfer. He says they are comfortable, and they look really sharp! These make a great gift or purchase for the younger 20somthing or 30something guy who does not want to look out of place with more \"distinguished\" looking golf shoes!", "I order the Nike Golf Men's Air Rival Golf Shoe. What I got was the one that looks like the one in your advertising. Even though, that I did not get the right shoes, I am still good with what I got. Both shoes look very much alike, but I also like the ones I got. They fit me well and i think I won't have any issues with them. I got the shoes within 3 day's which was great. If I had to do it again, I would. Thanks, hopefully I will be making more purchases with you again.", "I'm a total amateur that's starting to understand the way the game is played, instead of just swinging a club on the golf course. I wanted to buy some shoes, and these are perfect for someone like me. Good grip, great quality, stylish to boot! I would highly recommend it also because it has options for wider sizes for someone with great big duck feet like me!", "Very nice shoes.  Might want to size up .5 your normal size.  Plenty of comments about them on the league I play on and walking in the shoes out of the box did not hurt my feet.  They are comforable and I can't wait until they are \"broke in\".", "For the money these shoes are the way to go!  Great fit, true to size for me (size 12), and very comfortable.  After 18 my feet feel great!", "Purchased this as a Christmas gift for my cousin as he just started picking up golf as a sport. The package arrived on time and the shoes were the kind my cousin was looking for.", "It is better than I thought.Size and design is good.It has air cushion.when I play a golf in long time, I think it is good.", "The shoes arrived just in time for a scheduled round of golf. The shoes were very comfortable and did not require any breaking in. They have a very good grip on the tee boxes without feeling like you're going to rip your ankle off when you pivot. I am very happy with my purchase.", "Just about right for the price and actually it is exaclty what I was looking for, fits perfectly, great for the field and great looking as well. Thank you very much.", "So glad I bought these. They are extremely comfortable and worth the price which is reasonable. Shipped quick and the shoes look great and fit well. Awesome golf shoes!", "These shoes turned out to be a very pleasant surprise.  Excellent fit and comfort with everything you would expect from a Nike product.", "The appearance of these shoes is really nice. They look great like most Nike shoes do. But you better hope to be playing on real dry grass. The smallest amount of moisture and your feet are soaked. Very disappointed cause I really liked these shoes but you may as well be barefoot with how wet they get. Must be because they are synthetic leather. Look for shoes that are genuine leather and say water proof.", "I find these shoes superior to another pair of Nike' golf shoes I previously owned.  They fit well and are very comfortable.  I have really enjoyed them.", "THESE FIT PERFECT AND LOOK AWESOME, THEY ARE COMFORTABLE ON MY FEET AND AN EXCELLENT SHOE FOR GOLF, AND THEY LOOK GOOD TOO.", "I have had these shoes for 3 months now and am really pleased with them!!! They are so comfortable and keep my feet dry during wet conditions. Highly recommend them!! Excellent price!!", "Previoulsy, i had one of those classic golf shoes that i liked very much. But since it was very old, i decided to try out one of the new golf shoes that look like a cross training shoes. It was the best thing i did ffor my game since i started. The shoes are very durable yet flexible. They feel very comfortable. I really like & recommend those shoes for all golfers who want to look & play a good game", "Comfortable fit.  Wore in the ocean and pool and worked great", "This watch is so good, have style and is fine to use daily, but the strap is so hard and dont have any support or ring, to keep of the movement when i do any activity.", "This is a great watch. It has so many features, but usable ones. I love that I can fall asleep with it on, but the face is dark until I back light it. Perfect for my lifestyle.", "They copied off of Kobe's  shoes. The nike zoom atteroes on the other hand it has really good ankle support.The shoes foam will rip if it skidded.", "Like many things I shop for on Amazon, I was looking for a pair of basketball shoes that were a good value.  For $63 shipped, I found that with theses Nike ZOOM ATTERO basketball shoes.I've worn them one time so far.  The cushioning was good and I felt they breathed pretty well.  I was impressed that my feet weren't that sorry the morning after even though I played in them for an hour and a half the first time wearing them.  The toe box provides more room than I'm accustom to from a basketball show.  That isn't a bad thing.There are so many models of basketball shoes out there these days.  I wanted a quality pair for under $100 and these have delivered.  There are also some cool colorways but this one was the cheapest.", "amazing fit and it is so comfortable! didn't try this on before so i chose my side and it is true to fit.", "they was right on the money with this one, everything was what they said about the shoes  in size, ect.", "This is the best shoe I have ever had. It's great looking, and wears like iron. Like you I have had many shoes, but this shoe is my pick.  You won't be sorry if you get a pair.", "Shoes arrived clean and laced up, ready to go!  They were in excellent condition from the box.  They are very comfortable to wear.", "I've boughten and gone through two pair of these in a row. I haven't found any that I like the style, fit, or feel, better! Nike ... please bring these back into production!!!!!", "Very pretty smart and tough, I hope to continue shopping at amazon, I love the Nike brand, are very nice and comfortable, but not the device inlucye orange. be added. Stylish and quality thanks.", "My lady got these as a gift.  I really like these shoes. I will drop hints about another pair I like.", "I've had it for over a year now, and it's running strong, it's taken a beating on sports, cycling, basketball, drinking binges, beach, rivers, lakes, and it's still pretty much unscathed, not a scratch, not even a battery change.", "Just as expected. This pair is perfect for work and are very comfortable. Great price and great product. Very nice.", "They are very comfortable and I've gotten lots of compliments from people. If you're looking for a good trainer or just a comfortable shoe to wear look no further.", "Normally my friend wears a size 11, so I bought these the same size even though I knew it's tricky to buy shoes online, and the result is you could fit an entire thumb in the back of the shoes once he tried them on, so be careful about that, otherwise, great purchase!", "I'm a valet attendant, and since I'm running all the time, I go through running shoes pretty quickly. I went Through 4 pairs in a year before I bought Nike's, and this one has been the best so far! really comfortable, fits great, I feel like I can run on these a whole shift!", "bought these for supportive shoes after our daughter had ankle surgery. Great fit, great price, seem to be holding up well!", "awesomeeee shoes they are really comfortable and beautiful, They are one of my best collection of shoes, you are a bomb with this pair.", "Great shoes, received in excellent condition. Got a .5 size larger for a better fit. They fit fantastic and are very durable. Definitely recommend as an outdoor running shoe", "Is is a good shoe, I was playing football and I needed something comfortable for when we ran sprints and miles. Good fit and very comfortable.", "Received these shoes and instantly fell in love.  They fit perfect and look amazing!!!  I've gotten more compliments on these than any other shoes I've had and plan on getting more.  The only complaint... they are not the highest quality shoe as they price would entail... but after 1 week the inside swoosh logo started to peel off.  Yep... the white swooshes are iron on and are susceptible to falling off.  Going to exchange for a new pair and hopefully they don't do the same.", "I really like the Nike Revolution 2 shoes. I run an average of 3 miles a day and have no complaints about this line. Great shoes for the price!", "fit somewhat tight but as expected! great buy, fast shipping and cheap price.", "My teenage son is a fan of Nike shoes.  I myself do not buy Nike footwear but he thinks they are very comfortable, stylish and this color of gray hides a lot!  They will look new for quite some time due to the nice dark gray color!", "good product", "My dad loved his father day gift. Perfect size, color and style. He wears them everyday. He said it feels like his walking on water.", "I was a little hesitant about buying sneakers online, fearing I might end up with some fakes. But nah these are legit, good build, good quality. COLORS look great together and they are so light. Recommend these sneakers. Stylish and great for running.", "Since I purchased goods I need in Amazon, I think everything is good except COMBO SET YONEX Badminton. It should be arrived October 31. Because I did not receive it, I have to change my weekend plan.", "Looked better than i expected it fit wonderful and very cumffy u should buy best shoe good price why not", "I have a lot of pairs of running shoes, and these are a nice addition to my collection. To me, they feel like a more casual shoe, than a pure running shoe, so I wear them to the gym when I'm going to loft. I use my Ascics or Pumas to run in.Shoe is well constructed and looks great. Size may run a fraction small. I wear a ten and a half,but probably should have got an eleven.A really nice shoe that is well worth the money.", "My husband said they are very comfortable and easy to walk in, which he does a lot of. They also look really nice on him. Great buy!", "They are very comfortable, they look exactly the same in the picture. My son was very happy and will buy another pair later.", "These shoe gives good support for short distance running. I usually use this when I do less than 5 miles. They are very comfortable and provide excellent protection against pounding on the pavement. For longer distance, I will recommend the lunarglide (below) insteadhttp://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B008E0U3ZK/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&camp;=1789&creative;=390957&creativeASIN;=B008E0U3ZK&linkCode;=as2&tag;=nealo10a-20", "The fit and overall feel of these shoes are fantastic !! I would buy they again and recommend them to my friends as well", "These shoes are great for exercising even running if that suits you. Great support, durable and my other half has had no exercise associated pain with these.", "These are really comfortable shoes. I've been needing new shoes and although they didn't fit as well as my other shoes of the same size I'm pleased with what I got.", "Very nice shoes...my son loved the color and comfort and the lite weight. Would recommend this shoe to everyone  that's looking for a nice running shoe.", "I got these for my husband and he liked them. Theyre a lot lower than expected at the ankle, He thought they would be slightly higher. The material is not one you can get dirt off easily but looks nice, theyre very comfortable and shipped out super fast! Overall good shoes for the price!", "Nike Men's NIKE REVOLUTION 2 RUNNING SHOES 11 Men US (BLACK/WHITE/VARSITY). I use them to go to the gym every day and the quality is superior from other running shoes. They are extremely light.", "excellent quality, are accurate to the picture showing, Super Light, wonderful finish, ideal for walking barefoot seems to cushion the impact, recommended 100%", "Stylish, great fit. Wish the one in the orange trim wasn't so expensive (and what's this all about that different colors have different prices?) One thing- if you've been wearing poorly fit / too large sneakers and then you put on a shoe that's the correct size, expect to have to get used to it. ;)", "I love everything about these shoes, the color and how comfortable they fit. Just order 1/2&#34; more since they run a bit small. Other than that, fantastic. First product I give five stars.", "Now, with Nike shoes make sure to add a half size i.e. If you are 8.5 then order a 9.  These shoes are light, really comfortable with great heel cushioning, and they look great. Perfect for jogging, gym, cross training, or going out. Very happy with my purchase", "I love hess shoes. I do Taebo and run daily. These shoes are really light weight and can take a beating. They are really good!", "Good", "super comfy! best shoes I've bought in quite some time! nice and light, good breathability and comfortable right out of the box- no breaking in required!", "My boyfriend really love it,Those are a comfortable pair of shoes, really soft like a cloud on your feet", "Stylish, great fit. Wish the one in the orange trim wasn't so expensive (and what's this all about that different colors have different prices?) One thing- if you've been wearing poorly fit / too large sneakers and then you put on a shoe that's the correct size, expect to have to get used to it. ;)", "very good, I am very satisfied with my purchase, recommended. compren sin duda.compren sin duda.compren sin duda.compren sin duda.compren sin duda.", "very good tennis, I love the nike brand is very good quality and presentation. I recommend it. would return to buy this brand.", "The price was perfect and the shoes are very confortable. The packaging was in perfect conditions. It is a very reliable product.", "Can't really complain about these shoes - they were relatively cheap, comfortable and semi-stylish.. I'd definitely buy another pair of these when they wear out.", "I gave these shoes 5 stars because I really like the way they look and feel, very comfortable and very light weight, I'm not into running, I just like something comfortable on my feet and they also look good, I would recommend these shoes to anyone who likes a quality walking or running shoe at a reasonable price.", "perfect", "I am pretty active after my 9-5 with wight lifting, running, circuit traing and these shoes have been put through a lot in a few months and are still in great shape.  Nike Rev 2 are extremeley comfortable and look great, which is an added bonus.", "Very nice fit and comfortable.  Some zzNike different styles run bigger.  This style fits good.  Color is great and tjlhe shoe is nice and light.", "I FOUND THESE AND ORDERED THEM IN 2 DIFFERENT COLORS. MY SON LOVED THEM&#8230;THE PRICE WAS GREAT. HE LOVES THE FIT. THEY ARE LIGHTWEIGHT AND COMFORTABLE. I WILL DEFINITELY BE ORDERING MORE...", "IT DOES NOT FEEL GREAT RUNNING COMPARES TO SHOES WITH SHOCKS . IT FELT FLAT LIJE WEARING SANDALS. BOO BOO", "The fit is excellent.  The style is great.  It is just the shoe for my workouts in the neighborhood. Now for ice melting on the sidewalks.", "I went into this purchase blind and just hoped that it would work out.  I was more than pleasantly surprised.  These shoes are great and I love the fit. I have wide feet and it didn't matter.  They fit perfect.  I bought these for running shoes but they look great for casual shoes as well. I'd highly recommend.", "Nice confort , perfect size and incredible soft to run.the timing was pefect and the model is veru beautiful and classic", "I got totally pleased about this. I recommend it, on time like they said and everything was ok. Very good!", "Purchased as a gift.  Shoe fit very comfortably.  Recipient LOVED them.  Found new faith in buying shoes online.  Thanks.  Love it", "It was great and my son was happy with his new Nike revolution shoes 10.5 men white color bought in amazon", "I wore them within ten minutes of delivery.  Normally I don't do that, but they looked &#34;cool&#34;, so I did.They fit great and have good arch support.  As I am writing this, I think I'll see about getting a second pair.I know it won't take long and it's cheaper than the stores I was at.", "Awesome just what I ordered nike always has the best shoes Adidas suck because the are not nike quality shoes!", "Great fit for my feet. Wish they were a little higher but I expect that with running shoes.Love the color also.", "The color is great, which is what attracted me to these shoes. Comfy & Light.  Nice fit, as always Nike shoes are the best in comfort.  Good job Nike!", "The shoe looks just as it does in the picture. Nike is always a good brand, so I thought the price was very reasonable. My husband is fairly conservative in his style, and he thought these shoes were perfect. Very happy with this purchase!", "The Nike Revolution 2 is a good shoe for light running days (1-3 miles). I have been training in this shoe for 2 (winter) months. The shoe is light weight, the fit is good, the sole is a little stiff (I like that). The stitching is good and I have not experienced any rubbing points inside the shoe.  I would recommend this shoe to a friend who is looking for a light duty training shoe, also order the shoe a 1/2&#34; larger than your normal shoe size.", "I've only taken these out running about 3 times so far, but I've liked them. They are comfortable and are doing the job so far. They look better than i expected from the pictures. These are a worthwhile running shoe at a great price.", "Nice styling. Like the bright lacings. Seem to be fine when running .Good value for the money. Easy to put on...", "I've gone jogging three times since I got this pair. I wish they were a couple centimeters longer. Otherwise great value.", "Love the fit and the shoes R all that was expected. Never had so many compliments. Look forward to my next pairThx", "I like everything about them they fit really good I would buy another pair I like them a lot .", "It's tough to find a great running shoe.  I've been told throughout life that asics, new balance, and pumas were ideal.  They're not. Not even the specialty running shoe stores gave me what I needed.  These are inexpensive and simple.  I'm not a long distance runner but for 3 miles a day these are perfect.", "They fit right my father love them! The are very nice! They are very comfortables for walk! He like them!", "Excellent shoes! Light and sturdy, fit true to size. Recommended.", "These shoe gives good support for short distance running. I usually use this when I do less than 5 miles. They are very comfortable and provide excellent protection against pounding on the pavement. For longer distance, I will recommend the lunarglide (below) insteadhttp://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B008E0U3ZK/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&camp;=1789&creative;=390957&creativeASIN;=B008E0U3ZK&linkCode;=as2&tag;=justckem-20", "Bought it for running.. However, for 8.5 size, I feel its little tight and not as per the size.. but it gives good comfort... I suggest if anyone wants to buy the size 8.5 for this model, better take 9.0 size..", "Great shoe .... Better than what I expected! Great fit and also very comfortable! I would recommend to anybody! &#128077;&#128077;", "Ordered these for my son (he outgrew his boys size 7 over the summer!) Ordered a mens 8 and it fits perfectly! These are awesome shoes! I am going to order another pair! Great seller!", "These were true to the size, my husband liked them and the price was right, I would recommend them to people.", "I think my brother gonna like it. So happy that I ordered it, and it is so affordable, I will recommend this one", "I love it, it is cool and comfortable. and the size fit as expected. and i claim the mail quickly.", "The shoes are very comfortable and light and they really meet my expectations. Very recommendable for training  and short runnings.", "Very comfortable shoe. Wore these for a half marathon and they were awesome. I would definitely recommend these to others.", "Because they arrived in perfect conditions, were fit perfect and I like it because they look like I saw them in the picture.", "Great shoes for the price, I work out 5 days a week doing weights and cardio. They are comfortable and cool looking, I received several compliments.", "Its a pretty good shoe, to buy if you are looking for a pair of shoes to wear, if you are looking for running or another thing they are to soft. But its a confortable ahoe to wear.. I suggest it to everybody.", "love them they are comfortable, light weight, and the colors are great, i recommend these sneakers to any sneaker lovers...", "good colors and good design, a very fair price, and i feel the shoes very confortables for jogging and walking", "I have found men's sneakers fit me better than women's (I wear a 13.5 or 14 in women's - I'm 6 feet tall).  These are so comfortable and narrower than some men's sneakers - so they fit me great.", "Good running shoes to consider. It's light and fits well into the feet if you order the correct size. It's &#34;Nike&#34; at the end of the day", "great fit, comfortable, delivered on time. was looking for a comfortable gym shoe for my 15 year old, and these shoes were perfect.", "I really like Nike shoes and clothing. I'm comfortable with the shoes. It is good stuff to buy. I love nike and I wish to get discount from them.", "Just what I needed. A quality shoe, good looking, well built & reasonably priced. the packaging was perfect. No Issues at all will buy again from this vendor, & this type of shoe.", "They are great shoes for me to where anywhere and work in them numerous days a week.  They are nice and comfortable and never hurt my feet.  Great shoes and nice price too!", "Nice shoes!", "Gr8 fit, and feel. gr8 color combinations a very style strong shoe enjoying them. Would like to see more color combinations.", "so far these have worked out although they are a bit tight and I ordered them half a size up so that was weird but other than that I really love these they are light and really an awesome brand I have always liked Nike because of there great quality and low price amazing shoes definitely would recommend them :)", "i really like", "I can never find cool looking sneakers in wides in 13's.Oh wait i did.These are nice just fit snug.", "These are a good looking pair of shoes, they fit well and feel pretty good and for a good price. My right foot doesn't fit as well but I can't decide if it's due to my feet or the shoe.", "This shoe has been wonderful! Very light and durable and the price was unbeatable! I run three miles a day 5 days,I would highly recommend getting this shoe.", "Very light and comfortable !!!! Great everyday shoe for walking,running. The shoe is so light until you don't know it's on your feet.", "I heard reviews that Nike Revolution was not a commercial success. But when I saw this and read other users' review, I strongly felt like buying a pair. It has been 3 days since I m wearing them and I m loving it. People compliment for the great colors. A good product, if you are looking for running shoes in this range, I say go for Nike Revolution.", "nike quality, feels and look great ! i use them as a everyday kind of shoes and no regrets whats o ever !", "Very nice shoe and comfortable.", "I love e The colors are very nice. Best quality. Nike is confortable sneakers and is perfect for running. Is very light and fit as expected. The Price is good. I received them on time.Thanks!", "Awesome product , thanks", "i can train for hours and the shoes are still coolone of the best running shoes i had compare to all other brandsi guess nike fits me the best it like they were made for me", "excellent shoes, great quality and service, are as expected and i love this make are comfortable and cool. 100% quality", "I bought these as a gift for my husband, and as soon and he cracked open the box he loved these shoes! When he put them on he loved them even more. You can not beat them for the price and quality!", "I have never had a problem with buying Nike. These are great for walking and running. Very comfortable and great cushioning", "I purchased this as a gift for Christmas so I cannot comment on the shoe as of yet.  But I really like the looks and colors and I think my son will like it too.", "Got em for my hubbys birthday. He loves the darn things, super light weight, comfortable, easy to walk in. He has PAD so make walking on his left leg a whole lot easier.", "These shoes have classic Nike good looks and are real head turners - very sharp. This makes a great running shoe. They do tend to run about half a size small so it's best to order slightly larger.", "Good fit!", "It was for my hubby.He love them.His favorite color is red.So now he got red. lol.So try them they are nice and not expensive to enjoy.The simple things.", "I purchased this pair to replace my old trusted pair for training. I really enjoy them as it makes walking very comfortable and they handle my two mile runs very well. I also wore these for my Police Job Standard test and they performed admirably. I never slipped nor lost footing during the test. I would highly recommend these running shoes to anyone.", "I bought these shoes originally for just wearing to the gym and playing tennis in.  But these babies are so stylish and comfortable I often wear them out on the town.", "Just as the title says, it's a great shoe! I need more support for more feet than what a lot of other running shoes nowadays offer (especially in the arch), and this shoe definitely delivers.The seller, shoozforu, is also fantastic and quickly accepted a free return of a larger pair of the same shoe without any questions!", "It's like walking on air. These are so comfortable to wear and I love running in these! I've gotten so many compliments on these shoes as well.", "Good Shoes, meet my expectations, color is right, they are confortable and can be worn at the gym and at play", "I did measure my foot and it was 27 cmi orderd consequently in USA size but it should have been 1/2 size bigger to be perfect", "this product is great nice design of the shoe and fits just right good for running and also for walking", "Its a nice shoes feet exactly.. That was gift of  my brother.. I love the brand NIke...The other one gift to mu husband.. He really like it then say thank several times..His so happy.", "Nice shoe, nice fit, Looks like a tennis ball got murdered to make the laces, so they'll see you coming. Wide Nikes fit me well, I can't wear the regular size, which isn't true for any other company so I was glad to get these in wide.", "Nice looking watch and my boyfriend loves it.I appreciate recieving this product on a timely manner.", "Great for playing sports or working out. Its small, it does its job, and comfortable.", "I love this watch and I wear it from Memorial Day to Labor Day.  I wish I could find it in clear.", "I really enjoy the sunglasses. Fit my nose and ears well and do a great job. I would recommend these to anyone looking for Nike sunglasses.", "I forgot that I purchased these through Amazon. They lasted about 5 years of rugged use (beach volleyball, canoe trips, daily wear).  A great lens with wonderful sun blocking ability for my face.  I still keep them around even though they are scratched beyond use and the rubber ends to the earpieces are gone.", "Perfect fit, look, quality. Great for every day use including jogging or sports.So comfortable I forget I am wearing them!", "this watch is quite large, and the battery does not last long, but it's an excellent watch", "The little metal nike swoosh on the band came out after few uses at the gym.  The blue band turned kind of rusty around the metal area of the watch case, apparently because the sweat.  Looks good when new, feels good, still.", "It has the basics as far as for what I need. Time, date, lap timing, data record, etc. The watch face is angled a little funny and I don't really think it's made for the left handed person that wears a watch on the right wrist. It's ok but just as good as my $10 walmart watch.", "I love the timing features of this watch, but the band could be better. After only about 3 uses the buckle broke off, I was able to fix it, but if it breaks again, and I cant fix it, there is no way to replace just the band. It was very nicely packaged and would be great for gift giving. I use the box it came in to sit the watch in when I'm not using it.", "This watch is perfect for working out!  I love it!  I just wish that you did not have to press the button to turn the beep sound all the time! :D", "I bought this as a gift for my youngest daughter's birthday. She absolutely loves it! Of course my oldest daughter is demanding one of her own now!!", "It was a present to my sister and she claims that it's worth value and also says it's a good watch but it is smaller than she thought.", "So far this is a sharp looking, durable watch. My grandsons figured out how to use all the bells and whistles and are very proud of their new watches.", "The watch works perfect. Great for anyone looking for a great watch to wear while working out. It is comfortable enough to be worn at the gym, or nice enough to wear to the office.", "wow!!! what a great watch.  At first when I got it I thought it was a little hard to understand, but I studied it all night and finally figured it out.  I gave this product 5 stars because it is cool, worthwhile, and works like a charm!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", "My son, who is in middle school, loves this watch. The angle makes it easy to see, and it is pretty durable. It is a little hard to push the button for the light, but otherwise a great watch for kids.", "My grandson loved the Nike watch I gave him....it was a good purchase and the \"in\" thing for a sports minded boy!", "It is a very nice looking watch and my 10yr old son likes it very much", "Overall I like this but most of the time in order to even see the time you have to turn on the backlight.  Otherwise, its a nice size and easy to use.", "Bought it for my ten-year-old brother, and he loved it! Not only it has a different look, it has many neat options like background light, a few alarms, stop-watch, and - what he liked the most - you can dive with them! And since we have a pool and he always dives to the bottom, now he can do it with his \"cool\" watch on. He really liked it and I feel like a cool sister!", "I purchased this for my 9 year old son as a Christmas gift.  Although, he says that he loves the watch, it is very hard to read the display in normal conditions.  Otherwise, it's is a nice watch with good functionality.  The water resistance of 50M is good, too.", "I loved the look of this watch that was on Amazon.com and ordered it.  When I received it, the watch barely fit my wrist.  After further investigation on other sites (primarily nike.com), I found out it was a KIDS watch.  This is not noted anywhere on this site.  It is only listed under the \"MENS\" category.  Looks like my 12 year old will be getting another Christmas present, becuase I really don't want the hassle of returning it.It is a very nice watch, though.  My son loves it.", "I originally recieved this watch for Xmas and I had it out of the box for 10 seconds and the orange button on the face of the watch fell off.  I returned it for the same watch and I have only been wearing it on runs for 3 weeks.  I got home and the lower left button fell off.  The watch is great with all of the functions it has but as far as realiabilty I would not recommend this watch.", "The quality is not up to par.  I have returned the Nike Triax 50 model two times.The first one worked fine but the rubber started separating from the body.  Nike replaced the watch without problems.The replacement worked during one workout.  Before the next workout, I went to set the intervals but it got stuck in one screem.  It is now stuck in what appears to be the clock or alarm setting mode as the screen shows 12:00.  I cannot get it to change screens or anything for that matter no matter which button I press.  I am returning it once again.", "Beware. My Nike watch worked great, but after a year the band broke where it connects to the watch housing.  To my surprise Nike does not sell band replacements.  Watch still works, but now I can't wear it.  Get ready to buy a new watch if you want to have a Nike one.  I won't be among you.", "I had my Nike Triax Speed 50 Super Watch # WR0083-002 watch for less than 1 year.  The watch band broke where it attaches to the watch frame.  I love the watch and it's been working great, however I can not find a replacement band.  Not a good product if Nike is not going to provide support for the consumer.", "what a hassle. i've had it 9 months, and not worn it frequently, and the band just breaks. part pinned in to the face has the rubbery material break into pieces. ugh! i would expect it from a $10 watch, but not $100. my sports watch i bought at target works better! do not recommend.", "The watch itself is GREAT but too large for a woman's wrist so I had to return it. But amazon, as always, made it very easy to return.", "I'm extremely pleased with the Nike Midsize Triax Speed 50 Super. (Wow, what a mouthful!)I've found it difficult to find a watch appropriately styled for a man, but in a size that would fit my slim wrists. As a runner, I don't exactly have a beefy build, and all the other watches I've had have practically been sliding all the way up my arm, even on their smallest fit. However, the Midsize Triax is PERFECT. It's not constricting, but it's certainly not going anywhere.As far as function is concerned, it does everything I need it to, from giving me my interval timing, to splits and laps, to just, well... Telling me the time and date like a good watch should!The only gripe I have with it is that the backlight doesn't light up the display very well in medium-low light. I can see it fine in daylight, and with the backlight in dark, but in medium light, everything sort of blends together.Overall, a great value, though.", "I ordered this watch because I love the style of Nike watches and this one was a great price.  Since the watch was midsize and had a unisex band, I thought it would work for me.  The watch looked great, but was too big for my wrist.  It's a great value for a men's watch.", "This is a good deal for the price I paid on Amazon. Even with $8.00 in shipping I still managed to save $15.00 compared to the local sporting good store. Don't lose the instructions you'll need them to get started.", "Awesome watch.  5 stars.  Does everything I expected and looks good doing it.", "I bought the watch on monday and got it on Saturday. Very good delivery!", "I've only taken this watch on about 5 runs (3-4 miles each).  So far it has stayed comfortable and hardly noticeable during each run.  Easy to switch between clock and timed-run modes.  The lap function is nice when you know where your mile markers are and it is easy to hit the button while on the move.  The display is nice and large so it's easy to see.  I haven't run at night, so I cannot comment on the lighting function.Overall, I'm satisfied with the first month of ownership of this watch.  If the band holds up for a decent amount of time, I'd consider giving it a 5-star rating.", "Be really short to save your time, the piece is,1. Super light and slim, 2. elegantly designed, 3. easy to use with 4 buttons, 4. idea for track runners. Cons, the button is not that easy to press - when I am marking a lap.", "I was looking for a watch that was easy to read when I run in low light conditions in the early morning, so the huge clear face on this one is what initially attracted me.  The numbers are so large and clear that you can read this quickly in the water, so it an excellent watch for swimmers and triathletes as well as for runners.Once I started using it, I quickly realized that this is also the best engineered athletic watch I've ever owned.  The on-screen instructions make it easy to use all of the functions without having to refer back to the paper instructions.  That alone would make this more useful than most athletic watches.For me, the interval timer is also particularly nice.  I hate having to continually try to figure out when I should start the next segment when I'm doing a walk/run with odd length intervals.  With the interval timer is very easy to create an interval of several separate segments of different length and just have the watch beep me to remind me to start the next segment.  It keeps track of how many cycles also, so I know when the workout is over.  You don't realize how much energy goes into trying to keep track of all the details of your routine until you have something like this to keep track of them for you.I don't even use the main feature of this watch very often, the 50 lap running timer, or the data feature, and it is still well worth every cent just for its ease of use, ease of reading, and elegant feature set.This is the first athletic watch I've had that lets me focus on the workout more than the mechanics of using the watch, and for that I give it my highest recommendation.  A superb mixture of features and ease of use.", "These are great watches. They are not as big as men's watches, since they are unisex, but still GREAT-LOOKING.RECOMMENDED!", "Nothing fancy, but I love it. I have worn it every day for the past 5 yrs. Love the crystal face.", "This watch has been literally all over the world from the top of mountains to the bottom of the ocean.  Great watch.", "Other than being a little big, this watch works great and is easy to use.Update 12-Nov-13: Although I didn't use the functions on this watch extensively over the last five years, the original battery lasted up until a couple weeks ago.  Very satisfied with this watch.", "I love this watch, I use it all the time while working out. If you don't need all the new things like GPS then this is the watch for you.", "I bought the watch to time myself in running and swimming for training. This nike watch is very easy to use.What I like about it is you could save lap times. I could have gone with a less inexpensive watch but I bought it more for the quality and the name.", "I like the watch and I use it on all my runs, but I never use all the features because the directions were so complicated that it's hard to remember what button should be pushed when running on top of the fact that the reset button is poorly places, so once you get everything going as you want you stand a good chance of erasing your progress. Perhaps, I don't really need this much watch, but it would be nice to easily use the features I've paid for. The watch itself however looks nice on and is comfortable.", "I bought this watch as a gift for my husband.  He loves running with it.  The numbers are big enough to see while he is running, the buttons are large and easy to push, and the functions are great and easy to learn.  If you like to track your time and progress while running,  this is a great watch.", "I LOVE this watch. It is very easy to operate - much easier than any other sports timing watch I tried. Nice big numbers. Up to 5 intervals for training. Very happy with my purchase.", "This is a great watch.  I wear it on all of my runs and around town.  It's got a nice big display and it looks bad@ss.", "One more great job from Nike. This watch is jut perfect for its price range", "I absolutely love the look and function of this watch. The first one I bought the band broke within 2days of using it and my sister's broke the day she got it.  I returned it and replaced it with the same style watch from Nike in a different color and that one lasted 3 months before it broke!  Should have learned my lesson the first time!!! have read many reviews on other websites of this watch breaking too.", "Thank you very much.  Great price and fast shipping.  Just what I needed.", "I purchased this watch because of Nike's reputation and the sale price at the time (43).  From May to October the watch was perfect.  Didn't get scratched even when I really hit the glass against a wall or metal. I lift weights, run, swim and play many sports and the watch was holding up great until one day the end of one strap where the clasp is, just ripped and the metal clasp fell out.  Now the watch is useless and the weakness of the strap is very apparent now.  It was sent to repair but I have a feeling they are going to charge more than half the purchase price just for the end of one strap.", "This watch is very light and moves well with you in high action sports.I like the design of the band also.Robert JungLexington,KY", "Great entry level running watch..i purchased it about a year ago..the watch is very easy to use..i actually now also use it when i ride my mountain bike..since its more natural to look at my wrist for the time..the big display helps...the band is thing but its a light watch so all around a goo buy for its purpose", "Very pleased with the watch and the timely manner in which it was delivered.", "This has turned out to be a really good watch.  I got it instead of a Timex due to the scratch-resistant face.  I've had it for several months and the face still looks like new.  The lap feature works well and is very easy to use.  Only drawback is that there is no timer.  For the entry-level model though, this is a very good buy.", "I took a chance and bought this for my husband for Christmas. He is a coach and likes a watch wth a digital reading. He really likes the features it has and also received a exta battery with it.The only minor problem the band needs to be a tad bit longer for an adult mans wrist. I was impressed with the fast delivery too.", "This watch has the biggest, easiest to read, digits I have found....and I searched.It is also easy to use.A great watch.", "This watch is perfect for exercise, small, reliable, and has a lot option that you select. I recommend you guy if you do not mind small, and light.", "I've had the Nike Triax Speed 10 for a month now and like its interface and performance. The controls took a little getting used to from my Timex Ironman. The digits are nice and large and the watch angle on the wrist makes for easy viewing. It's a cool looking watch (mine's all black). If I could make two changes, I'd make it a lot thinner and have a louder alram. Overall, I'm pleased.", "I bought this product because I needed a watch with a timer to start timing myself when I run.  Nike makes quality products, and this is no exception. However, the night light doesn't stay on long enough--you have to constantly press it. Other than that, the watch looks sharp and is the perfect size. Its alarm is also good. It is loud but not annoying. I recommend this product if you want a basic digital water-resistant watch with a chronometer.", "This watch is great, my husband loves it! It was an excellent price and arrived in a timely manner.", "this wasn'ta good purchase.  the skewed design made it feel like a big watch and it was constantly trying to prevent full flexibility of my hand backwards.  it ended up breaking the pins.  shame a sport watch to be cumbersome", "watches were very nice. our clients loved them. boss loved them. nicely packaged.", "I have owned MANY sport-watches over the years and I LOVE this one.  This is actually my 2nd!  The only reason I have had to buy a two was, when the battery died and I replaced it, it did not continue to be waterproof.  AND, that has been true with most every sport-watch I have owned.I love all the functions! Especially the Data function of saving my stopwatch times, the detailed summary Chronograph function, and last the 7 alarms.  I use them throughout the week as my wake-up times change.If and when I need to buy another watch, there is no question as to what I will get!", "This is the BEST watch I have ever owned.  It does everything you could ever need a watch to do.  Marvelous.  I have owned 11.  Where can I acquire more?  The are not easy to repair or locate.  I'd recommend this watch to anyone.  My husband loves his too.", "This might be a really good product.  But we will never find out. Because it comes with \"directions\" that consist only of numbers and arrows.  Apparently words are at a premium, because there aren't any.  The arrows leave me spinning, and my tech-savvy children can't figure the directions out either, including on such basic processes as how to set the clock function.  Which makes this product, well, pretty useless.  It does have that cool Nike swoosh, though, and every evening at 10:28 p.m. it will look just perfect.", "Great item for the price.  My son has had fun timing everything with his stopwatch.  It also has an alarm and is easily set.  This watch makes a great gift.", "This watch is an amazing watch: It tells the time, of course, date, and day of the week, plus it can be used as a timer. It is very useful, just a bit confusing to find how to change the time. But all in all, it is a rewarding item to use on a daily basis.", "I own several Nike oregons (3 at last count), so it's no surprise that I like this watch.  For anyone interested, you'll be hard pressed to find a more solid time piece.  However, be warned that it is big.  Big enough to keep a button-down shirt sleeve from closing.  IMHO this makes the watch a bit too big for exercise duty.  As an outdoors watch (for hiking, camping and the like) it is the perfect size.  The problem there is that it is missing a couple of features found in most watches of this type (altimeter, thermometer and barometer), including Nike's own Oregon WA9002, which is virtually identical to this model.  Still the watch is an awesome piece, which could have been better.My only big gripe was with Amazon.  The first watch they shipped was perfect, except that it had a dead battery.  I called had them detail the problem and replace the watch.  The second watch they send Also had a dead battery (I guess they don't check these notes at the warehouse).  when I asked about having that one replaced the person at the other end said that there must be something systemically wrong with this model and they they were not going to continue sending out new watches.  instead they would refund my money and that I should return the watch.  I told them that I liked the watch and that if they were too busy to check for a simple battery that I would walk a block over to best buy buy the battery and replace it myself.  I did exactly that, Amazon refunded me the cost of the battery and the watch has been perfect ever since.", "One of the best watchs ive bought this year ... get it its great plus the power save option is great i have alot of watchs so when i dont wear it , the display cuts off ... but over all great buy .. Get one asap", "fantastic item with accurate data from its features, hardy casing and strap. slightly bulkier than you may think it is, great as a gift idea for a lance fan and at a great price.well presented by nike in a box too.", "I have used this watch for a few years now working in the outdoors.  It has stood up to a fair amount of abuse and misuse and still looks great.  The alarms are loud and the minimalist display is a rarity in the watch world it seems like. This is a great watch.", "The Nike Oregon watch by Lance Armstrong is great. If you are into Jogging, Running or Cycling like I am you will love this watch.  You will find underneath the watch Lance Armstrongs Signature. This watch has an Altimater that works really well. You can set this watch to shut off after so many hours to save batttery life. The Battery is easy to replace yourself and not expensive. The watch is Water Resistant to 100M so wearing it in the shower or swimming with it is no problem. I like the look of the watch and the gold colored face on it matches the live strong bracelet. It is a large watch to wear with long sleeves, but is very sharp looking. I recieved it on the day that Amamzon.com had promised. I  really enjoy shopping with Amamzon.com and look forward to shopping with them again in the future. I hope this review has helped you in making your decision.", "This is one of the best looking most functional watches I have purchased! Quite an eye catcher!", "The watch itself is made by Seiko, so you know it is excellent quality.Works as described but you will need some time to understand how to use all of its functions.  Once you do that it is a very useful tool.  The product documentation is a bit light on content but thankfully the watch is fairly intuitive to set up.The barometer does seem to drift a bit more than the Suunto Advizor that I own. However, I havent done a side by side comparison so take that with a grain of salt.  This watch is a direct competitor to the Advizor and fits the bill very well.  The only feature this watch lacks in comparison to the Advizor is the Heart Rate Monitor.I got the impression that the Nike Lance 4 is a bit less functional overall than the Suunto product but that really hasnt been the case in my experience.  At the end of the day though, which would I prefer to have on my wrist when hiking in the woods...Ill take the Suunto.  However, if I want to have a watch that is well made, has nearly the same functions, looks better and has Lance's approval then count me in.  Thats why I own this watch.", "A very interesting watch with useful features, plus it is Nike! However, if you will be easily offended by seeing scratches appear on your watch face, then look for another watch. I've not been able to determine if it is a defect or not, but my watch scratches very easily. Reaching for a pen, I bumped the watch against a plastic desk organizer... SCRATCH. The face of my watch is peppered with scratches. Perhaps these can be buffed out. Some other little hangups... the temperature is not very accurate. Of course you can calibrate the watch to take into account body temperature... but that will surely fluctuate with activity. Another downfall is the backlighting. You can activate extended backlighting by holding in on the button a few seconds, but the moment you press another function button, the light will go out. I think this is a great watch, but if little things like the things I described above will bother you, I suggest NOT getting this watch.", "This watch is exactly what I thought it would be, really smart, full of gadgets but very very confusing, I havent a clue how to calibrate the compass or the alti meter and im not sure ive done such a great job with the temp gauge but it tells the time, looks good and seeing as im the UK its well unique which matters doesnt it!!.....??", "Recently, I bought the Nike Lance 4 cycling watch ([...]) through Amazon for $[...], including shipping... primarily for the \"loud\" alarms, compass and stopwatch.Unfortunately, the Lance 4 is neither atomic nor solar... and the alarm is definitely not loud (for me). I can hear it in an absolutely quiet room, but not on my wrist when my desktop computer's running. (I'm 65 and have experienced some extremely loud sounds, so \"normal\" hearing is probably better.) However, the watch face flashes its backlight when any of the alarms go off, and that helps.When you first strap the watch onto your wrist, it's cold and feels like you're wearing a doorknob. However, after a couple minutes, the metal and rubber warm up and it becomes very comfortable. In fact, it feels so comfortable that when you take it off at the end of the day, you miss it. The oversize buckle, and strap-end lock-down, are smart ideas and even work with gloves. Another thing that works well is the compass, which you can set for true north or calibrate to the magnetic declination for your location. (During the warm months here in New Hampshire, the heavy leaf canopy blocks GPS signals, and I don't always carry a compass backup.) The altimeter appears to be accurate after calibrating it with a known elevation, but it needs recalibration whenever you can do it. A nice feature is the battery saver, settable to three different periods of inactivity before the screen goes blank. Everything else continues to work during that time. Probably what I like most about the watch are the control buttons... VERY tactile and functional, even with gloves.", "I have owned not one, but TWO of these watches.Pros:1. Absolutely beautiful styling2. The band holder - the band holder is a wonderful innovation from Nike.  Never again will a band move because it pops out of the band holder.3. Being able to reset back to the time mode by holding the mode button down no matter where you are in the sequence of functions - another nice innovation by Nike.4. The band - this is a very comfortable, soft rubber band that wears easily on the wrist all day long.Cons:1. Stopwatch takes a relatively long button press to reset2. This watch is poorly made and simply isn't durable3. Case is easily scratchedOverall I really love the styling and functions of this watch.  HOWEVER, the buttons on my first Nike Lance 4 became screwed up after about four months of wear.  The second Nike Lance 4 started to reset itself after about three months of wear.Two chances are all you get - I switched back to Casio for reliability!", "This is an excelent watch. I'm really impressed with all the resources included in it. Also, the design is very nice.", "As a lifelong runner, I have used many training aids of various types and from many different manufacturers. The most useful training aid I have ever used is a heart rate monitor. Of the several different heart rate monitors I have used over the years, this Nike monitor is by far the best. It has all of the features that you would expect, but then the ultimate tie-breaker is the computer interface which allows you to tailor your own workouts, schedule them, track your progress by synchronizing the field data, and then you can upload all of this to nike's website. In addition to all of these great things, the little things like an offset watch face really earn the user's appreciation. This is a great product.", "This one measures HR and distance precisely.  Shows your pace ongoing and is awesome for metering your workouts and ensuring your on the right pace - not to fast or slow.  Has customized display so you can monitor any two of the following at once:  HR, Laptime, overall time, pace, distance.  Also has a nice autolap function that can be adjusted for any distance - it automatically records a lap time at each mile for instance.  This allows you to not worry about keeping track of that or missing a lap check.  Highly recommended, allows you to measure your distance anywhere you run to the .01 mile.", "I purchased the Triax CV10 a month ago. It has worked wonderfully and helped me to train at 60% to Max BPM. You can set your personal min BPM and max BPM to insure you heart rate is where you want it during your workout. I love being able to see exactly what speed I'm currently running, current BPM and the distance I've gone. At the end of my run, the CV10 reports best mile and reports time for each additional mile. It also displays avg mile and avg BPM.  After reading the other reports, I pray mine doesn't malfunction. But...so far it's been perfect.", "I bought this watch/HRM/distance pod combo back in early 2004 as I began to train for my first marathon. Thousands of miles in training, four marathons, multiple road races and triathlons later, this piece of gear has not let me down.The data it provides is useful and accurate and the device is simple to set up and use. The ability to store 100 laps of data is especially useful in retaining runs for later review before having to delete them for a new run (makes updating your training log much easier).The foot pod is great as it doesn't require a good GPS signal and works regardless of surface. The AAA battery it runs on lasts about four to six months. It seems to be accurate within 2-3%, typically. Dialing it in can take a few runs but it is a fairly straight forward process. I find that the calibration does need slight adjustment each time I get a new pair of shoes, however. Also, if it is dialed in for running out on the road, expect a small variance when you get on a treadmill. The calibration doesn't seem to carry over 100%. It's not that big of a deal, I feel.The HRM strap is very comfortable as others have mentioned and it has stood up to the test of time and looks to be in good shape despite the wear and tear it has endured. I find I have to change its battery about every eight months or so and this is with heavy usage so it is pretty efficient at its battery use. I do find that the HRM signal tends to be a bit spotty when swimming. I've not pin-pointed the reason but some times I get great reception when swimming, other times, not so much.The watch has also withstood some heavy usage as I often wear it as a regular watch in addition to during training/racing. The band is not faded or cracked but the band is maybe a bit less supple than when new. The crystal surprisingly has no scratches.  I attribute this to the raised ring around the crystal that functions to protect the face of the watch. While I see a fair numbers of nicks and scratches in the ring, they don't detract from the appearance of the watch. There are grey rubberized covers over the four side buttons that have begun to yellow a bit from their original light grey but I suppose that's to be expected as the oils from my skin and sweat can be easily concentrated on these buttons.I wish that the light stayed on a little longer when activated. Pushing the light button illuminates the face for three seconds but when running along during those early morning training runs, three seconds really isn't enough to grab your HR, time, etc. Five seconds would be better. While it does stay on as you cycle through modes/functions, it will turn off quickly if you stop scrolling.In three years, I've changed the actual watch battery once. Lastly, the case that this watch comes in is really nice as it can be kept in your gym bag (or luggage) and provide a nice storage place for the watch, strap and pod that will help avoid damage to the devices or loss.I spoke so highly of the watch that my wife decided to get one as well and she too has been as happy as I have with it. Granted the $229 that we paid for each one of them is pretty steep, I will easily replace my CV10 with another should something happen to this one. This product is HIGHLY recommended to any runner looking for an HRM watch with a distance measuring device integrated with it. As a point of reference, I've used both the Garmin Forerunner and Timex GPS based devices with results not equal to this Nike device. In the end, neither of the devices won me over and convinced me to switch away from my Nike.", "I owned the watch for about 30 days and the unit worked fine. Took watch off one day and put it in my pocket and the watch reset and then neither myself or Niketown store manager could get heart monitor sensor to link again. Received replacement and manager linked at store, took home and tried to enter heart rate limits and watch reset and again I could not link sensor. I believe there are better units out there for the money they are charging for this watch.", "Everything was OK. I actually recommend.", "Ok ... for starters, I paid $38.00 for this watch ... this watch locally is very hard to even find & retails for over $200.00 ... mine arrived from a retailer in NYC & I have to commend them on the extremely fast shipping & care in packaging this watch for USPS ... mine arrived in flawless condition. The dial is easy to read in extreme light conditions, super easy to set, & I was blown away by the fact it has two time zones, I do believe this little detail is omitted in the product description, or maybe I just didn't look hard enough, not matter. Folks gotta tell ya ... another product here on Amazon.com that deserves a solid 5 stars out of 5 stars. Nice job Nike, Amazon & hats off to Jomashop to filling the order.", "I LOVE this watch!  We bought it for our son 2 years ago and I don't think it has EVER been off his wrist!! The band finally gave up and he is lost without the watch!  I will be buying 2 more of these watches so that he is never without one again.  I should add that my son is very, very active and this watch has spent a lot of time under water and BMXing!!  I truly feel we got our money's worth!", "It keeps great time, has great functionality and the power save feature means the battery last for a few years.  I'm quite happy with it.", "This is an AWESOME watch - and the service was great.  The watch has a special locking wrist band, so that the watch doesn't fall off.  The service was excellent - I requested 3 day shipping, and got the product overnighted to me - that really helped me out.", "Well, it looks great, big numbers on display, good size and cool design.My big complain it's about the fragility of the wristband. If you dont take good care, it will break! And an original Nike wristband it's too expensive, almost the price of a brand new watch.So, if you want a resistent watch so you can pratice lots of sports and activities, look for some other watches... maybe a G-Shock.. that's what I done!", "I have enjoyed the oregon series watch.  It is good looking.  The band is comfortable and is holding up nicely.  The display is easy to read, and the light is quite good.  My one complaint is that the chronograph is often difficult to clear.  I run a good bit, and I was doing a workout the other day.  I had to keep holding down the clear button to get the old time off.  Other than that, I have enjoyed the watch immensely.  I thought the price was extremely reasonable as well.", "This watch looks and functions great but DO NOT put near water.  It will drown and leave you with a $$$ sinking feeling.  Watch Out for this one!  Bought a Timex next and still ticking, water and all!", "I've had my watch for one year; it replaced an Oakley D1 (my primary basis for comparison).PROs:+Large, easy-to-read dial+Great stopwatch.  It allows you to stop and restart within the same lap. (Not possible with Oakley D1)+Good workout (stopwatch) memory and analysis features.+Very comfortable rubber band.  The strap keeper is a good invention.+Durable watch body & face.  Constructed of good materials (including mineral glass crystal).CONs:-Water leaked in and condenses on the inside of the crystal at times.-Alarm/Timer sound is VERY weak.-Does not allow simultaneous display of DAY and DATE during standard TIME function.  You can choose for either DAY of the week (TUE, etc.) or MONTH and DAY (NOV 30, etc.)-It is too easy to toggle the sound/chirp on and off.  I think this should be in the ADJUST mode so it is harder to change inadvertently.Overall, I think it's a good watch for ~$50.", "My daughter used this backpack 2 years in a row for 8th and 9th grade. She could have used it another year, but she didn't want to. We washed it and donated it to the local Good Will. Still had a lot of good use left in it!", "I love this bag. It's a perfect size and I use it all the time. It's also a good looking bag unlike many other practical ones.", "So GREAT.this was my first time usig amazon and this guy was so exelent.ThanksAntonio", "Great bag, but i wish it were a little bigger to accomidate my gym clothes/shoes.", "We bought this for our daughter when she was starting Kindergarten.  Now almost three years later it is just now starting to wear out.  I'd say three years with a backpack is a good quality backpack!  This is well worth the money and is a great bag.", "great bag. i have had this for a couple of years now and it has held up wonderfully. wouldn't expect any less from NIKE.", "A lightweight bag, this is just the right size to fit into a gym locker. The material may look a little flimsy at first, but it is surprisingly durable. I have been using this for about a year now (once or twice a week), and it's still like new. The one large compartment can easily store shoes, a full change of clothes, a medium sized toiletry bag and the odd book or two. The straps are sturdy and comfortably placed on the bag for easy carrying. For my needs, there was no reason for me to spend any more - I consider this bag a bargain.", "I've been wearing the Tarj line since 2003. For form fitting glasses on a narrow face these are great, just wish I could find the polarized again.", "I'm very happy with my purchase. I where my sunnies everyday. I really like this style. I will buy these again. I hope that won't be anytime soon. I will put them to the longevity test.", "Can't beat these for any sport. The only glasses I have found that stay put.  They are light and durable.", "excellent product. I recommend it, is good quality and finish are very good, the presentation is good thank you very much", "This is actually my second pair of these glasses.  I stupidly lost the others swimming with the kids in  the Gulf of Mexico.  These glasses are comfortable and fit great.  The polarized lenses work great for fishing and other water activities.  The nose bridge is slotted rubber and is great especially if you are sweating.  These would be great glasses for running or cycling as well.", "Durable. Excellent quality. These were the 2nd pair as a gift for our son. He absolutely loves them. I see anoth pair in the future", "I love these sunglasses. Normally I just wear the $5 or $10 pair from Walmart, just in case I lose them or break them. A friend had these and I tried them on and they fit perfectly - but a huge advantage of these are they wrap around my neck, so if I go inside I can just slide them down and they hang on my neck. No strap needed, no worry about putting them somewhere, just hang them around my neck. They are a very comfortable fit, offer great protection from the sun, and I haven't had any problems with either pair that I own. Absolutely love them!", "Received these sunglasses very promptly.  Everything was as advertised.  Great SELLER!!!  Would definitely buy from again in the future.  Thanks!", "I was very impressed by these shoes. They fit my daughter's feet perfectly, nice color, great feeling when she walks or run. The price was right and they are very easy to put on in the morning before school.", "This is the most comfortable mat that I have ever used. Has a great surface and I love the dual color option. I have had this mat for several years now and it is still in very good shape.", "I am really very pleased to have purchased these sunglasses. They are ideal for outdoors, very confortable, attach very well, the lenses do not get scratched and it is very easy to change the different set of lenses.I use them for any occasion, not just sports and outdoords. Certainly recommend them.", "If you're an air max fan, I recommend these ones. I love my old air max's and it was time for a new pair. Very pleased with the product. Comfortable and lightweight.", "These shoes are super comfy. I recommend these over &#34;shape ups&#34; any day. The color scheme is great as well as the material these are made from.", "I have a real addiction to these Nike Watches - I wish they were still making them! This one is my 3rd and I am going to buy a few more (since they are so inexpensive and have lasted for years) before there aren't any more on the market. I especially like the way this type has the clear plastic at the back. Cute! Comfortable! I am also an artist and I find that I can easily remove any art-making residue, paint, etc. I would give 5 stars but I don't see how I can unless they come out with another new model!", "I am very happy with this watch. This is my 3rd one. The price was good and it arrived in a timely manner.", "Love this watch.  Love this team.  Comfortable, ergonomically correct, and well mad and durable.  They have stopped making them, but this was a great product.", "I would love to have one more of this watch coz I love it.Most especially the color it has.Pls send one to me .This is my e mail.", "I bought this as a gift for my wife - she LOVES it!!!! Everyone in my household is happy with this watch...", "While I tend to avoid name brand name items, the style and servicability of this watch convinceded me to sport a tiny Nike advertizement on my wrist.It's comfortable, stylish, accurate, and fits well in daily life. I think my watch is delightful.", "The Monarch lll is the best tennis shoe I've owned.  I wish I would have thought to purchase several pair years back.  I purchased the last pair to be found via the Internet.  There is size a 61/2 at a store in Texas.The Monarch lV is a huge dissapointment; to say the least.If anyone knows where I can purchase the Nike Air Monarch lll in size 10, medium -C- width, please let me know.Grazzi", "I am very pleased with this product. i have been wanting it since it first came out of the market. I love big watches and this Nike Merge is \"big\" it is so Hip and though the strap can be easily soiled, I found out that you can just brush it with soap and water and it will be good as new again.", "Got is a Christmas Gift for My Girlfriend and She loved it! It's comfortable and very fashionable! Everyone keeps asking where she got it! Really awesome and unique product!", "My son loved these!  He wears one every day to middle school.", "This product is such a great idea for when working out. Now I don't have to workout with my regular watch or carry around a cellphone!", "The combo wrist band and watch is perfect for active tennis play, and it is pretty.", "This is my absolute favorite watch of all!  It looks cool, is easy to put on, and to see the time.  I just love it and have it in many colors, but the white one is the coolest.", "This is a very nice watch. Really sporty and perfect for when your bouncing around town in some sweats and a t-shirt. The only thing that keeps this watch from being perfect is that it's very thick and raises high off of your wrist. Higher then what I expected. But overall, it's a good watch.", "Husband loves the watch! Very light weight, fits real nice and can be sporty or dressy. He gets alot of compliments on the design as it is very different looking.This is his 2nd Nike watch and will not be his last.", "Outstanding watch it is very light and has great fuctions, it's hightly recomended", "I bought this watch because of the sleek look.  I have my watch on all the time and did not want it to look like a bumpy sports watch.  I am in the water a lot and the glue/conection of the band to the face became separated after owning it about 6 months. I am thinking I should have gotten a bit more for my money and the product name.", "I run, bike & swim in my Nike Imara HRM & love it!  It's accurate & easy to use.  The CD that came with it was educational & helpful.  I've had no issues with it picking up other monitors (some other reviewers said it did) even when we're close together.I wish it did 2 things:  1 - provided max hr during workout (real bummer!).  2 - downloaded to my computer (I'm a data geek).  But, for the price $79.00, I'm not complaining!Now, if I could only find a sports bra as wonderful!", "this was a great watch, excellent service.  The order arrived on time and I love the watch.", "The watch was delivered in a very timely manner, but there was no invoice or paperwork when delivered.", "This is the easiest to read watch that I have ever owned! The time and date are very large and bold, great for those of us with less than perfect eyesightThe time was a little off, it gained about 5 minutes in 6 month's time.  Also, the band is plastic, so no surprise when it broke after 18 months, the problem is that there is no way to replace the band.I really liked the style, and with the easy to read face, I am considering purchasing another one in spite of the short comings.", "I had this watch for about four months before both the top and bottom straps started separating from the face. I could still wear it, so I did, until another problem arose: the strap got a big crack in it and eventually broke. All because of normal wear; I'm not that abusive. I thought perhaps it was just that one watch until I sent it in to nike, which returned me a brand new watch for $12, on which the straps began separating from the face AGAIN. One day the strap finally separated completely from the face, so I can't wear it anymore. Now I can tell the problem is that the rod connecting the strap to the face is held in on the ends by cheap plastic that breaks easily, allowing the rod to bend and eventually snap. I loved this watch (both of them actually), but I'm moving on to a watch with a strap that wraps around the face.", "very easy to use. i love the alarm feature. it also looks great, i get compliments about it all the time.", "This is a great watch, very sleek, very stylish.  The time numerals are large and easy to read; however, the metalic background is very reflective and can make the face hard to read in bright light, but hitting the backlight button resolves that problem because the numerals light up in a very nice turquoise light.  The band has lots of wholes making it very adjustable.  All in all, a very nice watch.  And I saved money by buying it on Amazon.", "The watch and chest strap work great.  I have been useing them for about 2 weeks now and have not had any problems.  Setup is fairly simple as long as u use the book it walks u right through every thing.  The only negative about the watch that i have is that i thought i had read that it kept track of you're calories burned but it does not.  As far as keeping track of the distance i'm unsure of.  I dont see anything for that other than if you were running on a track and used the lap mode and every 4 laps is a mile.  All in All it is a great product worth the money.  Even looks/works great as an everyday watch.", "It fit perfectly my needs, a very good HRM that also works with the gym equipments, and a very nice looking watch to use daily.", "Good product. Performs well. Easy access to batteries. When using this product while on my treadmill I found it would not show the heart rate readout if it was too close to the treadmill display since there was also one built into the treadmill. This was corrected by either wearing the unit or positioning it on the treadmill arm. It also can be programmed to turn itself off to extend battery life. I would recommend this product", "Let's face it, you buy a watch like this because it catches the eye. I get positive comments every time I wear this one. It's just a quartz watch, with nothing special about the timekeeping. Looks cool though! And it's well made with rugged steel and good finishing. Comfortable too, though the band is not the best quality leather.", "good product, excelent quality, great performance, resistant materials with great features that i ever try it on an electronic device!", "This is a nice sports watch for a person who is on the go. I brought this watch for a girlfriend not to long ago and she loved it! It's attractive to the eye.  Light on the wrist.  It's not a watch you would work out in, but it does accesorizes well with sports gear. I recommend this as a nice leisure watch.", "My wife dropped the link to this watch in my email as a Valentines Day hint.  A nice inexpensive gift that she likes very much.  Comfortable to wear as a sporty watch.  She was very happy.", "This was a gift for my husband.  He loves it and it is a perfect watch for many occasions.  He uses it for casual wear and gym workouts.  No problems and it's a nice size for any guy.My husband can be picky about the size of watch faces and the way bands fit.  This one made him happy.", "I liked very much my new watch, it is perfect to go to the gym. It have a good design and is very comfortable.", "OK watch, but the picture makes the watch look great.  I bought the watch about a year ago and have worn it once...  Not a great looking watch in person.", "This watch is perfect for running. Really light and reliable. I even take it in the sauna with no problems", "My wife enjoys the functionality and the stylish look. Might have been too many buttons in the beginning but she is getting the hang of the settings.", "VERY LIGHT WEIGHT (ALUMINUM), IN A NICE DEEP BLUE COLOR.DIAL IS EASY TO READ IN DAYTIME; AT NIGHT JUST PRESS THE LIGHTBUTTON. (I ALSO HAVE ONE OF THESE IN AN EYE CATCHING COPPER COLOREDBAND WITH A BLACK DIGITAL DIAL.) I CONSIDER THIS WATCH TO HAVE A SIMPLE YET ELEGANT MODERNISTIC LOOK, WHICH I LIKE IN ANY OBJECT. J.", "The product works fine. There were no problems with it or it's arrival to the desired location in a timely and successful manner.", "Not only the price was great, but it does exactly what I need it to.... and super fast shipping!  If I had been home to receive the package, I would have received it within 24 hours of ordering it.  I would definately order from this seller again.", "The watch is a very sporty one, it looks great on a small wrist. Realy was surprised by the look of it. Easy to use.", "no problem with the watch.  the directions are easy to follow on the manual/instructional CD.  the C6 is the only version of the Triax which counts calories- a great plusthe only complaint i have is that i couldn't get a heart rate reading when i wore the band over my under armour shirtother then that- i'm very satisfied with the watch & price", "i bought this watch after some research on the web and comparing Polar and Nike watches. This watch was a perfect balance between price and functions, i do not need anything else to check my workout.", "I bought this watch originally for my bf about 2 years ago, but as he wasn't using I decided to put the watch to use. This is THE BEST HR MONITOR WATCH out there! Ok, you need to go through the tutorial to understand all the functions but it is so easy to use and it's perfect if you are looking to know what is your heart rate, the number of calories burned etc...! I recommend it anytime!", "Great watch. I got it as a gift for my husband and he loves it. He uses it every single day (he works out like crazy) and said he loves the watch.I am hapy for the money I got him a great gift and fabulous value.Highly recommend.", "my husband loves the big face on the watch that's tilted for easy viewing while running. he never takes it off - even in the shower. the heart-rate monitor reads clearly and easily.", "I purchased this watch and was very happy with it during the first 6 months.  It provided consistent and accurate readings and was compatible with the Gyms treadmills.  After 6 months I started noticing that the monitor took several minutes to display a heart rate on the watch.  I replaced the battery thinking that was the culprit.  The watch still takes anywhere from 5-15 minutes before displaying a reading.  When it eventually does display one it has huge swings.  It's at 155 one minute, then at 260, then back to 135....it has come to the point where it is completely unreliable and I'm now researching for another monitor.  I would have thought it was somehting with the way it was fitting on my chest, if it wasn't for the fact that I've worn it the same way since I've got it and it worked great for 6 months.  It's too bad because I enjoyed it while it lasted.", "Watch is exactly what I hoped for. Seller was easy to work with as well. Will look to do more business in the future.", "The watch keeps good time and is easy to read even while biking/running, however the silver ring/face bezel fell off after a year.", "I've been using this HRM for over a year, it has never given me a problem, I lost my chest strap, but I was able to buy it on [...].I love this HRM because it can stand all the training I do (I do triathlons), the battery for the watch and the chest strap is user replaceable (so that you don't have to send it somewhere and be charged).Also I love the fact that the chest strap works with all the equipment at the gym, the treadmill, the elliptical machine and so forth. It's a great feature!", "It is excellent, it is not the first one I bought, and the result is great. You can also use bands of other heart rate monitors with this watch and they work great. The size is wonderfull for both, women or men.Really I still do not know what the cd  is for.", "I have had my Nike Triax C5 for a few months and I like it a lot. It is easy to use and has been pretty accurate. I think it is a good purchase for anybody that wants just a basic heart rate monitor.", "its a decent watch, the strap is actually quite bigger than what it looks in the picture, its more like a belt actually,display is ok but very much prone to scratches,the plus point however is that its does have a good sporty look , just hope that it lasts long enough!", "I love the watch, and BikeSomeWhere.com got it to me quickly for free shipping (about 5 business days).  It's quite large, so be prepared for that - the strap is over an inch wide.  However, I have to take 1 star off for the fact that the strap color does not match the picture.  It says \"Desert\" on the packaging, but it's a darker color rather than the light color you see above - here is a more accurate picture.  I was hoping for the lighter colored band, but I like it enough to keep the dark band instead.", "This is a great watch. It has many functions, and is very stylish. I still haven't figured out all of its functions, yet I have gotten many compliments! Makes a really great gift.", "This is a very nice and modern fashioned clock.The size is as espected. Highly recommended.", "Good quality, nice runners features... but it is bigger than I thought it was. I am getting acquainted to it. Sure I will.", "Really liked the watch... The color was a little brighter than in the picture... It tells the time, date, a stop watch, and a light so that  you can see in the dark... I like it because you don't have to buckle it, it just clasp right on you wriest.... so you can put on and take off your watch in no time!.. and people like me, who are always on the good.. this is the watch for you...", "The Nike Presto is stylish and cute, but not worth the money.  It hurt to wear and the strap/bracelet broke after only two weeks.  I wouldn't buy it again.", "I love, love this watch.  It is nice enough to wear dressy and practical for working out.  I had one before for a while and the plastic finally broke (which is why it doesn't get a 5).  You can't replace the band because it all one piece.  I liked it enough to get another though.  Some people might find the band uncomfortable and it has caught on things on flown off so its not good for all activities, but otherwise all good.", "I have a blue Nike watch, and really like it. Ordered this one to wear every day; however, it is really a child's watch. It is for wrists of approx. 5 inches. Unless you are tre petite, this won't fit.", "I've been looking for a watch for awhile and this watch is perfect!!I have a skinny wrist, so most watches don't fit me- I like this watch because it has basic features; time,date,and timer. And it has indiglow too. You can set regular time or military time. Plus its stylish so it looks like a bracelet!", "I have had this watch for a few years and always have people commenting on it. It is comfortable, easy to put on, clear dial, handy date and chronometer. My only frustration is the two times a year I have to set it. I can never remember how, so I spend about 30 minutes trying to figure it out! Still, it is one of my favorite watches. I just need to document how to set the date and time.", "I love my little presto watch.  even though it's plastic and sporty-looking, the tortoise ups the style ante.  it fits my small wrist perfectly, easy on/off, and very light - making it a great alternative to my heavy bracelet watch.  on one occasion it's fallen off while putting on a jacket w/ fitted sleeves so now I am a little more careful w/ it.  the time/date functions are easy to adjust and the glow button is a great function.  definitely a purchase well worth the price!", "Cute, but you'd have to have the tiniest wrist in the world for it to fit comfortabtly", "Great watch! Very stylish and easy to read. Many compliments everytime my wife wears it.", "I have had two watches before this which were the \"normal\" ones and took a chance on this one.  Love the color, accuracy and style!  Many comment on it and want to know where I got it.  Very pleased with this purchase.", "this Watch is a gorgeous bright green bangle type watch. its got a beautiful face, the band is a comfortable fit, and it got from YOUR SHOP to me in 7 days IMPRESSIVE as i live in australi", "as an avid fan of the \"King\" Lebron James, i found this watch very amusing. the rubber bracelet is indeed quite thick, and prolonged use might appear to be weary but ive used it quite a bit now, and i found the watch very comfortable to wear. the functions are great, typical of a Casio G-shock watch. it looks sturdy, plus it has a Lebron logo, and the name Lebron written on the band. a great watch for Lebron collectors likewise.", "This was a gift, which the person loved, and I loved the price, $30.00 cheaper than everywhere else", "this watch is a durable, fantastic watch with a good reputation.  thank you amazon!!!!!!!!!!1", "This watch is large in size as noted in some of the other reviews.  However, this is one of the things that I really like about this watch.  This will not be mistaken for a unisex watch as the size and stature is very masculine.  All the features work as advertised and the display is actually easier to read than I expected.  Also, after being able to compare several Nike watches in a local store, this one is by far the most stylish for men.  The watch also is sized very nicely in terms of fit.  I'm very satisfied with my purchase both from a functional standpoint and visual standpoint.", "This is my second Nike watch and I like it very much.  Big bright display, buttons are easy to access, and the basic functionality is good.  the curvature of the metal around the face will (hopefully) protect it from scratching.  The band is OK once its on but a quick release strap would have been easier and probably longer lasting - my last nike watch with a rubber band eventually cracked.  For the price Amazon charges its worthwhile but I wouldn't pay retail.", "I have owned 2 other Nike watches and they have done me well.  The industrial/rugged look of the Hammer watch was why I chose it.  The watch is large but does not over power your wrist.Pros: Stylish, rugged, easy to use buttons, and the night light is decentCons: Watch sometimes gets stuck under long selves, like some watches if you type while resting wrists on a surface might be uncomfortable.Overall I would recommend this watch to any one who wants a watch that will look good day to day or out on the trails.", "Wow, very solid constuction. Nice bright illumination. Big numbers as well as full functions. The band is extremely comfortable.No doubt a real winner.", "The \"Nike Men's Hammer Watch\" (#C0021-001) is freakin' AWESOME!!! It is pretty huge but I really like it. It reminds me of a watch you'd see a character wearing on \"Futurama,\" very space age-ish... And this watch REALLY is a one size fits ALL :O)", "I returned another watch I purchased through this vendor and was very impressed at how efficient the return system was implemented.The watch rocks.  Its stylish and rugged and the band probably will not break like 99% of all watch fails I've been through.", "This watch is awesome. It has a very large, crisp display with a greenish-blue backlight, very easy to read in the day or at night. The watch displays the time in large numbers with the date below the time. The chrono is easy to operate and displays the time in 100th's of a second. The watch also has 2 countdown timers and an alarm. The band is wery wide with numerous notches so you can customize the fit close to your wrist size. The metal face contrasts nicely with the back band, giving the watch rugged good-looks. Even though the watch is large, it is well balanced and does'n feel clunky.", "I don't know how to write that grunting sound Tim Allen makes on \"Home Improvement\"...but I'm sure he'd make it about this watch. This is a big honkin' macho man's watch on steroids. Looks as if could last through a nuke blast. Big and brawny as it is, it's still very comfortable...the wide band is made of some hi-tech rubbery stuff that feels great. Nice large display of time, day, and date. Watch face is protected by the angled bevel of the metal frame around it. This isn't for guys who need a Rolex to announce their net worth or those who want some high-style fashion statement out of Europe. This one is for telling time easily with a watch that looks like testosterone would if it were a watch. Nike.....who knew?", "Great watch, great price.  This is an awesome watch for weekend wear and sporting activities.  It is a little big, but draws attention.", "This watch is very stylish and sporty. Also extremely sturdy. The seller shipped this product very quickly and it was new, just as advertised.", "My husband LOVED this in the store- and I found it here MUCH cheaper- hooray for Amazon! He loves it, it looks great and it's waterproof- so he can wear it swimming, etc.", "We were extremely impressed with the Nike watch we ordered.  We like the big screen and the features such as the backlight, stop watch, etc.  We plan to going scuba diving with this watch.  We have received a lot of compliments on the watch from other people.  Also, the seller provided fast shipping and the watch was just as described.  Thanks!", "The Nike Hammer is well designed and finish is excellent. The controls are intuitive.  I did not receive a manual with the watch, so there are still some aspects of the watch I have not discovered.  The only negative for me is that the band is VERY wide, so it is great for working out and bike riding, and not so great for use with long sleeve shirts. Also the watch case is very thick, so keep in mind that it is awkward to wear with a sportcoat or suitcoat.  I like the digital dial, very easy to read. The back light is bright and easy to use as well.  For working out and casual wear this is a great watch.", "My daughter has this watch; and I noticed I wore it more than she did so I thought it best to get my own. She wanted hers back. I wear it to work and to exercise. Great watch.", "I was totally amazed at the speed of delivery!  I got it w/in 3 days of ordering! It is exactly what I wanted/needed.  Love the Nike Triax design.Thank you!!", "If you like BIG watches, then this is for you! It is very comfortable and you can tell the time really good!!", "Bought this for my sister who has everything or what she doesn't have I can't afford.  She loved it.  It is sporty but nice.", "Swanky sporting watch..got a true fit.I even purchased the gold its slightly different but just as nice.", "When you want to express Style, Class and Sophistication, the Nike TI watch gives you all that! This is an awesome watch with all the functions of a digital watch you could ever want. The stunning design will tell people that you are someone who is confident, secure and successful. Great watch at a great price!", "I have had this watch for several years.  This is the first nike watch I bought (I have since purchased several more).  It's great, and everyone that see's it comments on how cool it looks.", "This has been a good watch so far. I've owned it for about a month and have yet to get the band resized, but that's my fault. It's actually not too bad of a fit out of the box. I have owned the Freestyle Shark Mako for many years and this one is definitely more \"dressy\" and more simple in its features. The stopwatch function only gives time at the level of seconds and not tenths of a second, so if you're into needing that level of detail this will not be the watch for you. I have found so far that many of the features or my perceived need to see lots of information at once has not been missed. I would rather have the style that this watch provides and I am enjoying the simplicity.", "My dad wanted this watch for working out and playing sports after he saw it at Dicks Sporting Goods.  Well, I bought it on Amazon for the third of the price and he's been enjoying it ever since.  He love it!", "Me and my wife are training for a 1/2 marathon.  The watch is great.  easy to see and work.", "My son tells me that he loves his watch and would give it 500 out of 5 stars.  He saved up for it, and he bought it with his own money after his ADHD and Asperger's self had trouble walking home from the library one too many times when it was time (and after more than a few reminders).  He'd also missed cello lessons at school and was very frustrated with himself for the difficulties he was having.  It is a cool watch.  It looks good, it has two alarms (cello lesson and whatever else he needs) a stop watch and a countdown timer--that he's found a use for so far.  It is waterproof/or resistant, so that means when he forgets to take it off before his bath it's ok.  This watch was a way that he could solve his own problems, and reorganize his own life to make up for some of his difficulties.  That's why I like it so much.It has all these features and looks really cool and it doesn't cost an arm and a leg.  That's the best, I think. I'm not sure if he'll ever need the lap timer or the pacing feature or anything like that.  I suppose those features are awesome for those who use them, but for our purposes and our budget, this watch is perfect.", "I purchased this as a gift for my grandson.  He enjoys it very much.", "This watch is effective and simple to use.  It's perfect for timing your runs.  It has many other features that can be used if needed.", "I have had difficulty finding a watch for swimming.  This has met all my needs.  Of good size so easily seen.  Buttons are accessable and make splits relatively easy and interval swimming a breeze.  So far very reliable, used for 2 months.", "I bought this watch to use during my vacation. It's an ecellent sport watch, very resistant and very easy to use.", "Had this watch for almost 2 years. Was excellent for running and easy to use. Trained for a marathon and multiple 5ks with it. Now it says good to 10M but  that is clearly not true. I wasn't 10ft underwater and the watch gave out. But If you don't plan to be diving in any pools or lakes, it is an excellent watch. I highly recommend it for beginning to experienced runners due to its simplicity.", "Nice watch for what it is. Wish it had a backlight. Other than that, its fine. Nice large numbers are easy to read while running. No regrets about this purchase.", "For the average marathoner and long distance runner who doesn't need all the bells and whistles, this is right on target.  Easy to use, easy to see, nicely priced!", "The band is held on to the case with a steel pin that passes through the plastic of the case. The hole for this pin is so close to the edge that it wears through in about 6 months and is un-repairable. Thinking that this was just a fluke, I purchased a replacement which lasted 3 months. Lesson learned. Otherwise, all the functions and display made my jock wife very happy until...", "Very nice looking product and worked well for me as I learned how to effectively workout while monintoring my heart rate.  Unfortunately the watch stopped accurately and consistently tracking my heart rate after about 8 months... I don't know if it is related to the fact that I swam with it on?  Now I only wear the watch for fashion purposes.", "I can't say enough about it.  The instructions are a tad hard to understand, but it's not that hard to figure out.  I absolutely love this monitor.  I highly recommend it.  Truly worth every penny.  It's reliable, accurate, easy to use, has many functions and it's pretty to boot.  Hands down the best one I've ever used.", "I bought this watch as a birthday gift for my husband and he loves it!  It's beautiful, made well, and great for any Lance Armstrong fan.", "Very nice watch and very eye-catching.  Its big so beware if you don't like a big face on your watch.  I wear it for business and workouts it looks good enough to do both.  The clasp is funky.  Sometimes if you move your wrist just right it will come un-latched but its not a deal killer.", "Bought this watch as a Christmas gift. It is absolutely beautiful, and the recipient was very happy with it.", "My husband really likes his new watch! He's been training for Public Safety testing and says it comes in handy when he's running.", "I bought this watch back in 2007. Great design, people everywhere asking where i get it.. but... without any explanation the titanium bracelet break it!I was in vacations and luckily, when the bracelet breaks, i was not at the ocean, but in my hotel room.It's my last Nike watch.. since then i got 4 other watchs (tissot, seiko, casio) and got no problems.", "I never thought I'd wear a big metal watch.  I was the $25 Timex kind of guy.  But this watch is extremely cool, and not everyone has one.  In addition, I let the Rolex people know that it is the OFFICIAL, Lance Armstrong Nike 10/2 Tour de France 7 Time Winner TIME.  Not Rolex Mariner or whatever?!?!?!Item came as promised, brand new, and blah blah blah.  Keep up the good work, and if you ever need to know the official time, just email me.", "The watch is exactly what I expected for. It is beautiful and modern. Nike did a great job with this peace.", "I'm a watch enthusiast (or obsessive as my wife calls me, but let's not stray too far...) and before this model, I have never owned any watch by Nike.  I have several Suunto and one Casio models that feature Altimeters and for some odd reason, I felt the need to add to my collection (DON'T tell my wife, PLEASE).It's lightweight and feels comfortable on my wrist--ALWAYS a plus if you ask me.  I especially like the clasp on the rubber strap that has the Nike logo on it that helps to keep the band in place and not move.  GREAT idea and I submit ALL manufactures of rubber-type bands adopt a similar style and F-A-S-T.The so-called Zero-Drift technology that Nike claims allows for dramatically more accurate altitude readings when compared to similar products by Suunto, Casio and the like...well personally I haven't been able to see any additional accuracy one way or another.  Go figure.One thing I REALLY liked was the ease at which I was able to get it up and running.  I just went through the nightmare of programming my Suunto T1 heart rate monitor model and after hours of attempting to decipher the sandscrit-like instructional booklet, it was nice to see a watch that the manufacturers actually put some time into designing, or more to the point, put some time into making it user-friendly.So, in a nutshell, am I happy I bought it?  Yup.  I'd do it again, too.  Hope this helps.", "The digital watch seemed excellent: easy to read, easy to setup. However it sits very high on a thick,heavy nylon strap so it interferes with any cuff you wear. I returned it for this reason.", "Initialy, it took a bit to work through the setting and it is a smaller case than I expected for a mens watch. However, this is a very sturdy watch. It is perfect for what is is intended for as a solid sports watch. Good buy.", "I bought this as a x-mas present, she loved it!I am glad I chose this watch over other products", "I have this watch as a gift to my daughter for her birthday.  She has a two-year old son and is constantly swimming, bathing, cleaning and doing many other activities that involve water.  She loves being able to manage her toddler's activities without worrying about securing her watch and always being able to watch the time to get home in time for Daddy.  The watch is attractive and doesn't look like a sports watch, so she can wear it anywhere, but the fastening system doesn't allow for optimal fitting for her (my only concern about an otherwise outstanding product)", "Returned this after purchase because although it is very attractive and the design on the band is quite nice (and not cheesy-looking), it is very large on the wrist.", "AMAZING watch. Sporty, water proof, etc. looks dressy and like it's fancier than it is LOVE IT. It is SILVER however, not white as it appears in the photos. Probably would not have bought it had I known it was the color it was but I am glad I got it and kept it. Overall a win.", "The picture doesn't really show how pretty this watch is. Not only does it look good, but it's easy to use and quite practical.", "i love the watch, it was delivered in the right rage of time. affordable and free shipping!! how great is that! it was already running when it got to me kinda kills the life of the battery but then again its nice to know that its working.", "The merge line of watches from nike are incredible.  The display is crystal clear, the backlight works perfectly, all the information you could want from a watch is here.  But really, the selling point here is the incredible graphics on the bands.  These things come in a ton of color combinations with an awesome variety of designs.  The bands are just wide enough and made of a cushiony (and very comfortable) material.  The only gripe I have is with the snap closure.  It's a bit tough to adjust on the band and feels like it might loosen up over time.  This was a gift for my girlfriend (who has only had one other watch she loved, a similarly designed Diesel) and she hasn't taken it off since she got it.  I was tempted to buck the system and buy myself a woman's watch, but it just wont fit a thick wrist.  C'mon nike, where's the men's line?", "I just got this watch about 3 weeks ago and i am very happy with it. It is a simple watch - not tons of buttons everywhere that you actually need to read the instruction manual for. It just has two buttons, and its really easy to figure out how to change the time and all that. I am very happy with this watch, and (most importantly) its quite stylish too! ;)", "I bought this watch for my wife, who is a traveling nurse and wanted a timepiece that would fit her on-the-go lifestyle. I thought this unique type of watch, which was easily removed and put back on, would be ideal for someone who was constantly washing their hands and taking off their watch to do it.Instead, the glass face of the watch fell off within a couple of weeks of use (not abuse, mind you) the wristband arms were easily cracked, and the watch itself didn't seem particularly resistant to sweat and other moisture (despite being advertised as an athletic watch that would presumably be worn by a sweating athlete)I'm surprised Nike put their name on this piece of water buffalo turd. However, I guess for $45 you shouldn't expect too much out of a watch.", "Yes I do have to admit that the plastic face falls off. My first one fell off after 2years, and the second one 6months....However, it fit's so well. I use it for jogging and best of all it's good looking. I'm a big fan of this watch.", "Thought from the description I would really get some good use out of it...could not figure out how to get it to work...what a dud...they must make these things easier to work and the instruction would need an engineer to figure it out.", "I've got more compliments on this watch and it's so comfortable you don't even know its on your arm.", "I BOUGHT THIS WATCH WHEN IT FIRST CAME OUT IN BLACK & LOVED IT RIGHT AWAY. IT DOES A BACKLITE IF YOU'RE WONDERING & IT IS A LARGE WATCH. IT DOES ATTRACT ATTENTION & MOST OF IT HAS BEEN POSITIVE. I HAD 3 OF THEM IN DIFFERENT COLORS & GAVE ONE AWAY TO A FRIEND & I'M ABOUT TO SELL ANOTHER ONE TO A CO-WORKER. I WILL REPLACE ONE OF THEM WITH A NEW COLOR. NIKE MAKES TOUGH, DURABLE & STYLISH WATCHES. I'VE YET TO BE DIS-SATISFIED WITH ANY OF THEIR WATCHES.", "This watch looked pretty impressive on the web site.  When I received it, it was much larger in size than I imagined.  This thing is huge.  It looked very gawdy on my wrist.  I though that the watch would have backlight for night viewing.  If it did, I could not get it to work.  I ended up returning this watch and am looking for something a little smaller.", "I LOVE this watch!  I am going to be purchasing more of the same watches in other colors.  This has been a  Wonderful experience dealing with this dealer. Fast Shipping, GREAT SERVICE! I'll be back!", "This watch is just beautiful, it looks so elegant you won't believe it until you have it on your wrist, its quality is amazing, when I ordered I had my doubts but it covered all of my expectations and more, my boyfriend can't leave home without it, no matter what he wears the watch gives him that extra something to complete any outfit. Best buy ever!!!", "Very satisfied with my new Nike watch.  It has great looks and great features.", "I bought it for a friend, and he liked it a lot.  He was amazed for the quality of the watch, and just loves it.", "this is a great watch, it had more features on it than were mentioned in the online details. It was as I expected it to be and more!The recipient of this item loves it, he hasn't taken it off since Christmas day apparently!! I'm in U.S., recipient in England and it was great to know that it was just what was wanted.", "This watch is a perfect durable, every day watch that has held up to water, construction work, and constant, every day wear and tear.  And it was just \"retro\" enough to gain compliments for the 1980's kickback.  If it had a calculator....watch out for the NERD ALERT!  GREAT PRODUCT!", "This is a great watch. I gave it to my 14 year old son for Christmas. He loved it. It is very durable yet stylish for his active skateboard/basketball life.", "I am so happy to get purchase this beautiful watch! There is only something wrong! the band material is veryyyy fragil so you have to take care of it everytime!", "This is not the first Nike Triax I have purchased through the years.  It is a comfortable, durable sports watch and great looking.", "Looks good, durable but the funky angle will throw a lot of people off. Good for everyday use. NOT FANCY", "I\"ve loved the Triax Swift since I first strapped it on. It's very comfortable and the split band allows some room for your wrist to breath on long runs...none of that sweaty build up like a solid band. It doesn't have a heart rate moniter built in which may be it's downfall for some runners, but it's easy to use, it's stylish, and waterproof. Some one stole my first one, I went right out and got the exact same one.", "FACE OF WATCH WAS BULKY. SAT ON WRIST HIGH. COLOR AND FUNCTIONS WERE NICE. YET I RETURNED DUE TO SIZE.", "I was unable to find this watch at first, but thru Amazon I was able to. Watch came in nicely packed and brand new condition. Great seller.", "i purchased this watch before i went to work at a youth camp for 5 weeks during the summer...i wanted something that could stand up to water, dirt, sweat, heat, and hundreds of teenagers...and, boy, did this thing pass the test!  from a weekly mudpit to paint to white water rafting to hiking and every adventure in between, this is a watch that not only survived, but still looks as good as it did when i first got it...a real winner!", "I'm very happy with the watch. Sleek. It was sent promply. They even sent it with the correct time", "great watch! easy to use and very cute.  minus 1 star because color slightly off from photo.  much more banana-yellow than in photo.", "I love the looks of this watch -- sporty, but not as bulky as most running watches.  I wear it all the time.  However. . . this is the 4th one I have bought.  I like it so much I keep hoping I'll get one that lasts.  Two of them have had the \"stop\" and \"start\" buttons fall off and one of them had the band disattach itself.  I have not mistreated my watches.  There seems to be an inherent flaw.  I am about to mail all three bad ones back to Nike and see what they have to say for themselves.  Your price is great -- hope I get my money's worth out of this one.", "This watch is really stylish and the functions of the watch is perfect for all my speed workouts and mile repeats. I immediately got compliments on the watch :] but in honesty, sometimes it is hard to see what time it b/c the screen has a light background and the lens is reallyyy shiny lol. But overall, i like the watch alot! and the shipping arrival was on schedule :]", "Love it!  Very comfortable, stylish and easy to read.  Get comments on it all the time.  Boght another one for my mom since she liked it so much.  Would like it more if it had a timer function in it.", "I love this watch! It is small, sporty, light and really cute. I thought the band in the picture was a bit more translucent, but in person it is completely opaque.  The time lights up (not the whole face) by the push of a button to a really intense bright blue that looks great.  Very cool, much cheeper than ebay too, at least when I was looking.", "This product is great for helping beginners improve their running, but it is not for the techno-phobe or those who don't want to spend quite a bit of time setting up.Be ready to do a lot of learning on your own.  The guides don't tell you how to find the information you want (current heart beat, current pace, etc), but push enough buttons on the watch, and everything will be displayed.Also excellent for those in programs of run/walk or who want to run a specific distance without going in circles at the track.  This watch tells you everything you need to know!", "This is a very basic heart rate monitor.  If you just want an 'entry level' monitor and don't want to spend alot of money on a fancy one with lots of bells and whistles, this is a good one to get.  Very easy to use.  I've used it swimming.  It works fine and is hardly noticeable under my suit.", "I had been hesistant about heart rate monitors because many of them seemed so hard to understand. If you are just starting out with a fitness program or want the \"simple\" things in a heart rate monitor, this is the one.  Not complicated to use at all and gives you great readings.  Definately recommended!!", "This watch has just fit my necessities. That\"s why i will always buy nike watches, they have nice design, pretty much technology and the charm that a good watch makes you appear. It's worth the price.", "I've put this watch, and the Suunto vector, through their paces in expedition kayaking.  The Suunto's electronics are much better.  Here's some more comments:1. The Nike watch is much heavier.  I don't have the specs, but if you're buying it for running/jogging, don't.2. The Nike altimeter is not nearly as accurate, it jumps around much more than the Suunto's.3. The Nike's face, being glass, is more scratch resistant.4. The Nike's strap is bombproof, whereas the Suunto's failed me after 2 years.regards,Greg", "If you are planning to buy a sport watch, I recommend you to buy this one. Is very nice and usefull with a lot of things.", "I purchased the watch for durability reasons, and it has provided great service. It is large, but I would recomend it to anyone who is an outdoor enthusiest and finds that they break many watches.", "I have had this watch for about 6 months now and I don't have any complaints. The altimeter seems to work well, even after not calibrating it in 4 months it's only off by about 200ft. Although I do remember when I first bought it, I had to calibrate it every week but it has been working fine ever since.My favorite part of the watch is the barometer (weather) function. If I am going out for a run, and it doesn't look great outside, I can see if the pressure has been dropping and know if it is going to rain or not.Set up was pretty straignforward; just put in the cd and follow along. You can program the deviation for the compass, altitude etc. A highly satisfied customer.", "I bought the Nike watch primarily for cycling because I wanted to know the temp and climbs while riding.  The watch is OK on both though often differs from published elevations; if you wait long enough it will eventually find its way to the right number.  Battery expires quickly--fortunately it's the simplest change of a CR2032 that I've ever seen.  Compass isn't very intuitive to use.", "I have this watch about 6 years and still working great.Just had a problem with the wrist that broke after my son took the watch when I was not home.Fortunately I could buy a replace for it online and now it is as good as new!", "If you have not seen this product in person, be prepared.  This is the size of a traditional woman's watch.  I am not sure what Nike considers \"midsize,\" but this does not seem to qualify as such in my book.  I immediately sent it back and had to eat the postage for returning it.  I had an Oregon that I liked very much and it fit perfectly.  I didn't realize that I had what Nike considers the \"super\" size of watches. Moral of the story, pictures don't lie per se, but they don't always show the truth.", "It is a good product of very good quality, very resistant and especially the mark  sit down satisfied by the acquired clock", "This is a great watch in many ways and draws a lot of attention. But the band attaches to the watch without pins and breaks frequently. I've been through three of these. This is my last one. Time to go to something less sexy and more practical.", "I absolutely love this watch. You can set two different times and switch between them very easily. Great back lighting.", "I bought this watch for my husband at Christmas. Although the style is a bit more daring than his usual conservative preference, he likes the look. The size is large and looks good on a big person--could be overwhelming on a smaller wrist/arm. It is functioning well and easy to use.", "Very cool looking with big numbers I can see. Also shows the month and date which I like. Everytime I wear it people say \"wow\" cool watch what kind is it and where did you get it.", "This watch is perfect for my needs.  It's stylish, functional, and durable.  I've received a compliment a week about it.", "Watch is great! I actually have the same one with a Brown band instead of a black. I get compliments on it all the time and it is a very cool time piece.The only issue I had was that I ordered EXPEDITED shipping and paid 17 dollars to get it to me in 1-3 buisness days. I wanted to have it for New Years Eve.It didnt show up until about 10 days after the date of purchase. However I was able to email the company and they responded promptly and then were able to refund my shipping costs.All in all it was a very good purchase, the problem with the shipping put a damper on things, but the refund of the shipping was great customer service.", "I appreciated when I have the Nike square face watch. It came before the day it should be deliveried. However, that still made me happy.", "I love these watches---this is the 4th one I have purchased and plan to keep buying them.  The light feature is one of the reasons I purchase these and the bands with the rubberized ends so you won't lose the watch is another feature. I go to concerts and shows a lot and being able to use the light to see the time is important to me.  Please keep them in your inventory!!", "I play o lot of sports and really enjoy this watch witch is likea bracelet, easy on and off, also easy to read at night time,cute too.", "I bought this watch for my daughter, and she loved it soooooo much, it looks great on her hand, wnd for me i think it's price was great also.", "The watch is very nice and so is the visual appereance. It has lots of functions, some I don't understand yet. Now that I have gotten the hang of all the buttons, they are very helpful. I do like how you can turn the sound off and on, but I do not like that it beeps every hour when the sound is on.", "I have bought this product before and was replacing an old one.  This is the only type of running watch I will ever get.  The angled head of the watch allows you to see your time without twisting your wrist.  Trust me this is a great watch!", "I am very pleased with my new Nike Triax Speed watch. It is as described and suitable for a woman's wrist. I would recommend this to others.", "Purchased as replacement of prior USA Nike Triax 50.  Great watch for running.  Original USA Triax 50 was purchased to replace the \"regular\" Nike Triax 50.  Original model has buttons that were easily pressed whenever you moved your wrist and was annoying.  The USA Nike Triax 50 resolves this problem with more recessed buttons.  Great functionality and easy to use.", "Excellent Watch. I get many positive comments on it. Second Nike Watch I owned and will buy another if I should have to replace it.", "It was billed to be water resistant to a respectable depth - but it filled up on the first dip in the pool. Practically DOA. Returned it for a trusted brand.", "I love this watch.  My Mom has the analog version, I have the digital.  We both love our watches.  The option to light the display works extremely well in the middle of the night, and at the movies!  It's great!", "The watch is wonderful...I love the color and the feel. The only thing that would have made it better would be to have received it with a battery that actually worked.", "I bought this watch for my 7 year old son about 8 months ago. He has beaten it up pretty good and it still works great. The crystal has held up very well considering the way he treats the watch. He swims with the watch every week and showers with it on....so far it is living up to its claim of being water resistant! The things my son liked most about the watch was that it was made by Nike, it glowed in the dark, and he really liked the unique shape of the watch itself.", "We bought this watch as a wedding attendant gift for our jr. groomsman who is 10 yrs old and loves skateboarding & snowboarding.  I think his exact words were \"cooool!\"  He loves the watch and wears it all the time!!", "Bought this for my 12 yr old son bc we were goong on a cruise and he needed to keep up with time. He loves it and wears it every day. Good quality.", "This watch is full of \"extra features\" and boys love that.  Today in P.E. they timed the other boys running laps.  At night in their bunks they can push an illumination button to see the time.  This is a cool watch in their opinion.", "Stocking stuffer for my oldest.  I am surprised by how much he wears this, it's a great little watch, the Velcro wristband is perfect for kids with tiny wrist.  No complaints.", "Stylish, easy to use, easy to read display, comfortable band, durable, and an instant hit with my 12 yr old son who found it in his Christmas stocking.  Adults would like this too!", "Good watch with nice features . . . and a fatal flaw. Something's wrong with the plastic. In 60 days, the watch is grimy and there's no way to clean it. Nike doesn't provide service. Find something else.", "The battery died in couple of weeks. This is something that you would expect in a cheap watch but not in a Nike one. I have purchased watches in Chinatown that work better then this one.", "As a matter of fact I purchased this and the Nike Gorge watch for my 9 yr old Twins.  I was disapointed that there was only one of these in stock.Unfortunately my Twins did not fight over this watch, they liked the other one because it has alot more features.  This watch has no \"extras\" such as stop watch, illumination and etc.I think it is adorable and would be pleasant for a younger age.", "In an age of homogenous plastic, these glasses really stand out. A blend of metal, rubber and plastic combined with minimalist design produces glasses you forget you have on until someone asks what they are and where you got them.", "I love these watches these watches awesome.  It's too bad that Nike discontinued these I'm not sure why.  I'm pretty sure these were selling like hotcakes.  I guarantee if place these watches back on the market. They will sell out in a Matter of days. Great Watch recommended to anyone Very sporty.", "I usually use it and it's great! It's very light and it's closes in a manner that is very secure", "This is all my oldest will use to carry his school stuff in.  The first one lasted about 1/2 way through the year.  He managed to put a tear in it.  Otherwise, it's ok.", "the item Nike B2.9 Gymsack  arrived in foreseen time and it is the great usefulness for my because it is comfortable.", "When I got the Gymsack, It looked like I expected it to look, size and all.  Over all I am very satisfied with the purchase.", "The seller was very patient and they had excellent customer service. Would buy from again. The watch was in the exact condition as stated in the ad. Great Seller", "It matches and design and color, so good and satisfied. And its delivery was very smooth.You must be satisfied, when you buy it.", "The watch was beautiful. The only thing is that I wish the tags weren't scratched off but other than that the actual watch was in good shape :)", "This watch looks great when viewing it from the same perspective as the photo, but the wrist band looks cheap compared to the watch face. Some may not mind given the material is used for a reason, but it just doesn&#8217;t seem to match the look of the watch face and doesn&#8217;t match the price.", "I'm an Arsenal fc fan and what a way to support my team!!!  Nice watch..Very stylish and sporty!!!  Like the fact that it has both day and date dials as well.  My only issue is that the face plate is purple but no big deal!!!", "Nice watch. Elegant and comfortable. If you are a Arsenal fan, you have to get it, not kidding, just awesome", "I bought this as a Bday gift for my friend, and he is a Die hard fan of Arsenal Soccer team. He just LOVED it and wears it everyday! I also loved the style of the dial.", "Could have a longer strap but its very good. Durable and can hold a good amount of items in it. I use it mainly for my laptop.", "This bag is actually larger than I thought.  You can really fit a lot into it.  This would be good for a weekend trip.", "They delivered promptly and it is exactly what my granddaughter wanted. Thank you for the good service.", "My kids loved this backpack.  Plenty of room, stylish, durable, and meets the clear or mesh backpack requirement imposed by their school.", "This bag not only looks good, but is very sturdy and practical for many uses. My college son has used it for sports and many other things since he has had it. It has been a good purchase.", "This is the best bargain you can get with a heart rate monitor.  My favorite part of this monitor is that it has interval training timers.  That was a necessity for me and a feature I couldn't find on other monitors twice the price.  You can change the battery yourself, and the chest strap stays in place just fine with a sports bra.  Not only that, but, the best part is that it is compatible with all the machines in the gym!  As soon as you step on any cardio equipment that says it's compatible with that other brand..your heart rate will pop right up.  You will not regret buying this monitor.", "I bought this watch to wear everyday and to use at the gym.  It works great, looks nice, and I love the two time zone feature since I travel to the East coast a lot for work.  Overall I highly recomend it.", "This heart rate monitor was easy to operate and seems to work great. I love that it estimates the number of calories burned during a workout and is capable of interval workouts.", "Great spacious bag with room for all you need easy to handle and gets great attention from other can also be used as a sports bag.", "This bag is the perfect size for the gym. You can pack a couple sets of gym clothes in it along with a pair of running shoes. The side pockets are great for your magazines, paperback, water bottle and IPOD. Just the perfect bag.", "Great for workout, however, when exercising heavily, they do get soaked quickly.Also, it takes a while to stretch them out.Great service, on time, no problems.", "I play freshman football and I needed something to add to my uniform. These were perfect. The color is deep and the logo is clear you can't go wrong with these wristbands.They hold up and look great. You can use them to wipe away sweat and they help support your wrists. After a undefeated season these have become my lucky wristbands.", "Cute for spring and comfortable. Like with all my tennis shoes I buy 1/2 size up! Love them so! Yay!", "Although I'm rarely a fan of Nike, I bought this pair to try it out and i absolutely liked it. Very suitable for causal wear, but I'm not sure how good of a running pair this one is. I got the dark grey color with florescent green stripes.Overall very cool pair", "i love this shoes  great price good quality", "Because the look and feel of the sneakers are awesome. It's a perfect fit and it has support for my feet", "I bought these as a gift, and they were awesome. they came in a nike box and everything so you would have never guessed that i bought them on amazon. it was cool!", "I bought these for my son and he loves them.  He said that that r very comfortable.  He said he wears them all the time.  He said that they look great.", "Absolutly great shoe, I was having a lot of calf issues and not being able to run distances without my legs hurting after I purchased the Reebok Ziglite. These shoes were amazing, seeing as how I am in the military and am running daily this is a good solid shoe with just the support needed to get a good run in.", "love these shoes use them as gym shoes i would recomend thes to anyone that is looking for a durable shoe", "not a bad entry level running shoe. good for a narrower foot like mine but i still got the m (standard) width.", "Slightly big but that is what I wanted so I could have growing room, really nice shoes I really like them :)", "I wear a size 10.5&#34; shoe, ordered these in 10.5&#34;, and they fit perfectly.Nike makes their insoles a bit different than other companies though, the arch support is more in the outside of the arch rather than in the middle, which works fine for me, but some people might need a more centered arch support. I run with a heel-to-toe stride and these absorb impact, and rolls nicely off the ball of my foot. These aren't life changing shoes or anything, but they work great for casual runners such as myself. I've already put 27 miles on them and they are holding well.", "The fir is exactly like I would expect Nike's to fit, (I order a 1/2 size smaller than I usually wear).  Comfortable, good looking, for sneakers.  Great shoe.", "Item is very comfortable to use for several hours everyday, fits right to size and looks very good no my feet.", "Very light and comfortable. So light that my wife thought I had ordered a pair of sandals when she received the package. This is my second pair of downshifters. Got the first pair about two years ago. Think I might get a pair in every color available.... really.", "Do you wanna feel like your walking on air then this is the light shoe for you. Fast delivery. Accurate sizing. All Good.", "bought for my boyfriend for running.  he said they are comfortable and run true to size.  (meaning buy half size bigger since they are Nike's).  Nice looking shoe and light weight.", "I love these shoes!! I stand for 9-12 hours and my legs and back do not hurt!!!! I will be looking for another pair!!", "Quality is great.  They're comfy and great for running.  I received the shoes right on time for my dad to bring them to where I live in another country.  Thank you for delivering them on time.  Thank you so much!", "Amazing shoes, good for running, going to the gym and any physical exercise.The price was excellent of the quality of the shoes.", "Shoe is good and seems to fit well.  Have used it some for parkouring.  Like the stylish look of the black and blue color.", "I haven't taken them to the track yet but shoes feel very light and supportive.  Should be good for the price.", "fits perfectly even though I have slightly high arches and not exactly narrow feet. The materials are good quality and overall you hardly feel any weight on your feet. The heel part of the sole is designed interestingly, it accommodates a slightly angles heel stride which is great for running. Just feels a little odd when you first put them on. Maybe it's a standard thing with running shoes. I just wasn't used to it but it feel just right when you are out and running. Nothing pokes my foot inside in any way, nothing rubs uncomfortably. Perfect shoe for me.", "Was delivey was good. Son, really liked the style and comfort of the shoe. Read reviews before buying, I am very satisfied with this purchase, would buy again. this the second buy from amazon on shoes but different style, both were great buys, thanks would reccommend to friends", "These sneakers are Lightweight, Great Looking, Extremely Comfortable & Reasonably Priced! This purchase was a great one, Thank you very much.", "Thanks great item.. I would recomend this product to others worth the buy! Looking forward to use it this spring and summer", "This shoe is very light and comfortable. I normally wear a size 13 and ordered a 13--the shoe fits perfectly.", "As always this shoes were what I was expecting, very confortable and very good quality too. Another thing that I ike is that they are very ligth for running.", "These beauteous shoes. So good. Such run.", "It is a light running shoe, it feels very confortable, looks fine and I bougth it at a reasonable price.", "IT'S OK,", "These shoes are great... they fit perfectly and I wear them to work out.  I recommend them to anyone looking for a good pair of sneakers.", "These shoes were shipped quickly, came in their box and were even cooler than I thought. The Nike swoosh glows in the dark! I'm very happy.", "Light breatheable cheap and stylish.  Its just what a person wants when confort is needed but dont want to look like donald duck..", "I love them, fit great and look great. I bought these to go to work in, very light and very comfortable.", "These are, naturally, a good quality shoe, coming from Nike. They fit true to size and are very comfortable. A great but.", "This was a Fathers Day gift to my hubby and he loved them!! Arrived on time and fast shipping!!", "very good product has high quality and is of very good material, I recommend the product for buyers in this class.", "I was skeptical about buying shoes online but I know my size in Nike and so I decided to give it a try. Shoes were delivered faster than expected, fit perfectly and I saved almost 50% off retail pricing. I am very happy with my purchase and I will order again.", "So cutteFit as expectedso good for trainingit was the best one that i got right now :)", "Very nice!! . I want to get a second pair in the same color. Great fit and great price .", "Love these shoes, I'm buying another pair asap! Fits great and are very comfortable.. Trust me, it's a Great buy!", "This was a gift for my 78 year old Dad who likes to walk in his neighborhood everyday. After the first walk he immediately called me to tell me they are the most comfortable shoes and every person he passed on the street complimented him.  Mom then called and told me how he hasn't taken them off for 2 days. Successful Father's Day gift!! Delivered on time  too.", "Nice price, excellent show I love it. Buy it with out any question. Nice for walk, very light. Good Quality.", "They feel wonderful and almost fit great then found out that I had a pair that was a return. But they were super nice on getting me a new pair that no one wore already, when I open the box and put them on I was like &#34;oh man someone worn these already!!!&#34; But when I get in hold of the people I swear they helped me on everything and even apologized for the simple fact of me throwing away the return shipping paper and box. I felt confident to buy another pair and tell people of these guy.", "These sneakers are exactly as they're pictured, Lightweight, fit as expected, packaged correctly, no flaws, so far no complaints. Good price on Amazon. I recommend them.", "This shoe fits really well.  I am impressed by how light they feel.  I don't use them as a running shoe, but more for comfort wear.  I love em!", "I ordered these shoes for my husband.  They fit exactly as expected.  He says they are comfortable and durable.  A great deal at a great price!", "They nice comfortable ,  they fit perfect , like them very much, you can not ask for a better pair of shoes", "I took a calculated risk with buying a shoe online, I already had another Nike Running shoes and bought the same size, it was a nice fit and comfortable.package came in time, and I got my money's worth.", "Very light. Feel great and look nice as well. I only wish they came in a color that had black instead of white on the bottom.", "slightly tight fit but lets call it snug. handsome shoe. look forward to seeing what sort of longevity it provides", "These not only look great on, but they fit perfect,  nice material, very well made, and very happy I bought them. Would recommend them to anyone that enjoys a nice looking pair of shoes and is looking for comfort..Im diabetic so that is very important to me.", "These sneakers are for my son. They are exactly what I expected from Nike. Very Good!, No complaints at all!", "These shoes are great. I really liked the way they fit and look. This is a good everyday shoe. I have to walk a lot at work and my feet don't hurt at the end of the day like they have been.", "I loved tennis pedi what turned out to work very well and I also liked the price I pay me twice by the same court in a local store so the price is rathercomfortable because I use it to last long in feet and very nice soft firmeyI hope does not end up in the store to keep buying them always", "theyre very good for the price u pay, and its got this litte things where the air gets inside the foot...", "FIT AS EXPECTATED", "I like it very much. I went with size 8.5 (extra .5) to compensate for my wide foot. Very good looking.", "Love the fit its just right", "I use these Nike Shoes for working out at the Gym. they feel lite and comfortable. They fit very well and I plan on getting another pair after these are in need of replacement", "Fit good...came faster then expected... Nice and light with more ankle support then I expected for being so light. Great shoe", "They are just excellent. The color and detail are as is as indicated in the publication. They are very comfortable to walk or run with them. I recommend them 100%", "these shoes is comfy with style. did my first workout in them and i felt well in them can do the work", "What a great pair of shoes.  They fit great.  Very comfortable and they are so light feel like you are running with no weight.", "These shoes hold so much semen! I cant wait for my second pair to get here!  This pair is already half full and kind of sticky.", "Fits great and comfortable!! Best show out of the box I have worn in a while. NO special insole needed. Fits better than the other pair I bought Nike Men's NIKE DUAL FUSION RUN RUNNING SHOES", "Same like the photo, exactly that I expected. Good quality,  great colors, excellent to run and walk.  I love it", "The shoes are perfect! The shoes were a gift for my son and he loves them very much. They are perfect!", "Really nice shoes they fit and were very comfy the color was nice and not faded like some shoes I would buy more", "I received this shoes yesterday. I bought it like a gift to my father, and he love it. The size it's perfect, and they're very comfortable. I recommend it 100%!", "Most of my shoes slip when I run in them, but these don&#8217;t. They allow me to go further, faster because I don&#8217;t have to worry about ending up barefoot once the shoes come off by themselves. This happened before.", "Great shoe for the price and name brand. These shoes breath with the cloth material on the top of the shoe. I love them.", "simply nice", "Excellent running shoes!!  They are just what I needed.", "Excellent product. I recommend the product arrived as expected. Good quality and 100% original, Thanks.! I hope to soon buy other shoes.", "I bought these for my boyfriend as a gift and he loves them, he says it's like walking on a cloud, he never takes them of. I thing I set the bar pretty high", "This shoe fits perfect, as i had checked the size for me from the store. Used as both running and office casual wear. Thinking of ordering one more. :)", "Love the sneekers.. Very nice when walking long distance and running. Not heavy at all, light and very soft on your feet.", "The shoes are exactly what is described and with genuine box and the shoes are genuine aswell. Shipping was also nice and quick", "Lightweight and quick drying, the Nike Santiam Sandal offers you a comfortable fit with the cushioning and technology you've come to expect. Contoured Sole - stops your feet from sliding around and causing blisters. Adjustable Straps - for a perfect, custom fit for your feet.", "I love this particular type of Nike sneakers and have gotten almost all colors. I am big tennis shoe fan and this is definitely what you want. I strongly recommend this product. Comfortable and very classic!", "it is very nice and while usually things looks better in pictures in this case the T-shirt looks better then the pic.This is a gift and I'm sure the person will love it, if it was for myself well my impression is that the material is a bit too heavy for the summer' temperatures in DC.", "Awesome Nike Air Jordan 7 Retro Olympic Edition. One of a kind a must have. Completes my shoe collection! Great!", "I already own one of these watches; it's been 2 years and 2600 miles since I bought my first one and it still is in use. I just wanted another one since I love these and would be angry if I was ever without one.  They are the best for people running 6+ miles a day on a rigorous work-out schedule where times are imperative.  Water-tight and ergonomic, you barely feel it on your wrist; even after 12-15 mile runs.  The display numbers are HUGE which is perfect for quick glances without throwing off your focus or form.  I have tried many different watches, experienced broken bands and ruined watches due to too much sweat and wear; some of which cost $120+.  Don't let the price fool you, if you can find one of these in stock somewhere buy it and avoid all of that nonsense. Thanks!", "I ordered this watch and received it a few days later.  I was contacted by the seller to make sure I was satisfied with the product.  This is a handsome, light weight watch that is comfortable to wear for extended periods.Eric (Houston,Tx.)", "great product - perfectly matches a draw string Nike bag my daughter already had - well made - easy working zipper and very roomy but not too bulky", "The different compartments are great.  Perfect for taking my lunch for work, and a change of clothes for the gym.", "good watch, maybe the only thing is that it seems like if it has \"fog\" on a corner of the display but you really need to look close to notice it. and maybe its only on mine.", "This Nike watch is the coolest and my most favorite watch I have in my collection. I get comments all the time about it. In Australia particularly Adelaide we just don't have a great a choice when it comes to buying things. That's why I decided to buy this watch online and I have no regrets. The style of the watch is unique and very modern. The colours and the materials go well together. The embossed floral pattern on the watch complements the modern style and gives it an 'olde worlde' element to it. The colour of the watch is great too the blue shade is not too bright or dark and goes well with most colours.", "This is a funky little timepiece that is as stylish as it is useful. It has a clear display with a light that is very handy, and it's easy to change the settings. My favourite thing about it is the pale blue leather strap with carved leaf-like patterns.", "Still works, but the battery needs replacing, and I'm starting to strip out a screw that I'm trying to remove.  But that's neither here nor there.Facts are, this watch works well, the battery lasted for three years, it fits awesome, and being military I can get away with wearing it in a field/tactical environment without being bugged (Oh, you silly Sergeants Major!).  Anyway, I HIGHLY recommend it.  The Hard/Easy two-setting interval timer makes running interval sprints really easy.  I've been in freezing temps with it, as well as 120F temps, down to about 20-25' of depth, and to altitude (about 5000' uncompressed), and it never gave out on me.If I can't get this screw out, or the seal doesn't survive the battery change, I'll still shop for a new one just like it.  Best sport/ruggedized watch I've ever owned in 12 years in the Army, and I went through about 10 others beforehand.", "This is a great casual/sporty watch that receives lots of compliments. One surprise was that I cannot wear it on my right wrist as I've always done as it is angled for only left wrist wearers. Also, I've had to relearn how to tell time without numbers.", "I bought this Nike watch to replace a Timex kids watch that my son didn't like.  The Timex had a cloth band that secured with velcro.  He said the watch band was very \"itchy\" and as a result he didn't like to wear it.  However, he *loves* his new Nike watch.  The smooth plastic/rubber watch band is very comfortable (doesn't itch) according to my son.  The big round watch face is very easy to read for an 8 year old who just learned to tell time a couple years ago.  Finally, and most importantly to my son, it looks good and all his friends think his new watch is \"cool\".", "since the product was not received I cannot give a good review for this transaction", "This is a \"must have\" item in my gym bag. It is so important to me to know my heart rate and number of calories burned after each workout. Sometimes, when i see that my HR is not at 140, it motivates me to work a little harder to get it up there. When I forget it at home I always have a less intense workout because of the lack of info. It is important to get your heart rate up to a certain level to see results. I keep going until i get to my goal of 300 calories most days and that can take up to 40 minutes but having a way to keep track of it is priceless.", "This is my first heart monitor watch. Satisfied with the product overall.  Excellent color for a women (I did not want black), neutral color easily blends in with wardrobe.  However, instructions did not clearly explain all functionalities of the watch. At the gym, sometimes the monitor does not display accurate heart rate on machine. (this could be an issue with the equipment)  I was reluctant about wearing the monitor, but to my surprise it is very comfortable. Definitely worth what I paid.", "I love this product! Great accuracy. I don't understand how to use one of the interval training functions but it's irrelevant for my use", "I have never owned a heart rate monitor and was a little intimidated by how hard it would be to operate.  Once you follow the step by step instructions to get it set up, it's very easy to use.  The strap is easy to hide under clothes and the face of the watch is large and easy to read. I was fortunate and also found this item on sale.  Great purchase!!", "It's beautiful and it's a good watch, but I didn't rate it with 5 stars because the color is not as it looks on the picture, the brown color is a lot darker. It's still a nice watch but it's just not as it looks here.", "Bought this watch in 2009.  Great Watch ! But rubber strap lasted less than 2 years.  Whilst the watch is still in good condition I can't find a replacement strap for the WC0037 Model.  These watches are not the cheapest so would be nice to be able to replace the strap and get a few more years out of it.", "The watch is what I expected to be. It works perfectly and it looks great too. The two timers work to an advantage too.", "This watch should be part of the Mommy Uniform!  It takes a beating but still looks like a beautiful blue bangle.", "I love this watch! For so long I have been looking for a casual, sleek digital watch, and I finally found it! It's perfect! I am very happy with my purchase! It's just what I wanted. It really is a gorgeous watch", "The watch was actually a slightly different color than I originally thought... but I liked it better.  It's kind of a \"chocolate\" color.  Easy to use, and I get tons of compliments on it.  I originally just bought it to use at the gym, but it really works great as an everyday use watch (especially if you have kids).  Would definitely buy again.", "I love this watch!  I wanted a digital \"fashion\" watch and this one is very unique.  I like the features of the watch (digital with back light and has the date).", "This watch was a gift for my sister, who loves purple. When it arrived, it was perfect. She wanted a sporty watch and this was it. At the same time, it was stylish and classy enough to stand up to a nice going out outfit. Perfect watch!", "I ordered this Nike watch thinking it was pretty neat, but when I received it, I REALLY REALLY liked it! It's wonderful.  I don't have to take it off to wash dishes or shower or swim. It isn't too big and bulky.  I am a teacher of small children, and I wanted to make sure the watch I wear is one that doesn't scratch the children.  It is just perfect. If this watch gets so worn out that I can't use it, I will order the exact same watch again (maybe a different color though!!).", "it's kind confusing to adjust the time and date at first, but overall it is a good simple watch.", "This seems to be an excellent buy.  Very large digits and an excellent backlight for night reading.Access to the battery compartment is via a readily accessable screw off battery compartment cover, something I have only seen on one other quartz watch.", "I've received so many compliments on this watch.  It looks really cool and it didn't cost me as much as my Tag.  I needed a stop watch and this works.  It takes a while to figure out how to use its functions and I'm still getting used to it actually.  The setup could be more user friendly.  The fit is not as snug as most other watches probably due to the band, and the watch itself is a bit clunky, so it takes a while to get accustomed to it.  You could set the watch to 2 different times (i.e. if you need to know the time in some other part of the world) and you can do interval training however i wouldn't run with this watch, it's not that light plus the canvas band would soak up the sweat and stink.  The LED is not so bright but there's a backlight that you could turn on when you need to see the time. I guess it's a way to save battery life.  Overall, I really like it for its style and function.  It would be awesome if they sold the bands separately so I could switch out for different colors.", "The watch is really beautiful, but it lacks instructions on how to set time and date. I had to search around to find out. But it's worth buying.", "This watch look perfect for working, and exercising. It is small, reliable, and easy to adjust date + time. I recommend.", "My daughter loves the unique color of the band and the display. She says, everyone compliments her on it. Very simple and functional. Perfect for her everyday use while in college.", "Bought this watch for my niece for Christimas. It was a hit! She loved it! Would definitely recommend. Received quickly just in time for Christmas! Good buy!", "This is a comfortable and great looking watch. But the beeper volume isn't adjustable and the beeper is almost inaudible indoors and completely inaudible outdoors in the mildest traffic and weather conditions. I have excellent hearing; anyone with any hearing impairment probably won't be able to hear it at all.  I bought it for interval training for running and have to return it. A real shame, because otherwise it's great.", "I love the look of this watch, as it's small and interesting looking and attracts compliments. I also love that it's a digital watch but not clunky or with a large interface. However, the band broke four months into wearing it. I sent it back since there is a year warranty and it's not the kind of band you can replace. Now I am at my year mark of owning it, and the band is ready to go again. Don't count on this watch for everyday wear.", "I love the look of this watch, as it's small and interesting looking and attracts compliments. I also love that it's a digital watch but not clunky or with a large interface. However, the band broke four months into wearing it. I sent it back since there is a year warranty and it's not the kind of band you can replace. Now I am at my year mark of owning it, and the band is ready to go again. Don't count on this watch for everyday wear", "This watch was a gift for my daughter.  She seems to enjoy it.", "Very nice and beautiful heart monitor, I gave it to my wife, she liked a lot. The design is modern and the functions inside is enough when you are doing your work out.Very good.", "As a personal trainer, and one who works out regularly utilizing heart rate zones-  I would highly recommend the Nike Imara Heart Rate Monitor Watch.  It fits comfortably on the wrist, looks cute (which doesn't hurt), has a very easy to read display- and most importantly, reads heart rate effectively.  I'm also very impressed on how much abuse it can take (slamming into weights, being submerged in water, accidental banging, etc.).  Overall, I enjoy owning this watch and using it on a daily basis.", "I bought this to replace a Polar that just didn't fit well, and was happy to have the great fit of this one.  The clasp closure broke after only 4 uses, and it is NOT a replaceable part, so I had to return it and give up on this item", "Great ball shoe they hurt the side of ur toes somewhat but there awesome I love them", "Taiwan to US in 3 days.. all I can say is WOW!  Product as described! 100% authentic and my son loves these shoes! Awesome.", "My grandson loves these shoes and gets approval comments about them.  Great looking and comfortable.  He wears them more than any other shoe he has.", "Very nice", "Order these shoes for my son on January 28th and received today January 31st.coming from Taiwan. My son was not expecting these shoes until sometime in March he will be so happy when he gets home! The shoes look great! Thank you!", "The shoe came in great quality and feels great performs good, only thing if your gonna play ball in these shoes you will have to keep wiping dust the of the outsole if you play on a dusty court, if you play on a clean surface the shoe will perform very well. Other than that the shoe is great and I would recommend to anyone who likes that low profile feel when playing ball.-Jabari", "Alright I am going to run through 5 Pros i like about he KDVI Basketball shoes. I play Community College Basketball In Oregon not saying anything by that but I do have some experience with basketball shoes. These right here are some of the best shoes you can find and wear. If you do not care about the shoes you buy as a player then you should not be playing the game in my opinion but we all have are own.Okay so the 5 ProsLight And CompactOkay these shoes come out to be 10.6 ounces not the lightest shoes on the market but they are light and very stable for your foot. The design of the shoe is unlike most on the market today with its new technology and design to help support your foot. The Low-Top design is built for people with quick movements and for players that need to get to one point to another in a quick fashion. Kind of like Kevin Durant in a way. These will definitely help you improve your quickness if you are a guard messing with those high tops. I have worn these for awhile and have not had any ankle problems but I do wear ankle braces for support.StyleNot Much to say on this the sleek style of the shoe is beautiful. The half over the sole is not common in most shoes and what stands out about these shoes. The material is light again and comes in a variety of colors. Its Nike brand insures that you are getting top quality for the price you pay. As a basketball player we all know style gives us confidence on the court. Look Good you Play Good. So customize these if you do end up getting a pair. Do not be stuck with looking the same as other people on the court pleaze!Support:These shoes do not hug against your foot but fit for a snug support around your foot. I have worn these for awhile and have not had any blisters bumps on the bottom or sides of my feet. But when you do wear these for the first time walk around the house and break them in before you run out on the basketball court showing your new shoes. Players go and buy brand new shoes without breaking them in before they start playing then complain about how their foot got all blistered its because you did not break them in. The mold in side of the shoes mold to your exact foot structure and size. The structure is molded perfect so that you can have that quick bounce but also that support around your foot which is key.Price:You are not paying to much for these shoes! These are top of the line shoes and if you want top of the line performance then do not go and get your shoes at big 5. Go out and buy a quality basketball shoe and even if they are not KD's buy a shoe that has been on the market for awhile and that is reliable. These shoes are perfect for what they bring to the table when you are playing. The comfort, durability, style, and performance is right for the price of these shoes.The Player Kevin Durant:If you are a person who watches and loves the game of basketball. Kevin Durant is a class A person whether you appreciate him as a player or not. He conducts himself in not only a professional way but a role model for young and old players and spectators across the country. He is a class A person who would not release a shoe that was not reliable plain and simple. He wants his shoes to work and fit comfortable for all players just like his shoes fit him in games. I hope this review helped when looking for basketball shoes.", "My son loves these shoes and he never gets excited about much. Good job!", "Perfect fit", "This was a gift to my son and he was very happy with the shoes.  He wears them to play basketball and is in love with the shoes.", "This is a great shoe to either play basketball in or to wear with your street clothes I personally love wearing these with my streets clothing", "Awesome shoes! Everything as expected specially for paying extra $50 for a pair of KD's. Will definitely buy again! Thanks.", "These were bought for my husband and he loves them. They fit perfect, great new condition just like the pic. He loves they way they feel wearing them, super light weight.  I would Definitely recommend to a friend.  Shipped quick. Very pleased.", "My son loves the shoes! Though we ordered them a bit too big....he still loves them and gets plenty of compliments! Shipping was SPEEDY! Pleased with order!", "My basketball player wanted to be noticed.  He is a great basketball player, but the shoes got him noticed more.  He wears them every day.", "This fit me so good, and really really good to wear it when you are playing basketball.Say sure will come back and shop again.", "Great watch for work or going out on the town.\"Heavy duty to say the least\" The features I like best are,the band lock notch and clearty of the time and date.", "Bought the Nike Men's Press Watch recently and have been exceptionally satisfied; The watch is a great size, it has nice styling (use it for sport, dress it up, or keep it casual - this watch can pull it off) Everything on the watch feels sturdy and well made (a nice change from the Phillippe Starck watches i had in the past!!!)", "Love this watch im far sighted so the numbers bering so large is great, and keeps great time had for more than a year and has only lost few secs.", "This is an excellent, sturdy, easy to use watch.  Much improved over an older Nike watch I had that just stopped working.  Easy to use each function, easy to set timers, time, etc., and easy to clasp one-handed.  Nice feature my old watch didn't have is the shutdown, sleep timer.  You can set it to automatically sleep after 3-24 hours.  Since I only use the watch for my workout, it auto-sleeps three hours after I finish and turns back on by just pressing any button the next time I need it...helps conserve battery life...you can also turn off all beeps and backlighting to also conserve battery life. Sturdy stainless buttons are nice, too...they feel more sturdy than the plasticy-rubber ones on the old watch I had.Overall, great watch and for the price it's a pretty good deal.", "Beautiful product but had to take it to have the batterie(s) changed because it didn't work.  Thankfully it works now because I do love it!!", "I receive the product in red ... iwa sexpecting rose. but it was on time and perfect conditions. SO i kept it", "I bought this watch for myself. I was concerned at first that it wasn't going to fit but I have small wrists and it fits perfectly. I like it because the numbers are big and I can get it wet when I wash my hands. It's a great buy! I'm sure it will last me for a long time.", "My wife and I got these for the coaches of our kids. We gave it to them this morning and they were very happy with them, we even got additional thank you text messages from them. This is a great watch for kids who don't prefer a digital read-out, but for ladies as well. Just take note that the Nike swoosh and the numbers are in pink. You have to look closely at the picture posted in Amazon to see this.", "I bought it for my wife, although it is target for kids, it fits perfectly in her wrist, and could be \"2 wrist holes\" bigger that will still fits, but for a man (not kid)it is small. As it is a Nike watch is very well done, very beautifull and she uses to swim with it, until now, no problems.", "This watch is the greatest. I use it every day for swimming laps and it's always reliable. Very comfortable to wear. PLUS - battery needed changing after a year, and Nike did it for no charge, and returned my watch looking just like new! Can't beat that service!!!", "Ordered this as a replacement for a similar Nike watch. Nice, unusual shape. Watch is great because the numbers displaying the time are huge (probably about a half inch tall) and easy to see at a distance. Alarm function is useful too. Holds up well over time.", "This is a nice watch with a lot of functions. I purchased it because it has 2 alarms, although the am/pm is hard to read. Thank goodness setting it is somewhat intuitive because the directions included are useless. The watch is bulkier than I thought it would be, but it looks cool on my wrist, and it's growing on me. I know it will be very useful with the functions and the light that comes on when you press a button. I'm pretty sure that this watch can do more than I understand so far, but I don't regret my purchase. I deducted 2 stars for the lack of directions.", "I just love this Nike watch! It is comfortable and very fashionable for a digital watch. The large numbers make it easy to see the time. I like that it is water-proof, and stopwatch feature is very useful. I would highly recommend it.", "I love this watch!  Its sporty, without looking like a traditional sports watch.  This is my new everyday watch and I love it!", "This is a very nice watch. The only problem with it is the band; somehow, the material collects dust and is difficult to clean. Otherwise, the watch looks trendy and functional.", "It is great golf shoespike works well keep tight on the grasslooking good !! nice fit with a short pant and long pantsGood price", "I don't know why the picture is now showing a pair of pants because these are navy and silver Nike Shox.I got these for my son because he always chooses Nike.As usual,these are great quality,great value and ultra modern style.This is the best price I could find on Shox which are usually much more.We'll keep coming back to Nike again and again.These run true to size.", "These are my favorite pair of shoes I have ever and probably will ever own.  They are comfortable and stylish and can be worn with casual jeans and tee shirts or even leggings and a cute sweater! I LOVE THEM", "This is a great shoe. Very comfortable and not to wide like the other 9.5 air force's I own.  &#34;Gut em an swicth the laces&#34;", "EXCELLENT WATCH. WELL WORTH THE MONEY. EASY TO WEAR, TAKE ON AND OFF QUICKLY WITHOUT HAVING TO FASTEN STRAPS.AS ITS MADE OF PLASTIC DOESN'T CAUSE DERMATITUS (SKIN ALLERGIES)THIS IS THE 5TH ONE OF THESE I HAVE BOUGHT( I HAVE AN ORANGE AND GREEN ONE AND NOW THIS BLUE ONE) I LOVE THEM AND I WOULDN'T BUY ANY OTHER TYPE OF WATCH AGAIN .WELL PACKAGED AND SPEEDY DELIVERY AS USUAL.", "This watch is medium in size and fits my medium size wrist perfectly; however, the instructions on how to set it suck!", "I bought this watch a few weeks ago because I lost my other one. I was very impressed with the quality of the product. It's comfortable, waterproof and the display is crystal clear.", "this watch is a good watch at a good price. the only  problem  had was it is not adjustable so make sure you order the correct size", "i loved the way this watch looked on my wrist.  The only problem was that it broke one morning while i was putting it on.  I work in the food industry so it was great when i needed something that could just be washed off.", "Great watch,it`s even nicer than the discription and the picture.Arrived at time in excelent conditions.", "The watch is fine, but the wrist band size was too big, I have been trying to contact the vendor for return or exchange and I haven't gotten any response yet.", "I have been using these mostly for daily use/driving in the constant changing weather here in SW Ohio. Also, have use them for early to late evening / all day hunting. These work great, very pleased with the anti-fog feature.(main reason I got these) Cuts down the sun,fog,haze/and other driver's bright headlights/taillights. I have not fully had to use them in snow conditions, except for light snow flurries mixed with rain, which performed excellent. Very lightweight/comfortable to wear on nose/ears, a must have feature .", "I purchased two pairs of these sunglasses, one for my husband and one formy Dad and they both loved them.  They are a nice shade of blue with really nice lenses.", "The fit was ok.  The plastic looked a bit cheap. But was soft enough not to make blisters. But could have just been a really good fit.", "These sunglasses are very durable. The nose piece is flexible, making it possible to change the height the sunglasses sit on your face, and very comfortable earpieces. The ear pieces are somewhat flexible and do not put to much pressure on the sides of your head making it very comfortable to wear. The nose and ear pieces are both coated with some type of rubber which is very comfortable.", "Fast delivery, nice design.  Like the alternate lenses and best of all a nice case to store them in.", "I loved theses sunglasses! That is until they literally started flaking out on me.  The coating on the lens started flaking off.  It was too late to return to the vendor thru Amazon and when I contacted Nike / Marchom they said this line had been discontinued, so I was out of luck.  Beware.", "I must say, delivery was speedy and reliable. The tracking updates were a little disheartening but the results were rewarding. I would definitely buy more stuff again through Amazons impeccable online shopping services. WAY TO GO CHELSEA!!!", "Watch is great for the excercise junkie.  Interval timer is very convienent for interval running, allows you to concentrate on running instead of the time.", "Glad I made this purchase. The watch is large, but it is a conversation piece when people discover the digital face and high tech design features.The price was a deal.", "This is a great looking watch. Keeps accurate time and very easy to use. I love how you can see the time while running and the timer is counting. Glad I made this purchase.", "This is a fantastic watch - it's got a good, chunky frame but is very light and the display is large and easy to read. Ordered it from watchsavings through amazon and saved about 40% based on what nike.com was asking.", "The ordering process was flawless. I ordered it to arrive a couple of days before Christmas and got email notifications throughout the shipping process. This shoe was purchased as a Christmas gift and it has been worn every day since then. It is the most comfortable shoe the receiver has worn in the recent past.", "I have been running the Air Structure Triax for almost a decade now, and I strongly believe its fantastic support has kept me injury-free. The 10+ keeps up this tradition: I think it is lighter than its predecessor, the sole seems more flexible and, importantly, the lacing has become easier to tighten again. The one thing that I continue to regret is the lack of a loop at the heel to help slip the shoe on. But that does not take anything away from the pleasure to run in it, once you have it on your foot!", "This is a fantastic running shoe for the pronator.  It is stable and I don't have to wear my orthotics when I run in them.  I am a medium mileage runner and weigh 155lbs.", "OMG!!! What comfort, what support, what fit!! Ok, these were the exact thoughts that went thru my mind the first two miles of my first run in my brand new AST 10+. Its probably the best shoe I have owned so far in my short running experience of about 3 years. I used to swear by Asics 2xxx series. They now have a worthy competitor! Would heartily recommend them to anyone who love the Asics 2xxx, the Brooks Adrenaline GTS series (the top 2 stability shoes in the market) as well as those who use stability shoes in general. For the record, am a male, age 38, 157, so they are perfect for lighter runners like me.", "I bought these about 6 months ago. This shoe is one of the best shoes I've ever bought and I'll probably buy this again if my current pair falls apart. This shoe is pretty sturdy. I've worn it everyday since I bought it and it still looks amazing. It is also really comfortable. The shoes came with white laces, so if you like the look of white laces you can add them on. (I like the regular black laces so I'm like w/e toward the white ones). I'd recommend that you buy these shoes since they're really nice and comfortable.", "I ordered a size 13 and being a bigger guy i have a wide foot. For the first week or so the shoes were really tight especially around the toes. After i wore them in pretty good they fit perfect. well worth the price.", "These shoes were very comfortable and lasted me a long time. I've never had a shoe last in such a great condition as long as these.", "I really like these shoes. They seem like they will hold up for a long time and look and feel great. I don't skate that often but they seem like they would work really good for skating as well.", "Very comfy shoes and not flashy. These sneakers go with almost everything I wear so it's easy when I'm in a rush to toss them on and go.", "In my many years of experience of buying Nike brand shoes these are a great, everyday shoe to purchase.  I would recommend them!", "First off I like to say thank you to the seller for getting them to me with in three days.  I love these shoes, they are machine washable, nice design, clean and comfortable fitting. The price was reasonable too.  One thing I also love about these shoes is even though the sides of the bottom portion of the shoe is white the actual bottom of the shoe is black which is good because I was a little uneasy with buying them at first.  Im glad I bought them from off Amazon because I dont have to worry about going to the local Foot Locker and have a seller try to pump more money out of ME then what I expected to spend. (Even though I know no one can make you buy anything unless they are good at selling you a bs story about why you need the socks and matching insoles which means more money spent) I hate when sellers do that, that is why I dont go to Gamestop anymore either, but thats another story for another time. Online forever bye! bye! middle man.", "I ordered this item for my cousin and he is delighted with this purchase. He says they are comfortable and VERY cool. The item was delivered on time. Excellent price and perfect quality on this item.", "The shoe was in brand new condition and fit perfectly! I bought it as a gift and saved me lots of money and the headache of finding a parking space and risking the chance that the size might not even be there! Thank you!", "The shoes are definitely nice and fit. It's nike + amazon! Although it takes a couple more days than i expected to be delivered, what else can you complain about that?", "My son is delighted with his new boots. He says they are comfortable and VERY cool.Excellent price on this item.", "As a sneaker collector, I am always on the prowl for Nike Dunks, so I was extremely happy to find these on amazon. They were delivered within 72 hrs. I love the shoes, especially since finding the pre-sb dunks is not that easy. This is Great company to deal with and would highly recommend buying shoes from them.", "I bought this for son and I am very pleased of the product and the shipping was on time. My son was very happy and pleased as well. He said it is very comfortable and not stiff. I Would  highly Recommend.", "I just got these and the color is great and i really like the design. These shoes make it feel like you are wearing socks and it is amazing. The shoes have a lot of cushion but also have support. I would  definitely recommend them.", "ITS ABOUT TIME  NIKE ,, THIS SNEAKER IS AWESOME ,, IT FEELS LIKE A CLOUD AND FEELS STRONG AND LIKE FEATHER ON MY FLAT FEET ,,, ALL THE OTHER  NIKES IN MY CLOSET WILL DONATED TO HOMELESS ,", "-----The Good Stuff------great ventilation and cushioning-lightweight impact protection-really versatile shoe, can wear with almost anything-offers breathability-full mesh upper and phylon midsole-has a cushioned collar for protection around ankle-rubber waffle outsole for traction-lots of cool-----The Not So Good Stuff------they run just a little bit big with the size-----Other Comments-----I have owned many different kinds of nikes and the Nike Roshe Runs have got to be one of the most comfortable shoes that I own.Wearing these shoes makes it feels like you're walking on pillows. They are really stylish also, and Nike offers a wide variety of selection.Although these shoes are really stylish and look \"cool\" I would not recommend running in them. In my opinion, I feel like they arepretty big and too heavy for running. All in all, Nike Roshe Runs are a really comfortable shoe.Review by Anthony Sarmiento", "Comfy and look great. My son was thrilled with them. We would order these again.He got them in blue", "These are incredibly comfortable and light. The upper is a very thin mesh material that breathes well, and the bottom is a very cushy foam type of material. The sole is a squishy ridged material that is incredibly supportive. It's like walking on a big squishy piece of memory foam, or walking on a cloud. I've worn other cushioned running shoes and they were nowhere near as comfortable as this. These are the most comfortable shoes I've ever worn, and I'm quite picky as I have very flat feet. Definitely recommend these. I'm not the biggest fan of the styling, but they're still pretty good looking shoes.", "The shoe I already knew was going to be great I have multiple pairs now but the main point is the seller he left me a hand written note with the box it came on time and wasn't damaged or worn down love this purchase", "I WISH I COULD BUY 10 MORE PARES IF I COULD ITS LIKE WEARING SOX ON MY FEET AND THEY MATCH EVERYTHING.THANK U VERY MUCH!!!!", "Shipping came earlier than expected.  The shoe itself is what I wanted right now.  Something simple, not flashy and most of all very comfortable.  I still need to break them in.  I tried these out at the mall before ordering online.  Glad I did because I had to order a half size down.  Very light weight shoe.  I don't plan on running with these.  It'll just be my every day, go to the groceries type of shoe.  I'm not a shoe collector at all or follow new trends. I just wanted something with quality and be comfortable , and Roshe is what I was looking for right now.", "Was what I expected quick delevery will order soon again  nice shows I recommend to any one that is on feet a lot", "They are really comfortable and look good.  They are extremely light.  I bought them for my 17 year old.  His brother ended up ordering some and now the other brother wants some and my husband also!", "Good quality. Nice shoes.  Comfortable. Good color. Arrived promptly. Purchased as a gift for my 14 year old  grand son & he  loves them.", "hi i like this shoe it is so comfy and i wanna buy it how much would u start the price at", "most comfortable shoes ever! I love them. I love the memory foam innersoles! Be careful and don't stem in the mud in the light color", "This item was a great gift for my fianc&eacute;. He loved it and said it is very comfortable and very stylish.", "Very comfortable.", "Comfortable", "I bought these as a gift for an 8th grader.  He loved them.  He wears them to school everyday.  Thanks.", "I like, itsCool, and nice,  but i feel very surprise when i discover That it was sended form China", "These sneakers are extremely comfortable. If you have tried I pair of Roshes I highly recommend that you do. Team Roshe!", "I purchased these sneakers for my son as a Christmas gift. He loves them, he claims he wants another pair in another color.  I am so glad I purchased them for him.", "i can see my toes through it lol but it is great sexy light and feels like marshmellows on my feet great shoe will get more asap no rocky", "Bought the NIke as a request from my son. Not my style but my son loves it.  Says it's comfortable and stylish.", "And they came fairly fast Everyone says they like them and they r very comfortable and light weight I don't reget buying and I had them for awhile now and they r still in good condition", "I really liked the roshe runs, I just wished I bought it eariler but plan on buying more, stay tuned", "Very comfortable shoe.  Feels great when I wear them and they look great too.  I would recommend these shoes to all my friends.", "is very good product , i like the Nike because is good quality.I don't like has the little size", "It is the best and I like it a lot. Thanks the Nike team!", "great fit. they are comfortable and the color is great.it gets a lot of attention and people always complement the color", "They are tearing really fast and easy. Good light shoes but not sturdy at all. The mesh tears easy up front", "great casual nike shoe but in my eyes far from being a good running shoe. The heel is very high and makes running unstable. I would recommend this shoe for walks and for the gym but not running, deadlifting or squating", "I LOVE ROSHE'S. Super comfortable and definitely worth the money. I had a pair of free runs and would prefer these over that. After a while the clothe fabric does rip, just make sure you clip your toe nails, you should be good.", "Very Good Fits Perfectly And Feels So Good For Going To Gym , Running Or Just Walking I Have Used It For Everything Best Shoes In The World I Have Almost All Of Them All Colors But One Thing I Didnt Like Was That Its Over Prices But I Don't Really Care Cause I Got Money To Blow", "I bought these for my daughter, who is away at school.  She had wanted these shoes because she heard they were solid & supportive while being light at the same time.  She could not be happier!", "Ordered for my son & he loved it. Wore it on XMAS day.  He specifically wanted this brand of shoe because of how comfy", "This product is excellent. I receieved the right size and everything. I had no problems with this product I purchased.", "Great shoe for general use, not a real running shoe....very comfortable with or w/o socks. Perfect summer footwear, light too!", "great running shoes,my son loves them; they're very comfortable and light weight. I highly recomend this shoes for sports or even for school!", "Great product fit my son [perfect he loves it great price! I am probaly buying another pair! love all the different clolor combos", "Good fit, very satisfied with the shoe so far. Good for the function of running around foam track at school.", "Thank you  Thank you Thank you... I haven't gave them to my husband yet.. so hopefully they fit.. But I love them... and the price was right!!", "Great spring/summer shoe. Not really for running. Fits true to size but is also a soft mesh so there's some give.", "I DID NOT KNOW WHAT THEY WERE NOW THE YOUNGEST SON WANTS A PAIR AS WELLL.LOOKING FOR A SALE MAYBE SOON.", "I bought these in the mall....70 bucks ( I checked several well known athletic shoe stores) checked on Amazon to pick up a other pair thinking they would be similarity priced. NOPE!However if you are looking for a great shoe boy howdy this is it....very comfortable lots of cushioning and breathable.", "Good fit.light weight", "Nice looking shoes but not sure if they are for 12 year old boys. The fabric is fraying around the top of the shoelaces.  He loves them.", "Fit great, good shoes. It's very comfortable. These shoes are perfect for runing. It's just great. And this seller made it come pretty fast", "PERFECT EVERYTHING!!!! THESE SHOES IS MY MUZZAFELKIN NEW FREEINDS YO. IF UZ UP 2 ME ID OWNZ LYK 200 PURRZ OF DEEZ HOEZ, YA FEEL ME..? REAL SHI BRUH", "Got this for someone for christmas. Had looked in many stores for similar items and all were higher priced. Very happy with this purchase.", "I wore the Pegasus when I was running road races in the eighties.  I cycle now; in short, I am stuck on something good thing.", "I will start by saying, I am not a runner, and bought these before going off to school. They were surprisingly comfy, and also very light; perhaps the lightest shoes I have owned. Although not a runner, I am a soccer player, and had to take off for a two mile run one of the first days I owned them. The sneakers, although not broken in, were perfect for the run, and left my feet in tact.I do not like to run, but these shoes make the uncomfortable task tolerable. I run twice a week, and just today ran three miles in these shoes. They are perfect for running or even just walking.", "I have worn 5 of these watches in both the medium and large sizes, and a bunch of colors. I love them. They work, and last for a good long time, yet are inexpensive and fairly durable - even though I am very hard on watches. I will concede I have small wrists, so they may not be appropriate for anyone who has a large wrist, but they are terrific bargains given how well they work, and the cost. Love Love Love. Now if only Nike would consider making them again, I would be a permanent customer. They are currently discontinued.", "The item I purchased was excelent.  I just didn't expect the face to be so large.  The picture does not give a very good image of what the watches size is.  I think an additional view from the watch on its side would be helpful.", "I order it on the 29 and I get this product on the 1st and its stands shipping, from Utal to CaliforniaI bought the purple one I look great and I'm very happy with it", "I bought a pair of these shoes while shoping for a high top skate shoe. I was very happy at first. The reason I am writing this review is after only a few months of mostly weekend wear, they now make a squeak noise everytime I take a step. I am unhappy because they make me feel like a clown from a Pink Panther episode. Good try Nike, the stars are for looks, comfort, and grippy soles. The lack of stars are for the rapid decline in quality and need to replace before they are worn out.", "I just received a pair of size 12 Nike 6.0 Mavrks in black/white from this page and I love them. They look rad, got here in 4 days on Standard shipping and they just are awesome.", "I really like this watch, looks very nice for a sports watch. I love the analog hands give it a bit of style. Only a simple stop watch but works great. A little bulky for my small wrists but i still like it a lot.", "Comfortable and I love the alternative design.  I get comments on it all the time.  The only downside is that sometimes if you hyperflex you hand, it can hit the mode button.  No big deal.", "It's a very nice sport watch, and for the price you can't get better than that. I use for soccer games and to keep my time running. And i also get a lot of compliments for the design.", "I got this watch on 2008 for my hubby for xmas gift and he loves it, he wears it all the time to the gym, Volleyball game or any sport event and he had only changed the battery, the strap still in perfect condition.  Great price and great look:)", "This watch was purchased over a year ago and still works great.  The only negative thing is that the screen will scratch easily.  Otherwise very happy with this product.", "You get what you see. It's a Nike product, you know what I mean. Great watch.", "is very practical, not that commun wich was what i loved about it, on the left it has a cronometer so if you go runing this is the watch.", "They were much too large and I returned them. Pity, they look great. Just didn't have my size. O well.", "I got the correct shoe size, and they're pretty comfortable just have to break them in and them I'm set.", "If you know sneakers, you know AF-1. This is, in my opinion, the sneaker of perfection. Very comfortable, light and perfectly balanced. I am extremely happy with this purchase.", "Although it's a men's NIKE it looks great on women too. Bought them for my 19 yr old daughter who works in a factory and is always on her feet.  Very comfortable. Has her large feet looking very neat.  She loves them!", "I got them, and they are pretty good shoes.  I am used to the puffy shoes, so it was a little of a change, but they're good.", "I am FDNF in Japan and the shipping over here was excellent. Thank you for sending these shoes to me.", "I've been wearing these for over a year. Comfortable and they look great. When these wear out I will buy another pair.", "These are really comfortable and they fit very good! Came really quickly too! Great buy and a great price. Would buy again.", "Great shoes. Fit great. Very durable.  I have been wearing these shoes at work 10-11 hours a day delivering parcels for a couple weeks. So far comfortable and durable.", "My son loves the shoes! I bought it for him to wear as school uniform shoes. He says the fit is perfect & very comfortable.", "deliverd on time. fits great as i thought they would. I allready had a pair. the heals do were down quick. I get about 3 months out of a pair.", "I use these shoes for work. They fit well and give good support. My only compliant is the shoe laces do not stayed tied all the times.", "I love these shoes. I prefer the low tops because the high/mid ones make a strange &#34;leathery squish&#34; noise when I walked. I really suggest going to a store and trying them on before ordering online. I wear 10s in AF1s but 10.5 in any other brand.They always look good with anything.", "This is a great shoe. I have 3 pairs different colors!! would recommend this shoe to others. You should get a pair as well.", "I bought this for my grandson...the fit is loose, but perfect for comfort.  The quality is top-notch and will stand up to boy's play and many, many washings!  I would buy another in another color if available...a Happy Grandmother", "My son-law wore out his last pair of nike sandals so this was just what he needed. They fit just right so are true to size.", "I'been wearing these shoes for almost six years. They are part of my daily life. I use them almost all the time while at home. I was looking for them for a while. They are very confortable light and easy to clean.  I always travel with them specially when I go to the beach. They dry off very easy...you never get tired of using them...Hope, Nike continues to deliver these FANTASTIC pair of shoes...good oportunity to show their quality.By the way, I strongly recomend them...", "Fit well, seems to be good material and will last long. This is my second pare my brother and I use both of them for house use", "I wear a size 12. This is more like a size 13. It is nice looking though for a sandle", "wow these are great slip on sandals. arch support, cushion and durability. These are simply SUPER SUMMER SLIP-ON SANDALS! WOOT!", "These are great shoes.  I use them for everything during the hot Texas summers. I highly recommend them to anyone", "I lived in these when I spent a month in Hawaii.They're classy (not garish like so many), cheap, lightweight, durable and don't retain water. I wouldn't be surprised if they float, but I haven't checked.Can't find these in stores any more, so I'm stocking up.", "My son had been looking unsuccessfully for this pair of sandals to replace the pair he previously wore.  I found them on Amazon and they were exactly what he wanted.  Fit is great and they were delivered in a very timely manner.", "I bought these for my son who does not like to wear flip flops.  He loves these!!  Easy on and easy to wear.  They are also very durable.", "Very lite fits well. Its a good comfort after a long day kicking off the boots in the evening. Nice and cool", "These sandals are very comfortable and are easy to keep clean, you can just spray them off.  We use them as household slippers just wear them with socks.", "I really liked these shoes for my son, he wore them on and off the court for indoor soccer.  I would have bought him another pair but he wore them without socks and it stunk up my shoe closet.", "WELL, I'M A PRETTY UNCONFORM BECAUSE THE WATCH CAMES WITH BATTERY DISCHARGED, BUT HOWEVER I LOVE THIS WATCH....", "I wanted a watch with a durable band that will hold up to strenuous activities. The watch has a band made of a very strong rubber that will not break or wear out.Also as a plus the watch face has a nice simple design and looks great.", "It didn't fit my hand.Looks like it is for childrenWaste of time.I already return the item.", "while this watch looks awesome, it really isn't....every time you move your wrist, it changes the mode. and since i bought it \"used, like new\" there weren't directions with it to be able to easily tell how to reset it.", "The is a great watch. It has low profile,is angled so it is easy to read on the run and is great for runners.This model is \"unisex' which means it is for a small wrist. I have the larger - not unisex model which fits fine. This model barely fits around my wrist. I have an average size wrist.", "Absolutely love this watch.  Is sporty, cool looking.  The only thing is that it gets dirty quickly but a quick wipe with a moist rag, gets rid of that.  Love it though!", "I prefer the newer version of this without so much metal on the body (recently bought another one) but the s-shape is awesome and the large numbers are a MUST for swimming laps or running.", "The Nike watch I received from Amazon.com was everything I had hoped for.  This watch is a very good buy and is an excellent product.  I won't hesitate to use Amazon again.", "This is a fantastic watch! It's very slim, stylish, and it goes with everything. I'm going to get more in different colors! I highly recommend this watch.", "True to size. I bought these for my 17 yr old son for a gift and he loved them! Quality product for half the price they are in the malls m", "These were my first low dunk skate shoes and I gotta say that I love them. The fit comfortably and are a perfect fit. I got a half size bigger (10.5) because my size of 10 was not available and it fit perfectly. Would definitely recommend these shoes.", "Love these! Where them a lot! They look great and fit really well!made very well and durable! I highly recommend!", "My son is on his second pair of these. He wore the last pair every single day for the past year!! He finishes basketball practice and slides into these. The are very true to size. He wears an eight in mens and they fit perfect. Not to wide. Will continue to make sure we have a pair handy at all times since he wears them to school daily and also after ball practice.", "I love it didnt even get dirty beutiful quality just the right size well done very good job well done", "Great product", "My 1st pair lasted over 3 years :)I wore them almost daily :)Now on my 2nd pair,I wont recommend another sandal to anyone :)Just go with nike,you cant fail :)", "Don't fit your feet!!! they squeeze on the top of your foot! not very comfortable either, don't recommend buying enless you got girl feet", "I am almost positive these are women's sandals.....My foot will not even fit through the sandals and I dont have wide feet.  I just threw away the packaging before I even tried them on because I was on a hurry and now I am stuck with these sandals that are not even close to fitting.", "I got them for my from they fit fine he likes them they are grippy so they won't fall off.", "Bought this as a gift for my boyfriend; he loves them! One of the few slide-on athletic sandals that doesn't crack and break so easily. Great product", "I bought these as a gift for my mom. When I first purchased them the picture of the sandal was of a black Nike slide, but when I got the shoe it was a grey one. I actually liked the grey one much better as these were for my mom. I bought her a 7.5 and they fit perfect. I know these say Mens, however they fit perfect for a women.", "Tight across the arches. Will hopefully stretch with time. Otherwise, they have very good construction, look and feel. They look sharp.", "I ordered the Nike sandals for my teenage son. The price was great compared to buying local. The sizing was as expected, he was very happy with them.", "The product arrived on time and in great condition.  Also the sizing was perfect!  This is to fill space because it makes you have too many words for a simple explanation.", "They can on time and they fit perfectly!", "Fits perfect, and is it very comfortable.  The inside is very soft and it looks nice with blue jeans, thanks.", "Feels good little bit too tight In time  i hope they will stretch out. Feels good on the bottom of my feet", "These sandals are Very comfortable yet durable.  Great sandal at a great value!  My husband loved them. I highly recommend them", "really comfy and perfect for the summer. also they go with basically everythingreally comfy and perfect for the summer. also they go with basically everything", "These are exactly what he wanted.", "the sandals fit great. But, wrong size. Ineed a 12 size to fit me.  the 16 is longer than i need them to be. I will keep them because I need something to wear around while in afghanistan.", "I ordered this item for a co- worker son. She wanted to get them something but don't have a computer. He love it!!! She said he didn't want to take them off.", "Nice and soft, hugs my feet just right. At first it seemed a little small but turned out to be perfect.", "I bought these sandals for my husband and he loves them.  The size fits perfectly and are very comfortable to wear.  The shoes are water resistent as well.  No complaints so far.", "Extremely Comfortable and the sizes are correct. Though be careful because the white nike symbol gets stained easily. Will surely buy it over and over again.", "So far this sandal has met every expectation. It fits well, seems to be durable, and overall very light and sturdy. I like the simple style of it and thats why i purchased them in the first place.If I had to say something negative i would say the strap is a bit snug out of the box but seems to be stretching out appropriately.Overall a great purchase, worth the price for sure.", "Soft as hell! Thought that these wouldn't be as great as the Adidas slippers I owned but these where 10x better in every aspect and even cheaper too!!", "I've been wearing these around the house for a long time now and they are always really comfortable and are still in great condition despite the fact that shoes don't usually last me very long.  I'm really happy with this purchase.", "These sandals are not that bad. It is pretty comfortable and good fitting. Sometimes when I put the sandals on I had to push feet or force my feet to fit. I should be got 8.5 but I'm okay with 8. This item is a need and I need it to look good with my Nike Outfits. Thx", "Bought them for my boyfriend. He loved them and very quick shipping. I would recommend them to anybody looking for this item.", "I really like these. This is my 3rd pair, and they are very comfortable. good for walking around the house.", "Really nice sandals, look good and feel awesome on it!! i would buy it again if need it!! great product!!", "My son wears a size 14D and we purchased a pair of these at a local store. They were the models with an adjustable Velcro strip over the foot. The pair I ordered from Amazon was a solid strap, so consequently they didn't fit. The sandals themselves were great, wore well and he loved them, but if the wearer is large in stature, these probably aren't what you want.", "Fit great", "This product is very comfortable to wear and great for wearing before and after baseball games. Another great product by nike.", "I love the smell.They feel so confortable.They feel great.They are worth the money , and have no regrets at all.", "fast shipping .fair pricei recommend these sandals if your interested.product is just as shown in the picture .i would buy again.", "Purchased as a gift for my father with the intent for them to be used as house shoes/easy to wear when stepping outside to grill or sit on the patio. The shoe itself is fine; however, the band is not flexible. My dad regifted them and we had to make another purchase of a similar item. The seller was great and easy to work with.", "Good quality shower shoes and also plenty comfortable while just schlepping around the house. The thick soles let me walk around outside too. Best scuffies I've had in a while.", "The one and only top strap broke away from the sandal. Granted it was well used, but it could have been used more.", "I suck at wearing sandals.  Thong style is not even an option for me.  I purchased this with very high hopes.  I'm sure a lot of the problem has to do with me but they constantly slip off.  After trying on a bunch of other Nike sandals at a sporting goods store, i regretted this purchase.  There are so many better options out there.  Go try some on in person before buying online.", "My husband wears these Nike sandals all the time. He says they are one of the best sandals he's worn.", "Great sandals, fit. regular size. excellent queality nice to use in cold weather too with socks, look great really. bye", "Great sandles, but fit kinda small. I had to give them to my brother. I ordered a size twelve, but maybe a 14 would have been better. Great quality and comfort though ( my bro loves them )", "Not a lot of choices for men wearing a size 18 but we can always count on Nike to fit well for my son.", "My boyfriend and I work at a summer camp and he really needed shoes he could wear around water. I bought him these and I was a little worried, but they're perfect. He's flat footed but these shoes fit him wonderfully, and they dry in a reasonable amount of time if you leave them out to do so. They're comfortable and he wears them all the time now. Thanks!", "The shoe is the correct length, but the unadjustable strap is alil too small I had to stretch it out over time so that it would some what fit. Great price.", "There amazing and worth the money! I wear them everywhere cause they look too nice.They fit perfectly and are soft.", "I have have many pair of cheap shower type foot wear and did not think it make that much better if I spent more. Was I wrong as this pair is great on my feet and looks great and have kept up with a lot of wear and tear but still look and feel new.", "They were a gift for my so. And he wears them everyday. I would buy another pair.  Great gift, great color as well.", "the style looks similar to the hook and loop adjustable dandle, but they do not adjust. just slip on but good enough for the shower.", "Somewhat snug around the feet i just bought a size up from my regular size other that no they are very good sandals", "These sandals actually fit size wise very good, its the piece that goes over my foot that seems too small for my feet.  These keep coming off my feet when I am walking; I have a high arch and that might be the problem, maybe they will stretch and stay on my feet once they are broken in, but, I don't wear them any longer as they do not stay on my feet.  I will not buy this type sandal again.", "Slides arrived fast during the Christmas Holidays.  They are perfect.  My son loves these Nike Swoosh Slide Sandals.  Will be back.", "I loved the fact that it came on line but for a slippers they could have packaged it better than that. A big box for a small slipper was not what i expected and it ended up costing me more money to clear.", "Good material soft and stretchy to conform to my feet. However I only went 1 size up and I have wide feet, so they don't fit well.", "They were a gift for my boyfriend and he loves them. True to size and exactly as they are pictured. Great price. Nice sandal.", "These slippers were too close a fit. Even though they were purchased, as a gift, for someone with pretty narrow feet. They would be better if they were a wider width.", "Great sandal for the money you pay for. Pretty comfy sandals to use and are pretty durable. I recommend any one to buy them", "very good condition and perfect the exact size I got were a little tight but spectacular mind well and arrived on time and the color I like, and super lightweight", "these shoes are a very comfortable fit for daily use and i would highly recommend purchasing a pair for yourself.", "I bought these for my hubby as a replacement for a 10+ year old pair that he refuses to throw away, and they were a HUGE hit! They fit perfectly (he wears an 11.5 and I bought the size 12 since they do not come in half sizes) and he says they are very comfy. May not be a great fashion statement, but much better than the ratty old pair (also Nike) and we can support a regional brand. We are both quite pleased!", "Fabulous fit, look great, feel awesome, and best of all, great price and great service. Delivered as promised and I am thrilled.", "I needed sandals, they have begun to wear in, and for the most part are reasonably comfortable. I use them for after basketball practice, and again, they work fine. If you hear about any other pair of sandals that are incredible or great, I would pass on these and try them out....", "I should have known better than to have ordered my exact size in these slippers, then again, it didn't say anywhere on the reviews that they ran small.  Other than that I'm sure they would have been very comfortable.", "very nice :D :D :D A+++++++++++++++++++++++++ lo mejor bien :3 d  d d fdd df fd dc d df f", "just love it, good cushion, fits perfect. like the other products of this brand, just perfect. if you wanna walk for a long time", "I bought this as a gift for someone and they loved it. I'm glad and a satisfied customer.This was a great purchase.", "I bought these for my 11 year old son, and they fit true to size.  He loves them, and says they are very comfortable.", "My husband loves these shoes and so do I. I think I wear them more that he does. Very comfortable.", "Item is not adjustable, so you need to order a size or two bigger. (depending on your width) Over all liked it!!", "love them . fit perfectly. as expected. so easy to put on and get off with those big wooly winter socks on!", "Feel comfortable in my feet. It doesn't hurt my feet. I can walk in the street with it in my feet", "These are very comfy and I like them a lot. They are like sturdy spa slippers and feel very soft. Easy to put on and off. Perfect for the summer.", "I've had this for years. It's every comfortable, and fits just &#34;well&#34; on my feet.The price is also reasonable for this quality; however, do not ever bend the sandals (try not to, even if it was an accident)because the rubber is too fragile, and will crack eventually (which really isn't great at all)", "its a good shoe but the Velcro part is too small needs to be bigger cause when i wear socks with he shoe i literally have to squeeze them to get threw its a pain in the but i still love my nike sandals", "Theses are great.  They last a long time.  Secure fit and comfortable as well.  This is my second pair.  Nike rocks.", "Good shoes but they are a little too narrow for my foot .THey should make them more broad . Otherwise it is good to go.", "I needed a quick pair of sandals and saw this on the front page. Great reviews was what persuade me to give this pair of shoes a chance. Everything about these sandals are great, however, I wish I had purchased a half a size bigger.", "It has been a year and these slippers are still going strong. I wear them out and about the house and when I want something comfortable after a workout. Definitely recommend these.", "perfect size on time i like this product and it is very cheap i recommend this color size perfect product", "Fits pretty good and is comfortable. That's all you should want to know if you're going to buy this product.", "He loved them they were just what he wanted, did not give him blisters quill order another pair soon enough", "Hey, if you want to walk around with Styrofoam underneath your feet, well, these sandals are perfect for you! I personally like rubber because rubber is higher quality, but I guess Styrofoam works great if you are on a budget. Perfect sandal for that person you hate in your life!", "These are really nice quality sandals with good grip and feel nice after long usage, my only complaint is the top strap to the end of the sandal is a bit long so it has excess space to the edge", "this Nike slippers is real strong and long lasting and looks great i wear mines to work im from the Caribbean so we like  to where slippers at all times  a great buy", "Thanks! I really enjoy my slippers! Have a great day and a happy new year!! They are comfortable and I wear them every single day", "THe sandals are very nice, wish we would have ordered a larger size.  We will know better next time.  Otherwise, arrived in a timely manner and in good condition.", "Very nice sandal but the top is too tight, and not adjustable. I got size 12, the length is good, but my foot won't slide in past my toes, so my heel hangs off the back & the front sticks way out. So I bought Walmart slide sandals for $7 which fit & work fine.", "got these for my son that wears a size 15 and they fit great but didnt know they wasnt adjustable but that was on me but good shipping time and thank you", "awesome nike slides! my first pair! a tip, dont use them while balling it will destroy them!!!but theyre comfy and cool and i like it", "Comfortable. Great for everyday wear or just to wear around the house. They are completely water proof so they could be used for shower shoes also. Great to wear around the gym after/before a workout and not too expensive for the quality. Overall good buy.", "This was  a good buy and I am satisfied.  I  feel  that they are fairly priced, and from an excellent company.  I do havea little problem keeping them on my feet.  I have found that if I drag my feet, they will stay on better.  Over all, I am wellpleased.", "i was looking for some sandals because i hate the thong style flip flop and i came across these and they are great.  Very comfortable, built to last and easy to clean.  I would recommend these sliders.", "Ive been looking for some sandals like these. They seem very strong and i wear them every where. The reason i give 5 stars is because i don't have nothing to complain about.", "Great sandals", "I never where shoes now due to these. very comfortable and wearable in socks. Socks! yes, I wear them with socks", "Extremely comfortable my boyfriends loves these and I steal them all the time. Bought them as a gift but wish they were mine.", "My son loves these Nike slides, he says they're very comfortable, they don't slip off accidentally but they are easy to get in & out of.  They fit as expected and arrived quickly.", "I really love these Nike sandals. They're very comfortable, and also fitting. I would recommend this item to anyone looking for new sandals. Perfect for around the house, or if you're headed to a short day of classes.", "I bought these for my son and they were a perfect fit and he wears them all the time! Great!!!!", "Got these for my son..they fit very well . The expected quality of a Nike product very satisfied with my purchase.", "the price is deffinitly right on these sandals! and theyre super comfy! perfect for your boyfriend or even your self!", "I love the look of my Nike sandals, but whenever I am in them my feet (especially my right foot) always seem to slip down a bit, so they are not always as snug as I would like for them to be.  Almost wish they had a backing on them.  But overall very happy with them.", "Classic sandals and they fell good on your feet. make a statement with these classical shoes by buying you a pair", "I gave these to my husband and he loves them. He wears them all the time. Great purchase. I would buy again.", "Fit well and very comfortable, . . . .. . . . . . . . . . . . .", "It is very comfortable but I needed a size 7 instead of 6. I will be returningit soon. would you be able to send me a size 7. Thank you I will recommend this product for all my friends.", "Love it! I wear it everywhere! Rubber is nice and bendable. You know with Nike you're getting a quality sandal. Very nice quality and it will definitely last a good amount of years!!", "I gave these as a gift and they are of excellent quality and comfort the receiver loved them and said they will buy this kind again", "I purchased these for my husband.  His comments are:  Fit is perfect.  They are very comfortable.  They blend well with the rest of my Nike gear.", "Great, they were just what he wanted and fit perfect. Much easier than going to the mall and trying to find the exact thing my son wanted.", "NICE, COMFY, AND INEXPENSIVE SHOES!!! QUICK SHIPPING TOO!! This is my second pair (well I bought myself a pair and then decided to get my son a pair too). I'm sure I will buy from this seller in the future!! Awesome service!", "I bought this for my grandson and he has not gotten it yet but it looks fantastic and like it will last a long time  Great delivery time as well  Thanks", "I bought these sandals for my grandson who happens to have large size feet.  He cannot find these in a store and was very happy to find them online.  They fit very well and was impressed with the elastic, instead of Velcro, that keeps the sandal on his feet.", "They are extremely comfortable and fit perfect.the sandals are a  good choice in a shoe if you are looking into sandals", "these sandals were perfect. i have 4 pairs of these sandals. these are the best sandals you can buy with money in my opinion. definitely worth every penny spent", "my grandson loves these slippers and if he's happy i am happy thanks we will be back for more soon", "My Son was elated that I was able to get these for him.  He will enjoy wearing these until they fall apart.", "good value", "bought it as a just because gift. 1 year later holds up just as nicely. still very comfortable not stinking even though it has met with water quite frequently. So much so that I share it with my husband", "I really like the fit and quality of these. I use them around the house and after any races (runner). Would buy again", "This was a gift to my boyfriend and he loved it! The shoe is true to size and very comfortable. :)", "These were a gift for my 12 year old, they fit well. He says they are comfortable and they were a good deal.", "Very comfortable! My son loves them, and wears them almost every day. They have held up nicely and arrived as expected.", "Cool shoes, great price, but not really true to size.  I would've ordered a size up if I were to order again.", "These sandals feel great. The top strap is a bit tight and I've got a rather slim foot, but, overall shoe sizing seems accurate and the strap padding is very soft. I was thinking about using these for shower shoes, but I'm not sure about getting soap suds in the layer of padding under the strap.Overall a great sandal from Nike.", "These sandals are great looking and fit amazing, i went to store and tried some on, just bought them online, for convenience purposes. They do the job, i wear them to shower and not athletes foot;D", "They fit too tight.  I would suggest ordering two sizes up rather than the size you wear so they will fit better.", "very good product, excellent quality and very nice product q is a real worth buying I recommend nice nice nice", "I have had these for about 2-3 years so far and they are still as good as new. Made in Vietnam, these Benassi Swoosh sandals are comfortable due to the injected Phylon midsole and surprisingly durable. I would think that the logo would come off pretty easily over time, but it's still there, just as new. I've worn these not only at home, but also outside in wet/dry, rough terrain. I just need a wipe with a moist towel and you won't be able to tell the difference between a new one and this one.", "Look like I was expected. I will take to my country, my nephew will be happy. These sandals looks terrific, and comfortable.", "This product is great.  I wear them to basketball all the time so when I get to the gym I can take these off and put my basketball shoes on.  I recommend these to anyone that plays basketball and doesn't  want to wear their shoes outside and ruin them.", "good and exactly want I wanted. They are very comfortable and it's a good purchase but Nike usually is good.", "i bought these to wear to the beach insted of my nike frees so they wouldn't get all sandy there very comfortable and are sure made to last.they are a taddy bitty small but still fit my size 8 and probably will for the next 6 months or so", "My favorite brand is nike that's why I selected this item but it's not fit for me, but it's ok", "These were a Christmas gift for my brother.  he wears them all the time..  we're the same size so I tried them on and they have a nice fit", "Love that I don't have to walk on uncomfortable concrete pool deck. The shoes look great and feel even better!", "great pair of slide sandals next time i'll by two or three more pair of slide sandals in colors ...", "Replacing son's but couldnt find any at this time of year so got them from amazon, where I have come to realize I can get anything anytime and am generally happy. they are just as described and he is happpy with them.  They fit normal sizing.", "I got these slippers for my boyfriend and he absolutely loved them! Fit great and super comfy and he can wear them anywhere. Great gift thanks!", "My son got these last year on Christmas and wrecked them. So he has a NEW pair for Christmas. :)", "This is shoe is an okay buy for those who are medium to high rough on shoes. However it would be a good buy if you are not planning on wearing these every day. My son plays football and he alternates between this flop and another. The problem with this okay shoes is that the rubber overtime wears quickly and began to shift from its original look. I have learned that my 16-yr old must have something a little more sturdy next time.", "Good price, well made sandals. I bought these for my son and now wears them all the time after practice. Also very comfortable.", "i chose these flip flops because ive always wanted a paid due to how comfortable they are, when i got them i was so thrilled and i wear them almost every day.  They are affordable and light weight too", "Love this sandal.  Fits perfectly and the traction on smooth wet surfaces is great.  Very comfortable.  I would recommend this sandal for those looking for a great, comfortable sandal.", "I purchased these sandals for a family member. They found them to be comfortable and wear them daily around the house primarily but have worn them out of the home. I purchased these over 3 months ago and they still look new!! This sandal will easily wear for 2-4 years before needing replaced!", "I JUST WISH THE WOULD COME MORE WIDER ,AT LESS'' WW''BUT FOR THE REST THEY ARE CONFORTABLE AND NICE TO WALK WITH THEM.", "nice product i choose somewhat small size but it's okayi would recommended this to every one i know for sure", "The shoes was just as expected. They fit real good, very soft. I would recommend to anyone that need some. Thank you", "Son loved them, would definately purchase again, nothing else to say about the purchase made, he just liked them alot", "Ordered for my nephew. He is satisfied with them which means I'm satisfied as well. I would order this product again.", "Not a bad pair of sandals for the price. Very light. I prefer the thong type sandals(flip flops) over these usually, especially Reefs. But Reefs are more pricey. These Nike sandals are good value though.", "I purchased these in a mens 4 i wear a womans 6 had to return them and got a 5 mens.. Fit way better than the 4's. ..Good light wight shoe.. With socks on a lil slippery tho so be careful", "Fit right. Feels great. Lasts a long time (I've gone through 4 pair). I have these located by the pool, garage, back door and front door.Worth every penny.", "I look for traction and fit in such footwear.  These have both.  I have used them for a couple of months.  The grip on my feet is not great, but it's a very good product.", "I bought these so the whole household can slip them on to take the dog outside as needed. These are great. They are quite comfortable. In fact, I've spotted some family members keeping them on throughout the day, because they said they are incredibly comfortable. They are squishy, yet firm. Great material. Would buy again.", "took several weeks for the top strap to adjust to my feet but now they are perfect.  will buy again!", "These shoes are a little snug but once you break them in they fit perfect. I bought them at a great price.", "My son has size 18's, and you know there are not enough places out there that cater to the tall and large footed.  These are comfortable and the perfect size, and bonus ~ a great price ~ something I never seem to get!  Thanks!", "These were some pretty nice sandals I liked how they fit my foot . it gives my feet comfort and movability.", "These are one of the best sandals I've ever had. I have a pair of Reefs too but these are usually what I wear. The fit seems right on the money and after a short break in they just feel great. Not wild about the big swoosh thing but you can't have everything.", "I just wish I could get my son to wear these more often since his feet are so smelly ;-)", "Bought these flip flops for my husband. He says they're very comfortable. Arrived very quickly. Item as described. He likes them.", "Quality looks good but the over strap is way too tight to be size 12. 10 1/2 maybe but that's not what I ordered.", "I bought these for my bf. It fits him perfectly! True to size. And it's very very comfortable, he loves it!", "These are fantastic slides.  I used to only buy adidas slides but they have been all worn apart and I saw a lot of people who had these, and my one friend recommended them. They are fantastic.. by far the best slides I've ever owned.  Very comfortable and fit well.  I originally got a size 9, as I am a 9/9.5 and they were a bit tight, so I got a size 10 and they are wonderful (maybe slightly big, but nothing to be concerned about).", "Great for summer.  I use them almost daily.  Great for around the house, or even on the deck.  Great for going in the boat and jumping in the water if you have to.  Very comfortable.", "I like these sandals a lot because they're comfortable, look pretty cool, and when you have high top socks with these there is nothing more comfortable.  :)", "They work great! Buy a bigger size than you think you need though. Super comfortable. Good for taking into nasty lockerroom showers.", "I wear size 8, so I bought size 7 for my wife. They're a good fit and comfortable for her. Better than the Adidas ones with the velcro strap that rubs at the edges.", "Great product for a reasonable price. I looked at other items that were the same but much more expensive and was very happy with the cheaper product. The sandals fit my husband perfectly and are very comfortable. I would definitely recommend this product to anyone looking for brand name sandals at a reasonable price.", "I bought these for my b/f about 7 months ago. He's a size 10D and they fit perfectly. He's wears them everywhere and they're still going strong.", "We bought the first pair of these sandals for our son about 8 years ago at an outlet store--since he wore a size 18 we were thrilled  to find ANY sandal.  Although we've purchased several pairs of other brands' sandals since then, they didn't last nor were they as comfortable for him.  Finally this spring they wore out, and we were so happy to still be able to find them!", "My son had been looking for these and asked me if I would get on line and see if I could find a better price than he had found.  They are exactly what he wanted and the price was 4 dollars less than he could find plus I got free shipping, etc.  I gave him the bill but as of yet he hasn't paid dear old Dad ... so I guess I just gave him yet another gift!!  We are both pleased either way. :-)", "I would recommend this to anyone who wants comfortable shoes. They are simple and great for around the house. My finace loved them", "This are very nice sandals and for a fair price. I am wearing them as I am posting this and they feel fantastic. These sandals are also great looking and better yet they are black! If you want a nice looking slippers/sandals for a reasonable price by all means buy!", "These are a great slide for the price! Love that they come in bigger sizes too!Would recommend for sure.", "They fit great, perfect for chillin and just walking around. I use them for chillin in the dorm and they get the job done perfectly", "My husband has such a hard time finding shoes.  He found this exact pair in Australia and they lasted 2 years!  He was happy I was able to find them here.  Great product!  If you want something that lasts, then buy these!", "I love these things- easy on, easy off, comfortable as all get out just tough to find.  Perfect as footwear", "In my opinion these are some of the best flip flops money can buy. Simple design, you'll see them everywhere worn by the younger generation. They take a couple of days to break them in, and make sure you order a size up. As I wear a 13 but could have used a 14", "My husband is a size 15.  I had a hard time finding sandals for him.  He loved the nubs because they messaged his feet as he walked.  I got them in a fair amount of time at a great price", "My son son told me they were perfect. They fit great. Good to use in the shower too. Good purchase.", "I bought these sandals so I could relax my feet after playing basketball all day at the gym. I also wear them around the house because they're pretty comfortable.", "My husband is 6'3 tall and weighs 215lbs.  He said they are comfortable and support his size well!  Great buy for the price and delivery was fast.", "They are just as they look in the picture. I bought them for my husband to use at home, and he says they are comfortable.", "its great but not as comfortable.as i thought it would be. but you will feel the padding under your foot. you do get your moneys worth", "I love using them for almost everything. From lounging around the home to taking trips & going to the supermarket.", "We live on Okinawa and it rains a lot here. My hubby needed something to slip on so he could take the trash out without putting his shoes on. We have ants, so the trash either goes out or it's in the freezer. These will work just fine!", "Too smal it says 8 but it's really small but it's a good sandals, the quality and everithing is good everything is exelent, it's just the size, is toooo small", "These sandals are very comfortable.  They look, feel and fit good.  I would recommend these to anyone.  Very cool looking.", "i wanted a watch, using the cell phone for it is not cool at all, all the time having to pull out the thing... fat chance... im using this for the gym, quite usefull and the backlit is great, in low light conditions you can see the time in great detail, big font, and the construction is ready for someone who espects to be sweating like hell at the gym.recommended for active people", "No chance to try them because they are too big and i did not wear them at all but the y look nice", "I love the color and style. Nike has always been my best go to shoe for quality and style. I will always buy Nike shoes. The merchant sent them quick and in a great package.", "I love Airmax and the support and fit they provide. If you have ever worn Nike Airmax then you know what to expect", "The shoes fit great and feel good. After a few months both shoes got a tear in the sole. Now the shoes always make a whistling noise when I walk.", "My son picked these out and was very pleased with them. He got them as a birthday present. Perfect fit!", "The design of these shoes is great, the combination of colors, makes them stand out more, they are comfortable and look great. Recommended completely.", "Love these shoes. Nice and comfortable, look great. I've really enjoyed how resilient the body material of the shoe is. It stays clean and are easy to wipe down. Quality shoe from Nike. Recommend for anyone.", "it has been exactly a year now , and they look good , and i must say that i use almost every week at least once since i got them , i would say that i have given them good usage or even heavy , for some other people , and still good", "I love my purchase, great fit and great price will recomend to others, love my nike air maxes really confortable!!", "it looks good, i think it is not a leather made(It is the reason i bought it), but still OK!", "I like this product and it was a gift. The person loved it and it was like the original one.Great timing and loved that it was in great condition.", "very cool shoes, my 15 yr old with very discriminating tastes loves them. Yes they were authentic as I know that's what most customers wonder when buying name brands online.", "I recommend this watch to make a gift. Its very small and beautiful, sure I liked 10000% satisfied, thanks amazon for make reality this purchase!!", "i have tried a lot of sport watches throughout my life, but none have come close, in terms of comfort, as this watch has provided. what i categorically consider a good sport watch is its \"invisibility.\" i want to wear a sport watch and be able to forget that i am wearing it until i need to look at the time, so that i can focus on my sport whether it be rock climbing, racquet sports, biking, or running. in fact, the only sport i can think of that i don't wear them is basketball and volleyball. if you are looking for a comfortable sport watch that does everything you need (chronograph, timer, clock, alarm) this is it.", "This is a great casual watch.  It is durable, attractive and water resistant.  I was pleased to find this watch online since my old one broke after many years of use and I understand that Nike discontinued its line of watches.  This style of watch looks better with an all black face (like my old one), but the black and silver face still is very nice.", "The watch is perfect. The material is excelent. It was a present for my wife. She was very happy. She loves it", "I love the shoes. The cushions are still going strong on the inside sole of the shoe, feels good to go for jogs in them. The only thing I had to get used to is the fact that these are slide-on shoes. They have no &#34;tongue&#34; when you put the shoe on.", "It's a good watch, but maybe not for the price. If you can have it cheap, go for it.Pros:- Beautiful, people will be impressed by it looks;- Cool negative display;- Easy reading, big numbers, but not as easy as a normal display in white with black numbers;- Good features: chrono showing actual time, 2 interval timers, 2 alarms;- Easy setup, cool animations for ones;- Easy battery change (I changed myself twice, never did before)- Hard to find, so it's exclusiveCons:- 50M- Fragile, I don't think it survives any beating- Titanium is easily scratched- Bracelet links WILL have issues- Battery life not very good- Hard to find, so if there's any problem, there aren't any parts to buy, like bracelet links", "i bought this watch for my soon to be husband because he is very sportsy/outdoors but still needs a dressy looking watch to wear to work/play.  it's great!", "This was for my friend. He liked it, so then I did too. Great product! Great Gift!", "Really like the looks of this watch and got a much lower price on amazon.com than was priced on the Nike site.", "Good Day,Just got my new nike Torque titanium watch just today may 29, 2008 at firsti so excited thinking the thing would look neat and shiny, but when i openthe box to my surprise the color(titanium) was a bit dark and the straps was loaded with scratches which is the one thing i hate(scratches),and when u try it on your wrist i felt it was a bit too wide, i thought in the pic it was a perfect size, and the one thing dat bother me was the dull color...and the lock was not that smooth when opening or unlocking the strap. But no more complains because i paid for it already.Dr.Spencer LeePhilippines", "THIS IS A VERY GOOD CHOICE, I'M BUYING ANOTHER SUNGLASSES TO MY SISTER, I'M VERY HAPPY WITH THIS SUNGLASSES, GOOD CHOICE, GOOD QUALITY AND GOOD PRICE.", "i got this for my husband as a gift, and he really likes the watch a lot!  he has no complaints about it that i can tell, i highly recommend this watch.  the price is reasonable too.", "I have used Nike watches for all of my run timing for many years. I have been very happy with the previous versions that I've had except for one thing - they are designed so that you can't really replace the battery on your own. That means every time I need a new battery I have to go to the Fast Fix place in the mall and pay a third of the price of the watch just to get a new battery put in.So when I saw the New Nike Triax Speed 300 on the web site with the feature that it had a battery compartment for easy replacement, I was sold. However, now that I've had the watch for a while, I am disappointed in a number of the other changes that they made in how it operates -to the point that I am thinking about pulling my old watch out of the drawer and heading for the mall.Changes I don't like:- The light for the dial. In my previous version, you could press and hold the light button and then any subsequent buttons of any kind that you pushed would cause the light to come on. That's great for when I am running in the dark. Every time I took an interval, the dial would light up and I could see the time. The new Triax dropped that feature. Now every time you want to light it up you have to hit the light button. So that means multiple button presses each time I want to take an interval in the dark.- The old watch had a way to set it so every button push would cause an audible beep. That's a nice feature so that you are sure you hit the lap button, etc. The new one has that as well, but for some strange reason they tied that to the feature that has the watch beep every hour. I don't want to have the watch beep at the top of the hour as that is way to Geeky for me, but there is no choice.- For the data saving part of the new watch they eliminated recording the date and time with the run. I tend to save up a week or two's worth of runs and then copy the data into my spreadsheet. It was easy when the dates were there to remember which day that was, what loop I took, etc. Now it is much more of a guessing game.That's it, pretty minor stuff I guess, but I really liked the way the old watches worked and really got used to the way they operate.", "Thanks for your prompt service, and I really like the unique styling of this watch.", "Barcelona is my favorite team and this jersey was an excellent choice. has a slim fit feel and the color combination works well", "I love this watch. This is the best price by far I've ever seen for this product. They were so nice and even set the watch, so all I needed to do was open and wear. I can't figure out how to not make it beep on the top of the hour...kinda annoying but sometimes it's nice to have a reminder", "The watch is nice and works fine, but I've found it too thick and kind of big for a woman's watch. I would like it way more if it was a little more slim and ergonomic.", "I love this watch the time/day/date is huge it's so easy to see...specially when your running on treadmill or outside....My arm may shake but now I can see the time easier.", "i love this watch..i wear this to work..very light..also received a lot of comments--style is beautiful...fast shipping!!!will definitely order again!!", "Bought it for a friend who was incredibly delighted. She even wanted to buy many more of them, one of each color.", "I bought this watch as I needed a new reliable one for work and I have to say it is definately that!The display looks great and it is nice and simple to use. I would really recommend this watch to anyone!", "I bought this to make sure I didn't go over a heart rate of 130 while pregnant. Seems to work like a charm, although I can't seem to figure out how to set an alarm for when I reach my maximum heart rate. I'm still not even sure if that is a feature of this monitor. But, It works none the less. I just have to keep looking at the watch during my workout.", "Has worked great for me.  The chest strap is very comfortable, and i forget that im wearing it after a while.  The monitor even sends my heart rate to all of the equipment at my gym(life fitness) I wear it as an every day watch as well.", "ugly...cheesy....tacky......pick the one you like. Still these was my own fault, I thought the colour would be diferent....more real and less cheap looking, again my own fault for buying it. Have not worn it once.", "I had a hard time finding this watch because of the title listed and rarity I presume. The watch is extremely light weight. It is unique, which is why I sought it out, and the color is very appealing. Most images don't show the orange intensity that it gives off. Yet it is not too orange nor Rosy. I'm sure NIKE went through a lot to choose the specific colors for these watches. Overall I am pleased with it. My only dislikes are the pronounced bottom clasps that you squeeze to release and the dimmer than depicted digital display. It came preset even to my time zone and I think for a unique name brand product like this, the price is decent. Thank you for reviewing. Check out my pics for more accurate live comparison.", "my son loves these shoes. he does have a wide foot so the shoes are narrow for his feet. they are nice and very bright!", "I bought this watch 2 plus years ago.  Battery just died.  Found 5 for 99 cents on ebay.  I wish I could grab another I love it that much.  But it still looks and works great.  Best 115$ I ever spent!  Nike gal all the way around.", "I love this watch!  The features are easy to work, and easy to see.", "fits comfortably on wrist, stylish.  Display saves battery life but is readable.  Challenging to synchronize.  Ergonomic smart design.  Compares to a previous Nike watch I owned favorably.", "We bought these shoes for my husband since he is an avid soccer player.  He loves them!  It was difficult to find a pair of shoes in his size for a reasonable price (he wears a size 15).  He had another pair of Nike Tiempo's in the past that fit perfectly which was why we decided to buy these as well.  He couldn't be any happier.  Thanks!  By the way, the delivery was right on time.", "Wonderful soccer cleat.  Well made and lasts a long time.  Has the the white, black, blue laces and bright neon yellow tongue.", "I bought them for my little bro (12 Y.O.) on size 7, they look awesome, he loved them. The finishes look just great the colors are the perfect combination between the classic style of tiempo and the modern style of Nike, completely recomended!", "My new nike shoes looks very nice and it's so cheap in price. Fit as expect.I love it my new soccer shoes", "Very good, I recommend it. I bought them in a bid to be the last pair and I like them a lot. They are very comfortable and good quality.", "Bought these for my high school son who plays soccer.  They fit a full size smaller than advertised and didn't seem that durable.  They are very light weight which I assume is good for speed, but I doubt they would last beyond a single season", "I like it cause it is fit for my feet and it is easy to make a turn for it has a round spike.", "I purchased this item for my husband for Christmas.  The shoes arrived fast and in prefect shape.  I had no problems.  I loved the colors and design.  I would tell my friends about my great buying experience.", "He wears them to school for his Physical Exercises classes and they fit him perfectly. Will order again in the future", "I got these shoes today and let me tell ya, there pimpin, the wife loves them, my friends are jealous, so that makes me happy happy happy lmao.", "I bought these shoes three months ago since my son's sport is basketball. I never thought that this would be the best gift for him because I don't know what kind of shoes does he want. I purchased it straight away, no second thought, I was just hoping that he will like it. And when I gave it to him, I saw the smile on his face and he told me that these was the shoes that he'd been looking for. He said that it was the best gift ever! I'm glad I bought it. Quite expensive but this product made my son happy.", "I have owned these sneakers before and they look great and hold up really well. They are made with a very durable leather so cleaning them is easy.", "These shoes arrived in a wonderful period of time. I wore these on my vacation to Orlando and the felt great the whole time.Might do business again!", "Gift for my boyfriend. He like them. The rounding on the front was an intial concern, but he liked them.", "THESE ARE GREAT SHOES AND THE PRICE  IS EXCELLENT. I CHECKED EBAY AND FOR THE SAME SHOES THE PRICE WAS TOO HIGH. HERE I  FOUND THE SAME SHOES  AT A LOWER PRICE AND  I GOT THE SHOES IN JUST 2 DAYS, WOW1!!!! OUTSTANDING!!", "I was looking for a shoe that looked good when wearing jeans or shorts and this shoe was perfect for what I wanted.  I researched quite a few different types of shoes before settling on this one.  I was also a little leery ordering shoes online as I knew that they may not fit and you can never really tell what they looked like.The seller shipped these shoes extremely fast and I was very pleased when they arrived. They looked exactly as advertised and fit perfectly. I love wearing these shoes to the gym or even just being out.  I highly recommend this product!", "very nice shoe, had them for a while now. they're stylin and happy to wear them out kickin it. fast ship.thanks", "These were purchased as a gift for someone that likes Jordan shoes. Though these aren't Jordan shoes, they definitely have that flair with smooth lines and high quality construction. The fit was true to size and I was told they were very comfortable. Though he isn't wearing them to play basketball, they serve as a quality casual shoe with comfort and style that looks nice with jeans.", "Comfortable. It has a great shape and make to feel good my feet. it is recommendable. no doubt in buy it", "Very comfortable, good looking sneaker.  No fancy stuff, no strange colors.  Look cool and classy.  I recommend them for everyday use as well as for sports.", "these fit perfectly, feel  and look well made. i have only worn them once but the shoe is comfortable and sturdy. i highly recommend these to anyone.", "Well what can I say.Does not look like I am trying out to be a rodeo clown ha ha haaaa.But the styling is nice the fit is comfortable but still need time to brake in.Seems like they do feel a little big for the size but not enouph to drop down a size.The soles are very thin.Tall people with a hight syndrome will be happy.Not sure how long they will last but price was right for a good work shoe.Maybe they are to nice for work but im happy with them.", "I've waited for this shoes so long because of the procedure in my company. I am satisfied with my shoes so far even i just got them today i like to wear everytime! Nice shoes and top recommended seller! Thank you!", "These sneakers are pretty light weight and comfortable. I would purchase them again.", "I commute to work on a bicycle. When I started out, I wore some typical sneakers with big spongy soles. Every time I started off from a light, I'd be repositioning my feet on the pedals till I found the right spot.I read that a stiff sole was the way to go if you don't use the shoes that lock your feet to the pedals (not so good when you have many stops).So I went to my local big box sports store and walked around the sneakers section bending soles. These shoes had the stiffest, and probably the thinnest soles in the whole section. They didn't have them in my size though, so I bought them at Amazon.These shoes fit my feet perfectly, and minimize the need to search for correct pedal position on my bike. Since I wear them to work, I can also say they are a comfortable shoe to wear all day.", "I have kept my current pair as my &#34;keep clean&#34; shoes. They are very comfortable and good-looking. I wear them with shorts all summer, even to work-related  meetings, because they don't look like grungy sneakers.I'm glad to find them still available.Highly recommended.", "This is a very good watch, looks is up to the buyer but in my opinion it looks good.  The feel of the watch is actually light, and comfortable the chronometer is pretty good since the numbers are so big it also has a timer.  I gave it a 4 out of 5 stars because the sound is of the alarm is very weak.", "I just got my watch  in the mail the other day and i was so happy that i had it ,,,The first thing that i had done was got rid of the one i had on my arm ,,I just can,t stop looking at it .I do alot of missions and i work out alot over here.Def Moral booster in my eyes to see something like this watch on my wrist..And the price was great,,Great job AMAZON.....", "I enjoy this watch, wear it almost everyday. It fits very well and is extremely comfortable. Would buy again. Speedy delievery.", "I bought this as a present for my husband. He loves it and so do I!  This watch is amazing and very sleek looking. It could be worn dressy or casual!! A great buy for sure!!", "This watch is the happy ending to a many-month search for the perfect watch. Here's the thing: I'm a short and slight young man with tiny wrists, and I wanted a watch that was sporty yet sophisticated, functional yet simple. This watch is just that. Its sleek, stylish design looks better in person than in pictures. I was surprised, however, by its size...it was larger than I thought. The face itself is 30 mm; the entire case diameter at it's widest point is more like 40 mm. But it's still small enough to not look huge and gaudy on my small wrists. The three-pronged clasp on the band can be tightened to any size really, and the band itself is so flexible and comfortable it feels weightless. It also boasts cool, convenient features such as a chronograph, two alarms, two time zones, and a timer...To me, it's well worth the money.", "This is the most comfortable experience my feet have ever had, including a walk in the sand.  I have the black pair, which have lasted three years of hiking, landscaping, oil painting and accidentally dumping turpentine on them more than once in my studio.  They dry in about five minutes and pop right back to their original shape and condition.  Amazing.  I wanted to order another color or two, but they are currently out of my size.  I think that might be not a bad thing because I worry that I will wear nothing else...ever.", "I love these Nike flip-flops.  These have wider straps than the Nike flip-flops that have been made in the last few years.  Tried the ones with the thinner straps and did not like them.  Was glad to find these on Amazon.com.", "cannot complain. Good quality fabric, and will last me for a good year or two due to its quality. I am really pleased with it", "These shoes are like magic marshmallows.  They are so comfortable from every angle.  I literally did not even have to break them in.", "feels like running on soft pillows, strings not too long and color is great this shoe is true to description.", "Awesome running shoes... fit perfect and very comfortable, I love the colors on this shoe, very stylish and very cool", "I love this shoe.  This shoe has the right amount of stability and cushioning.  I had the triax 10 before and liked it.  The triax 11 is even better.  It is lighter and has more cushioning.  I have high arches and have not had any problems with this shoe.", "I started running on this shoe a couple years ago (starting with the 11) and have loved it ever since.  It has a great mix of stability and cushioning, and a roomy toebox, which I love (I also ordered mine a half-size bigger, as recommended by the running store I bought it from).  No smashed toes or sore arches to speak of.  Overall, an awesome shoe!", "Gratjo for getting it tme so fas nmy husband ust lovesthis watch , it looks so good on his arm", "Just received them. They are comfortable and look good. Different!I was affraid as I hace seen comments that stated that the model runs thin...but they are ok", "I found this watch by accident surfing the internet, and I'm glad I found it! Really comfortable, waterproof, and was never released again. Nothing like a limited edition!", "I bought these shoes when they came out about 6 or 7 years ago , I can't remember exactly. But anyway I bought them for basketball and they were so worth it. These Jordans were so comfortable and reliable not only did I continue to  wear them for basketball after my first season , I wore them casually to. And when I got my first job I wore them for that as well and it has only been about 4 months since I stopped wearing them . They lasted me almost 7 years and are still the most comfortable shoes I have to this day. If you want an all around good shoe that has style, comfort, and performance I would definitely recommend these shoes! They won't disappoint !", "The price of these shoes were ok and comfort is as expected of Nike Air Force 1's.  I would buy again from this seller.", "Cleats are nice looking.  My son said they hurt his feet initially but after a few practices they became more comfortable.", "I love this watch.  It is easy to read, the band is really comfortable, and it has a neat power save function where the display turns off after a set amount of time such as 3, 12, or 24 hours.  It's the best watch I've had in a while.", "I went looking for this watch after seeing it on a gal in a store.  I had to comment on it and ask her what kind it was and where she got it.  I was just so taken with the style.  She said it was the most comfortable watch she'd worn, and it is.  I happen to like big watches and this is just great.  It would be wonderful for a man but looks fine on my wrist too.  It's sporty and even though it has a black face, you can still easily read the numbers.  I love this watch!", "My first torque was purchased at a nike store in downtown Chicago. I thought it was a slick sports watch and would look sharp with my various outfits; That's where it ended. I purchased the red torque and found the paint chipped so easily as would a cheap watch! (The batteries in nike watches usually die within months) This is actually the second Nike watch I purchased, and i have to say that the quality is totally unacceptable! I find that Nike watches look cute but they lack the quality of a Casio watch which are superb sport watches that never die. Finally, i ultimately lost the watch because the band, believe it or not, would just come lose from time to time! Is it a cute watch? yes. Will you get a ton of compliments? yes. If you want a great watch go with Casio.ImaniChicago", "Easy to set initially, large buttons are easy to use. functions work as expected. Overall look and design of this watch is sporty and modern. They make it in other colors also. My favorite feature of this watch is the rubber strap, it's extremely comfortable and adjusts to any and all comfort levels. Love it.", "Great watch but size did not make up right to the product.The color and the style was what I wanted.", "A little tight in the middle could be wider but for the most part I love them. Great but for a good shoe", "Amazing quality!", "he product is of excellent quality, and the time when the delivery has been made &#8203;&#8203;very punctual, I recommend it to others the product is genuine", "NIKE is the best", "Bought them for my husband, he walks ALOT!!!  They fit him perfectly, and are very comfortable for him!  They are just as described!! This is his second pair!!  They last a long time!!", "Bought these shoes for my husband for Christmas and he loves them! He plays intramural basketball for work and needs good shoes. These were not too pricey, but are a great fit.", "the shoe fit great. i wear a US 13 and it fit great. they are very comfortable. i where them almost every day", "I bought these for my boyfriend because he likes a high top shoe and he loves them & says they are quite comfy!!!", "Good for basketball. It is what I want ! Good for me to gym and play ball with my friends", "he loves wearing these shoes to his basketball games and practices and thanks me for getting him these shoes as a reward", "The shoes hurt when I wear them. Very nice shoes, totally my style. Wish they fit me better. Next time!", "It is a really great shoe. It fits right and is really comfortable shoe. I highly recommend it. Awesome price!", "My basketball days of playing are over but I do a lot of walking and these shoes are perfect for that .. well made, very light and comfortable also added support for the ankles ... would recommend to friends !!", "I bought these sneakers for my son as well as another pair--different style.  He thought he liked the other style until he put these on and they were so comfortable and a good fit that he asked me to return the other style and order another pair of these.", "These were light weight and were great for shipping out of the country.  Our son loved them.  Kind of scary sending shoes to another country without him trying them on, but it turned out great.", "These have a nice tight fit, which make them great for playing. Being high tops, I expected them to be heavier than a pair of lowcut Converse shoes I have, but I actually find the Converse heavier. Overall, I am satisfied with these shoes.", "These shoes are very comfortable my brother loves them he is on his feet all day walking and he said his feet never felt better he is going to purchase two more pairs.", "I got for my husband and he really liked it. It is good for long walks. When the first pair got worn out we ordered it again.", "loved them, if siskel and ebert were around they would have given them two thumbs up...the new york times loved them...", "Nice shoes. Great value. Only draw back is the breaking in time. Making heels a little sore. Still an overall great shoe!", "I got these for his birthday and he says they are the most comfortable shoes I've bought for him and I've bought many. He's a hard to find size. He would wear a 12 but due to Charcot foot I have to buy him larger shoes and 15s are hard to find. With Charcot, he needs a very supportive, firm shoe with plenty of ankle support and since he's diabetic he can't get a shoe that will rub sores or blisters on his feet because diabetics heal slowly or not at all when it comes to their feet. This was a good purchase for us for sure. Happy birthday honey!", "I bought this for my stepson. He seems to be happy with it, so i assume it is good. Yes", "Bought these for the style but the performance is what makes me give it 5 stars. Great hoops shoes, comfortable with rad neon green highlights.", "i buy this one because it is chaper,it worth the bill,more words required?what should i do ? i already finished", "Great fit.Nice shoe.Nice price.Nice look.Very fast shipping and delivery.I would recommend this shoe and supplier to anyone who is a smart shopper.", "It was a great shoes, very comfortable and looks very expensive, the price was ok and quality fabric was good. I recommend it", "They seemed tight as my son was putting them on but once he loosened the laces up, they were a perfect fit.", "THESE SHOE'S CAME IN 2 DAY'S AND I HAVE TO SAY,I WAS SKEPTICAL ABOUT BUYING SHOES ONLINE,BUT THESE ARE A VERY NICE PAIR OF SHOE'S HERE....VERY LIGHT AND WELL MADE...ALL IN ALL IS IS A GREAT PAIR OF SHOE'S! NO 5 STAR'S FROM ME!", "Great fit. Good support with room for ankle braces if needed. Would recommend this shoe for outside and inside play.", "Great shoes in my country is a pain of head find a shoes that fit perfectly and this one does! Love it!", "Good shoe. Good vendor. I hope it is as confortable as it looks. I'll put it to test next weekend. :-))", "Very good product. They run a tad large but its not to bad. But overall have fit well so far and are very comfortable.", "Everyting was ok, the item arrived promptly and it was exactly has  in description. very comfortable and durable sport shoes", "perfect size and fit..love them and use them in every game....they fill wonderful and light..will buy another pair very soon...", "Good shoe so far.. They fitted a little snugged at first but after I played a couple of games in them, they broke in nicely. Real comfortable when hooping.", "You need to ask my child about these shoes..... wears them all the time, they do not leave his room nor his sight!  I would guess they are a good fit for him?!", "Couldn't find my size in local stores.  They stated it is not the season for basketball shoes.  Last time I checked, you can play basketball all year round. Anyways, the shoe is perfect and fits great.", "Good fit and quality.  Recommend it to anyone who likes Nike tennis shoes with good ankle support.  My boyfriend loves them.", "Bought these cause they said they were 3E, but once I got them they seemed the normal width.  They also were not comfortable and the cushioning wasn't good either. I went to Dicks and tried on Under Amour microG's. They do not some in wide, but they are made wide at toe foot joint where my foot is wide and are the lightest most comfortable bball shoe I've worn in all my playing days. Make the switch America, there is a new player and it isn't Nike!Amazon was great, fast shipping and return was easy, kudos to Amazon!", "Great shoes, fit as expected. My son loves them, and has a very comfortable sole. They have extra toe room.", "We got these for my daughter for basketball and they fit very well.  Thank you for the prompt delivery.  She loves them!", "Was hesitant to purchase shoes online, however these have great support and is a great product if you are not looking to spend over $100 on basketball shoes!", "I bought these for my husband. This is the second time I have purchased these for him. He says they are comfortable and they look great. Of course with the name &#34;Nike&#34;, how can you go wrong? Love these!", "The price is great and for him to have a pair of nikes make him jump like MJ. Good shoe looks great.", "I Must Admit, These Nikes Have A Great Look, They Look Better In Person, Although, I Would Recommend Getting A Half Size Bigger Than Your Normal Shoe Size. It Also Arrives Quickly, 1 Day Before Estimation, Now If Anything Should Occur During My Ownership Of It, I Will Update As Soon As Possible.", "I really like, I were spectacular, I can walk comfortable way, I fulfilled my expectations, thank you very much for serivios rendered, good packaging product", "I'm very glad with this product, that's for my kid and he loved it. Nike is a market leader and this product match this", "I got these for my son, who plays basketball in addition to general PE and running around. He loves them -- they fit him perfectly without needing to be broken in at all (kind of rare for him). Additionally, he said his friends all said how cool they looked (not bad for a middle schooler). Great pricing for them, too.", "I will continue to order my shoes this way. Cheaper than buying them in the stores and  they fit great.", "I have another pair of Nike size 12 basketball shoe, the fit is  really good. So I was fairly comfortable with knowing that this shoe would fit equally as well, and they did. This shoe is all black and works well for a sporty work shoe. Light weight and a very comfortable fit. My feet do not get tired in these shoes. They provide the ability to move around fast as needed and pivot, or turn or twist, whatever I need to do. I saw this shoe at several shoe stores but nobody had my size. So I just ordered it thru amazon. Thank You Amazon and also Thanks to Marcus Uniform.", "These shoes are a great buy. Ankle support is great and the shoes are pretty light. Still breaking them in and have a few blisters on my toes but that's probably due to the fact that I just started getting in to basketball not too long ago. Will update later on.", "I love these shoes. They fit perfectly. Mine is for casual use but if you need for athletic purposes, might not be perfect.", "THESE ARE A LIGHT WEIGHT SNEAKER, AT FIRST LEERY TO PURCHASE AS I'D ALWAYS HAD LEATHER SNEAKS. I FEARED THESE WOULDN'T STAND UP BUT WOW, WHAT A SURPRISE, KEPT SHAPE AND STOOD UP WELL. AS ALWAYS A PERFECT FIT EVERY TIME. COMFORTABLE, DURABLE, MY 4TH PAIR. ONE PAIR HAD A PROBLEM WITH THE SOLE PULLING FREE. WENT ON LINE TO NIKE.COM, FOUND INFORMATION FOR SHIPPING THEM TO NIKE, WITHIN 10 DAYS RECEIVED FULL REFUND WHICH HAD TO BE SPENT ON LINE AT THAT SITE BUT COULD USE THE REFUND FOR ANY ITEM. CAN'T LOOSE WITH NIKE. YES I AM VERY PLEASED.", "Love the color, they are comfortable, and they were available in a size 15 for only $60. I always go up half a size in nike sneakers and it works out well. Love this shoe! 3/4 insoles are used in side them and leather holds up well does not look stretched out.", "The shoes are the right size, stylish, comfortable, and constructed well. My husband loves them. They are very affordable so I bought two pair.", "This is the second pair I've bought for my BF (he's a police officer & the slightly higher ankle helps support his firearm that he straps to his ankle while off duty)  & he really seems to like them.  He says the cushion is nice & the support is what he needs.  All black in color, easy to wipe off & comfortable.  Can't ask for much more.", "I was really impressed with the timely shipping and the shoes looked great.  The color was just as it was shown in the photo and dad loves them....", "These shoes don't have air max units or any other fancy sole or mid sole features. However,they are light,extremely comfortable,lots of room in the toe area,and look pretty good if you put a shine to them. I'm very pleased. My other Nike's are better looking but cost much more and are actually less comfortable.", "I bought these to replace a pair of defective and1 basketball sneakers. Having owned a similar pair of NIKE before this one I purchased these. I must say that compared to many other brands that claim to be basketball worthy....these seem to be the best brand out there in terms of build quality.", "I bought these for my husband! They are a good qualtiy shoe and very comfy:) He wanted something simple and durable!", "These are great shoes! I have played ball in them for 3 weeks now, and they fit great and are very light. I would definitely recommend them.", "The shoe was brand new as posted, it fit well, and I am happy with my purchase. I would recommend this shoe to all my fellow Nike fans out there. I plan on purcahsing from them again. :))", "GREAT SNEAKER. Goes with everything and amazon beats all other retailer's price. I just wish there was a women's equivalent.", "very good", "Great fit as I expected . It's very comfortable on the inside and very stylish and goes with almost any outfit.", "Fits as expected. Comfortable of course. Well made and looks great. I even get compliments. Would buy these without hesitation once more.", "This is my 3rd pair of Nike Overplay. Great heal cushioning and very durable.Holds up really well in wet weather.", "Really not much to say but that this was a great deal on an awesome pair of kicks. My son loved them!", "Great sneakers for my son for school. And for the price you cannot go wrong with these sneakers. Good deal!", "My 15yr old son wanted Jordan's but since the men in my family have large feet and still grow past puberty lol, I decided not to get him Jordan's as I would have to buy him another pair of sneakers in a few months. Furthermore, there are too expensive for this single mom of 3. So when I saw these attractive sneakers, I ordered them right away; they looked good and were a great price.When we received them(extremely fast shipping btw), my son tried them on inmedietly. He loved the way they look; Their simple but very nice looking just like him, and they look good with everything. Quality seems good as well.He wore them to school the next day and he told me he got a lot of compliments and were the most comfortable sneakers he has ever worn.I'm very glad I bought them! Once they don't fit him anymore, I will donate them and get him another pair!", "this shoes came as expected, new in its own original package , so I don't have any complain about it.regards", "I play basketball three times a week and the shoe is durable and comfortable. The yellow color is really bright which I like, but it may not be for everyone.", "We bought these for my 11 year  old to  play basketball though school  and  his club team.  They fit well, were shipped quickly and  arrived in a timely manner.  He is happy with  them and the neon makes it easy to spot him  on the court.", "These shoes are so comfortable, stylish, and inexpensive. I would recommend these shoes to anyone who likes comfort as well as style.", "I had not played basketball in a few years and I decided to get back into it, so I did something I never do.  I bought shoes online without trying them on.  I was worried, but they fit just right.  They give my weak ankles support.  They are very comfortable and nice.  Most new shoes give me blisters, but these were great.  I will continue to buy these shoes.", "Bought these for my son and he loves them! Shipping was fast and the price was right so I am looking for another pair before he wears these to death.", "my husband loved these so much I bought 2 pairs so he has a new pair when the other pair gets old. They are nice and comfy", "Bought these for my son for league basketball.  The fit was spot on, he wears a size 8 and these fit like theey were made for him.  They stood up extremely well to over 30 games of his season and still look like new.  During basketball he would only wear them for games though.  They provided great support and he wants the same shoes next season.", "It was exactly what I was looking for complete with a snug fit.  I'm wearing them and loving them.  I may even get another pair.Sebastian", "The sneakers fit good they are nice and light and the blue will go OK with a pair of jeans.Most of all my wife will stop telling me to throw out my old sneakers.", "Fits well and looks good! Its NIKE, bought these for my bestfriend and she loves them, I'm tempted to buy a pair for myself now", "Bought these shoes for my son, he loved them and uses them for the basketball. He has had no complaints with fit or comfort.", "Got these for my son, one of the few available in the larger sizes (14). It seems well made, is a nice-looking shoe, and it fits just fine. Price was good on Amazon, thank you.", "Purchased 2 pair. Use these for light contracting work, not sports. Very comfortable once broken in. Glad to see that Nike still has a few pairs around that aren't as light as a feather, still have some substantial leather and don't look like cheap shiny plastic.", "Product arrived early. I'm very happy wth the shoes.comfortable and light weight. Satisfied with the appearance and style of shoes.", "They fit as they should. We buy lots of Nikes, an these were what we expected.Probully buy more soon. Useing Amazon is the way to buy.", "Got this for a gift for an active family member. Arrived promptly, fitted very well, and has been worn a great deal.A high-quality item at a good price.  Thank you.", "Highly recommend. Was hesitate about getting them because I couldn't try them on but they are great. Perfect basketball shoe!!!!", "This is a quality shoe. For not much a whole lot more than a pair of shoes from Walmart my son got a pair of Nikes. He likes 'em. They look like the picture and he says they fit fine and they're comfortable.", "Very lightweight food ware with excellent fit. Although it has no sophisticated air cushion it gives you a stable feeling.", "Basic black basketball shoe ala Nike.  They been doin it for decades.  They know b-ball shoes.  My advice: don't skimp on your feet.  Wear rags if you want, but pay for good shoes.  These are OK.  I play once a week and I never notice my shoes or feet (even after.)  Perfect.  Then I wear em to work a few days a week.  I teach - on my feet all day.  Wish I could ignore the sneaker politics, I can't.  But, in the final argument, these are my feet, they require the best.", "These sneakers are HOT and priced right... where can you get those sneakers at that price! WOW!!!!!!!!!! I live in NYC they don't have these prices.", "I bought these shoes for my boyfriend. They are at good quality. He loves them. Thanks to Amozon and the mailman.", "I had surgery on one foot so they fit a little tight on that one but good on the other. I love the boots they are some of the most comfortable I have ever worn.", "I love nike ACG shoes.  I bought these shoes and recieved two right shoes.  That would've been great for me and my one legged friend.  I had to send them back and the seller didn't have any more in stock.  they looked like great shoes and the right one fit wonderfully.  I'd like to meet the guy with two left shoes and we'd both be happier.", "This was a gift and the recipient is thrilled with it!!Very unusual, looks lovely on the wrist, very feminine fora sporty watch!", "This sexy timepiece brought to us Nike is as functional as it is beautiful.  I bought it as a gift, she loved and all her friends complimented on it as well, I felt way cool.  It arrived sooner than scheduled!", "Just what my niece wanted for Christmas!! She is a cross country runner and needed a good watch. This watch was at the top of her list and I was able to get it for her on Amazon for half the price!!!! Love it...", "I love this watch! It functions well and is very stylish for a digital watch. If you are considering purchasing-go for it!The only small problem was that I did not like the fastner-sort of cumbersome. But I am still happy with the watch.", "Perfect for my daughter. She loves it! Would by for another gift. Recommend this for anyone! User friendly features. Awesome!", "Nike Silver Triax watch modern looking and everything i wanted in watch. I especially like the smooth, sleek design and all of it's many features.", "The interesting configuration of this watch has garnered many compliments.  I bought this for my wife for the holidays and she wears it everyday.  Great for the active woman!", "Purchased this for my wife who works in health care and can really wear out a watch with dings and scratches. This Nike however has passed that test with flying colors. Outside of having to change the battery after a year, great buy!", "This bag is nice, but it's also big.  I bought it for my 14 year old son and it's almost more than he can carry.  Quality and ease of use are both good, so if you want a large bag this would be a good choice.", "My son uses this backpack to play tennis and also to go to the university.  He likes it very much.", "This is a shoe that would look absolutely great with blue jeans.  I ordered a 7.5 because they did not have an 8.  The shoe fit fine.  Though I have not worn them out yet, the shoe seem to feel comfortable", "Bought these shoes last year after my favorite brand (Saucony Grid Omnis) were \"updated\" and no longer comfortable for my feet.  They're really comfortable shoes and have a neat feature (which I never took advantage of) that informs you of pace and steps-per-minute (or something like that).I really liked the way they fit my feet, which has now been changed in the newer +11 model.  My feet are on the wide side and these fit perfectly.  Guess Nike heard complaints to the contrary and made the newer model more narrow...My biggest issue concerns the insoles.  They wore out really fast for me in the ball of the foot (where I put a lot of weight).  Not a big deal, I guess, since you could probably find replacements somewhere.  But for the price it would be nice to have longer lasting insoles.  Overall the shoes wore out a lot faster than my Sauconys used to, but it still gets high ratings from me for comfort and fit!", "This watch is excellent, love it, I use it every day and is very comfortable and lightweight.", "great watch for a young lady. she does soccer and swim and all is good with this watch. great price too.", "Arrived, looked like a good size and definitely a cute color for a little girl.  Wrapped it up for my daughter for Christmas... Opened it Christmas Day and the display is all messed up! It's like not all the pixels work or something. Returning it Monday.", "thats all okay. The produc came to my house is spain very fast. I like it.", "My 8 year old daughter asked for this watch for her birthday.  My brother ordered it for her.  For some reason, supposedly it was returned to the sender and our account was credited.  So, we had to re-order the watch.  I am not sure if that was an issue with the shipping service or the seller.  But, once we finally got the watch, it has been easy to use with clear instructions and has been a perfect watch for my daughter.  It has definitely received some splashes of water and we have not observed any issues with it.  It is cute and cheery.  It could also work for grown ups.", "My 7 yr old daughter LOVES her Nike watch. It has lots of functions! She loves the chronometer, so she can track her reading time etc. Love it!", "This is a great watch for tweens - I bought the purple version for my 13 year old daughter and she loves it.  It is light and very easy to put on and take off. It is hip and sporty looking.  It is not a watch for timing yourself or or monitoring heart rate, distance, etc.  It is just a fun and simple watch that is reliable!  I recommend this watch.", "What a great product, what a great Seller!  They got this to me before Christmas when I purchased it only 5 days prior to Christmas Day.  What a great seller and person to go above and beyond to make my christmas special.", "I bought this watch for my wife at christmas it arrived on time and worked perfectly I  would recommend this seller again.", "Bought this watch for my wife. She wears it to work, play, anywhere casual.  She says it is ultra comfortable, light, the band works great on her small wrist. She has never knocked it off or had it slip.  She has had the watch since Christmas 2009.  She gets a lot of comments and compliments about it.  Has timers she uses at work, two time zones, easy to read and use.  Highly recommended.", "We are very happy and pleased with the quick service. It was a great gift.", "Love Nike digital watches! I have several Nike Presto Cee watches and the Kylo is a similar fit. Comfortable to wear, I barely notice it is on. Nice big digital display with day and date. Unlike the Presto Cee (which ran small) the Kylo will fit many sizes of wrist. Will need to get more colors of the Kylo to add to my watch collection.", "I ordered this for my daughter who is in college.  It is her second one, the first one was stepped on!  She loves the watch and says it is very comfortable.", "Very nice watch has all the basic features that I wanted, band is extremely comfortable and doesn't come loose like you would imagine it would. I would recommend it to anyone wanting a basic watch.", "This watch look very beatiful on the hand of a woman. It work very good and it have easy to carry.", "Well, about the sunglasses, they're beautiful and very resistant. The lens, though, are exposed and fragile, I expect them to have scratches in a few days. Still, it fits great on my face... I recommend everyone to try sunglasses before purchasing.", "Better than advertised. Very fast delivery. I am enjoying these great Sunglasses. They stay on my face and don't slide down.", "I have owned this Nike Blade watch model WC0037 for 7 months. Out of all the watches I own this one was my most favorite.Oh NO, IT BROKE !!!One evening while removing it from my wrist I notice the black bubber wrist band had separated from the body at the rear battery cover. The entire rubber/plastic hinge had cracked. This wrist band is not replaceable.  I wore this watch daily to my office job. It is a mistery of how and why it broke. Lesson learned is to stick with watches which have standard replacable wrist bands.", "I use these daily for driving and cycling on paved trails.They work great for cycling since alot of the paved trails I frequent are surrounded by trees in certain areas so the suns gets blocked but I dont have to remove the glasses since they adjust to the lighting situation.Great price & fast delivery also!", "alright, so these are pretty good shades for the cost. i liked them because they can be used for people with large faces, my friend has a rather small one and says they are too big. so any average sized face and more would be ideal. these are great because you can wear them at night or indoors because they can get pretty clear, yet they provide decent protection outdoors in the day too. i recommend them", "Watch is bigger than I expect, but it looks great. Big numbers are very useful. I really like this watch.", "I like Nike watches but this watch is too dark to read the numbers.  I have to hit the \"light\" button at times, to be able to see what time it is. It does look nice. There aren't many nice looking digital women's watches out there that are good to wear when you need to wear something other than sports clothes.  Why aren't there dressier digital women's watches?", "I bought this for my daughter last Christmas.  She likes it so much, I wanted one.  Then I could only find a used one.  That really didn't appeal to me, but I did it anyway.  To my surprise, the watch came in the original box, with the manual, etc.  It's a great watch!  Easy to use and easily readable while running.", "When first received, I could not set the watch, was told battery not functional. The Seller was most helpful. In fact, the problem involved a tendency to lose the running function when wearing long sleeve shirts. If the cuff should bump a set function button, and the watch is so new the learning curve requires close attention, it is easy to conclude the instrument is not functioning properly! The problem is one of design, not involving the seller, save he might advise how functions can be changed accidentally by a shirt or jacket cuff. But this seller came through in excellent fashion.", "Very comfortable - no 'breaking in' period, just slip on and wear!Will buy more.Would definitely recommend to anyone!", "These fit just like they should. The color is as it appears and I absolutely love them. Couldn't ask for any more.", "I love these flip flops . I have them in a variety of colors. They are very comfortable and fit well.", "I bought this exact pair last year and loved them and was very dissapointed when my new puppy chewed one of the straps of one of the sandels, I looked for them everywhere and was delighted I found them on Amazon at a great price, LOVE, LOVE these they are so comfy and the price is great, would totally recommend to others.", "i have had this type thong before , just needed replacements ..and glad i was ableto find them as easy as i did", "This is the most comfortable pair of flip flops I have ever owned.  I even went on a 10 mile walk with these, like walking on air. I also have them in brown.  Please don't stop making these :)", "THis flops are great and soft to the touch. They hae grips of the bottom so you dont slip in wet surfaces.", "These are by far, the most comfortable flip flops I have ever worn!  I have five pair!  If they had more colors I would buy them. I live in these for the summer. Buy them. They are great.  Good cushion and support.", "I bought these in pink in a store and loved them so much I went back for the black ones - and, of course, they were sold out. So I went to Amazon! They were a little more expensive online but worth it, easily. These thongs are the most comfortable - cushiony without being the giant platform thongs, does not rub between the toes or on top of the foot. I could walk for miles in them, and have :)", "These flip flops are the best I have ever had. I moved to Florida in 2006 and bought my first two pairs than. I buy new pair every year, they are excellent. Very soft, like walking bare foot. They fit perfectly and look great.", "My first pair of Nike flip flops lasted for 7 years! I would definately recommend this product - they are made with high quality materials and are extremely comfortable!", "Love love love these flip flops for around the house so I had to snatch 2 pairs up when I saw them on Amazon.  They do not sell these anymore at Nike stores.", "I live in Florida so thongs are a daily wear shoe.  I owned 2 pair of nikes similar to this pair and was trying to replace 1 one them.  The shoes are the correct replacement.  Immediate comfort and good fit", "I have several pairs and I can't always find them here...and these are the only ones I will buy! They last great and are so comfortable!", "I have bought a pair of these each summer for several years. Great for around the house and going out to the back yard. Fit and fine design ok. They do what I want them to do", "This Is my summer shoe. I get a new pair every year. Cost was kind of high. Saw them in the Mall and they were a better price. Thiis is my running around shoe, at the pool or just at night with some starter shorts and my nike shirt when I do not feel like getting dressed up. Love them and you will too. If you have amall near you try there first. Better price and no shipping charges.", "These are definitely my go-to sandal all summer long! They fit perfectly and provide wonderful cushion for wearing for extended periods of time.", "the cord goes between my toes are shorter than any others I tried, therefore,  no play, easy to walk, even run.I usually buy size 7, but it stretches out in year or two. size 6 is just fine, perfect. I love them. thank you!!", "WOW,it's a true comfy fit with style.  They look cute & are fabulously comfortable.  no stiffness or edges that pinch or bind.  lots of cush to wear them for lots of walking.", "My favorite type of flip flop! They stay on my feet and never hurt between my toes.  This will be my 6th pair to own so far.  My others have been nearly worn out.", "These are the third pair of flip flops I've owned in this style. They are the most comfortable style I've ever worn. I've even worn them on all-day shopping outings and to theme parks, without any sore feet! This time I bought the pink pair, and they are super cute!", "Thanks this product is well finished and well comfortable, we really liked my wife. The product arrived on time and without any details on the move", "I buy these every 2 years and wear them constantly. In the winter when you need something to go on vacation with and your feet are not used to the sandle thing....these are the flip flops that are comfortable from the moment you put them on! Hopefully you will replenish your stock so I can order more in my size.", "I have very narrow feet so these are great for me! I have had these for a year & still in good shape.", "I love these flip flops.  I live in Ontario Canada and I have been searching for Navy Blue ones, and the Tan ones in a size 8.  I can't seem to find either colour.  Can someone help me?", "No surprises.  I love these shoes and they came as anticipated and fit and work just fine.  No unpleasant surprises.", "I have ordered 3 pairs of this product in different colors.  And plan to order another pair in navy because I wear jeans alot.  I live in the southwest and wear flip flops most of the year.  This product is well made and comfortable. I highly recommend them.", "These are hard to find - glad I was able to get it!  Perfect arch support for me.  Last quite awhile too.", "I have worn this type for a few years and they are the most comfy flip flop ever ! Great arch support and because the strap is foamy ,  it fits good from the first wear.", "Classic flip flop. Hold up well, and very comfortable. Fits true to size. One great thing I love about Nike, they are actually true to size!!!", "Love these!  I think these are the most comfortable flip flops ever!  I am so happy that I found them online when my other on finally wore our after 3 years.", "nice shoes, looks beautiful, when I wear it, I feel comfortable. Although winter will come soon, I still buy it.", "Even better looking than pictured. Very comfortable and reasonably priced. Shoes came much sooner than expected. Will definitely purchase from this vendor again", "My son got these for his birthday and all his friends now want them! He swears he can jump higher in them! Lol!", "UPDATE:1 month after I started using this, it was beginning to fall apart. The material started sagging in some places. The stitched logo was coming apart. (I wash it with soap after every use, I never wring it by hand, I hang it to airdry, there's an electric swimsuit wringer at the gym that's especially made to get the water out of the swimsuit without ruining it, that's what I use before hanging it to airdry)2 months after, I need a new one.(I swim about 2-3 times per week for 1-3 hours)I'm swimming a lot (around 2.5 hours every other day, give and take) and this swimsuit stays put. I'm a size 0 (in women's clothes) and I can't believe I needed a size 34 for this swimsuit.I wish there were cradles or something like a bra to hold your chest in place, with all the moving in the water I would really like more support. Otherwise it's pretty comfortable (you can do somersaults without flashing anything to anyone :)", "Awesome shoes. a review said they squeak, well mine did too for a little while but went away (try soaking the soles in vegetable oil for a day) another said they are too tight for wide feet, well then go to store and try them on before ordering online. I have had mine for a year now and they r awesome. After a year of everyday wear my tread is still there, the seams haven't broke anywhere  or frayed and the comfort is beyond amazing. Usually my shoes last about 4 months anything from like Nikes, DCs, Vans and ReBok or a month for any walmart brand. So if you wanna spend 60 to 80 bucks 3 times a year on shoes (180 to 240 yearly) then go for it. But if you want a good solid shoe then get these, they have excellent ankle support and the quality is amazing. If it squeaks then look online for ways to help that and if they are too tight then someone should use common sense when buying and try them at the store first or just take it to a shoe place for stretching the sides out. I would buy these a 100 times over 6000 dollars in savings over a 100 year period maybe more if these keep holding up the way they do and end up lasting 2 years. They could fall apart 2morrow and i still wouldn't be disappointed and i'd go out and buy another pair. Just like the one review said they are better than the 90's ones made I had those ones too and loved those also but they didn't last like these. These just can't be beat. A little pricey but for lasting a year its cheaper than buying 3 or more pairs of shoes a year.", "I have had these for over a year and though they are extremely comfortable they really do squeak. Beware on this product.", "He doesn't have to take it off because it's waterproof, which is a huge plus when you're 7. Also, it keeps him aware of time. Nice product.", "I got this watch for my 7 year old to help him come home on time when at a friend's house.  He also uses the countdown timer, as well as the alarm to get up in the morning for school (which helps mom alot!)  We taught him how to use it, and he has no problems using it.  Great watch for school age children.", "Gotta say they are great, high resistance, I bought it like 2 years ago, and today they are beggining to peal a little bit in the piece between the glasses, however, is in the inside, so people can't see it.", "Received a black/clearwater pair for my son. - Got the order in two days, so I am very pleased. And they are nice shoes, he says they are good for skating. The clearwater is actually bright baby blue. Good looking shoes!", "I purchased a pair of these locally for my 15 yr. old son, who wears them exclusively.  He wanted these shoes for longboarding, and has told me that they are his favorite pair he's ever had for this purpose.  Good grip, stable, supportive.  The sole did not wear out quickly (foot braking) like other skating shoes he's had.  They've lasted longer than similar pairs of DC's, World Industries, and and DVS.  We're shopping for a second pair.", "I am very pleased with my purchase of the Nike AirMax 90 Boots. The process was great. The boots are like a second skin. They are very comfortable, and are really great on dirt or concrete. I like everything about them.", "this watch is $70.00 everywhere i have looked, amazon has the  best prices  of anybody!!!", "This is the best watch I have ever bought.I 100% recommand this porduct", "This watch is okay, but it is huge on my wrist. I should have gone for a woman's watch, but I didn't realize how awkwardly it would fit on my wrist. It is a great watch as far as the features go. It was a bit confusing to learn how to use it effectively, though. It did not come with any directions, which was not too cool.", "This is a basic sports watch that does what its meant to.  Nothing special about it.  I needed a watch for working out and save times for running intervals.  I wish the back light would stay on longer or it had an option to set the time for which it stays on, but its nothing to really complain about.  The wrist strap is a durable rubber material which I have found to be comfortable.  Although,  because it is rubber, it is more prove to collect sweat which will allow the watch to slide around.  Again, not that big of an issue, I just wear it tighter.", "gift to my other brother. he liked so much, i stole from him several times to try it. It is a \"weired\" nice looking watch.", "The face is very easy to read. The light also works well in dark conditions. I love that it will give you the average time of your laps and the best lap time over the course of a run so you don't have to figure that avg. out yourself. I have not used the workout/interval function yet so I can not comment on that but it seems like it would be very useful if you did that sort of training. The only drawback that I see is that when your wrist and watch get wet it takes a very long time to dry. It makes sense since rubber is not very breathable, but I guess I did not think of that before since I had never owned a watch with a rubber band. Overall I am happy with this purchase as it does exactly what I bought it to do.", "I love this watch. The wrist strap design is much improved over Nike Triax Speed which tended to come apart at hinged points. Triax Fury has a nicely contoured uni-body design for watch and strap (no hinge points). Display is easy enough to read although the crystal is a flat plane and can reflect light (on this point, the Triax Speed was superior due to its rounded magnifying crystal). I am very satisfied with the Nike Triax Fury 100, an exceptional value for the $32 price.", "Great features, sleek look, Nice Backlight visibility, interval capabilities, and up to 100 lap tracking!  30 bucks doesn't buy you anything better!", "Nike Triax Fury 100 Style Watch, Black/Light GraphiteThis is my second purchase of this exact watch.Pros: Great color and look.Pros: Band stays on for outdoor activities, it is a rubber material so it wont smellPros: Easy to view, the display is tiltedPros: QualityCons: instructions are a little crazy, but I know how to set it now! also available online when you lose them.Overall:  Best price I have seen on this watch.  I think Nike is dropping out of watches so this may be a closeout to snatch up.Chef Kurt", "I purchased this watch as a replacement for a Nike watch that i had for about 7 years.  I was very happy with my orginal and just as happy with its replacement.  I would recommend to anyone looking for a watch in this category", "It is a great product at a reasonable price. The delivery was right on time.", "I searched every local store and searched the web to find the right sports watch after my Timex broke.  I specifically needed the time and date displayed without pressing any extra buttons.  I decided I couldn't find a Timex that I liked so I started looking at the Nike watches.  This watch looks great on.  The face is slightly bigger than I would like but it still looks nice on. It's bigger than most female watches but smaller than most male watches.  This watch has many functions that I don't need but what I do need is displayed on the main screen.  Another great feature of the design is that the loop that the end of the excess band has a peg and hole style so that it stays in the loop and doesn't come out and hang down. Luckily the watch time was already set correctly because there were no instructions included to tell me how to set the watch. I have pressed all of the buttons, but still don't know how to work it very well.  I gave it 4 stars because they didn't make learning how to use the watch very quick or easy, although I have used the back light and the silver button on the front of the watch is actually a button to switch to \"time 2.\"  Overall I am satisfied with my purchase.", "This is a great watch for the price (I payed around $35). The large display is easy to read even while running and the buttons are arranged so that only one will be pressed at a time. There are more modes and features built into this watch than I will ever use, but they are quite handy. I love how it sits diagonally on my arm when worn.My only complaint is the ease with which the sound can be turned on and off. You simply press a button once to turn it on, and again to turn it off. I don't like it when my watch beeps every hour, but I find myself needing to turn off the sound multiple times since I always seem to turn it on without noticing. I wish this was a press and hold feature, but alas, a minor complaint that I can easily live with.The sleep feature of this watch is also really nice and extends the battery life many times over. However, I wish there was an increment shorter than an hour.", "I bought this watch in early 2010 and haven't had to change the battery yet. I swim take a shower and sleep with my watch and the band is so soft that it doesn't bother me at all. Looks new.  I sincerely LOVE my watch!", "This watch is great for keeping track of my running.  It has many many features, and the screen is nice and big.  The buttons are pretty easy to use and it doesn't get too sweaty.  Overall great purchase.", "I just got my watch this morning and it is standard (i.e. fantastic) Nike quality. This watch is perfect for me because I'm quite active in sports. It keeps the time, date, has alarms, lights up green, has a big dial face for quick and easy glances to see exactly what you need to see, even has some sort of data saving function, and is super stylish!My only gripe about this (and it's not even really about the watch itself) is that this model, WR0139, is a women's watch. What this means is that the band is slimmer and shorter than a men's watch. This watch happens to fit me but on the LAST NOTCH; so I'm going to keep it because then the only real gripe I have, then, is the band width, which I don't think anyone is really going to notice.", "really good quality and good for running. the red part of the watch becomes darker and dirty looking after time and I haven't found a good way of making it look clean yet.", "This watch was a great deal for the money i spent on it. At under $50 this watch has everything i need. i only wish it also had a heart rate monitor to it, but then i would've been spending more money. i like the stopwatch/run feature and get the most use out of this. i haven't explored all of the options yet, but i like what i see so far. numbers are easy to read and band fits comfortably on my wrist.", "When I first got it, admittingly I didnot like its strap as much as my previous Nike watches as it's red/black but then and now I'm in love with it..The reason I took it in red was the price:) But now I'm glad I didnot pay extra for the color because the color is really nice and gives me energy during the sports and also goes well with my colorful training clothes..It's so comfortable that I never take it off during my sleep or shower..It has got 2 time zones with just a click to a button or you can view the 2 time zones simultaneously..It has Run, workout, data and alarm modes. It has really satisfied me and I like it so much that I want to wear it to work sometimes:))", "I've owned Timex watches for the past 20 years, using them mostly for running and training for races from 5K to the marathon.  When my battery died on my last one I decided to try something new, especially since the battery didn't last particularly long on it (about 2 years, when it should go 4-5).  I really like this watch.  I've been using it for about a month now, and am impressed with its functionality.Pros: (1) Excellent functionality -- I like how the modes are designed. (2) Power-save feature is very nice -- you can set the watch display to go off after 1, 2, 4, 6 or 12 hours.  I set mine for an hour.  To turn it back on, simply press any button.  (3) Nice, large, visible numbers for splits while running.  (4) Very stylish design.  I was unsure about the colors and look when I ordered it, but I am sold now.  (5) Warranty -- two full years!  That's way better than Timex.Cons: (1) The reset button is also the light function button.  So, in order to reset the memory you must also trigger the light.  Not a big deal, but it does eat battery power.  In my mind, this is more than made up for by the power-save function. (2) I'm not sure and time will tell, but the band has a clip attachment to catch the extra amount of band not being used that seems like it could break.  Perhaps it won't, but I wonder how it will hold up.  (3) The light itself is not overly brilliant -- I do like the \"indiglo\" of Timex better.  But, this is not a big deal.Overall I recommend this product.  For me, four-stars is about as much as a product can earn as I treat five-stars as meaning nearly zero cons -- very rare.  Grab this one and be happy!", "very nice product.i love it ,good service , the watch is very good quality too,this products tend to fit and feel very comfortably", "I completely love this watch and the way it feels. it is well worth the money.", "I'm volley ball coach and this watch help me a lot in my job and also it's very resistant. I loved this watch it's my second I bought.", "nike really did a great job redesigning the wristbands to their watches. this band is all one piece and it is really thick and sturdy. at first i wasnt sure id like how big the big face is, but its grown on me. i wear it primarily as i coach soccer but its such a great looking watch that im wearing it all the time. its very durable also, ive played goalie in it when coaching my boys and after taking shots and diving around on it i havent noticed any wear on it. overall im completely pleased with this watch for the price it was, id recommend it to anyone.", "It's a great sports watch, got it as a gift for my cousin, he loves it.", "Really nice watch.  The band seems very durable.  If you have a small wrist this watch will be a problem as the band near the watch does not flex at all.  I have a med to slightly small wrist and I just barely make it.  I have to use the holes near the end of the strap.  Really nice looking watch, especially with the stainless steel around the face.  The display is nice and large.  When you use the run mode it will display the lap time and total time together, which is really nice.  I am picky about watches and I really like this one alot!", "I was looking for a watch that was easy to operate. You can set two different times zones and get two alarms in each time zone. For running, you have the PACE function which is great for setting target times. Looks great on your wrist and comfortable, but you need to know about the sizes (Super vs, Regular), is hard to find a good information about it, i've got a Super size watch, so, if you are a man with average size buy Super if you are a woman buys Regular size.", "My husband really likes this watch. There were a couple minor snags with it but all in all a good purchase.", "This product is excellent, if you started running and want to do things the right way this is a keeper! great desing and color, light, accurate, and the amazing look....I use it almost everyday to go to work too... and the price awesome!", "This is a very nice casual watch.  It keeps great time and is easy to read with large numbers for all of us that need reading glasses.  Once you get the hang of all the settings it is fairly easy to use.", "Great watch. Times my laps and wakes me up in the morning all while looking quite sharp. Can't beat that!", "This watch is very well built feeling compact and solid on your wrist.  The extra interval timing and pace settings are extremely useful when doing specific workouts.  The saved data is easy to use and calculates important workout info for you on the fly.  I would recommend this watch to any serious runner.", "Great watch. I've read some reviews where they say the watch is to big. I think It's just perfect. For those of you who prefer a smaller version just order the regular watch not the SUPER.", "Love the watch. Size is perfect and with useful features. Only drawback I see so far is that the time does not appear during the running and training chronos, hence it is easy to loose control of the time.", "I love this watch!  It is perfect for my two active sports of Cycling and Surfing but I like enough to wear it every day during the weekend.", "This watch does everything it's supposed to do plus a little more.  It has a pace feature, a recovery feature, and or course a regular stop watch.  The nike fury is super comfortable and fits perfectly on your wrist. Plus it even lights up!", "This is an excellent easy to read and set water proof watch. However it is very east for it to skip modes due to the placing of the buttons", "This is a nice watch for the price.  It fits well on the wrist provided you dont have a large wrist. I bought it for my husband and he is really happy with it.", "Great wacht. I dont understand how can anyone give 3 or 4 star on that wacht. It 5...easy!", "I have been wearing a Nike Triax watch to work for three years stright. Submerged in water, left in the snow for weeks, 120 degree weather, nothing can stop it!also has a great battery power saver feature. I will be wearing these to work as long as they are around.", "I Love my new watch it has a comfortable fit and is easy to set and use.", "Love the watch, love the functions.  I am a novice runner and dont really need lots of functions.  The only complaint was learning how to use the watch.  It didnt come with instructions but I was able to find a set on the internet.  Otherwise I love my nike watch and use it as a daily watch in addition to training.", "I needed a watch to replace my previous Nike watch for swimming. This watch has excellent visability and seems to be reliable, and most importantly, waterproof. The old Nike watch I had was reliable and is still working but the way the band attached to the watch caused it to break and is unrepairable. The price and quality of this unit is terrific.", "Good watch for running - lightweight and has sufficient features for its price. Been using it for a month now and I'm happy with it. Good value for your $$.", "I bought this watch for my husband because he needed one and I thought this would fit his needs.  My husband is very finicky when it comes to his running apparel and accessories.  He seems to really like it and has gotten several compliments on it.  The face is large enough to easily read with a quick glance.  Which is especially important when one is at the age that they need either longer arms or larger print.", "I've had Timex watches but this beats them all. For one, I broke watches annually because i'd do home repair, hunting, etc. with the watch on. This one is now 5 years old! To top that, it's battery just died yesterday... after 5 yrs!! Easy to read and use. Many functions so you can use it for more than running (cooking, timing anything...)A runner's friend. HIGHLY recommend!!", "Watch arrived earlier than date which was great. It was even sent out on the day i bought it. Seller seems like they know what they are doing.Nike Triax watch- Great watch for running/swimming/biking, and outdoor/aquatic activities. Looks great with any outfit. Very simple functioning which is good. Only downside of the watch, is the wrist size. I am a male and have an average size write. I have to wear the watch about my wrist because the two sides of the face that start the watch bands are not long enough to fit the size of my wrist. The watch still looks great. great overall product.", "My marathon son loves this watch - easy to read when on the move, lightweight, doesn't cramp his wrist.", "This watch was a very good purchase. I use it on a daily basis, both for work as well as personally. I like the stopwatch function. I have had this watch for 4 years and it still keeps great time. I have had to replace the battery once and a pin on the band once but it was at minimal cost and for the amount of use I get out of it, it was worth it.", "Excellent watch-- shipping was fast, product came brand new in original box, just as advertised.  Would not hesitate to do business again.", "The numbers are large and the buttons are perfect.  The ability to save data is astounding.  I could not reccomend this product more.", "This is a unique watch, unlike any I have ever owned. The numbers are exceptionally large, clear,and easy to read. The angle of the watch makes it easy to read (if you wear it on your left wrist) whether you wear it on the inside or outside of your wrist. When I am timekeeping in the dojo, where light is sometimes low, I can easily see it without even lifting my arm and distracting the group. It is also easy to set the time and to use the special timing modes. Instructions are simple and easy to understand and I have not needed to re-read them.", "The face of the watch on the page makes everything seem a lot more bold than it really is, in my opinion. I like bold numbers especially if there going to be together that close. The way the watch looks on the page I thought was misleading as well, it looks better online if you ask me. I do like how it sits on your wrist though.", "The super model has a HUGE display that makes reading it while on the run easy.  You don't need your glasses to check the time.  Excellent!", "in the picture, these shoes look more yellow, but they're actually white and grey and it looks so good with the horse hair!!!  amazon delivered in three days and they fit true to size.", "These shoes are really comfortable and light weight, and they look great on!! They are perfect for training in the gym and doing cardio machine workouts. I don't think they are the best for running though.", "Just received this shoe recently and it is awesome! So light weight and flexible. One of the most comfortable workout shoe I've owned. Look around for the best price. I got them on sale at Nordstrom.com.", "Great sneakers. True to size. Comfortable fit especially good for walking instead of high impact aerobics like running or step.", "EVERY TIME I WEAR THESE I GET ASKED &#34;WHERE DID YOU GET THOSE&#8230;THEY ARE SO CUTE?&#34; I OWN 2 PAIRS OF THE NIKE FREE TR&#8230;THEY ARE THE BEST AND VERY COMFORTABLE AND LIGHT WEIGHT. CONSTANTLY CHECKING THE SITE FOR MORE&#8230;LOOKING TO BUY MY 3RD PAIR! :) I LIVE IN FLORIDA AND WEAR MINE WITHOUT SOCKS AND I LOVE THE SNUG FIT!", "My first pair of cross trainers.  I love these shoes!  I have always had running shoes that gave me blisters, but these are like gloves for my feet.", "I must give all the credit to a previous buyer who stated to purchase the next size up. I bought a pair for my daughter for Christmas and read the review...she stay do not run true to size and recommended anyone purchasing to purchase a 1/2 size bigger. So I decided to take her work and do just that. They fit her perfect!!! Thank you so much for the advice!!", "I bought these for my 7th grader that wanted yet another pair of Converse or Vans. I'm so tired of spending the money on those other name brand shoes & they wear out so quick, not to mention they have absolutely no arch support. These Nikes however are GREAT! She loved the color & style & gets so many compliments on them at school. Since these are the winter runners she can walk/run on the wet grass & her socks doesn't get wet. It is nice to have your fashion forward 7th grader not only approve of your purchase, but thank you for it.", "Was looking for a shoe that would be light and comfortable for running, and provide stability when working out cross fit style. This shoe is all that and more. I wear sandals when not working out so shoes already feel restrictive. These feel like I'm wearing a pair of socks with a sole on the bottom. They provide just the right amount of cushion when I am jumping up and down and for side lunging the stability feels right on. Love these shoes!", "The name says it all....NIKE...... looks really good on, great fit, good heal protection....and the color is a true robin eye blue.", "I really like these training shoes.  They are universal in that I can also used them to run in also. They are ver comfortable and  get lots of compliments on how good they look too.", "I love these shoes.  They are extremely comfortable to work out in or even just a 3 mile stroll.  I would recommend getting them a 1/2 size larger than your normal shoe size.  I bought these in my true size and they are a little snug.  I bought another color a 1/2 size larger and they are perfect.", "Hi,My boy normally uses size 8.5 and to be sure I ordered size 9.5 because he is still growing. Size 9.5 was a tight fit although he uses addidas shoes size 8.5. So be sure you know which size to order from Nike.", "The quality is so good on this shirt. My son loves it! It really is just as I expected and I am happy with it!", "Wanted by my grandson in like forever. He loves it !!! It's Nike. Who could ask for anything more !!!", "Comfortable size, inexpensive, doesn't stand out or try to make a fashion statement. Not bulky and light weight. So far so good!", "This is an excellent watch, Nike is a excellent brand, good quality of he product.", "I wear this watch 24/7.  It's got a great look and great functions.  The numbers are large.  The light works great.  You can turn off the sounds so it won't beep when you press a button.  After about a year of wearing it every day it's pretty dirty but its practical use by far outweighs the discoloration.", "I love this watch because it's so stylish and I have yet to see anyone else with it!  Online the watch band looks to be a \"rubber-like\" material, but it is, indeed, a nice sturdy leather.  Another great addition to my watch collection!", "It's a nice watch, but way too young for my taste.  I was looking for a large face watch and this one did fit the bill.  However, I didn't like the wrist band.  I gave this to a younger friend...who loved it!", "Hey! What can I say? I Love the watch. Love the color. It matches most of my outfits. I would reccomend this to anyone.", "My 10-year-old daughter rec'd this watch for Christmas. It has the stopwatch and timer combined so that you either use the stopwatch as a stopwatch and it counts up OR set a time and then it counts down. The alarm is loud enough to be useful. The time is large and easy to read. We find the alarm very easy to set and turn on and off... No learning curve, very intuitive. It is large on a 10-year-old wrist, but not so large that it is cumbersome for her. We all dig it.", "I bought the watch because of Lance Armstrong and for its look. Its super cool and easy to wear  all day. Very pleased.", "- it works fine- the pink light is cute- it works under water- is comfortable- has a good size- it's really pretty, is that watch that allows you to practice sports and look nice", "Very impressed with sleekness and hometown team colors. I couldn't find these colors in regular Nike retail stores. Thanks NIKE.", "Product received was a bit smaller in size than it appeared in the web site. But it is a good brand and works fine.", "My friend daughter enjoyed the watch. she plays basketball and run track and it is very durable for the sports", "This is the perfect gift for a woman! I recommend it 100%, Its very beautiful and the its blue light works very well in the small screen! i am pleased with this purchase!", "I bought this for a gift and decided to keep it because I like the sleek look and the fun band. It looks great with jeans.  I have large wrists and I can wear it, but only on the last hole in the strap. It's difficult to find fun and cute watches for women with 7-inch wrists.This one is not great, but better than most.", "I have wanted another digital watch for a while now and was eyeing this one.  I finally purchased it. I love this watch. It is truly what I was looking for.  The face is the right size.  I do not struggle to figure out the time and date. Bam! It's right there in your face.  Some of my co-workers have been eyeing my watch.  It's a great change from the regular 'ole dressy watch.  I don't leave home without it. It's a great watch to have in your collection.", "It is a very nice looking watch. My friend likes it more than me because she has a very thin wrist, not mine. But I still like it.", "I gave them as a present  to my friend who is a runner and she says they are the best ever!", "I'm on my feet 12 hours a day at work, and this shoe is incredibly comfortable.  Its light but supportive.  I get compliments on the color every day.  I'm pretty bummed that they don't make them any more, since the Pegasus 29s (which I also have) just aren't the same.  Worth going on ebay or something to find this older model.", "I bought these shoes for running mostly. I have pretty wide feet and am very picky about my shoes. These shoes feel like I'm running on clouds. They are great. But after a week of wearing them through some sort of work out class at the gym, I notice the threading is loose. I overpaid for them (~120) but they are really comfortable so I would buy again.", "Comfortable and Pretty shoe, I get alot of compliments everywhere I go.  Wish I could find another pair for summer!!", "I really loved the colors, but the air pegasus did not have enough stability or comfort for me. I'm training for a half marathon and I'm walking/running 3 miles at this point. During a fast walk, I was getting a lot of shin splints. While running, my feet were in a lot of pain. It may be just that these shoes did not work for me and my comfort level requires a bit more cushioning. I would say these are look great and are fine for ordinary moving about, but they did not work for me for serious running.", "This shoe is a really good find if you are a shoe freak since these shoes are old school and rare on the market these days.  Fits true to size and looks good casually or even with athletic gear.", "I love these shoes. They are extremely comfortable and stylish. Received many compliments from others on how COOL this NIKE shoe looks. Combination of a shoe and hiking boot, but looks both blended nicely together.", "This was an excellent purchase. The shoes fit perfectly and they were a great price.", "I really love these shoes!I can have these shoes on for a week and don't get tiredI can walk as much as forrest gump with them and still feel happy100% recommend it", "I bought these because I was looing for a good running shoe with pretty good support.  I found the construction was good but not enough support.  Not the best nike product.", "I actually have a pair of ventulus and these are the lanangs, not he ventulus. wish I could have a pair of lanangs because they are perfect for the steeple chase but they are definitely too big for me", "Bought these for my son.  He wasn't thrilled with the color initially, but I convinced him they were a quality shoe for a super good price.  His teammates keep asking where he got them, and he tells them he ordered them on Amazon from a company in England, which seems impressive to his friends. Everyone tells him that they are really nice shoes.  Consequently, my son now loves these shoes.  They fit him well; he has a narrow foot, and Nike runs narrow.  They are mesh and clean up very easily, after he has run on muddy, dirty trails.  This was one of my best buys ever.  Thank you, Amazon.", "My second pair I found a style that works for me comfortable and durable light weight I can't say enough good things about these glasses", "I was pretty happy with my purchase when I bought these retro nikes, definitely a head turner. If your buying them for fashion/casual style then they're a perfect fit for your collection but as far as running shoes compared to newer nikes, I wouldnt prefer them.", "i love these shoes. They fit my feet perfectly and are really nice too. Also they have a lot of cushion around the ankle so they are very comfortable.", "Purchased these shoes for my 14 year old.  He LOVES them!  They are comfortable, easy to put on, and they look really nice.  He has big feet and the striping on this shoe really tones that down.  A++++ Very well made shoe!", "very comfortable, attracted blot of attention while in the Gym.I know they was expensive for running shoes but they feel so good on my feet while standing for more than 8 hours and jogging on a tread mill for 45 minuts", "my son needed running shoes for school. he love the look of the shoes and he said they feel very good.", "This is the right  stofft, very confortable, it worth the money you pay.you can spend the hall day walking on this shoes, and do  not even fell it", "I searched and searched for this shoe for my son. Amazon was the only one to have it in his size. They are perfect.", "Very good quality shoe. My husband wears these everyday for work and they have held together pretty well. They are really bright though, I can't loose him in a crowd.", "Great fit and looks, keeps my feet cool and work great with my nike+ipod.Do not walk on wet floors with these shoes or any air max shoe with this type of sole.these shoes seriously loose grip on almost all in-door wet floor surfaces like gym locker floor tiles.", "I'm not so sure that these shoes are more for show, than for go.  They have slightly pointed toes, but give my 10D feet excellent fit when the strings are pulled tight. They look awesome.  I wore the pair for the first time to the grocery store and had three women from out of the blue strike up conversations with me. Having now put approximately 100 miles on these shoes I can say that they are not my favorite runners.  The insoles are very thin, so replace these with a spare pair taken out of a used favorite running shoe and the experience will be more pleasing.  I replaced the lime green laces with black to reduce the ice candy effect to keep the ladies away while grocery shopping. It seems to help.", "This product came to me, very comfortable, excellent design, but in the sending I get a white shoe and a shoe gray. Apparently someone sharing.The company returned my money responsibly.", "Love These Kicks Well Worth The Cash And There So Bright And Easy to clean But They Dont Get Dirty At All So Im Totally Satisfied", "fits good for running. just as i expected because i have been wearing nike for years and they are comfortable.", "These shoes are clean with a clean style that will get you compliments at the gym. Comfort wise there like walking on sun shine. lol and Amazon keeps Me Satisfied.", "Bought these last weekend from a Nike outlet. Fairly lightweight for a running shoe, and very comfortable to wear. My guess would be that the red/orange will not stay clean long since I normally do my running on an unpaved trail. Even if you are not going to run in them they seem to be great shoes to wear around on a normal basis. Overall, I'm satisfied with these so far.", "I purchased this shoe back in 2007. I use this shoe as a work shoe and I love it! I have been wearing these same shoes for almost 6 years now. They still look good, but after standing 9 hours a day 5 days a week they have a hole in the toe. I am shopping for the same shoe. I am attached!", "very comfortable.", "i like it its a confortable and soft by my feets its a great articule and maybe i will love it", "I always buy these shoes. This is my third pair. I have this issue with my knee and I need light shoes, this is the only shoe I have worn this far that is light, comfortable, affordable, and durable. Awesome shoes!", "Hard to find all black nike's. These are awesome. Love these for work! It is like walking on air. Nice.", "this fit very well. alittle on the smaller size. you would have to wear a few times to have a great fit. however i stil love this product my favorite pair of sneakers to date.", "These are a true 7.5 women's and are incredibly comfortable and supportive, providing a great service for working out with weights or heavy aerobic jumping, etc. The arch support is excellent. When they wear out eventually, I'll just replace them. They're the best sneakers I've found so far.", "This watch is really easy to use as well as stylish. The band seems very durable. It's a great sports watch. Overall I am really pleased with the purchase!!!", "Shipment arrived on time. Great service and product! I would recommend to a friend and will shop with them again.", "This watch is great gave it to my grandson for his birthday he wears it all the time.  It is easy to see and no guess work on his part, no excuses to come home late.", "I haven't used the workout lap features yet, so no comment there.  It's a good medium sized watch.  My favorite feature so far is being able to display two time zones.  It seems of sturdy construction.  My only annoyance is the top right button often gets pushed by the back of my hand during moderate workout activities, which turns the alarm feature on and off.  Other than that, I love this watch so far.", "I got this watch and it came brand new. The box was in perfect condition. The watch works great and looks great too. The only thing I can find about it that is a little annoying, is that the alarm button (the one that goes off every hour) gets easily pushed unknowingly.NIKE TRIAX FURY 50 REGULAR WATCH BLACK/RED WR0141-012", "nike makes great watches, meant to get the triax speed though,this is a good watchdoesn't do the countdown timer like i wantgot a great dealband holds up great, my last watch got kicked off in a triathlon, but worked great till then", "The originals were far more comfortable. I felt these were a bit cheaply made. Had to return them because they weren't as comfortable as I thought they'd be.", "light, comfortable, easy to get on an off!my favorite shoes ever! Can wear them all day with no hurting feet or back!", "Hey Fair n NY, I think you may want to get an X-ray on those knees! These shoes have excellent grip, which is definitely needed for gym or street ball. I'm \"Fair in LA\" with these size 11kicks!", "Live in Alaska, so they haven't been worn outside yet.  Using them on inside screen golf to break them in, which means limited walking.  Amazingly after only three times these are some of the most comfortable golf shoes I've owned.  I was concerned about a long break-in period - but, that concern has vanished.  Very nice - and would very much recommend them to others!  Thanks.", "too much grip on the shoe results in your knees hurting after jab steps. cool shoes, but not so cool for my knees. sctually hurt knees playing in these be warned...", "I've only worn them once. So far so good. Nice snug fit. Feet felt secure when running and changing direction while playing basketball.", "I bought these for my dad, an avid golfer, and he loves them.  They are very comfortable.", "Quality of show is great, would be comfortable if not tight.  I have learned that Jordan brand should add a half size.", "fits perfectly feels very comfortable when i play basketball. I would recommend these shoes for well protects ankles. very happy with this buy.", "a pleasant surprise, a well received gift for my son. A seventeen year old, hope they hold up to abuse!", "The company responded to the problem with the item and refunded with no concerns.  I was pleased with the customer service, not with the item - seems like the latest model syncs better with the other items it needs to.", "I got it for the Ipod touch.  It's made for the Nike app.  If you just want to use it as a remote for your music you have to set up a generic workout and then go through the Nike App to change the music to the song/podcast/audiobook you want to listen to.  Took a bit to figure it out but I'm happy with it.  Like no having to pull out the Touch to pause/adjust song.", "This is a watch and a wireless iPod remote, intended to use with your Nike+ adapter connected in your iPod and shoe.As a watch, it's has a very cool look, but it's not quite usable, because everytime you need to see what time is it, you have to press a button an see rolling the hour and the the minutes. And in open sunlight the LCDs can't be seen easily, so you have to catch or make a shade to see the info. This two things could make a no-go for some people.As a remote, it works absolutely flawlessly with every iPod I've tested, the unique exceptions are the iPhone (2G or 3G version), and the iPod Touch (Gen. 1 and 2), but I believe that with the latter (iPod Touch 2G) some solution can be done via software update, because this device has the Nike+ receiver inside, but no option to sync.Besides this issues, training feedback, switching song, setting volume and playing your selected Power Song works incredible, so this accessory becomes the perfect companion in your training sessions, and a useful iPod mate in the everyday routine, because it make easier and more accesible to have the control of your music in the iPod.I can recommend it wholeheartedly to every people who can't train or go in their lives with the music they love in their ears, like me.UPDATE: Apple solved the 2G iPod Touch issue, and now it works perfectly with it, you just have to download the latest firmware, and be sure you are connected to the shoe receiver.There's a new version that upgrades the wireless capabilities, and changes the string, but nothing else.", "These shoes were a great deal, and a good purchase for $89. I have had Nike Air Max 360's in the past and absolutly loved that shoe. I just wish Nike had not changed the III's toe box, more narrow:( I dont have crazy wide feet, but prefer a little more room in the toe box. I will buy the 360's when they are re-released by Nike, for the benefit of a wider toe box. If you dont need the wider toe room, get these, they are a great shoe, lots of cushion and comfort, great looking shoe as well. But I need something that performs, not just something pretty to wear.", "This sneaker needs to be laced just right so the heal portion does not dig into your anckle. It took several tries before I got it right. Once I got the laces correct it is a good shoe.", "I ordered this watch because of the large display. Easier to see while running or swimming. Functions are easy to use. It can display two time zones and two alarms. Get alot of comments that its a cool looking watch. The yellow and black band compliments the Lance Armstrong line of Nike clothing. Love the power saver feature which turns the watch off in 3, 6, or 12 hour increments.", "I needed a workout/running/sweat on it watch and this watch has all the features I needed and was very reasonably priced. The fit is a bit stiff on my wrist as the band is molded about an inch off of the face before the polyurethane strap is free to bend.", "I purchased this as gifts for my teenage nephews. The item arrived promptly & in great shiny new condition. Teenagers are designed to break stuff so I can't really give an honest review on it's features and functions. The color options where nice. They matched their team's colors.", "This watch is pretty and functional. The watch was easy to set up. I had no problems setting the time and date.", "It has a nice design.  It grips in place.  Adjustable.  The color changes based on the hue of your skin.", "I LOVE THIS WATCH.  I had one about 2 years ago and lost it so I was lucky enough to find another one on Amazon.  I like it for a variety of reasons.  It has the basic watch essentials; alarm, stopwatch, date, and it's water resistant.  It is also very unique!  I haven't met anyone else who has one like it.  I have the clear watch and wear with everything... in fact the only time I have taken it off was for my wedding.  If you're sceptical about the band, don't be.  It is flexible and secure without being a nuisance.  My wrist is six inches in diameter and it fits perfectly.  This is the perfect functional/fashionable watch!", "I really liked this watch but it was HUGE on my wrist. I do not think i have unusually small wrists but it was literally hanging off and would easily fall off. I had to return it.", "I love this watch! It stays on just fine throughout the day and I feel lost without it!", "Had been looking all over for this watch. Found it here for a 3rd of the price and now My child is very happy to have this watch for running.", "I ordered this watch only knowing that I wanted a 'sporty' style watch.  It feels comfortable to wear and looks great!", "great watch for a small wrist. Simple and different. Great for workouts and for daily use.  Loved the red color.", "I am really enjoying wearing this watch.  It's comfortable and cool looking.  I get compliments on it, too!", "I love a cuff watch and this one is comfortable on my small wrist and quite easy to read, as well.", "i bought this watch back in august 2010 (via my sister-in-law's Amazon account) right after i gave birth to keep track of nursing, etc.  i LOVED this watch... it had all the important functions that i need:- back light- timer- stopwatch- alarm- 2 time zones- great snap-on design so i can easily take off watch even while nursing to check the time and there's no bulky buckle to rub against my baby's head while i carry him.HOWEVER, i had to replace the battery 6 months after purchasing it despite the manual saying that the battery should've lasted 2 years AND my 20-lb. baby just sat on it yesterday and snapped the band!  now, i want to replace the watch with the same one and the price has jumped to $89!  when i bought it, it was $29!  it's a great watch for $29 but i'm not going to spend $89 on a watch that will probably break again.  (the vendor name was \"Watch Colony\")too bad.  now i'm looking for a replacement...  (this is my 2nd nike watch that had band issues.  years ago i had a triax watch.  loved the design and functionality but THAT band also broke - that time along the dots of the band.)", "Fun AND functional!  Nike has had a string of great designs in their sport watches. I always get compliments on them. This is a cuff bracelet design which I like very much with jeans or skirt. Comes in a couple of colors. Hope Nike will continue marketing interestingly designed watches that actually work beautifully as well.", "I loved this watch when I bought it. After 4 months, the \"flexible\" band snapped as I was putting it on. I contacted the seller who told me they were not responsible for it and to try contacting Nike. I did not try to contact nike yet. Otherwise, watch itself worked great.", "Received this watch as a gift and loved it--comfortable, easy to read, worked great for timing my walking and swimming.  After about 16 months it died--not the battery.  I miss it; have not found a good replacement.", "I bought this watch to time my distance runs and am very happy with it.  I have a smaller wrist and I feel the size of the watch is perfect - it's slightly loose (it moves up and down my wrist a bit) but not so loose that I'm worried it might fall off.  The timer function is great for what I need it for.  It records minutes, seconds, and hundredths of seconds for the first hour, then hours, minutes, and seconds after that.  I'd highly recommend this watch for runners!", "This watch is perfect for working out and running.  The Cuff style band makes it light and flexible on your wrist. It does not move all around your wrist as you move like a traditional sport watch with a buckle hole band which I totally love.  I always get compliments on the sleek design.  I hope this style never gets discontinued because it is literally my favorite sport watch I've ever owned and I've owned a few!!", "I've had this watch for awhile now and I love it!  I like that it's stylish enough to wear in most situations and with most outfits but, more importantly, I love the sensible, practical features.  For starters, it's even smaller than it looks on the website and it's so light I sometimes forget I'm wearing it.  But despite being light it's not at all flimsy, which is important in a running watch.  Next, the band that keeps the strap in place locks on to the strap which is very convenient.  But my very favorite feature is the waterproofing.  I accidentally wore the watch in the shower which can fry even the best waterproof watch, and it came out fine.  Also, most watches are no longer waterproof after you change the battery because you have to remove the little screws that hold back in place and that can ruin the seal. But to change the battery on this watch you only have to remove cover, which is the kind you turn with a coin and locks into place after you're done.  All in all, everything about this watch is convenient and well planned out.  I strongly recommend buying this watch!", "This is a beautiful, sporty watch that's easy to use and looks good with a lot of my outfits. I wear it every day, and love that I've been able to figure out most of the settings with very minimal manual-reading on my part. Setting things up (or changing the time) is pretty intuitive, I think.", "This is an excellent watch.  I am a nurse and busy Mom and wear this watch 24/7 for the last year and a half.  Since it is on my wrist all the time it has cosmetic damage like dings and scratches and needs to be replaced.  The watch fits great, is comfortable, and serves my needs.  I also receive many compliments on this watch and it's interesting look.  And I'm excited I found it here.  Lovelovelove it!", "I love my Nike Triax Mia Running watch. It's stylish and sporty, so you knock off two birds with one stone!", "The watch is awesome. I was very impressed. It is the perfect size for a woman! I love all of the features and it is easy to use.", "I already have a pair of these shoes in the red/white and I can honestly say they are the most comfortable sports shoe I have tried on in a long time--that is why I purchased a second pair on Amazon.  The original price for the shoes is $139.99 so you can't go wrong with the price even with the shipping and handling.  Another great thing--they look great too!  People will stop and tell you \"Nice shoes\" you'll have to try them and see! They fit true to size so if you need a little extra toe space go up 1/2 size.", "Absolutely love these running shoes. I have wide feet and there is plenty of room in the toebox. Also have great impact cushioning. However I dont think they make this particular model anymore", "they have lots of room in the toe box and are ultra comfortable. I love the colors and style, too.  I would definitely recommend these!", "I find they are about a 1/2 size big, but are very comfortable. This style is a favorite at my house.", "These are my first Nike shoes and, to be honest, I was expecting more from the so famous brand.Don't get me wrong, I like the shoes. I just don't see the extra value for being a Nike's.As said before, they are very light. They are basketball's shoes, they need to be light.They are also very confortable for walking and every day use.I just don't like the touch of feather like flaps on the sides (like silk). They are a little too fashionist for my taste.Overall, these go nice with most jeans and casual wear.", "Product as described, easy to navigate around site, and easy to purchase.  Would buy from here again.", "Can't beat the price for these kids Nike shoes.  I wanted a shoe for my son for Christmas that he could wear daily.  These are great.  They arrived in less than a week.  They seem to be excellent quality and well made.  For the price of Nike's at the store, compared to the price on Amazon, it can't be beat!  He is going to be very excited. Excellent looking pair of Nikes.", "These sneakers look better on than in the pics.I bought light up laces for them and it looks so good (light up laces looked great but wouldn't stay on)....either way the sneakers are hot!!", "My son loved his air force 1 and it fits as I expected. I will be ordering another pair for my niece.", "My boyfriend really enjoys these boots and is on his third pair. They last along time and a great if you work or stand on your feet a lot.", "I bought these shoes for my boyfriend for his birthday. He absolutely loves them. He says they are extremely comfortable which is very important because he is on his feet all day at work. The shipment got there fast and was in excellent condition.  I would definitely recommend.", "excellent product , free of defects and great quality .i am completely satisfied with the acg's.i recomend these to anyone.", "I bought these for police work - they say the key to police work is comfortable foot wear. They're light weight, and easy to keep looking nice. Indoors they allow me to walk much quieter than a clunky work boot. I will definitely buy another pair.", "These are the second pair of these boots I purchased for my husband.  He liked the pair we bought for work use so much he purchased a second pair for leisure use.", "Seeks ks k so Menendez mens be bane nan back en ears. Den dude band do feel free gym we did dc", "Bought these boots from a store in the mall, they are awesome boots,comfortable lightweight,and waterproof. My only complaint is the color wore off them on the front top of shoe just below the laces. It kinda turned gray greenish color but in all fairness I wore them in the snow and rain at work. I'm looking to replace them with the same boots again.", "These are probably the most comfortable boots I have ever purchased. It really is worth the money. I'm always on my feet and I love how its waterproof. Looks great with some boot cut jeans. Def worth the money. If it were up to me I would buy them again and again. Oh yeah another thing is that they are lightweight.", "This is my 2nd air of this shoe, and it gives  the support and durability I require.  Great style, easy lacing and easy care.", "Thank you for your prompt and precise service on this item they are hard to find in my area under 160.00 and i appreciate it thanks!!!!!!", "Purchased as a gift. Item exactly as described. Fits very well and they are not too bulky considering they are size 13.", "I like these boots because they feel like a sneaker but look like a work boot. They also dont' get as hot as a work boot.", "Nothing more comfortable for wearing wherever, whenever!", "had a really hard time finding a good boot for work but ever since i got the acg, my foot hasnt hurt one bit. I love these boots and will continue using it for the future", "Wanted to wait before I rated these shoes.  Took a couple of days to get used to but once broke in, very comfortable.  I am on my feet all day and on concrete and these shoes releive a lot of tension in my legs.  Highly recommend.", "This shoe color is very match!  the size is very fit! The quality is a best for a first choice! But the prices so expensive!", "This is now my fourth pair of these boots.  They are the most comfortable work boots I have ever worn and that is why I keep buying them.", "this boots are warm and comfortable. Now I drive everywhere I go so the warm part is partly due tp the heat of my car. But I love the boots and they are good looking too.", "Nike has always and continues to give you the exact product that I want and that is described to me. Never any complaints from over here.", "I have a back problem and the best thing for that is some good shoes.They fill like my air max sneaker just a little heavy.", "this boot is very comfortable with all the air bubbles on the bottle. the styles are very nice and its good for all work conditions", "these boots are the best. after chronic foot pain for many years, the first week no pain. can't say enough good things to NIKE!", "Very happy with the quality of the Nike Boot and especially the time in which I received it, I received them 3 days after I ordered them.  Thanks Amazon!", "Good all around shoe this is my second pair. they are durable and comfortable a fine shoe for work or play.", "Nike ACG is the most comfortable boot you can wear...i had arthritis pain in my left foot...but since i been wearing ACG or even Nike airmax sneakers...the pain is gone!! real talk", "Got them in a timely fashion. The price was fantastic I finally gotten what I wanted for a great price.", "Was looking for work shoes. These were perfect. More comfortable than regular work shoes. Part of my job considers a lot of walking and these worked out great.", "I was more than pleased with the quality of the product along with the timely fashion that it was delivered. I really appreciated the fact that I was informed from the time of the order to the time of the delivery.The merchandise arrived in wonderful condition. And for now on I will be shopping more at Amazon then anywhere else.One Satisfied Customer!!!", "Wore them to work today , they fit great , not too heavy and my feet weren't killing me at the end of the day .", "looks good, feels good and wears well. you can find more colors on ebay. best fitting and looking boot that i've had in a while. on par with lugs, harleys or whatever.", "Well let me start by saying this is my second pair of these boots. They were so comfortable I had to get another pair. They held up pretty good seeing that I wore them five days a week for about 2 1/2 years for work.", "Comfortable, Stylish, Functional, and most of all, I can wear it all day without the heels of my feet hurting at the end of my days work.", "this is my second pair of these nike boots.  they are the best work boots i have ever had and i've been wearing work boots for over 16 years now.  my feet are never cold and i work on a dock.  and they never get wet when in the snow or rain.  my first pair lasted me about two years and i could still get more wear out of them.  the boots came in a timely manner and were in excellent shape.  i would recommend these boots highly !", "I Been wearing these boots for 20 yrs or more. They are comfortable and wear very well. I have plantis fascitious in my feet and these boots make that condition a lot more bearable when doing alot of walking.", "Excellent,. Standing in one place for 7 hours is no joke. This really works. Its better than the insoles that I bought for my old boots.", "Im a 39 yr old auto mechanic. I've worn wolverine, timberland pro, fila sneakers, brahma. Excellent boot. I put $3 foam insoles in mine. Wear from sunrise to bedtime. Buy these!", "I can't really wear it the right boot is killing me ankles I wore the boots twice and on the second time at work I has to take them off and luckily I had shoes that I keep in my office and put those on. The right boat hurtled so much I couldn't walk", "it is a good product, but my kid used just 2 weeks, because it is too small...", "GREAT SNEAKERS TO DO SPORT ACTIVITIES WITH. I PLAY BASKETBALL IN MY GYM CLASS WITH THESE AIR MAXES.", "Ordered them Jan 31.  delivery date was Feb 28+,.  Got them on the 14th.  Wide, but i wear orthotics so they fit perfect with them in.  Great cleats.", "I rank these right up there with the Jordan XX8 as some of the best basketball shoes to ever come out of Nike's famed factory.  They do fit a little small, so be sure to buy one size larger (or maybe 1/2 size).  They have eye-catching style and ridiculously good grip on the court.  The only downside is that they wear out quick when you play on asphalt (30-40 games) but they last three times as long on indoor courts.  The part I loved about these the most is how low your feet are to the ground...you can feel EVERYTHING and they are really responsive.  If you're a guard or forward who utilizes a lot of cuts & crossovers,, this shoe will leave you with a smile on your face.", "My son used these for baseball this past year.  Great shoes with a great price!", "She loved how comfortable these were and the color combination was her favorite. Throw in the Apple Nike + ipod sport kit and it's a great combo.", "I purchased the Nike Shox + experience and I love them. They are comfortable & stylish. I really like the Nike + iPod feature.", "My son loves them, they fit great and he enjoys playing with them on. Would like to see a few true high top baseball and football shoes. They would protect kids ankles.", "These were a great price and fit. No problems and much happiness to the wearer.", "Great shoe for my son, he plays lil league baseball & he feels they helped him run fast lol they stayed in great condition all summer", "I got this for my husband, and he really liked it.  He said the pants is very comfortable.  He is very picky, but this satisfied him.", "I just bought the new version of the Nike+ Sportsband at Nike Town, and I have to say I LOVE it. I've heard negative things about the first generation but so far the new second generation is great! I don't have Nike+ running shoes so I bought a Nathan pocket from REI and the accuracy is right on straight from the box. Syncs flawlessly to my Mac and keeps track of all my data via the [...] site.", "The Nike Sportband is amazing.  I was using a public website or my car to try to figure out how many miles I was running.  This does your distance, pace, calories and time of the run.  It keeps weekly totals for the current week and a total of all miles ran.  It's also a watch.  This is a great product for its price and itstead of buying a $300 Garmin watch, you can do the Nike Sportband.  Apparently Nike has shoes where the sensor will fit under the insole.  However, my Nikes are old so I just bought a little pouch that goes on your laces.  I don't even feel it.  Plus Nike support is amazing.  My sensor was not working when I bought it and Nike shipped me a new one, free of charge, in like two days.", "My two sons bought these watches are seeing a friend's and being impressed. However, one watch started with condensation inside during the first week, as we were on a  trail run through the wet bush. It never recovered and now has a large brownish rainbow edged splurge on the display! The second watch went the same way after being worn overnight. And guess what, the friend's watch is also kaputt.If Nike makes gear for posers, they should state that.We've all agreed never to buy anything from Nike again. One star for one week's wear?", "My daughter uses these shoes for Volleyball and P.E.  She loves them and they look good too!  She said she feels like they help her jump higher and she said she liked the added height she feels while wearing them.  Overall, outstanding!", "I want more of this shoes. Do you have it? I will bye!Or can you tell me where i can bye Nike Womens Shox Vivify + Running Shoes", "nicely fitting,love the material,they don't ride up on you when going over various drills. ARE YOU READY FOR SOME FOOTBALL", "i did buy this shoes to go mountain bike riding love the shoes this is the type of shoes i like for my montain bike riding ...", "Perfect for outdoor running.  Very comfortable.  Fabric breathes even once moist.  Excellent purchase for price.  Would highly recommend to others.", "This was a Christmas gift for my grandson.  His mother told me he wanted these.  He was thrilled, and he is always &#34;in style&#34;.", "I really love this tank- it is great when running to not bunch under your arm pits. it lets you be cool while pretty and still girlie.", "I returned them because I didn't like the way they looked on me. The company however was great with packaging, delivering and returning.", "I love these flip flops!!  I have 3 pairs.  The sandal part is made of neoprene (wet suit material) and fits in-between toes very nicely.  Unlike plastic or other materials that tend to rub and irritate your tender in-between toes skin.  The bottom is made of a very flexible, cushiony rubber material , that makes it very comfortable to walk around for hours.", "THIS WAS A SHOE THAT WAS BOUGHT NOT A SHIRT WATCH WHAT YOU BUY MAKE SURE YOUR PRODUCT IS CORRECT I SEE AMAZON IS OFF ON THE PICTURES THEY SUBMIT", "These shoes are what I expected...!  I would purchase again.  I really would like to find more colors in this style however my small 8 year old grandson liked them and that is all that matters lol.", "Love these shoes. .. Shoes were at a great price.  Better than going in the store. Would recommend these shoes for anyone.", "They are my favorite sneakers I had them for years. I have to get a new one I can't live without them.", "Perfect, exactly what I was looking for", "These shoes looks really really good. You can't tell that they're so cheap. In this case, you don't get what you pay for. You get something way better!", "az very nice product that my son had to have and i recommend these shoes for any parent that like Nikes and a good look for kids.", "This pair of shoes is a perfect fit for my woman's size 8 foot and was &#34;rightly&#34; priced! I would recommend these to anyone.", "My son really liked these sneakers and wears them all of the time. That's really all I have to say but this software required more words.", "Loved it. Fits my son perfectly. However too much unnecessary packaging which adds to the total weight of the item.", "MY SON LIKE THEM A LOT GO WIT A LOT OF HIS SHORTS THANX WE WILL B ORDERIN SUM MORE SOON", "My wife was so happy when we found these she could never find them in her size so she got a pair and my baby girl also got a pair", "I just love this jacket! Thi is all and more I wanted... The color is nice and the model is perfect for women.", "These shoes are the most comfortable and seem to help with the shock of running. They are really secure around the back of the ankle, so if that is not comfortable for you, you will not like shox. But these are the best I've tried out of former asics and different stile of Nike's.", "I purchased these shoes for running. They are fablious! I will buy Nike shox again! They are sized a little small.I typically wear a 7 1/2 but in these it took a 8. Very nice and comfortable shoe!", "My son loves these shoes. I was debating because of the color but I found so much to match .", "This shoe is just as advertised.  The fit was perfect and my grandson has no problem with it.  We received it promptly and the packaging was good.  I will not hesitate to buy from this vendor again.  I am very satisfied.", "I use these shoes when I exercise at work - most times I work out in the warehouse - so these shoes are a must when jogging on concrete. The first time I put the shoes on it felt like I always had them. Very comfortable.", "These sunglasses are the best that I have ever owned. I would recommend them to anyone that is required or need to wear sunglasses due to vision problems. They look pretty cool too.", "I've loved Nike Aur Force Ones since I was just a boy. Glad to see Nike stick with them and allow the freedom of creation to bring out our individualism. Great way to bridge the \" Ol' School\" with the \"New School\"", "Favorite shoe as always. I've been wearing air max's since the nineties and when they came back I was really pleased. Great product!", "Great price great fit exactly what I wanted with a much better price than I could find in stores thx", "I choose to rate this as a 3 because they fit tight, but I think being they are leather they will take some getting use too. Great look, and I will try to wear them longer to get the feel of comfort I'm looking for. Priced good but mayby should of waited for the price to come down some more.Non the less I will try shoe trees to get more room.", "I bought both black and white. The sneaker is comfortable and fits nice. I wish they had alot more colors.", "A man helping m help reach people in prison wears daily. He is three hours of misc. work outs daily.He loved these and no foot pain from rag-look prison shoes.", "I live for fresh and clean sneakers, even though I am a stiletto wearing woman during my 9-5. But when I am not at work, I take full advantage of being comfortable.  These sneakers are very comfortable and nice to walk in.  They run pretty true to size, even though this is a man's shoe and I'm a woman.  I wear a 7.5 in mens shoes and don't mind buying mens sneakers because the men have a better selection in sneakers.  Overall, a nice and good looking sneaker.  I do recommend.", "I ordered these shoes for my son because he asked for this pair specifically!  And I was pleased that they shipped out the exact day that I placed the order and he was soooo happy with them.  Said they are the most comfortable sneaker he has ever had!  Mom and son are thrilled!", "The shoes fits just right and im glad i got on to see that shoe because i had been looking for an all white pair of nike shoes and could never find them.Until i got on amazon.So i had to order them", "These pants fit well and are well made, but I ordered them thinking they would help insulate in colder weather and the fabric is not designed for that.", "They didn't fit me they were not my size and im a size 10 they were 7 and thats why i choose that rating", "I love this shirt so much. It came quickly. I wasn't expecting it so soon. I will be buying a lot more from Just Do It 4 Less!", "I love these shoes! they are awesome, i've only had them for about a week, but i'm not disapointed at all. definitly a nike free customer from now on! :)only downsize is not having 1/2 sizes", "Love the shoes! Though I think it's a little bit heavy, but the design and color for me is perfect. I wear this almost everyday LOL! Thanks Amazon!", "great shoe, fits perfect, like pearl effect of shoe. its right on time for the olympics colors, one of many great color ways for lebron 9 low.", "Fit well, shipped on time, my husband loved the material and fit. I will order another one in a different color soon.", "Just as good as every other pair of Pegasus I've ever had.  Take a beating and keep going.  Great for distance running or just wearing around the house. Best overall shoe ever made in my opinion.", "I like these low Blazer's. Just not alot-alot. They are nice for walking or skateboarding.", "Great shoes!  They are exactly what my husband wanted and will order the black ones in the future", "These shoes were purchased for my grandson. He looked at so many pairs and finally selected this pair. They were very comfortable and fit well. They lasted a long time. They are a good pair of shoes for a teenage boy who loves playing basketball. Marie", "I usually do not spend a lot of money on shoes, but I'm glad I did!!.These are the most comfortable shoes that I have EVER owned!! The colors are bright and I love the fact that the strings stretch a little bit to help get your shoes tighter. I will be buying more shoes for my kids soon!!Thank you and I will be ordering again soon.Jason Osterhoff", "very good&#65292;match with the photo, brand new and clear,it is worth of this price.i may use for body fits.", "Theses Nike slides are comfortable and cute all at the same time. Made an awesome gift. The size, arrival time, and fit was wonderful.", "Thanks so Much", "I got these for my boyfriend for our anniversary and he hasn't taken them off since, so they're pretty durable too :)", "These shoes are great! They are comfortable and look great. I highly recomend these slides if you are going to get any.", "what a comfortable pair of shoes and fit great. easy to wear and no hurting the bottoms.  hassle free shipping and came by the time stated", "I wear these comfort slides around the house every day. They are comfortable! I do however have to wear them with socks so that they stay on easier; I have neuropathy in my feet and the pressure of a tight fit makes them hurt more.  That is why I have to have a slide sandal of this nature, so I can be comfortable around the house.", "If these get wet, you're screwed. They will stink to high heaven no matter how many times you clean them.  Otherwise they are great. Very comfortable.  For best results only wear indoors with socks on.  If you're feet sweat, and or these get wet, they will retain the stink forever.......", "These are ultra cushy and quite comfortable.  It took a little bit of playing around with adjusting the straps but once I got it just right, they felt.  I would buy these again.", "Feels great on the feet. I wear these around everywhere when I plan on having a lazy day.", "I got these for my son and he loves them. They are comfortable and arrived earlier than expected...which is awesome. If you can please a teenager then your doing something great.", "Bought these for my husband and wish I had bought some for myself!  He loves them!  They have an incredible cushion that makes them extremely confortable and the look is awesome!", "These slippers are very comfortable and look nice. I like the that you can adjust the tension on them because I have wider foot. Will definitly buy another pair but differant color.", "My husband loves this pair of sandals.  He has wide feel so they fit perfectly and they are sturdy (well worth the price).  The gel sole makes the comfort level a 10.", "Love them, my little brother had some and I tried them and had to get me some and mine are great!", "My son loved the slides. He uses them for after basketball practice. The picture of the slides to me did not do the slides justice. They look better in person.  Once I placed my order, I received them quickly.  Great purchase.", "I have already owned a pair of these (until my Great Dane ate them) and they are extremely comfortable. I love them and they are perfect indoor slides.", "My son begged me for a month to purchase these shoes and he is 100% satisfied with them. They are sleek and smooth and very nice looking. He is keeping up with the trends at school and has now called me a superhero because I got him the shoes he wanted. We are all now, Nike fans! Great Buy!", "I got this shoe as a size 7 when i was a size 5, up until i was a size 9.5, and I LOVE the incredible comfortable foam padding, which forms to your feet. There is an adjustable foam strap that is also very comfortable. I am also ordering another pair slightly bigger. These also fit wide feet as I wear wide shoes, and my friends are not wide, and the love it too. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS COMFORT SLIDE SHOE.Comfort: 10Looks: 9Durability: 9Recommendation: ABSOLUTELY", "They are very comfortable! I love these sandals I enjoy wearing them!! They are great sandals if you are going to travel!", "Foam is really soft, provides great support. Fits easily. Style has major swag. Well worth the money spent. Great value.", "these flip flops are very comfortable and they look really nice too. but i hope this pair lasts longer than the last pair i had which tore up after only about 3 months.", "Great comfort and fit for a sandal.  This is a much more comfortable pair than my last sandals like this from Jordan's line.", "Got these for my boyfriend he loves them. They are very comfortable and the Velcro allows him to adjust to his liking.", "Comfortable and nice looking. would purchase again in the future and my son loves them. Easy to clean as well.", "These open toe slides are extremely comfortable, high quality, durable, and attractive. My 4 stars are simply due to the most important thing on these slides - The Velcro Closure. I personally prefer Velcro and they are very easy to adjust. However, Velcro in general is best &#34;locked&#34; together when you first receive this item or when you use velcro in general. If a lot of adjustments are being made (undoing, redoing the velcro because your little brother with same feet but skinnier than you want to wear them), the velcro gets a bit hard to stick for a longer period. The inside is very comfortable.", "the slipper is very comfortable i enjoy wearing it everyone likes it  ibut need more styles amazing blah blah b", "Very well made and very comfortable.  Adjustable via velcro top.  Am extremely pleased with this high-quality and reasonably priced product from Nike.", "Well worth the money! They are a great investment would purchase again but don't think that will be necessary. They are a solid sandal you get what you pay for.", "These shoes are not what they appear to be.  I bought a pair and I liked how they felt, but the glued on strap (yes, glued, not sewn) came off within a week.  I would try a different manufacturer.", "My son is very happy with his new sandals. He used them almost every day for school and we got them on time.", "The size was to small but I was able to enlarge it and it was very comfortable and good looking.", "Love these slides! I've had 2 different pair of nike slides but none of then come close to how comfortable and attractive these comfort slides are. There a great buy for the price.", "Great styling and excellent comfort", "wonderful and comfortable. acceptable prize. if you don't worry about the money,go get this. and it is also adjustable,so just buy without worry.", "This was a gift for my son and they fit and he loved them so bravo to your excellent customer service I will be shopping here again", "Great quality, and very comfortable sandals.  I would recommend these or buy some for a friend.  3 months use and still no sign of any tears or rips. I would buy these again.", "i love the feel of them, i had them for some time now and they are still felling well under my feet", "Great sandal, fits well. Have owned this before and dog chewed it up so had to get a new pair! Love them. Adjustable Velcro is great. Got here in reasonable time even considering the snow storm that hit the easy coast. Would definitely buy again", "Great product at a great price, arrived on time, looks great, feels great, fits great, would definitely recommend it to others", "The shoes fit comfortably and are very stylish for wearing. Also they shipped fast and are just great.  Just great overall.", "Im a sucker for white shoes, so I love these. fit perfect, and look like great quality. I would recommend", "Great product very confertable  good price I would recommend these sandals to any one great to use at summer time", "I love love love this pair of sandals they're the best pair i ever had bought in a while and i am a shoe person", "The most comfortable sandals you will ever wear. I love them so much, I might never wear shoes again. A must buy.", "Very confortable. Couldnt be happier", "These were bought for my teenage son and he absolutely loves them.  They fit true to size and are a very comfortable shoe.", "VERY NICE QUALITY AND COMFORTABLE!", "This is the most comfortable fitting slipper I've ever worn! The padding in this slipper feels like a pillow top mattress for my feet! Definitely a must have!!!!", "For some reasons, the company sent me the wrong size. i ordered size 12 instead i receive size 15. i gave to a friend and he is happy about it. he said they are comfortable.", "Bought these for my son and he says they are awesome.  I have found that you can't go wrong with Nike...........especially on Amazon.", "The product is very comfortable, and there is a nice feel for when you need to go out and not want to put on shoes. Also good with socks, and the adjustment makes it so you can use them loose or tighter. Worth the money, for sure.", "Nike Mens Comfort Slides are awesome.  This is my second pair very comfortable and provide just the right amount of support for me and my back.  Have had a few injuries so slides and flip flops never seem to work however these are perfect.", "The sole is so squishy and comfy! They are also very easy and convenient to clean if you spill something on them.", "Very comfortable memory foam footbed.  Appears to be made of high quality materials.  Very cool,.striking-looking red rubber outer sole.  Very happy with these Nike slides.", "I love these slides! The cushion insole does the trick for comfort and the adjustable vamp allows a comfortable fit on my EEE wide feet. A little pricey, but worth it.", "was a gift and my son enjoys them wish they didn't cost that much but as long as he is happy then I am happy", "I looked around my home town for 2 weeks for a pair of sandals as we were going away. Two weeks before we left I decided to find them on Amazon. Once they were purchased they said I'd receive them between 7 and 14 days.I received them in 5 days, counting weekend days. I was happy with the purchase when I received them and was without a doubt happy, after a week of wearing them. If your looking for a sandal, these are like walking on air.I've been Amazonized (If thats a word)Thank you, I highly recommend the Sandal and Amazon.", "There great most comfortable sandals every it's like temperpedic fluff it's just the best u can buy for the price", "Super, super, s u p e r  soft cushion. Feels like you're walking on air (or water if you're Jesus). Great stocking stuffer, and or thanksgiving gift. Size is true to specs!", "They arrived on time and are wonderful looking sandals, but unfortunately the bottom is  plastic that will be slippery going up steps to a jaccuzzi which they were intended for. And even with the straps tightened , my husbands foot just slid forward which also wouldn't be safe. So I will need to return them --darn!", "Just wanted something loose and comfortable for around the house and casual wear.  Shipped fast, comfortable, look good and the price is right.", "These would be great slippers.  They don't feel like sandles.  I would not purchase these again.  Not a good buy.", "the title nike gave the slide is true to me...comfort.  I feel like I am walking on pillows. I wear them all the time.", "Very comfortable sandals and well worth price.  I have been looking for sandals that are very comfortable for a while, and it about time that I find a pair of comfortable sandals. Take my work shoes off and put on my Nike Comfort Sandals when I get home from work.  Nike sure do make great sandals specially the cushion as you feel you're walking on a cloud, and they sure do feel like Tempur-Pedic fluff.  Thanks Nike for making those Comfort Sandals and yes I would buy other pairs of Nike Comfort Sandals!!!", "I would recommend these to anyone they very nice and styleish they last really good I usually wear mine eveywhere", "They came in 2 dented boxes. But the shoes were fine. I love the shoes they are very comfortable. Very happy with the purchase.", "Wow, these are great and the most comfortable sandals on the planet.  Also with the Nike Logo you know you are getting the bestin footwear.  Padded and soft and with the great look for summer.", "These sandals have a memory foam feel underfoot- you couldn't ask for a more comfortable fitting sandal. They run true to size. Highly recommended.", "Great Christmas present for a person who works on their feet for hours! Easy to adjust and the gel provides excellent support.", "The only thing that I probably don't like as much would be the strap. It gets time to get used to it mainly because it takes time to your feet to adjust to the right measurement. Other than that, it a great sandal specially the cushion as you feel you're walking on a cloud. I only use them in my house.", "this is the best slide ive ever owned its very soft and comfortable not hard like most this is my second pair i purchased the black ones last year,hey guys great buy", "Very high quality, just as advertised  a great buy for anyone who is looking for comfort, would buy again as needed.", "I LOVE the colorway and are amazingly comfortable. I ordered one size up from my regular shoe size, so that the slides could fit me just perfect. They are awesome!!!!!", "These were purchased as a replacement for his slippers exactly like these...they were shipped on time, they fit perfectly, and they are comfy!", "Fit perfect and were comfortable.  He liked the color and how they fit.  He didn't have any complaints about them.", "I've been looking at sandals for a while now and I knew a friend who had these.  I found that they are comfortable now matter if you wear them to walk out to your car or if you're walking around for hours at the beach or whatever you may be doing.  Great product.  Lighter than I thought.  Socks are preferred with them as they rub against the side of your feet.", "Will buy again my husband and son love them I brought 2 for the guys they wanted more my guys are happy", "Great, clean looking shoe.  I will get a lot of wear out of them this summer and beyond.  Not too expensive.", "These sandals are exactly how they look.  And they are comfortable too.  We had to order the wider size but they fit just fine.  Love them!!", "My husband is very happy with his new sandals--they fit great and are so comfortable as well as stylish. This is his second pair.", "This slippers was an excellent choice. The first time I put my foot into it it was so comfortable I still describe it as walking on the clouds of the heavens however it is one of those slippers you would probably have to wear with sandals as your sweat will be soaking into the material that covers whatever makes this so damn comfortable...", "The shoes appear to be well made and sturdy.  I guess the real test will come when my son wears them.  First impression - great shoes.", "They look nice and are pretty comfortable although they fit smaller than I expected. I recommend ordering a size bigger.", "These sandals are amazing. I normally try to stay away from products that are \"brand specific\" or popular because of a brand name, but the moment I tried my friend's pair I knew I had to buy it. I began wearing these shoes in high school not only because they were fashionable but because they were highly comfortable. I was on the basketball team and because my lack of height would require me to exert more force when dunking I developed jumper's knee. These bad boys allowed me to bear through the pain of jumper's knee by providing excellent padding. These shoes are 5 stars because the con isn't really a con... Using the sandals to play sports is a big no no. During PE I tried dunking with these slippers on only to have my foot undo the strap and launch my self backwards Charlie Brown Style.", "I ordered these for my son as a Christmas gift. The sizing was spot on. He loves them. He wears them everywhere he is able!", "I'll start off by saying I didn't purchase these from Amazon, I bought them in store. That being said, these sandals are probably one of the most comfortable pair I've ever purchased. The only con I can state about them is that they do need cleaning pretty often. My feet tend to sweat when I'm wearing them since the memory foam on the bottom retains heat, which is why I personally need to clean them often.", "First off , i ordered a 2EE . They said it was in stock in Black . Ok fine !  I received , can you guess ? Bet you all can .  MEDIUM !! Cause they are 'Sliders ' there fit , Barely and i ordered up 1 full size also . But man i can't believe the price for what i got . No way worth that money imo !!", "These are great to slip on after taking your cleats off after a game. They are comfortable. I would not recommend them if you are doing a lot of walking.", "These shoes are awesome. Very very very comfortable and well worth the price. I looked everywhere for these shoes and couldn't find them anywhere. They were even sold out on nike.com. I was elated to see that Amazon had them and bought them immediately! Needless to say, I am extremely happy with my purchase.", "I use to purchase New Balance running shoes but their quality is the same or less than it has been and they feel that their prices should have doubled.  These shoes were worth the $20 more than what my normal running shoes cost now.  They fit comfortably and are great on the feet when combined with some impact absorbing socks.", "I like the look of these sneakers. They are comfortable and stylish. But I've noticed that my right shoe squeaks like its been wet, dried and bubble wrap inserted. They're noisy but stylish.", "These are great shoes....they look great and the price here on amazon can't be beat!", "Momma is happy because daughter is happy.  She hasbeen wanting a pair of these sneakers and she justloves them.  They look great on her too!  The dealerwe purchased from was awesome as well. Thanks for All!!", "When they arrived they looked even better than I thought. They are very comfy, feat true to size and look very stylish.", "It fits perfect. Very comfortable shoes. I recommend its use for trail running and also in any synthetic field sport.", "I haven't tried the shoe on yet. I have 2 fractured toes, but i was EXTREMELY impressed with Kicks&#34; certification of authenticity. I loved & appreciated that very much", "my feet size fits 11 to 12 inches but for some reason the 11 on these don't seem to fit me because of the heavy padding around the ankle areas. I would suggest if your feet size it 11 get something like a 12 it will fit well.", "My grandson  just love his new nike Air Force Max. The quality  of this sneaker is outstanding and should last for quite some time.", "supposedly pretty water proof. DO NOT put underwater. Mine broke right away and would have to deal with Nike to replace, costing me $10.", "Great comfort and style.  If you are active and playing sports this watch is nice.  The only downside is the buttons on the watch and the timer and alarm take a little longer to adjust and set.  Not nearly as fast as my old timex, just wasn't as quick and responsive.  But besides that still very good.", "Wish they still made this shoe.  I love Nike Air Pegasus and have been wearing them for years.  great shoe,", "My husband ruptured his Achilles tendon and injured his ankle over a year ago... He loves these shoes! They allow his foot and ankle to have more freedom and flexibility. He wears them everywhere. Best money ever spent.", "I have been wearing Nike Free Runs for about 5 years.  I am a huge fan, and buy around 2 pairs per year.  Easily the most comfortable sneaker I have ever worn.", "My son loves these.  They fit pretty true to his shoe size.  Fashionable and good quality product. And he's a teenager so hard to please.", "I am an ultra runner who runs over 500 miles a month. I run barefoot style and have been using the Nike free line for over 4 years and have tried all the models. I like them all but the run 2, which feels like a slipper, is my favorite. They are also the longest lasting shoe I have ever owned which is important to me. If you can find a shield version they last even longer. Great Shoe!", "The fit is exactly what I would expect for size 10.  I normally do not like slip on style shoes, but these are easy to get on and off and are very comfortable to walk or run in.", "Totally perfect. Wide and comfortable! I've had several pairs of nike frees simar to this and these are by far and away the best one I have found!", "Really great shoe, fits great and looks amazing. Exactly as it was described. Great price for such a quality shoe.Thanks again!", "I got these for my boyfriend because we have all sorts of fun with sneakers and socks and stuff. Almost like a fetish type thing. But no in all seriousness some days they look green some days they look yellow.  IN any case he really loves them and that makes me happy", "Also the bright orange shoe laces have to go.  Fit is great, and they are super comfortable. Like someone else mentioned there is no spot under either liner for the Nike+ sensor.  I will keep them since I own a small thing that attaches the sensor to the shoe laces.  I bought direct from Nike with no issues.  The price was right since they were on sale at Nike and included free shipping.  If I would of bought direct from Amazon I would of kept them anyways, as Amazons price is close to what they are direct from Nike.  And with Prime free shipping also.", "I'm pretty satisfied, perhaps the other commenter made a mistake because I got the exact color I ordered (dark grey). I've done my best to make sure they're authentic because of the low price and I'm convinced they are. Very comfortable, no need to break them in. Didn't come with extra laces but they did come with a 5 hour energy. I believe I ordered them last Wednesday or so and they arrived before I expected them to so that was a plus. I have nothing to complain about and that's a first. I will be back if I notice anything else.", "We don't get a lot of snow and ice in Texas, but when we do I am glad I have these!", "best shoes on the market.worth the $75,ooo!!!!!!! I cant bieleve they didnt come out with these sooner its a shame.. i cant even feel the bunions on my toes.. 10 out of 10", "Love the fit and feel.  Typical Nike sizing fit as ordered.  I bought two pairs and prefer the lighter rust over the darker brown for scratches.", "great shoe great price fit s like nike should they go great with just about any thing I wear very comfotable", "Working law enforcement job its hard to find good boots the last and are comfortable.  These are the ones for me. Been using ACGs for over 8yrs, and im only on my 2nd pair. Shopped around and these were the best price that offered free shipping as well. Plus they had my size 4.5.  I was skeptical at 1st reading the reviews but i must say I was pleased with the seller and would purchase again sometime soon just to have an extra pair. Fast free shipping and the boots were as stated.  Thanks", "i purchased these boots for my son on amazon well worth it i recommend these boots for the price.loving it", "It takes awhile to break them in.. be prepared for that. Once that is done they are very comfortable. Very happy with them", "Nike Air Max Goadome (GS) ACG Big Kids Boots 311567-001 Black 3.5 M US fits perfect, its strong and nice,", "I use these sneaks for training in the gym. They're comfortable and sturdy...they also look great. They are flashier than then picture would suggest. The grey material side and top of the sneaks is shiny and resists stains and wear. They are also weigh very little. I am not always a fan of Nike but these sneaks are a home run.", "The sunglasses are great as a product if you buy them straight from Nike, I bought my wife one a year ago and she loved it (from Nike) and my sister wanted one for her birthday so i thought i will try Amazon(baaaaaaad idea)The sunglasses arrived in a dusty original box with a slit from side to side as if someone was opening it with a blade and the glasses where scratched from both sides as if the sunglasses have been used and abused. a lot of wear and tear on them what a disgrace of a Boutique and website.Shame on you!!", "superbly comfortable and long lasting running shoe that is attractively priced , will gladly repurchase shoes and share info with others", "I am a letter carrier and my feet require shoes that offer great support and durability!  I was hesitant to spend the money but ended up buying a second pair in white for my at home use!", "I ordered these shoes last week. Got them. They are great all my friends give me compliments. The only thing is that I ordered 2 day shipping and got them in a weeek. Other than that great shoes", "Hi, i`m very pleased with my purchase because the time you take for send them to me and the facilities to buy on the page, also the variety of stuff you offer.", "I think the shoes I got from this place were fakes, I had the originals when they came out, if they were made cheaper than the others, just the feel of them, they did look cool.", "I love these shoes. Very comfy and supportive. They are a little warm, but to be expected. Would buy again.", "I bought these as a christmas gift for my husband.  They fit perfectly and he was very pleased with the color and quality.  The colors are extremely bright in person!", "ok i got these from foot locker for 145 so amazon is a ripoff on this item just go get them i got mine same color everything love them the insides are so nice i coucl sleep in them so nice... BUY THEM AT FOOTLOCKER 145$ SAME EXACT THING I GOT DERBY VER SAME COLORS AS IN PICTURE", "These shoes are amazing! They fit true to size. I am a size 13 in most Jordan's and a size 12 in Griffey 1s. These shoes fit perfectly and are so comfortable! Easily an eye popping shoe! I would easily recommend them to anyone!", "Ken Griffey Jr. was probably baseball's best player for most of the '90s and this Mariners color scheme made me remember those days. I love these sneakers as they provide great ankle support (velcro closure after you tie the laces) and look good too.", "I Love my Nike Air Griffey Max. These shoes are my school colors and I play Baseket Ball. Black and Gold is a unIque color for sneakers and I'm Lovin the comfort of these shoes. Nike shoes are very supportive and comfortable while playing basketball and practicing for long periods of time. I've only had my new shoes for a few weeks and the minute I put them on and begin playing ball the comfort was there. My feet feel great wearing these shoes. I prefer Nike shoes over Reebok or other name brand shoes. My experience with purchasing thur Amazon was simply amazing, my product comes on time and I never need to worry if I'm not home because there services are great, product is held at post office if no one is home to receive package. Thanks Amazon and Nike, maybe one day I can be a All Star Athletic.", "I bought this as a gift for my bf for our anniversary because he's been raving about it, and I can't wait to give it to him! They're gorgeous!", "It cool the shoes and l like the nike air Griffey max 1 and cool and look nice and good look", "Love my kicks wish I had purchase two pair! These are the best kicks of the year! Glad I purchase a size bigger bc they fit perfect!", "Product arrived on time/ fit perfect and looks awesome/ recieved def. interest on the shoes as well so im super happy", "I very thought I would purchase as pair of baskeball shoes over $100 but I did.  My daughter loves them.", "Perfect fit because I went up a size since I owned a pair and realized that they run a little small.", "this was a great choice to buy these shoes they fit and look every well with my clothes buy it", "Griffey's run a little small so I recommend getting a half size bigger but I love the shoes. Great support and great appearance.", "I didn't know what to expect at first but once I got the shoes,  I was super impressed. THe shoes got there quicker than I expected and I am overseas. The shoes fit great. I will buy from the seller again. I usually don't do reviews but I was definately excited when I received these shoes being that I've wanted them for so long.", "The shoes look amazing. Just oddly the left foot fits great, but the right foot was tight. Never had that issue with any other shoes, so I believe one is just off. But the one that fits feels good.", "This Nike Air Griffey are wonderful, confortable and durable. When you wear this kind of shoes very men's have something to said firstable they are beautiful in the blue and light green", "I really love the sneakers it fitted just right and was what i expected thanks again and i will be shopping for more very soon.", "Love these shoes, even better looking in person", "Just as described... I really love my new shoes.  I had been looking for these shoes for ever and I am glad I found them here!", "I love them shoes its worth tha money dnt cheat your self treat your self... everybody else like them to...", "This makes the third pair of these that I own. I wear them to work at the hospital. they are light weight, comfortable, and fashionable.", "I bought the same pair in white at the Nike store and was very pleased with the quality and fit. The pair I bought on line was obviously brand new, but the leather was not as soft or as high quality (almost like plastic rather than leather). The fit is the same, but the comfort is not as good. Still, since I could not find these in stores I'm glad I got them.", "Working as a personal trainer I like my shoes to be extremely lightweight, flexible, low profile and look good! The best I ever had was from OTOMIX, back in the days of 80's bodybuilding, these were the shoe! Since they closed down, nothing has come close...until these! awesome, I LOVE THEM! Only thing is that these shoes dont really allow the feet to breathe, making your feet very moist, sweaty, and sometimes smelly. i hate wearing socks, and these shoes feel perfect and comfortable. Socks make my feet too hot and too confined, and my feet get sweaty even with cotton socks, so they are useless to me. I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND THESE SHOES!", "Good item, shoes hold up very well! Feet get some what heated but over all they can take the walks and jogs as well as training classes. I am not a thin type of woman, i have a good amount of curves size 14 to 16 pants to say the least. They work your butt off, i love these shoes. 5 mile walks it can hold up!!!", "These are perfect for Zumba!! I am thrilled with this purchase!! I would recommend this shoe to anyone.  Great shoe.", "I have been a Zumba instructor for 3 years. I have yet to find a pair of shoes better suited for me than these.  They are comfortable, form fitting, and best of all durable, not flimsey like so many other dance (zumba) shoes I have tried.  Im on my 3rd pair of black and I highly recommend them !", "These are great shoes.  I use them for Zumba.  I have narrow feet and these have a nice fit and are very comfortable. The seller shipped them very quickly and I am very happy with them!Nike Women's Musique IV Dance Shoes", "Got these for my daughter and she loves them.  She is on her feet all day long in her job, and these give her good support.", "I literally took these out of the box and did a Zumba class with them and was very comfortable.  They are very well constructed and attractive looking.", "These shoes are perfect for Zumba. I would love them more if they were not made in China.  Darn it!", "I was going to return it before I try it. Once putting on, it looks amazing(I seldom wear sports shoes, but this one is really good-looking). The shoes are made of good material and it is really comfortable when jumping and moving. I am happy to get it.", "I work at a hospital and these are great and give me the support I need for a long day", "I love these shoes for Zumba! It took me two years jumping and twirling-or attempting to- in tennis shoes for me to finally decide to buy some suitable shoes for dance. I checked others reviews before making my decision. Besides getting great reviews; these shoes were reasonably priced.", "I bought two pairs of Nike Musique - black and grey and I LOVE THEM!! I am a Jazzercise instructor and do cardio as well as strength training.. these shoes work great for both! I have narrow feet and these are the best pair of shoes out there!!", "Great pair of Nike boots that you will not find anywhere else.  Comfortable, waterproof, warm and very stylish.  My fiance has worn them many times and always receives compliments.", "I purchased this for my mother as a gift.  She liked them so much that she went to the website and purchased the same pair for someone else.  Great service, and I'd buy from the company again without hesitation.", "I love these shoes and I've gotten a TON of compliments on them. They were purchased to wear to my cheerleading-aerobic dance class (Cheerobix) and they work really well and give me a lot of support where my other shoes were lacking. I've worn them a few times and I imagine once they are more broken in, they won't bother my ankle-bone any more (there is a bit of rubbing, but not enough to deter me from wearing them). I wear a 10 and have wide feet, and the 10 fits great. If you are thinking about buying them, I give these shoes two thumbs up! They are cute, a great price, and they do the job!", "Feels great when doing Zumba.  Hugs my feet nicely but not too tight.  I feel as though I have great stability while dancing. Love these shoes!!", "I love these!  I wore athletic/ running shoes for zumba for 2 years before buying these.  I had to use those slip-on glider things to help me do the turns more smoothly, but with these, I don't have to. They fit great, even though my feet are wide.  They are comfortable, and they provide the support I need while dancing!", "These shoes are a little tight in the width but I think with some time and wear they will stretch out to fit just fine. Otherwise they are extremely comfortable and light.", "I am ready to purchase my second pair of these Nike Musique IV's for Zumba ~ along with other cardio classes.  They are lightweight, they pivot great, they've lasted a long long time.  I'm hard on shoes and also need quality support for some old ankle injuries.  These have held up impressively through six days a week of class (and errand) wear. (for about a year!)  There is plenty of space for my toes even with my thick Thorlo socks.  Sometimes I wear an 8 or a 7.5 (Merrell's) - an \"8\" fits my foot perfectly.  I am very very happy with these!", "I like how Nike has all these sizes and they fit just right. Can't wait to use it for dance class", "thanks. the shoes are pretty and my girlfriend is to like. le gusto los zapatos a mi novia. graciAS. NO TENGO MAS COMENTARIOS AL RESPECTO", "These are very comfortable shoes for Zumba!  Just enough slide when I need it.  My feet tend to be wide but there are no problems there AND my orthotic (shoe insert) fits in nicely, since I ordered a 1/2 size larger.", "I started Zumba a year ago and the first few times I wore regular sneakers, my ankles really hurt. So I saw these online and ordered...they are wonderful! The ankle problem no longer an issue upon first wear! They are light and comfortable and slide easy, too! I would totally recommend these for Zumba!", "Purchased for my wife who is at the gym 6-Days a weeks and goes through gym shoes quickly.  She also has a wide foot.Had trouble finding this show stocked locally in her size.  This retailer not only had her size, but a good price and great customer service.", "I brought these shoes for my husband for Christmas and he really likes them. They are comfortable and look good also.", "Love, Love, Love these.  This is my second pair, the first being in black.  The have a great stylish shape, coverage and stay secure. Good price for this product.", "Have used them several times now and I am very happy with them.  The rubber nose piece is nice for those sweaty moments to help with slippage.  I would purchase again if I lost or broke these.", "I have never been one to wear sunglasses but after trying a pair of the nike's on in a local store I found them to be really comfortable.  I now have a pair in white and a pair in brown and wear them everyday, they are really comfortable and have great color for sunny days or even gray days.", "I need a bigger nose, as the nose piece barely touches the bridge of my nose....but they looks great on me ;)", "These are quite comfortable, and look great. They have thick arm bands but not too thick. I'm a huge fan of tortoise shell, so maybe I'm partial to begin with though..The case and cloth are a nice addition as well.Highly recommend these.", "Cool show they are nice and love the color's very comfortable shoes to wear. I like them alot. Total freak for them.", "I love my new shoes! I'm a commuter in Chicago, so I typically walk about a mile a day between the train station and my job. These shoes provide the perfect support for my daily walking commute and also my jogs on the days I actually get the time to get outside.The sizing is as I expected. I typically take between an 8 and 8 1/2, depending on the brand of shoe, and I know you should order a 1/2 size up to allow for swelling of the feet while exercising. I ordered an 8 1/2 and they fit perfectly.Also, almost the best part, is that I got them for $20-$40 cheaper than most other websites I looked at online! Can't beat that!I highly recommend these shoes!", "I have never purchased on line before except books and I have to say that the experience was very easy.  Except for the shipping which I could not figure out how to do cheaper it was an excellent experience.", "I'm a t-shoe freak (at 70 yrs!). My total is 27 that I actually wear.  I first saw this model on eBay and I loved the color combo but the seller had nothing close to my size.  9 is a perfect and they're like wearing slippers.  I have gotten lots of comments on them not only because of the color but also \"the look\" they have.  the outer skin is actually made of rubber so they won't show the wear.  That's a big plus with me.", "The way they filter the sunlight is simply amazing.. i just cant find another pair of glassed that do the same, you can go from direct sunlight to a shadow and not even feeling it, they work great indoors, not like most sunglasses that make imposible to see in the shadow!..", "Super comfortable, best running shoes i have purchased so far, get lots of compliments on the fading of the black and white", "These are the most comfortable running shoes that I have ever worn!  Right out of the box, I wore them immediately on the treadmill without walking around in them to &#34;break them in&#34;, and I have worn them ever since.  However, please note-I do my running inside on a treadmill, which was why I bought them to begin with.  I never intended these shoes for running outdoors, and judging by their material, I don't think that they are really meant to be used outdoors (or in inclement weather like rain or snow or even on a really cold day), but what do I know?  If possible, I would like to hear from others who have worn these outdoors and I'd like to know what they think (even if they are wearing a more recent version like Free Run 4 or 5, which I assume is made from better materials).  Also, I'm wearing these with inserts from Dr. Scholl's (&#34;Active Sport&#34;), and it is working out fine.  I JUST LOVE THESE SHOES!  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.", "I have small narrow feet, and Nike usually is a good fit. I have several pairs. I must say I fell in LOVE with these shoes the second I saw them. They are beautiful. But they are not comfortable to run in. The toe area is very stiff and there is no padding. I wouldn't even saw they are comfy to walk in. I run about 6 miles when I go out, but after about 3 I had to stop because my feet hurt. The shoes fit true to size. I got handfuls of compliments at the gym. I just wish they were more comfy.Because I ran in them I choose to keep them. I just added some inserts and adjusted the laces. I won't be running in them, but I can't part with them because they are so pretty.", "I love these shoes, they are perfect. Very comfy especially since I'm on my feet all day at work. It's wierd that they don't have a tongue but it only makes them fit better.", "my wife love it", "The color is perfect and they are very comfortable to exercise in. I would recommend these to another customer for sure.", "This shoe is great.  I have a hard time finding shoes that I feel really comfortable in, but I could go all day in these and my feet feel great.  I will never have another every day sneaker again.  Also works well for running, walking, hiking, and cross training.", "I had to send them back because size 9 was way too small for my foot. The design and colors and the lightweightness of the shoe seemed great. What I didn't like was that there was no loose tongue. It was integrated into the shoe, therefore the tightness on top of my foot couldn't be loosened.", "They fit alittle tight. I can't wear them with socks or they won't fit. But other than that they're light and great for running.", "These shoes fit me perfectly. My feet are size 6.5. It was the smartest choice getting these shoes because I love how it looks and feels. They're very comfortable, gives good support and molds with my feet. I sprain my ankle a lot but I haven't had any issues since I got these.", "I am in love with these shoes. They have a really nice arch in them, and fit my feet perfectly. These shoes shipped out the day after I ordered them and recieved them a day earlier than expected. Perfect for running, sprinting, or walking! Oh, and for other future buyers, in the pictures these shoes dont look like mesh black covering because its wool! Another awesome feature!", "This sneaker fits perfectly and has a great style.  Love the tie-dye sole.  Laces are white and I would've loved the tie-dye laces displayed on the image. They were tough to put on originally.  I needed a shoe horn to assist but now they go on without. Very comfortable with good support.", "It is a nice color but there was a defect at the heel of the sneaker, it hurts when I wear one of them.", "The shoes were a little tight and I didn't know about there being no tongue instead it's just an opening to slide your foot into. However, it is still a great shoe!", "These fit wonderfully and they are super comfortable. Great product. I can't wait to buy my next pair! Thank you!", "I like the shoes a lot, the fit is great - just like my old Nike's. The only thing I didn't pay attention to and therefore didn't expect was the one-piece-slip-on construction. I''m getting used to that though. Still a good shoe and I don't have to worry about the tongue slipping at all.", "The black is wearing off the toe and the soles. This Nike is alright. But I kind of wish I would've just gone to Nike and bought the ones I wanted.", "These were advertised as running shoes, however, I am not a runner. I wear them for walking and regular exercise at the gym. They are extremely comfortable.....I followed the suggestion and sized up a half size and the fit is perfect. Love, love, love(did I say it enough)these shoes.", "This is a gift for my mom. She said it fits perfectly and feels light and so comfortable !!! Really recommend this if you have a foot problems ! The shoe also came Early as expected ! Over all its Perfect !! Thank you WebZon!!!  love it.", "Never give five stars but did in this instance.  Fit like a glove and wear well.  I can't tell I have then on until I take them off.", "Love these shoes!!! Awesome!!! Super comfortable, work great for work, I'm on my feet walking for over 12 hours.  I do nursing work and yoga so, these shoes make my feet happy.", "The sneaker is ok. I love it, but it took almost a month to get to me. Quite a long time. Also it tights my feet, despite the fact it was size nine. Apart from the delay, everything about it is fine.", "I bought this backpack back in March and have used it for everything ever since. I used it for going swimming, going on field trips for school, going up to camp, and I used it for track. It's an amazing little backpack. You can fit pretty much anything in to it. The only problem I had was that the strings would get all messed up so it wouldnt be even and then id put it on and it would be all lopsided but I fixed it so its all good. So I would recommend this. Its very easy to use and its pink too!!", "I really loved these shoes.  I used them for work however and they got ruined in the mud LOL!  Not recommended for outdoor working.  Great workout shoes.", "Nice comfortable. Thanks. My grandson thanks u too. He's running like the wind  he's not complaining his feet hurt either", "My son used these shoes for a long time, his foot grew but the shoes are in very good condition. I highly recommend this product to protect my child's ankle of several scratches when playing.", "It's been 2 weeks and the shoes are amazing. Very light weight and a great fit on my feet. However, it's the grip that I found surprising.  Great shoes!!", "It says brown but they sent me an orange one.Maybe its just that the brown is really orange?Great watch. Watch out and buy the right size. the small was good for me but the medium was super big. I bought one of each size to try out and I had to give the medium to my sister.", "My son wears this shoes everyday as his favorite pair. Wish i have this on my size bec am thinking of getting one for myself. Awesome shoes,", "These shoes came in within 3 days from when I ordered them and are exactly what I wanted.  They look awesome on my husband!", "shoes fit perfect were shipped right away vender was easy to deal with price was great very very happy with purchase", "I received my white nikes and they were just as described. They were very comfortable and I enjoy walking in them.", "Thet fit true to size.  You dont get a much cleaner look then white on white sweet classics! Old school fresh.  Keeping them clean will be the challange.", "Since I bought this my husband has not gotten out of it. He says it's very comfortable, therefore it was a great buy", "very fast shipping, love the shoe fits good. they did start to crack around the arch and rubber but still like the shoe", "Bought these for a nephews birthday. Shoe is nice, the look is very clean and fits very comfortably. Definately recommended.", "good business, got them just in time and they are the real thing will be doing business again real soon.", "They're classics so if you like to keep them clean and white and only wear them on occasion like me, then they squeek and rub, but that goes away if they're an every day choice. Very bright white!", "My husband wanted classic Nike's and I got these. He was very pleased they fit well and they were a reasonable price.", "very light, comfortable and appears to be durable too. a friend uses this shoe to dance salsa and hang around", "It fit's my husband's feet perfectly and he is very happy with them. They are comfortable and short break-in period.", "I've been wearing these for a month and not only do I love them, but the feeling is mutual.  Mind you it was a give and take in the beginning, we had to work out our differences, but they are so smooth it's all worth it.  It's a good relationship, we get compliments all the time.Our issues centered on 2 points, neither a deal breaker.  The first is that the leather across the toe will quickly develop slight creases; they won't stay perfect like you see in the picture.  Initially I thought I might send them back, but they did not get worse and really do not take away from the look of the shoe.  I don't even notice them now.The second issue has more to do with me than with the shoe, but the footbed is quite flat.  I had hoped it might fit more like a Nike athletic shoe which always feels good to my large arches, but these did not.  No worries, I purchasedSuperfeet Black Premium Insolesand baby, we were on our way.  Initially I tried cheap Dr. Scholls but they made it worse.  Superfeet are expensive, yes, but the end result was a shoe with the look I wanted and the feel I needed.  Maybe you won't need that though, which would be great for you.  You won't regret your purchase because these kicks sweet.", "I really like these shoes. They fit well. They look great. The problem now is they make all my other clothes look s****y.", "Does anyone really care what I think about these shoes? I liked the color combo, I purchased them they fit.  End of story", "Very unconfortable shoes, I have blisters all the time wearig them.I liked the disain and the trade mark, but these are alfull. I wouldn&#8217;t recommend them to another person. Actually I regret that I  bought  them.", "Great deal for the money. As always Nike does not disappoint. These are good looking shoes that yes I do get compliments from.", "I like them, they are very comfortable shoes. I think Nike shoes are the best ones out there anyway. So when I order them I knew they would be some good shoes.", "I was wearing this shoes as part of my white uniform.. 6 months every day and they stay in one piece..I am really sad for not able to find this model in white/white color any more..They are good fit and comfortable also stylish and good grip except when is wet surface..Where can I find them again..?", "Son loves them he wears them all the time came out of box perfect fit which was great for a young teen", "It's pretty good and fit and comfortable. A bit expensive though, but worthy. Shipment is also fast. I like it very much.", "I LOVE these sunglasses!!! This is my second pair, as my first pair broke after having had them for a few years and putting them to use. The polarized lenses are great for driving or doing anything on the water.", "I love polarized lenses in my sunglasses...the only way to go!  I've been shopping around and couldn't find any good deals on sunglasses here locally, SW Florida, or in North Carolina.  These glasses were $119 off and are first class!  They fit great and look really nice.  My wife can't keep her hands off me now!  Woo Hoo!  They shipped promptly and arrived before the promised time.  A great seller and a great pair of glasses happy early summer to me.", "Too Cool!!!  I love it!!!", "Very good product. Confortable and durable. Is not as good as my other tennis for running (Mizuno), but for every-day, this nike is the very very best. :)", "i bought this for a mother's day gift and when it arrived i really liked it.  but, i felt the item was overpriced!!  it is attractive and totally suitable for the gym, but i found others at a better price.", "I was charmed with the set, I remained delighted with the fabric, the colors. My baby enjoyed it until it went on to another height", "These sunglasses look good, are durable, and the view through them is excellent and clear, especially for driving. What's not to like?", "These are great sunglasses, especially if you are looking for a style that will fit a larger head.  They are very comfortable and the price was far less than you would pay at a retail outlet.", "I gave these to my mother as a gift and she loves them.She said they are as comfortable as they are beautiful!", "My feet get really hot, and these are basically just mesh on top, so they are perfect for me.  Just right.", "I used these shoes for a bit...So far I like what I'm seeing...they feel light, have good traction, and look good as well.", "They always fit. Sizes are consistant. Great shoe; I play handball. they are very light and comfortable. I don't even know their on.", "I ordered these Air Force 1's expecting Obsidian BLACK shoes. The shoes came, and they are clearly navy blue. I like them, but this is not what I ordered. Best to buy these in-store so you can see exactly what you are purchasing.", "I love these shoes, they look better than the majority of the AF1's that I have had before. I recommend.", "I was happy to find these on-line to replace a worn out pair that have been perfect in both fit and stability. I have plantar fasciitis, so I have to be picky about running shoes. Also, I like the basic white / gray color scheme. Not a fan of the ugly neon colors in the newer lines from Nike.", "I needed a new pair of glasses since my other favorites broke.  i really like the color i got, the champagne gold frame. it actually matches my hair!! i wear these all over the place.  i am not athletic at all, but i really liked the shape and the quality, plus they were a great price.  my husband has a pair of nike sunglasses (paid full price) and i really liked the way they were made.  so i gave them a try and glad i did.  i wear these for a more casual look, i do have dressier sunglasses for other times. these, i definately wear the most.  another great buy from amazon. thanks", "My daughter is on her school swim team and a most of her swim meets start late after noon and into the night and it's outdoors...the other teams were wearing these parkas so I ordered one for her and and she really likes it...it keeps her warm in-between the heats...if you need something to keep warm in between heats this is the one for you", "The quality of the parka and it is warm!  I'm a new swimmer and didn't have the proper  clothing for early morning swimming!  Now I do!", "Best answer to getting out of the pool in the early morning; instant warmth is achieved within seconds.  Wind, rain, fog no problem early morning lappers are jealous.", "Great construction, warm, comfortable.  I find the cuffs a little hard to get my hands thru without holding the inner fleece sleeve at the shoulder, but once its on, its real warm, and comfortable.  I use this for changing out of wet clothing after kayaking in the winter.  No more struggling with a towel, or driving home in wet clothes.  Now I can get dry and warm as soon as I get of the water, and am so much more comfortable afterwards.  A great product, I would recommend to a friend if asked.", "The shoes were delivered in a timely manner. Shoes were exactly how they were pictured and were pleased. Will shop with this company again.", "My son likes the feel and look of the cleat and I liked the price", "Way too big for a running shoe. It's more of a basketball type of shoe.", "This shoe is very light and good for running but it is very tough. It has lasted me almost a year but i do not wear them anymore. After u wear them for a while they get really bouncy and comfortable. They r the best shoes for running that i have had and they r good for just walking. The shoe can get scuffed up and the foam on the side gets destroyed really easily but that does not matter if u use them to run. These r really good for running if u r in to sports and they r good for walking also.", "love the style and colors of this shoe they really flow well together. very comfortable good arch support and comes with orange laces", "MUY BIEN SON ORIGINALES IGUAL COMO SE MUESTRA EN LAS FOTOS LLEGARON EN EL TIEMPO ESTABLECIDO RECOMIENDO LA TIENDA  COOL", "Very comfy shoes. The only problem I have is the shoe laces do not stay tied!!  lol otherwise great!", "I bought these shoes three years ago and have worn them everywhere!  Traveling, they are light-weight, quick to dry and most importantly, they are SOOOOOOO comfortable.  Never a blister.  NEVER!!  The little elastic band that crosses near the toes is just as stretchy and taut as it was when I bought these shoes.  Alas, now that I want to buy another pair, I cannot find these shoes anywhere.  Which reinforces my belief that once you find a great pair of shoes, better go out and buy two more pairs, just in case the manufacturer stops making them.  Come on, Nike!  Let's see more of these perfect, wear-everywhere shoes!!!", "I bought these sneaks for my 22 y.o. son because of the value v. look of the shoe.  When they arrived, I was so happy w/how nice these sneaks were, but most importantly, my son really liked them and wears them often.", "like the look and style of shoe. Like the school boy style of this shoe. they look great on my grandson feet", "These shoes was as expected. I love air force ones because they are easy to clean and looks really good on my 5 year old son.", "I purchased shoes as a gift to my son and it was a perfect fit! Excellent and well known pair of Nike shoes!", "My Son Love His Shoes. I Will Be Buying Another Pair They Are Truly Prefect And Are True To The Size.", "Gave these as a Christmas gift to my fiance'.  He loved them.  He loves Jordans and couldn't wait to have the Air Force/Jordan combo.  Thanks Amazon!  And they shipped super fast.", "I love Nike but this has to be one of the most uncomfortable pair I own.  They look nice, but hard on the feet.", "This shoe is great! My feet does not hurt in them even after wearing them all day. I am so glad that I have finally found a shoe I can wear with my foot problems.", "Colors appear slightly different (paler in person), but still very happy 8 year old.  They certainly ran true to size in my opinion.", "This item was purchased and received quickly and with no problems. I strongly recomend anyone looking to get a comfortable pair of sunglasses to order through Amazon.com, because they know their stuff to get the job done right.", "Perfect", "This shoe was perfect in size and I love the bib that comes with it. I bought it a little big for my son so I know it will fit him good. Everything was intact.", "Got these for my mom, who has an irregual gait. She likes them and she's very peculiar about her shoes. She had an older pair and needed to get another one because she liked them so much. They're hard to find in her size (for a good price).", "Love this sneaker, cannot find it anywhere and very glad I bought it.  I wouldl like to purchase this one again.  Great!!!!!!", "My grandson was so happy, the sneakers arrived exactly on his birthday.  He liked them and will be wearing them for his preschool graduation.", "The Nike Air Pegasus +25 shoe is the best running shoe I have ever owned.  It has fantastic cushioning, pleny of room for my toes and they are super light..every run I have taken since I bought these about 4 weeks ago has felt great.  I would definitely recommend this shoe.", "I am hard on sun glasses so I am a big fan of the flexon. These glasses are not made from it. The side stems are made of cheap metal just like all the others. The main frame that holds the lenses are flexon and virtually indestructable, but the side stems are NOT and lasted me about a week. Boo. I know I could probably return them but then they could have been more honest about the materials. Karma will have its way.", "...and he's picky. He won't wear uncomfortable shoes, and he says these are nice and supportive. He loves the retro style. I love that they last forever.", "I love how they look on my husband. He loves how they feel and he says he doesnt get very tierd with those shoes", "The shoes were recived on time and in advertized condition. Excelent product. NIKE Cortez Basic Nylon '06 Blue Sneakers Shoes Mens only available for order in my area. This is a popular shoe but the price is fair.", "IT WAS EXACTLY WHAT  I WAS LOOKING FOR. THEY FIT PERFECT VERY COMFORTABLE INSIDE PACKAGING WAS AS YOU BOUGHT FROM THE STORE", "These are my fifth par of Cortez. I have multiple colors and love them all.", "wow!!!! i will say just wow! it looks just like on pictures and my bf liked it very much. it is very comfortable", "Air Cortez is the ORIGINAL Nike shoe created those many decades ago.  And to this day, it still shines as a set of kicks that scream style. These shoes are truly legends and I love that Nike is continuing their retro collections. This blue version fits great and looks great!", "My boyfriend had an old grey pair, and wanted new Cortez for his birthday.Just going by the picture, the shoe looks ok and not my style. BUT, on him, OOOOOooo they look good. Nice looking shoes. He loves them. Thank you!", "The shoes looked great, but I apparently don't know my own shoe size. I returned the shoes and re-bought them in a larger size", "I loved these shoes way back in my high school days and I am so happy to have a pair again! They look great with my jeans!I would have given them a five star but they seem a little bit stiff.  I am hoping they will relax with some wear.", "I looked in every store in the mall and NO ONE had these old school shoes. They are great people!!", "Bough these for my husband and got his normal size but they run small.  Had to return them and get a size bigger.  They look great though great throwback shoe.", "I love these shoes! I have a pair in grey/silver as well and they just fit my feet perfectly. I even got a set of white laces with them should I decide to switch from the blue ones. Fast delivery,too! Great seller! Thanks!", "I really feel comfortable with it , i took a white one its really cool with a good priceThank you.", "I am a musician so I stand for long periods. I find that these are very comfortable and easy on my heels.... Great buy!", "Have loved the Cortez since inception. Very comfortable and still a great looking shoe Even my 11 yr old wants a pair.", "These are a birthday present for my brother. He has been wanting a pair of these shoes since they came out in '06 (or the year they came out).When I asked what he wants for his birthday he said these... so I ordered a pair and thankfully was able to get a good price competitive to our local shoe shop here.Upon arrival these come in a larger box, inside is a brown Nike box with these inside. Brand new, exactly like the picture shows.True to size as well.", "these shoes are great they came right on thime and earlier then expect, they fit great when i walk around they feel very compterable, and great for going out to a party or just when you have a day off work, walk around the street or something i recommend these shoes get them", "He is so proud of his new shoes.  He keeps asking, &#34;Do you like my new shoes?&#34; They were comfortable right away. They look sharp!", "I love the shoes.I work 12 hour shifts these are perfect to handle the work load of working in an emergency room.", "Fit great.  I like the all leather shoe for walking in the grass.  Doesn't get water on my socks. Great product.", "These are the coolest, best fitting, stylish, retro shoes around.  I have been stopped two or three times by strangers complimenting me on these shoes.", "These shoes are awesome because of the fact that they are comfortable and look good for being &#34;old school&#34;. yeah", "Love these shoes, they are a good buy, and they are true to size.  However, my squarely conservative husband is not really comfortable with the style; pointed nose and somewhat &#34;feminine&#34; in his opinion.  Sigh...", "This is my husband's favorite shoe and we were glad to find it here at a very competitive price.  It arrived fast and was exactly as advertised.  Nice shoes - perfect fit.", "The nikes were what I expected I loved the feel and the color is just what I expected. Very light weight.", "My son already new his size in nike runners and we purchase these online.  They were delivered to our front door within 2 weeks of the initial purchase and we were extremely happy with the product and the service provided by Amazon.  We have purchased a couple of things from overseas and this is one of the best websites we have purchased goods from, we would highly recommend using this website.  Excellent service.", "The shoes are real nice, Once I got them and opened up the box, I was surprised at how better they looked in person. Very nice shoes.", "Just as described. Nice pair of sneakers, fit well and look good with any casual outfit. They are as white or whiter than I expected and clean up good.", "Always buy Nike brand, this was a great price and came on time. Nike is always a good brand, can't beat it.", "love these reminds me of 1970's  nice sneakers and comfortable they are my going out tonight sneakers to party.  ha", "they are real, authentic Nike brand and my husband was more than happy to receive them and better yet- they arrived EXACTLY when I needed them! definitely a repeat buy will be made in the future! much appreciation to this company for their excellent customer service.", "i purchased these for my boyfriends bday i could not find his shoe size (14) at local stores. i was so happy to find them here! great material and very nice shipping was fast! my boyfriend loved them and he has had them for almost a year and in great condition very durable!", "=)", "I order this tennis shoes for my husband as a present. It fit him really good. I am so happy that came on time.", "Retro look and speedy ship, what could be better than going to the store, I recommend this item for those that grew up in the 80's like myself.  This was before Air Jordan and days where sneakers hardly ever costed more than $50.  That has all since changed as we all know", "These are great sneakers. I use to work in. They match my uniform. They also frel great on my feet. I remember when these sneakers came out years ago, there were not as many colors. Thanks for the throw backs......", "I bought these shoes for my boyfriend and he absolutely love them. The price is great, they look really nice and he finds them very comfortable..", "Awesome product! I love the classic design, quality and everything else.  I highly recommend this Nike Cortez Basic Leather shoes.", "I haven't seen this style of Nike in any stores for many years so I was surprised to find them again.  They arrived within a week and were exactly what I had ordered.  Very impressed!", "I ordered these shoes and they never came , i called shoebacca and they sent me a new pair immediately . I didnt even have to hear from UPS. These guys are very friendly and very customer service oriented. Every shoe i order from Amazon is going to be from shoebacca.", "Im a big fan of nike and this nike cortez are excellent i really like using them.  Ff ggg aaa aaa", "The shoes seem at tad more snug than the black pair I have, but they'll most likely loosen up after wearing a few times. They look great.", "Great Nike design. My husband has a nice stock of these sneakers. Some things just never go out of style! Of course he never throws them out!", "They are just as wonderful now as they were in the 80's. They fit great, are light weight and so very comfortable. Hope to buy more in the future.", "They fit great, I didn't think they because I needed a 10.5 but they weren't available so I got the 11 and it turns out that they fit perfectly.", "this gift is for my hubby i havent given it to him yet but im sure he will love them... i bought him a black pair a few months back and he absolutley loves these shoes he says they are the most comfortable pair of walking shoes hes ever owned!!", "These nike's are totally old school their priced right and fit great. What more to say if you want a classic Nike sneaker", "I got these for my husband as he will wear no other brand or type. Excellent price compared to local stores.", "My 14 year old son loves these shoes.  They fit him perfectly and he says they are extremely comfortable.  Highly recommend them.", "I really like these shoes. They are a good quality and are really comfortable. Looking forward to getting other colors.", "they were a gift for my grandson who loves them!  The service was quick and and the product was exactly as advertised.", "Delivered as it said it was, definitely nothing with my pair, definitely ordering more. Worth every dollar on this purchase.", "I bought these for my husbands birth day and my vato loves them. They came 3 days earlier then expected. It was awsome he is in love with them so worth the buy will be back again for more. Thank u ! Their beautiful", "Bought these for my grandson, 15, for school.  He says he loves them.  They fit well and are very comfortable.", "The shoes can in on time as it stated online. They were brand new and was really happy with the price we paid.", "I got these for my grandson who just loved them and he said that they are very comfortable to walk in. Thanks for a great product.", "I was looking for a pair of these for a while. I really liked them when I received them, they were good quality sneakers, and I received them in the time expected. I would do busuness with this seller again!!", "Wearing this brand 30 plus years there is a reason they call these shoes &#34;classic&#34; They just plain look good", "I got these shoes for my husband for fathers day.  I looked all over at the retail stores and they did not have the specific size I was looking for.  Glad to have found them on Amazon!", "these shoes are so confortable and the price is so good, this product is excelent.thank you.", "Great styling, quality leather, and quality stitching. These sneakers are made to last.  What else can I say except... NIKE Cortez '06 are GREAT!", "great classics. they're great. nice and clean looking as expected i even bought some for a friend who lives away.", "I Love these shoes! I had been wanting to buy a pair for the longest time. I've always seen them in stores and of course knew they old school! They look good in jeans, sweats and on my feet! Couldn't believe they had my size 14's so I bought two pairs! Red and Blue!", "very comfortable, with a good fit. Very pleased, would highly recommend. Outstanding product.In the process of making another order.", "Loved it with all my heart. Great fit, great look, great quality. You will love it too. Get one as soon as possible.", "These are some durable, good looking and very comfy sneakers. Highly recommend to anyone who likes them.Nike knows exactly how your feet to be treated.", "I bought them for my brother as a birthday present. He seems to love them!  Very comfortable and the quality is fine as well. So, he recommends ;)", "i love it ,i received many compliments from friends and family and it is very comfortable and worth every dollar i paid for it.", "Llego a tiempo, aunque me hubiera gustado que llegara mas rapidoEn excelente estado y originalesLa talla correctatodo bien :)", "Shoes are as nice as the ones I wore years ago when gas was a dollar. Great throwbacks to have on deck!", "I ordered a shoe size bigger and they fit perfect. So I would recommend buying a full size larger then your normal shoe size. I like the these shoes because my father had them 15+ years ago, and I thought they were an interesting style. I wore them on for the first time and I couldn't stop staring at my feet. I would recommend these shoes to anyone even my grandfather.", "bought for my son. CASUAL SHOES 10.5 Men US. Excellent sneakers. Comfortable, beautiful. Son liked sneakers. He is very happy. Bought 2 pairs.", "I have 4 pairs of free run 2's. I wear them when I train and they fit great. They fit like a slipper, very snug but in a good way. I would recommend these to anyone that needs a reliable, comfortable, durable shoe for exercise or work.", "My favorite shoes!", "this pair of tennis feel like costume made, great fit, lightweight and very good price , would buy again for shure", "this is my 3rd pair of Nike Free Run 2 and just like the others they're awesome.  These are different than the others because of the suede type look.  Probably rock these with jeans", "Fit great, very comfortable. I'm a beginner runner and use them as my running shoes and I am very happy with them. Would recommend them.", "These are great shoes.  True to size and excellent running/casual sneakers that are great for walking, running, and working out.", "The colors are more 'girly' than I thought was portrayed in the picture, it ran a little larger than I expected also. but nothing a double layer of socks can't fix. Otherwise, a great running shoe!", "Haven't had shin splint since using this Free Run +2. I used to get shin splints repeatedly before. Fit right and feel right when running. Only 4 stars because insoles are really poor made. Had to purchase a separate &#34;athlete&#34; insoles. If insoles are made better, this would have been 5 stars!", "The shoes look great and fit my son's size 12.5 feet well.  He is really happy with them and says they are comfortable.  These are his everyday shoes.", "This style of shoe, tongue sewn in, is hard to find in stores. We bought the first pair in Germany so excited to purchase in the states online. Good fit. Good price.", "I bought these for my 17 year old son,  who has wide feet with a high arch.  He said they are very comfortable and is thrilled with them.", "These shoes fit great and they are so comfortable. I got a lot of compliments from people. I will probably purchase another pair of these shoes.", "They feel like I'm wearing no shoes at all!! I've always had my eye out for a pairif these, I just was never a fan of a lot of the color schemes, call me &#34;old fashioned&#34; but I like a simplistic color scheme and this was perfect! Nike always makes a quality piece of footwear.", "These were a Christmas present for the hubby.  He loved them!  I think Nike makes great products and these sunglasses live up to the brand.", "Was very nice And very confortable i recomend this product are so soft And i always use it And  i Will buy again", "Love them! So glad I bought these shoes. They are definitely worth the money and I couldn't find this size and color in stores. Super comfortable even with my high arched feet", "Shoes fit very well and are really comfortable.  Im on my feet most of the night and needed a shoe that wouldn't make my feet ache and these do the job. Love them.", "These are awesome shoes for the price. I normally don't like Nike golf products but these have been very nice shoes for the price.", "Everything about this purchase is great!  Best price around the net, $50 savings comparing to other sellers.  Timely and free delivery, perfect fit.  What else can a buyer desire?", "I love the look and fit of these shoes. They are so comfortable that once I put them on I never want to take them off. I highly recommend these for anyone who is doing any kind of training. They are very light and have great traction for all surfaces. 100% what I expected", "Do you like comfort with a dash of pizazz? Do you often find yourself wishing you had better luck with the ladies? If given the choice between swagger or class would you laugh and fuse the two together like some fly ass dragonball z characters? If you answered yes to one, none, or all of these questions then this is the product for you. Not only are they bitchin cool and super comfortable, but they can also be used to smack a fly honey on her rump while she's twerking. You'd have to be from squaresville to pass up these mothers!", "Product as described and these were for my father in law since our dog chewed his other slides.  Father in law very pleased with these.", "I had some postal issues on my end, but they communicted with me an im so pleased with my product", "This product was GREAT!!! not a five cuz i was kind of expecting a softer cushion for my feet. O well, for this price it is worth it.", "Item was in great condition. New. Still had tag. Fit well. Looks just like the picture. Good for the price.", "Great flip flop, water proof. A little small but it fits fine. Works great as a shower shoe. I really like it", "Product goes well with the cool colors of spring and summer!  Nice Quality and would most certainly recommend this product.. May even order another pair (Different color of coarse)", "Great fit, feels comfortable, might buy another pair for casual wear. Good buy! said 7 more words required so I'm just typing now", "I always purchase these slip on for my husband and son. They like it, I love it! Perfect for house slippers.", "these are the best slippers, anybody that likes comfort and light weight should definitely purchase these.  They start off kind of tight but after a couple of uses they are meant for your feet.", "My son loved these.  He likes &#34;stand-up&#34; slides that easily slip onto the feet.  Price was good, and he says they are comfortable.  I always see him wearing them in his spare time.", "My feet swell up and these worked out perfect to be around the house and summer to come. Loved the color also", "I bought these sandals for my husband for Father's Day and he hasn't opened yet.  I assume this product will be nice because I have the same shoes in my size!  I have always purchased items from Nike - tennis shoes, clothes, etc. and have always been impressed so I imagine my husband will enjoy these comfortable Nike sandals as I have.", "Lightweight athletic slide is comfortable and true to size.  Black on black is a nice neutral and good alternative to regular flip flops.", "feeling not bad, it worth the price, it's a pretty nice sandals. The picture does not look like the actual product.", "The landless was good and laptop and all the products were good all the things meet my expectations thank you", "Comfortable, but not extremely durable. They got really smelly and I put them in the wash and now the leather is wrinkled", "i real like Nike Benassi JDI - black/white there the best sandals there the best for the Price is good", "Because the top part is not adjustable I recommend get one size bigger to fit more comfortably otherwise you need to push your feet all the time", "bought these for my 15 year old son...he wears them and so does my husband. It was a good buy they are comfortable..good quality.", "I bought these in need of a new pair of lounging sandals and they are nice just one concern. I wear a size 12 men's and I ordered a size 13 just to be safe....lets just say the 13 is barely fitting perfectly. If i would have gotten my original size 12 I would be sending these back. I should have gotten a size 14 for optimum comfort but I'm pretty satisfied. Order big!", "My son wanted these for Christmas and I believe he likes them? He hasn't said so I don't really know?", "I bought these for my son and he likes the way they look. He feels they are a little tighter than he'd like, but he wears them with socks.  I think they will stretch out with use and then maybe they will fit better. Otherwise, they seem well made and look good.", "This was a gift, but as far as I know the receiver loved them. They were packaged nicely and arrived promptly", "Good product! Great Christmas gift. Great value for the price. Everything was as expected. Product looks nice and fits great!", "looking fresh in my nike's.fits great looks dope and stylish.classic nike cool sandlesmakes me look dope while lounging !! YUP.", "They fit my boyfriend perfectly and look great. The price is awesome and well worth it! Love how they look.", "got these for my son's birthday gift, wasn't his size but it's great. he was very happy with the shoes since it was a surprise. would buy more if price wasn't high", "the shoe fit nice and it is great to lounge in. My nephew loved his birthday present. will continure to buy.", "Quality of the slipper was fine except for the fit.  I normally wear a size 11.5 but ordered a size 12.  Fit was very snug and narrow.", "Bought these for my teen son.  He loves them.  Great for summer time.  Easy on and off.  I bought one size up, so he he has room to grow, but walks in them fine.", "I bought these slides for my son as really like a house shoe, something to keep on his feet around the house.  But he also wears these as a relaxed shoe after his boxing classes as well as after football practice.  There comfortable yet stylish.  He can wear them around the house and then he can also wear them with basketball shorts and look kind of cool.", "I bought for my busband for x-mas.  He really likes them and the fit well.  Just what I wanted perfect fit.", "True to size perfect for the beach or water park I use them at the gym everyday after a shower easy to clean comfortable slip on", "I love slides. These were perfect and I wear them any time I can. Glad to not have to go in a store to find them.", "They rip super easy", "I liked them because they are snug with socks and have excellent cushioning. Hubbies shoe but we keep at the door so I wear them to mailbox. I really like. Comfortable", "Personally, I love how these sandals have the Nike wording on top of them. Unlike many Nike sandals I see around, this one doesn't just have the swoosh.", "For some reason they fit me small. So I gave them to my little brother which is a size 11 and they fit him perfect. Bought another pair, size 14 which is perfectly fine", "The picture does not look like the actual product. But the slides are ok. I wish I had seen them in the store first.", "Fit great and would purchase again.  They are very versatile and are made well.  Don't hurt your feet and can wear straight from the box.", "The shoes look nice but as previously posted the band across the shoe is pretty snug i am hoping it is just because their new and will loosen in time", "A gift for my son and they fit him perfect,  oove shopping online.  Thinking of getting another pair for my hubby.", "True to size so I would get a size bigger next time but I love them", "My son usually wears a 6 but these size 7 fit perfect. Super comfy and easy to wear. My son has been wearing them since they arrived.", "Very confortable slippers for my boy? he's like it. Highly recommended. But not too much choices on the Amazon. Would recommend to offer more slippers like that.", "They look good but my kid do not like them they are too loose on the side so when he walk he sandals go on the side of his feet.", "They actually fit perfect and I like them a lot. These shoes were well worth it! Thanks", "They fit well I have a lot of shock absorption and there very comfortable they do their job very well", "My client say is perfect, very comfortable, perfect to practice sport, go to the gym, to rum or go for a walk, excellent fit", "Great Trainers! You really feel the air in the sole! Very comfortable for training and running, for the price it's the best deal you can get on Amazon!", "Bought these for my husband since he's on his feet all day. He says they are comfortable & fit perfectly. He also has a pair in gray for running, & says they are amazing .", "I have worn Nike for 30+ years.The Nike Air Max TR 365 is the poorest quality of any I've worn.I always wear size 11 and these fit much larger than an 11.The pair I received came in a tattered box and had obviously ben worn.The best feature of the shoe is the, easy to fasten, lacing system.", "Sneakets were slightly small for the person pirchased for. He likes them a lot but says they are not the best quality Nikes he has received. I asked & he said he would give them an &#34;8 or 9 out of 10&#34;& &#34;4 out of 5&#34;...", "Like them so much, I'm ordering another pair to wear outside the gym.  Am completely satisfied with the fit, cushioning, and stability, and am wearing them during my ACL surgery rehab.", "Scuff up easily don't recommend.  I thought this design would be easier to keep clean this was not the intended.", "These sneakers fit comfortably, my son likes it and it great for his physical education class.  I got them specifically for school so he has only worn them once.  I can tell that he is very comfortable wearing them.", "These Jordans are comfortable and very creative looking pair... I like Jordans. But these Jordans came to me with a scuff fixed it and they were brand new! Love it!", "I ordered my sneakers and when I received them I was very pleased. Seller shipped quickly, I have ordered before from the west coast and living in Florida it usually takes a week or more but not this time. Sneakers were the Air Jordan 2009. Very beautiful shoe, brand new as described but most importantly they were 100% authentic!", "Got this green one for my friend's birthday. She loves the cuff which is easy to put on and take off. She also likes the rubber grips at the ends which help keep the watch in one place. The most important feature is the lime green color and the contrast of the face. Glad she loves it!", "Shoes were very comfortable from the git-go.  Very comfortable - no hard spots, no rubbing.  Soft, yet firm support.  Still comfortable after 90 holes in 3 days.  Great price and fast delivery.", "I had purchase this item for my boyfriend because the price was great  but then we broke up before i can give them to him. The sneakers came quickly and were much better looking then seen online. When ask to get a refund because i would'nt be given them as a gift anymore the company give me a refund right away .", "my son really loved these sneakers.  As he says they look good, feel good and roll with style.  Can't go wrong with these sneakers.", "This product was exactly as it was described. I have enjoyed using these shoes. It was a good buy for me, who doesnt play much.", "These are really Great Shoes and the second pair of Nike Air Jordans that I have bought for my husbhand! I love them because my husband loves them. Hey, if anyone was going to name a shoe after the Great Micheal Jordan, they would have to make them just like these shoes....great looking, great comfort with bragging rights! They also got here in time for Christmas!!", "These running shoes are the most comfortable pair I have ever had!  I'm in them all day and I can't complain!Oh, and I love the color!  I get so many compliments.  You will not be disappointed with these if you should purchase them.  Thank you Nike for making comfortable sneakers for this Mom!", "I love these shoes. They are light weight and durable. This is the second pair I have had in this series.", "great shoes!  I was afraid the color was too bright, and it's not at all.  they are very cool & fit well.  I recommend them.", "I got these shoes as an every day work shoe after it was recommended by my pediotrist.  I needed to have extra arch support after tearing my long plantar ligament.  These give great support and are really comfortable.  They even look good as well.", "I had the vomero - 5's and ordered these ; I loved them so much this is actually my SECOND pair!", "These do run small, but I was aware of that, so I ordered a 1/2 size up. I love them. They are excellent quality and seem to stay pretty clean (or at least look clean) compared to other tennis shoes I've had. I wear them at least 4 days a week and they've been holding up perfectly. I love that the sole is pretty thick and gives me a little height lift. They also have GREAT arch support! Super comfortable for wearing for 10+ hour days!", "What a great pair of sneakers!  The color was bright, vibrant, and exactly the shade of pink I was hoping for.  They fit comfortably too!  Glad I chose them.", "Wear these should to work every day! I'm on my feet all day long and they are very comfortable! :)", "Really like fits good, size just right. soles are thick enough to rum or walk in. Good brand of shoes", "I bought this because it was the most comfortable shoe for work related plantar fascia. I cannot find another shoe as comfortable.", "I got this as a christmas present to my wife.  She says it is her favorite running shoes EVER!!.  I say Cha Ching.  I have a blue pair of these running shoes.  Basically, they are light but with lots of support.  I run about 4-6 miles 4 times a week and  have no complaints about the Vomero+ 8 shoes.  They fit great, don't irritate and are light.", "Great watch with exceptional quality! Highly recommend to the daily runner! Excuse me for a few, I have 5 miles to do!", "i love it, is perfect the shoes are very soft and are good to do exercise in the mountain or the gym or anywhere. Good Price!", "Love my volmero's!  Fits as expected.  Cushioning footbed, good arch support.  Great for running and weight lifting.  Need new pair every 6-12 months.", "I would recommend this shoe to anyone who has to stand on their feet a lot during the day.I love these shoes", "I LOVE the Nike Vomero, but this shoe seems to run about 1/2 size smaller. Really bummed out b/c I had to return it. I miss the &#34;6&#34; series.", "absolute great comfortable shoe good support feels really good on your feet colors a bit hard to match but overall best fitting most comfortable shoe iv ever purchased", "My weekly mileage is 40-60 miles a week. No injury or pain with Nike Vomero! Love this shoes & no other shoes will keep my feet injury free.", "I love this shoe as I have been purchasing them since the Vomero 5's. I will continue to buy them if they keep making them. Love the support in the arch and use as a daily shoe and a pair for running.", "I've warn this shoe couple years now and was thrilled I could still get a new pair before Nike changes them again and I need refitted.", "I have purchase Nike's Zoom line several times before and this shoe fits great and looks good.  The quality is the same as a store and is holding up as expected.", "These are all leather (except for the tongue). I bought mine in October, and they still look almost new in May.These are the first pair of Nike I've ever owned. I usually wear New Balance or Reebok, but I'm definitely a convert. The stitching is very well done, and the outside soles are in good shape and sturdy.The inside is comfortable with solid support and structure. The arches are still strong, and the insole is still in good shape. They are very comfortable and soft. They haven't stretched out.I wear these practically every day.", "excellent shoe design is great, recommend it, very light, ideal for training, I recommend it for all those people who want to throw the use of the diary is very good shoe, I use it almost every time.", "superdope, super comfortable, great all around style, tells others you just like the finest, and, what else can/ scratch that.. could be said about the worlds best chillin' shoe!!", "Everything was great.  They fit as expected and am very pleased. Using Amazon for anything is always a good thing", "This is a great shoe fits very nicely, is very light, and most important very comfortable. Will definitely buy another pair in the future maybe a different color.", "Ok, I should have known. You do not put air pockets in the dryer.  They expand, go pop, and then your shoe is useless. And that's what happened.I was surprised the colour was as loud/neon as it was.  Still acceptable though, but it didn't look as loud in the original ad.  As a shoe it was fine. Air is cheap a good marketing ploy, but not better. Although it is light.", "Bought these for my husband for Christmas and he loves them. He's a shoe addict and has almost a hundred pair of sneakers and he said that these are very comfortable and stylish. He did mention though that they were a tad big tight (near the instep area) but loosened up as he wore them and now they fit perfectly.", "Shoes are Christmas present. Looks like on the picture, everuthing is perfect. Only thing - box was really destroyed, doesnt look like new, but shoes are ok. Thank you.", "Super bright neon green/yellow, love them so much, amazing. The best nike air max by far, I recommend this shoes to anyone men and women.", "I purchased the Air Max to use in place of cleated golf shoes as the grip of the golf shoes was aggravating a knee injury per recommendation of physical therapist.  This was an excellent idea.  Just the right amount of grip for a good game of golf and no knee pain after.  In addition, they are super comfortable.  I'll never wear traditional golf shoes again.", "Fast shipping, looks Awsome, fits great. Perfect transaction.", "Love them! Beautiful, comfortable, and now I want to buy a new pair in black! Worth the money for sure!", "love these air max tennis shoes! always the best way to go when choosing a shoe with a lot of style", "Very nice shoes they fit as expected and are really light working great for running purposes and the colors are great!", "I caught these shoes when they were on sale for 99.00. I don't know how it happened, but as soon as I saw them, I had to get them. They fit great, They look super clean, and there has not been a day I wore them that somebody has not complimented me on them. The downside is that they get dirty really quickly, so I bought some protective spray to keep the dirt and scuff marks off. I recommend these shoes to anybody who wants a super comfortable and super clean pair of shoes for everyday wear.", "Looking around on amazon.com I found a product that I think is overrated. The Nike air max 2013, these shoes are the running shoes you see everybody wearing. Ads call them the new hot swagger if super stars got them why don't you. So many people fall for these Ads, but me ii think this product has a problem with it time span, all the different color, there's so many more problem with the shoe. The product has some good qualities but the shoe its self is just ugly for the price there sold for in all stores. These shoes are over priced at $200 a pair. This is my negative review about this product \"THE PRICE\".The prices for the Nike air max 2013 I think are overpriced. Why they cost so much is because of the product description, the Nike air max 2013 running shoes are the most flexible of its kind. People say when they go running the shoe is so flexible it fills as if there were no shoes on their feet. The shoe is so lightweight its 1.5 weight makes it fill as if you could run forever. I also think the prices for the Nike air max cost so much money is because of how comfortable the shoe is to the users.The shoe immediately out of the box looked cheap and seemed poorly made. The style of the shoe looks like it's not made to least still it's one of the best of its kind. People all over the world buys the Nike air max 2013 for running and running only it's understandable why, the shoe is great for running but the shoe is way too ugly to cost over $200. I think people would buy this shoe just cause of the ethos super stars put on about the shoe, cause to me the shoe is not all that great but like I said the shoe do have good quality use for athletes of all kind.", "I've been wearing Air Max for years and finally had the opportunity to share the comfort with my sweetheart. He is not someone who wears sneakers AT ALL. I've converted him officially with these! :)", "I own so many pairs of the Nike Airmax. I love them they are comfortable, great colors, I get compliments all the time. I have had several surgeries on my foot & these shoe are light weight, flexible & are great on my feet & have no problems with my foot that has had surgery. The only people who find negative remarks are those who are too cheap to pay the price or they can't afford them! You only have 1 pair of feet for life treat them well, or you will have problems when you are older . The only problem I have had is trying to locate my size in the color I want. They are sold out before you can buy them. As long as there's Nike Airmax I will continue to purchase them !", "These shoes are comfortable and they look GREAT. I have three other pairs in different colors. Definately worth the price.", "Like the fact this sneaker is light as a feather. Great style, very comfortable & Nike+ compatible. A must have for 2013", "I've been wearing Nikes for years, and these are the most comfortable I've ever worn.  They're great running shoes, and on top of everything else they just look cool.  Within a few days after my first pair arrived, I was back on Amazon buying a second, even though I had to purchase them from a seller at a higher price.  Worth every penny.", "I went to several stores in the Denver ,Colorado area looking for theses Nike Air Max 2013 in my size they were sold out ; so I went on Amazon and found them ; They look amazing and feel great on my feet ; I wear them to  Zumba  class and they look good with my outfits  .. I'm  glad I found the two tone soil bottom's they look so cool....there a  size 7.5 there a bit wide and a little bit bigger than most size 7.5 . they were sold out of size 7 ; But I been wearing  Air Max for the past  10 years and  I still have my first pair or I given a pair away a time or two they do cost more than most running shoes but I only had one pair that every tear up . I may buy two pair a year or every other year depending on the different styles  .But I wouldn't go walking  or workout in any other shoes cause there nice comfortable shoes that last year after year after year. You do get what you pay for when you purchase Nike air max....", "nike air max is my favorite shoe. i buy them over and over year after year and wear them almost constantly", "THESE SHOES ARE LIKE WALKING ON AIR THEY ARE REALLY LIGHT AND COMFORTABLE IT ALMOST FEELS LIKE YOU DONT HAVE THEM ON", "very comfortable, nice design, a bit pricey, but worth it, quality materials, completely original, ideal for walking, or shopping, or wear a good pair of shoes", "This Is my secunde pair, the fiesta one blog up don't know the reason but i don't know where to tale them for  guaranteI bought another one beca use they are great", "The shoe heel cup is too low, the tongue is too flimsy, the sole wears out too quickly at the heel, the inner sole is too light weight and $180 is too much as a retail price.The 2009 shoe air max 360 was one of the best.  $180 should be perfect and super supportive and cool looking.  2013 is NOT even close.", "Most comfortable shoes I've ever bought! Love the unique color and want them in another color! Really pleased with them!", "this product is very good, better than the pictures. will definitely be doing business in the future again and recommend to everyone. NIKE RULES!", "Love these shoes.  They look really good and feel great.  I have 4 pair of these now and love them all.", "My sons shoes and they have been great shoes all school year! Had no problems with them and they fit him good.", "i really like this pair of cross trainers. my only issue was that because i have a slightly high instep the shoes fit a bit close thus preventing me from tightening the laces very hard. ovreall its a great product. it provides great support and enhances my workout.", "I'm a bigger, football built kind of guy.  6' 235, 25% body fat.  I ran on these shoes and popped them after three days.  I popped a second pair after three more runs.  The cushioning is unparalleled and I love the look.  The shoe is just not meant to be pushed by a football size guy.", "Very comfortable and a great fit. These runners are not water resistant in any fashion so avoid puddles!  However despite this they are warm without being hot ..", "fit my feet very well,size is goodget the goods very quickly.the shoes is new but not cheaper than it is sold in China.", "I usually spent a lot of time working out in high impact activities as step, aerobics and spinning. And this shoes are the perfect match for my gym time. Comfortable and functional.", "Very nice shoe at a great price on Amazon! These shoes were bought for a very picky person when it comes to tennis shoes and she loves them! Says they are very lightweight and comfortable!", "this was a gift for my son, he absolutely liked them, they fit very good and he said they are confy", "Air max are always great shoes! Very comfortable and once you are used to it you would never switch to another.", "We are concerned about the &#34;air&#34; pocket in the back but if that holds up then these look like the best pair of nikes yet!! My husband plays alot of sports and says these fit amazingly!! They feel like your walking on a cloud! He just hopes the air pocket doesn't pop lol", "kinda like the style , and color combo , fit nice ,price is alittle steep , id recomend these for training , considering buying a backup pair , maybe different color", "So comfort, light weight, nice look. Fit tight but I still feel so comfort. I was looking for a nice red running shoe and this is the best option. Nike is Nike! I love it!", "THIS RUNNING SHOES IS THE BEST THAT FIT WELL. VERY NICE PRODUCT, COMFORTABLE AND PRACTICAL. EXCELLENT.I REALLY LOVED THIS SHOES.", "everything good! nice shoes, i will buy again in this site, thanks for your services, i give you 5 stars!", "Honestly, I have owned a lot of good shoes.....as I have always felt you can never spend too much on your feet if you use your shoes a lot.  And after going to the stores and trying on countless different pairs, this was by far the most comfortable shoe I have ever wore.  I bought them immediately after trying them on and walking a little bit in them.  I know this is not a cheap shoe, so if you are on a strict budget, this might not be for you.  But if you are les concerned with price and more concerned with comfort, this shoe is for you.  I am planning on buying a second pair here on Amazon within a week or two.", "i love these sneakers fit great and very comfortable  my next sneaker will be a walking sneaker i wear size 11.5", "My son has enjoyed these tennis shoes.  Very much in style and light weight too.  I would highly recommend this item.", "what  can i say about shoes we all knowi like better the air max 2009better shape better fiti would returun them and get older model if they had it it with this colorshipping took lobger then expected", "not much to say about Nike shoes.i have several color of this model and it is perfect for people with back pain", "He is a referee and the shoes are nice and comfortable.  He said that they are very comfortable!  Very nice", "got these for my son and he really lieks them. great fit and feel with what appears to be a very well made product", "Ok I spent more on this shoe thinking it was an upgrade from my Nike Pegasus 29 but so far I'm finding that they are heavier and that little weight difference  is HUGE when your running every day 5+ miles a day! They are comfortable but not any more than the Pegasus 29 I would not buy this again and wish I would have stayed with a proven shoe!", "I just about choked on the price but went ahead and ordered these just after Christmas to replace something else he had received.  He LOVES them - says they are the most comfortable sneakers he has ever owned.  The soles look cool when you watch him walk away.  Hopefully they will wear well.", "AWESOME shoe! Also an eye catcher. these are the most comfortable shoe's I have ever worn. Get them now! you wont be disappointed.", "Excellent shoes.love working with them & training in them.Bad thing is gets dirty fast but it is expected.I no longer worry about my feet hurt like they use to.", "I bought this shoes to run and everyday use to shop in supermarket, to walk for the street the sunday's morning. this shoes are very confortable, lightweight, my feets don't have perspiration. The color is very striking and reflective swoosh is easy to see in the darkness.i'm so happy with my new shoes. five stars to nike. you did it again", "If you think they are bright in the picture... You should see them in person. As much as it is hard to believe, the bright, neon colors of the '80's are coming back around. The first day I wore these out in public, I caught several compliments off of these shoes. I am not the one to brag, and with these shoes I do not have to. It seems that shoe fanatics already know that these shoes are pricey because I am told that I am crazy for spending such a pretty penny on these bad boys, but they always have to declare that they wish that they could afford them. My business just hit a huge stride so I splurged myself with three pairs of these awesome shoes. If you can afford them and you are contemplating purchasing a pair... Do yourself a favor and scoop these up. They are super comfortable, look great and you will feel like a million bucks when you slide these on your feet.", "I feel good... I just love nike... It would've been better...For real... I got what I've spect...Very nice", "Shoes fit well and where comfortable but the bottom sole of the shoe at the red shox came apart after 2 weeks. Got a pair of Reebok Zigs and never looked back,I love my ZIGS......", "This bag is not only looking good it is spacious and good as a overnight travel bag. It is comfortable to wear even if its is fully loaded. Just love it.", "i bought this for my wife and she loves them her old ones had more shox on them she wished all of nikes had more shox on all there shoes not just select ones", "got a medium size so it can fit fitted. perfect for teaching classes at the gymim 6,1,  42 inch chest and around 33 stomach?.fit me nice and snug around the chest and the vents on the back and armpit area are great.it feels like your not wearing much even when its really hot because of the vent holes are pretty bigthe front part of the shirt is pretty stretchable. so is the sleeve area. the back part is a little less stretchable but itlooks like its made with bigger holes to vent out the hot air and sweet", "I just  want to say that I  developed  a habit to  pick  some of  NIKE stuff  out  in  guy's  section cause  for  some unknown reason company make  their  outfits so much more comfortable and useful then  ladies. Not  that  I do not  like woman's outfits it's just when you are  looking for  something  not  SO  reveling ( for outdoors ) and not the less - the sexier you are  at  lost. So one day I  did run in to this cool t-shirt. Dont  know  really  why  not  to  make  the  same  for  us  girls. It is  just  as tight and hi-tech looking , plus has  great vent due to that patch  on the  back. I think it is  part  of \"COMBAT\" line or  something like that. Any how , it was so great that I  went  and  order  another two. Take it from  the fitness profy - you will feel very  comfortable  in it. And if  you are just  like  me  5.8 130lb  order S size that would fit perfectly.Cheers)))", "These golf shoes are so good, I wore them without socks the last round I played, and they treated my feet to an amazing, comfortable day. Can't recommend them highly enough!", "these shoes , if we talk about look , they are the bomb , the colors , my favorite , and they are very good for who have hill problems , like me , but I would like just a little bit lighter weight , I'm getting old , and I love very light shoes , if you are looking for light shoes , don't buy shox.", "Awesome they fit perfect! the color was the same that the picture shows, I don't have any issue with this item", "These are the real deal...fit great and excellent for skateboarding. Bought them as a gift for Christmas and my friend love them.", "The shoes are amazing, love the colors, the shape And the weight. I definitely would buy another pair like this one", "good, excellent shoe, very nice product, in line with expectations, striking and original design. Coloration photography, pleased with the quality of nike.", "great! they are really comfortable and i love it. excellent shoes for work out. totally recomended!.excellent deal. love the color too.", "These shoes were exactly what I was looking for! I got them as a gift and the recipient loves them. No complaints!", "Shoes look wonderful but my daughters foot is a 11 and not a 10.5. She thought she  was only 10.5. Really need to find that shoe in an 11.", "These shoes were everything and more than what I had hoped for. They were delivered so much faster than estimated whichmade me happy since icould wear them sooner. Fit, feel and color are simply perfect. I highly recommend these.", "These shoes are so light and unconstructed that you forget you have them on.  I live in a very hot part of the country, so they're great for keeping my feet cool while running, walking or just hanging around.  They're best worn with very light socks or no socks at all. I wouldnt recommend them for classes in the gym where you're doing lunges or jumping, but otherwise I've really enjoyed them.", "I have nike free run 2s that i love and thought these would be even better. New style, cute color, etc. Nope! I ran my typical 3 mile and suffered major heel pain (like walking on a bone bruise) in both feet for an entire week afterwards. Guess I wont be wearing these to run. Maybe to take kids to park. Major bummer!", "These shoes feel so good on, I wear them almost daily, they've replaced my old walking shoes & I plan to get another pair. Cute, too!", "love this shoe but they do run extremely small. Like a whole size small. They fit good when I take the insert out but not as comfy when I do that.", "Love the color, the comfort and the look of it.The perfect shoe to show off at the gym! yeah", "This product is great. Exactly what I wanted and ordered. I love the Nike Free Run+ 3! I got the grey and blu ones- they are perfect.", "color was just as the picture described it. very comfortable a little pricey but overall satisfied. would recommend to anyone interested in this product.", "Very comfortable!  Lightweight - great for circuit training and other forms of high intensity cardio.  And I love the colors! Highly recommend!", "I was Active Duty Air Force for 2 and a half years and when I got pregnant I needed a pair of shoes that were light and comfortable.. These are amazing.. They are feather light, fit snug like a sock but have great stability. Now that my son is a year old I'm getting back into shape and these shoes are amazing!! I can do yoga, pilates, running, even P90x with these shoes and they feel great. I've had slippers less comfortable than these. They also breathe very well which is a plus if you have a tendency to get sweaty feet. Highly recommend!!", "Just went for a run in my new Nike free runs. No shin splints, no sore feet. These are great running shoes. I could go another four miles easily! I will definitely buy these again!", "Since I didn't purchase these for myself, I cannot attest to the comfort they provide or the quality, but being a Nike, I am going to assume they are great. My Daughter-in-law uses them as her workout shoes, and hasn't complained about them. Not that she would - but she wanted them for her workouts.", "I bought this for my work out buddy who is now my girlfriend she loves the color and she stands out more when working out ZI suggest all women have a pair this color", "I loooooove these shoes. I ran in them once and they already felt broke in. They are so light and comfy. They completely conform to my feet so I am able to lace them a little looser than most pairs of running shoes. I love the grips on the bottoms! They allow me to go from track, to road, to grass, to cross training. Great shoes! Nike hit a home run this time!", "I bought these shoes for my daughter and she loves them. Very comfortable under strenuous physical education exercises both indoors and outdoors.", "THIS PRODUCT IS VERY GOOD, BECAUSE IT'S SOFT AND CONFORTABLE. THE COMBINATION OF COLOR IS FINE. IT'S THE BEST OF NIKE", "only tried these indoors thus far but excited to give them a try on the trails etc in the spring. so far fit is excellent (true to size) and they provide support whilst being super light weight.", "Comfortable and nice to wear...very light on the feet makes wearing all day very comfortable.  nice color combinations and nice shoe materials...", "This shoe is great, perfect for working out or even just for a walk around the town. The company shipped in good time and was exactly what I wanted.", "Very happy with this purchase! Love the style and comfort. Thinking of purchasing a second pair. I would high recommend this shoe.", "The colors are awesome and they look brand new when bleached in the washing machine! The are very comfortable too! I would recommend!", "Nike FreeRuns are amazing-- they give my feet ample space in the toes (and I have borderline wide feet) arch support, and a almost running barefoot feeling-- without feeling like a nail could go through the shoe easily and give you tetanus.Love these. Will keep buying them as long as I need running shoes.", "They are the perfect size and very comfortable....my foot looks like they are pointing inward though...and no its not my feet, its the way the trainers are shaped..", "Light weight and very comfortable. Fits like a glove. Little snug and bought 1/2 size bigger than normal. Might want to try on in the store first. Love my Nike!!!", "I am not a runner. I am a diabetic who is on her feet all day. I love these shoes. They are very light and flexible and have great ventilation. Because I have to take very good care of my feet, I am very careful about areas that slip, rub, or put pressure on my feet. These are almost like wearing slippers. I have had them for a few months and they still feel great and look great. I wear a 10 and the fit was just right for me.", "These shoes feel like they are part of your foot.  Cushiony and stretchy but stable.  Excellent fit. Look great too.  Not as stable as ASICs but a great casual athletic shoe.", "I did not buy this shoe from Amazon, but I've had 2 pairs of these, and I will continue to buy them until they stop making them (hopefully never!).  I teach very high impact fitness classes, and my shoes wear out every 3-4 months. I also have problems with my feet (bunions & toe issues), and I have never found a shoe that doesn't hurt my feet in one way or another.", "The Quality I expect from Nike. / Kinda expensive!It's an excellent product. 100% recommended. Very Comfort, perfect for gym and running.", "Shoe showed up in brand new box like it came right from the store. Exactly what was in the picture.", "Very comfortable and stylish. I like to wear these when I know I'm going on long walks and long hikes.", "I usually wear 6.5-7 and had to get these in 7.5. Once I got the right fit, very happy with the performance and look of these running shoes. No more shin pain! The vendor was fast with shipping and delivery.", "I love these shoes!  I wear them everyday when I walk/run. Very light weight and so comfortable. I strongly recommend them.", "What a beautiful running shoes. So light and the colors are amazing. I wish i bought them sooner and not waited until xmas.", "Best sneakers I ever owned. And I get lots of compliments on the striking vibrant colors. They are light and flexible with enough support to make you feel you could run for miles. Which I did when I ran my first half marathon in them!", "Great shoes - very comfortable, great flexibility and enough cushioning to wear on the streets of NYC! and they look great.", "they are SOOOOO light, they look beautiful, my favourite pair of shoes ever. i want them in all colors!! good fit.", "I was hesitant about buying a pair of shoes for my wife online because I wasn't sure she would like the fit. Turns out she really loved the shoes. I earned quite a few &#34;brownie points&#34; with this choice.", "Love these shoes! Very comfortable and Nike+ sensor is a great workout guide! Get compliments on my shoes all the time.", "This is the second pair I have purchased. Great shoe with support for being on your feet all day. Has style for all ages.", "I tried these on in a store and thought they were so comfortable and liked the blue color. I decided to order on amazon.com and when I got them I thought the color was brighter than ones I have previously tried on in stores. Other than the color being a little too bright, these are very comfortable. The sole has alot of give which makes walking easy and enjoyable. Really like the shoes, just gave it a 4 star rating because of the color. A little hard to wear with jeans if you don't have the right top to go with this bright color.", "pro: very light weight.con: no cushioning under the &#34;ball&#34; of your foot or &#34;heel&#34;. Feel good as you walk around the house, but after 10 minutes of hitting the pavement, you notice your heels hurt, the ball of your foot starts to burn. There just is not enough cushion period.", "Nike Free Run+3 Womens Running Shoes Dark Grey/Reflective Silver  shoes are very light and comfortable, true to size. Design is very lovely.", "I recently had foot surgery and was looking for a new pair of running shoes for my new foot shape. These fit perfectly with know break in time or special lacing system. I'm buying a second pair as soon as I finish this review.", "Awesome shoes!!!Just choose a half size bigger and they will fit perfectly, you can even try them in a store before ordering the color you want ;) Super happy with my new shoes!!", "So far so good. Recovering from I T band injury and need the structure. Good toe box room. Great fit.", "I ordered this for my husband and I really love it. Thank God it fits him perfectly and he likes it too.", "Great looking shoe, very comfortable, very light! Problem??? I have had these things less than a month, under normal wear i.e. wearing them to work in retail setting, these things squeak. Not sure if the air pocket was popped, although not sure how I could have been, i'm in a store not at a construction site. When I walk in these things I am embarrassed therefore I will not wear them again! What good is a great looking shoe if your embarrassed to wear it??", "I bought these for my son. He's told me they confortable and light when walking/playing. He's been wearing them very often since they arrived (like a month ago) and they still look fine...", "excellent product ideal for the practice of basketball, which is the sport that I practice. we'll see how long they will last.", "Not only look and feel great but affordable. If you are looking for a good shoe to kick back in it's great too. Provides awesome ankle support", "The price and sneaker are both a great deal. The size was perfect and even had a little note from the owner about the purchase. Great attention to detail", "Amazing shies, so light...perfect , best relation price-quality.... recomended  . . . . . . . . . . .", "I bought this pair of sneakers for my brother-in-law and I think they do look beautiful. They seem to be very resistant and comfortable.", "it doesnt looks as in pictures but anyway looks great and feels great now i think these shoes are overpriced but anyway how i said before they are just ok but $50 with shipping included could be better than pay $70... And if you are from central america or another place in workd and your size is 9 you must buy this in 8.5 size", "I bought these for my nephew and he loves them, he said they fit great and are comfortable,  they look awesome, liked better then other brands I looked at.", "Got these a week ago and have played a few nights of basketball with them, and I totally dig these shoes....  they are comfortable, fit nice, and took care of my feet.", "The hole at the top was way too small to get my size 13 foot into the shoe, and I didn't want to halfway unlace and re-lace everytime I wore them. Not too impressed with apparent quality either, think I was probably paying more for the Nike name than basic quality.  So I returned them.", "Fit good and looks good. Nice every day shoes. I understand others saying it's hard to get a big foot into the little hole. It's ok though.", "I bought these shoes for Christmas and they arrived on time and exactly as pictured and described.  The are of good quality and hopefully will be exactly what my family member wanted.", "very nice and comfortable I recommend, are great for jogging and for everyday use of everyday, I recommend it to everyone who likes walking.", "arrived at the date indicated, are original and comes a little more limited as a means number guy, from there on out was very good buy", "Bought this as a gift for my bf who absolutely loved it!  He mentioned how light (weight) it was when he wore them -- very comfortable and was able to move quickly when playing ball.", "Get some gel inserts and these are perfect. The looks and fit were spot on. The construction seems pretty good after a few months of wear. The soles are a bit thin and my feet a bit sensitive. Gel inserts make it nice at this price.", "Well I got them for a gift but I liked that the shipping was on time ill let you know what I think when they use them they looked like good quality shoes thanks for asking", "The color of the shoes are true to the picture. Very comfortable to wear and I would recommend them to anyone.", "This slipper was bought as a gift for a friend. Great fit, light weight, adjustable slipper that offers great comfort and true to size. Perfect for a man with swag. This slipper rocks with shorts...a cool, casual blend.", "MY HUSBAND LOVED THESE. HE HAD A VERY OLD PAIR THAT NEEDED REPLACING AND THESE DID THE JOB AND THEN SOME!", "Product arrives on time and met all of my expectations.  Was true to size and color was as shown in all I am very satisfied.", "Awesome boyfriend loved them ! It fit him perfect and it came as expected which is great that it did.", "I bought these for my son. They were delivered as expected. The shoes have wore well. They Clean up easy and wear well. He says they are comfortable.", "This was a great gift and the color is cool with a comfortable fit and they are made of a tough rubber that will hopefully last", "These sandals fit great, but as expected get dirty quite easily.  For the most part they clean up really easily, but the material in the sole is harder to get white again.  They are quite stylish and comfortable and I would recommend this model of sandals, but it might be better to get them in a darker colour.", "Good quality, not quite what I was looking for.  They don't make these in white leather, so I am still looking.", "I recieved my order in about 6 days, all the way to Japan.&#12288;The sandles were in perfect condition with the new shoe smell. I love how comfertable they feel on my feet. The Jordan Hydro 2 (white) stand out and look very cool. I will be buying the black and red sandles as well. Thanks.......Q.Thompson", "What can we say? Jordans - great sandals, great brand, ....yeah, great logo too! For teenagers, it's all about the logo - an 'original Jordan' logo", "these Jordan shoes are very comfortable.  They arrived before Christmas Day.  They are  much more comfortable than the Nikes....Perfect gift.", "Nike Men's NIKE JORDAN HYDRO 2 SLIDE SANDALSGreat sandals grandson loves them really comfy.His friends want to know where he got them we told them Amazon,com.", "Looks really nice and feels really good! It is really good just as good as it should be. I love it", "These slides are perfect!  My sone is a basketball player and he wanted them pretty bad!  He loves them and he looks good wearing them!", "Great fit and price! THESE ARE THE ATHLETE SLIPPERS YOU MUST WEAR TO SHOW-OFF YOUR &#34;JUST-DO-IT SWAG! LOVE THE WHITE AGAINST THE GRAY! A+++", "My son loves it. He said it is very comfortable and he enjoys wearing them.  it was a nice Christmas present.", "These were a special order for my granddaughter.  Because we had to order mens they ran a little big but she was still very happy with them.  Just what the grandchild wanted:-)", "It takes some breaking in and is kind of high-maintenance to keep clean and white but I think they are really stylish and comfortable once broken into. The bottoms aren't soft and cushiony like most Nike and Under Armour ones are.", "Bought it as a gift for someone and he really loved the style and color. Stated the fit was perfect so I'm really satisfied with these sneakers", "Came on time love my shoes", "the shoes were everything i thought they would be fit is nice they are comfortable and i have gotten many compliments on them the 2 times ive worn them..", "Exact size and fit. This isn't a first nike pair, so I knew the size to order. It was last minute Christmas gift and it got here right in time.", "I love this shirt. It is sized just right for running. I really appreciate that it is UV resistant. I am a runner, and love that it keeps me warm in the winter and cool in the summer. The color is lovely, and the texture is very comfortable.", "Good quality, comfortable material, is looser than ones that had bought previously, advisable to protect themselves from the Sun of the Caribbean", "Great fabric and with UV protection. I would really recommend it. Fit as expected. Come in really nice Bright colors.", "My sister loves this top.  It fits well and is durable.  She loves to run and found this top to be great for training for her marathons.", "I bought my wife this Nike long sleeve top because I had a few of these type shirts and she wanted one for herself. She loves it and likes the comfort of this style. It looks really good on her and I gave it a very high rating.", "Shoes fit great, look good, and they're light as a feather. I've never been disappointed by nike products, and these definately prove my point", "Very light and comfortable shoe. My son likes the design and has had many compliments. He is very hard on his shoes and they are holding out very well.", "I bought these for my Son's Birthday (he loves Nike brand).  He says they are very comfortable and wear well.", "I truly do love these ACG boots.  Great color, (I love purple) and extremely durable.  I plan to use them all winter and then some.", "I was very happy with these sneakers.  They were a gift to my friend and he loves them.  feels very comfortable to walk in. thanks!", "It's a good shoes very comfortable. The kind material to make that make comfortable my foot.I can recommend with my friends.", "beautiful and very comfortable. i love the design so much. was not happy that the package was opened when i received it.", "Hi, I had order this Nike Air Force 180 MID, for my Nephew, it arrived before the time stated, from California to The Bahamas, packaging was great, size was as requested & tracking was available. He Love it, Thx. Amazon & Shoezoo, for making this transaction a smooth one.", "I had no idea what size to get in this shoe so I just went a half size up from my normal size and it fits PERFECT.", "it is good, before i thought that it may not very good, but it was good after i wear it.", "Ok so I've been wanting these barkleys for a while actually the 1984 Olympic joints but had to settle for these thought I had made a great purchase turns out I didn't I've worn these shoes 3x the 1st time jus to try them on and now the red and white speckled part by the sole is peeling for what reason idk also ima woman who loves sneakers so I pretty much baby them overall I feel like these shoes aren't authentic I wish I could put a picture here so you can see", "Great shoe!! I love the sneaker. It does fit a little narrow but other than that it's a beautiful find.", "I ordered these for my son and after I ordered - was concerned that they might be fakes.  I ordered next day shipping and they arrived the next business day - no problems at all.  My son did a thorough inspection and told me they were the real thing! He loves them.  This is a great seller and I highly recommend them to anyone.", "I purchased these for my nephew. he loves them. they are great quality and he says they are pretty comfortable.", "At the beginning I was skeptical it was going to be fake and oversized because I didn't really trust online shopping but they came in on-time, fitt perfectly and were original! I love them! I recommend these services for everyone..", "These are comfortable shoes and stylish. Wearing them is like walking on air.  Size was true to what I normally wear.", "These are probably the best and most comfortbable air max I have owned, perfect for running or just casual wear-Love!!", "The colors are depicted are exactly the colors on the shoe. The material feels more like a pho leather now, not as high quality as they used to, but good looking none the less.", "Came really fast in the mail!!Also, perfect fit, color, quality, and style!My husband absolutley loved them!the color is very vibrant!", "nice is for my brother giftgood pricei like the price and colorI recommend this chosethanksi", "This shoe is perfect for working out in.  It has great arch and heal support.  If you are also looking for a light weight shoe this it it!  I would highly recommend it to anyone who is looking for a versatile athletic shoe that is truly comfortable to wear.", "Men's Nike Shox Turbo-The shoes were as described and arrived before expected date. My husband loves these shoes! He says they're the most comfortable pair he's owned.", "He may not exactly be an athlete, but he sure looks cool.  The shoes fit nicely and look very sleek.  Hubby struts around in them (and he looks cute doing it!).", "My husband loves the color, and they're Nike; what could be better for him! They are also good running shoes, and they are Nike Shox.", "this shoes are an excellent choise. great colour. no more to say. . . . . . . . .", "Great support, perfect for walking around or cross training at the gym! Already planning on ordering in other colors! Great service, highly recommend.", "My son loved these shoes. They are true to size. Very sporty. As usual, high quality from a high quality company. You get what you pay for with these shoes.", "These shoes look great on the recipient and he says they are typically Nike comfortable.  I was happy about how quickly I received them after ordering.", "money well spent!! I have enjoyed the shoes, very comfortable and good shoes to run in. size was a perfect fit.", "the show overall is good.. but the nike sensor does not work. Makes me doubt if its original. But so far, it works for all", "excellent fit!, looks great, everybody on my works tell me you're shoes are amazing, love that!! Thanks nike, thanks Amazon!!! You made my week!!!!", "These shoes are the best. They really help since I have had my major knee surgery. Thank you for the shoes.", "The outer material is unique(rubber) and they mesh breaths well.  Very Comfortable and what you would expect from a pair of SHOX.", "I am over weigth and start running on 5K runns an this one are the best on the !st run I recude my time by almops 2 min", "I wear these for work and they're excellent. They keep me moving during a long day. I rate these five stars.", "These are good fitting and comfortable shoes.  I have a feeling that these shoes are going to last me a very long time.", "Great running shoe, first pair of Nikes I&#8217;ve ever owned. Will mention if you&#8217;re not use to running with that much of a forward stance your calve muscles are in for a surprise.", "I love this shoes, It's nice and I going to use every time because is confortable and look good for me. I select this punctuation because shoes are as shown in the publication.", "I LOVE SHOX! I was having a terrible time locating some new shox. But then I though duh! Amazon! I wear a 81/2 or 9 in womens so I took  a chance at the 7 in mens. Im glad I did! They were a tiny bit snug when I first put them on but after wearing them about 3 times they fit perfectly! I wear them at least twice a week and they still look brand new and feel great!", "Big fan of Nike Shox!  I was a little concerned how they would look since I was buying online, loved them.  They were a gift for my oldest son and he loved them too.  Fit nice, good construction and look great on.  Very happy with this buy!!!!", "Got these for my brother for Christmas.  He always wears a size 10, but he couldn't fit into them.  So we returned them and reordered a size 11 and they fit good.", "Brilliant really love them, absolutely perfect trainers. Thought the shockers were going to be to solid, after afew work outs they became perfect.Quick fast safe secured shipping.", "Product was perfect and much cheaper than in the store.  Glad I made the purchase and got what I wanted", "i passed up on this sneaker when it first came out awhile ago. i was shock that i found them on amazon! i had already had this sneaker in a different color way so i love how they fit, its a snug on the first time but it fits great after that. i really like how the black and crimson on this model q", "Waiting until summer to wear these shoes. Some scratches on the purple and oranage part but other then that it's a great buy. Everyone i've shown them to want them.", "What I was looking for  nice fit my husband loves them order the nike air max boots for him next", "I bought these &#34;boots&#34; for my son ( kid's just wont wear boots) and he LOVES them. They are stylish and do the job.", "Ok. Size is ok, but only on the fingers is litle bit tight, but, i think because are new.Color is awsome, size is original, lightweith, but strong, very good on the legs, i like realy this Nike :-). I hope i will order another paar of this boots. Waterproof, material is great, outsole soft...pure 10 points :-).And...order is comming very feast, eveen i order to Afghanistan USMC base :-).", "My son was satisfied with these shoes. The shoes matched the outfit that he had very Well. It was the perfect color.", "I purchase many thing on amazon this one thing I didn't.There isn't a person I even know that can fit a men or women 10.I don't know how this got on my purchase history.", "Good quality & fit. My college son wears them every day as we walks across the campus in Madison.Loves them!", "Perfect fit and super cool looking. Love that they are water proof and have super traction on wet pavement as well.", "The product arrive well before the expected delivery date.  These boots are awesome.  They fit true to size for a boot and are some of the most comfortable boots I have ever worn.  I was a little worried that they would not be sufficient for snow, but they stand up to the elements.  I would order again from this seller no problem.", "i liked the shoes they have great style and are very soft i just got done playing my hole year of basketball in them and it always felt good to play my games in them and now i use them for P.E at school", "My son runs 6th grade cross country but still takes a size 3 kids shoe.  We tried the best kids shoes we could find (Saucony Kinvara, New balance) and they all resulted in heel/Achilles pain as well as terrible durability.  Children's shoes are just not made of the same quality even if it is the same make/model as adult shoes.  He pretty much had to quite running until I finally found a women's size 5..which to my surprise is quite rare.  The Pegasus had a good reputation and has lived up to it.  His heel pain vanished after about two runs in the Pegasus.  The shoe also has excellent support and traction for running on grass and trails.  The Pegasus also comes in the smaller sizes and a variety of colors making it a strong option for both boys and girls looking for a quality shoe.  I was a bit nervous about the seller as I it was not coming from Amazon directly, but the shoes were new, arrived promptly and at a great price.", "This shoe is great.Great cushion for every stride.Nike+ only makes it better.", "I bought them solely because they match the US Navy new PT gear, but I was surprised at how comfortable but supportive they were during workouts! HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!", "Again great fit! Glad it's not made in China and delivery was soooo quick! The only reason it gets four stars is because I was hoping the orange was going to be more of a neon, otherwise it was a little darker than I expected.", "Nice quality.  My son was very happy  with them.  They fit nice.  In new box just as expected. Would do more business  with.", "Fast shipping and just as the picture! As a gift for my brother, I can tell you he was extremely pleased!!! Thank you!", "Item was delivered when promised. Item was exactly what we ordered. And I was a little concerned since once the order was placed the picture of item changed. The picture now associated with the purchase was not what was ordered or shipped. Glad the glitch did not effect my order; )", "Nice navy blue color that goes with everything.  My son loves them, says they are comfortable and loves to run in them.", "I was hesitant about purchasing shoes online for a holiday present. These arrived in great shape, brand-new, and in such awesome colors. I'm 100% certain the recipient of this gift will love it!", "Ive owned shox since I was 25. now that I am almost 40 I will still never own another kind. Shox are the best for your feet. I am a firm believer of this style and brand 110%. They feel really comfortable on your feet, and kind of give you a bounce back when you are running long distances.", "It really comfortable and look niceship fast just in 3 days after I ordered it from UTAL to CALIFORNIA", "I have had two pair of Lunarglides which are now my go to running shoe.  These seem a bit snug.  The design and colors are awesome, though, and I will continue on working to break these in.", "Love the colour and pattern of these runners, and the pink highlights means they will go with more outfitsVery comfortable during work outs", "These shoes are the most comfortable fitting and feeling shoes I've ever owned for walking and running. they were comfortable right from the very start. I now have 2 pairs. I use one for my walking /running, and one for work as a Registered nurse.", "If running is your thing, this is the shoe! One of the best running shoes ever. Congratulations Nike. I have always considered Asics the best brand for running shoes, but Nike has now reached its best!Have just run a half marathon with them and felt really comfortable.", "excellent. I use daily my Nike's, they are to confortable. excelent product. I don't have more comments about this product", "I bought these shoes for my sister for her birthday. She loves them and said they are so stylish with her cloths. (She is a big shoe freak) I loved the fact that amazon delivered them to her door and have gift options for people who order. My sister lives 3 states away and it was so helpful to be able to do that option instead of sending it to my house, then me wrapping it and mailing it to her. I only had to pay one shipping and was able to get the gift to her on time thanks to Amazon!", "The price was great, the shoes fit great and look nice.  They are comfortable and he likes that he can wear them with multiple outfits.", "My kids love this shoe but it was gray and not black. But works well for school they both love it.", "Great quality.  Fit comfy and great for soccer. The color is bright and fashionable. Would love other colors.  Would recommend to any soccer player.", "I am very satisfied with the product however the picture used in this rating is an inaccurate representation of what the product actually looks like.", "These Air Max fit just fine.  My foot is a little narrow.  Some shoes I have tried pull away at the heel, because they are cut wider.  Not so with these.  However, these are not as soft underfoot as the Air Max Bowerman Series that I own.  I will continue to buy Nike because of the fit.  I volunteer at a school with inner-city kids.  They think my shoes are cool!", "Super stylish retro kicks, and not too bad on the comfort side. If you're looking for a high quality running shoe, this is probably isn't it. But if you want a fairly comfy, stylish casual shoe that looks great with jeans, then this may be for you.", "I love the Nike Turbo style shoes and I hope they continue to make them for a long time. I use them for working out at the gym and power walking. Because feet swell when doing vigorous exercising, I always order a half size larger than I typically wear. They have excellent support and I hope to get many miles out of them.", "I had already a pair of Equalon... since those were already bad I decided to go for a ones. I have never feel such comfort in shoes...You feel like you are flying with the shoes. Good cushioning, nice colors, good ventilation and you have the Nike+ tech.Highly recommended if you are a pronator", "I love them.I use them for work and for working out and yet no signs of wear and tear.They are really comfortable.", "They are so comfortable and cute with jean's. I have two pair's in different color's and love them. Fit perfect. Would highly recomend!", "was very nice with fast shippment, It was a resonable price and it caught me eye immediatly. The item was great the item fits great.", "I am a huge fan of Nike AF One and those shoes are just dope! Very unusual but still the classic AF1 look.", "I have had this shoe before and I loved it. It lasted me three years through college and was the most comfortable shoe I ever owned, so I was excited when I found it again.The problem is the shoe is already falling apart as the seams on the top of shoe have come a part and the heel on one of the shoes has started to separate from the sole of the shoe. I have only had the shoes for about 3 months.The shoes are still extremely comfortable,but I am repairing them with super glue every other week.", "These shoes are comfortable, fit well and don't hurt my feet.  I don't like the color, though.", "Bought these to wear to work as I am in Law Enforcement. They are lightweight for a boot of this nature and comfortable. Great traction and sturdily constructed. Also look nice as well.", "The material that these shoes are made of is much different but I love because they are very easy to clean. But if your feet gets hot real fast. These shoes aren't for you because there is no ventilation.", "These nike blazer mid has great color and fabric. The size is true. But the first few times I wore these shoes, my feet hurt... After a couple times of wearing, I feel great!", "I bought a pair of sneakers from Amazon.com here in Brazil... The shoes is really good, I have some pairs of this brand. The price in the US is good, seeing that in Brazil it costs more than US 300.00... the unique problem is that customs in Brazil charge 60% over a specific price put by the Brazilian Government and not by the seller. The item arrieved before the time put by Amazon.com. Excelent!", "I have always been a Nike shox kind of guy and these by far are the best I have bought. They are very sharp and comfortable. I would definatly recommend them.", "Loved the shoes, Blazer rock! As expected the shoes fit and was enjoyed by the good daughter for school. awesome find!", "One of the best forces I've ever bought before, and the material used is durable. Style is cool, also like that the shoe came with another color shoe strings.", "1.21 Giggawatts!!!!!I bought these shoes for my Marty McFly costume last halloween. It was as close to the Nike Bruins as you can get in 2010.Aside from that, they were extremely comfortable and allowed for very safe time travel.Although, in 1885... the towns people didn't really understand what they were. They kept calling them Knee-Kays. I'm sure they'll figure it out eventually.", "It is a very comfortable and nice shoes, also have a very nice style. Its design is excellent and striking. I recommend it to people who like the convenience.", "It is a very comfortable and nice shoes, also have a very nice style. Its design is excellent and striking. I recommend it to people who like the convenience. Arrived right on time and fit great", "Great shoes  loved them the color was awesome matched with most of my clothes comfortable shoes and will do business again", "I REALLY LIKE  THIS SHOE I WILL BUY AGAIN IN THE NEAR FUTURE REALLY COMFORTABLE AND FITS REALLY GOOD YOU HAVE TO TRY THEM", "Very comfortable shoes, fits perfect, also fast delivery.  7 1/2 and 8 in women, which is size 6 and 6 1/2 in men. went with a six, and can never feel them on my feet, forget i'm walking with them.  struggle between size Was asked before my shoes were sent out what size I was to make sure the right size was sent,  which is an extra step to make sure there wasn't any mix-up.  Would definitely buy from this seller again.", "They are very comfortable and fit well to the foot. I have always used this brand and I was not surprised by the way they fit and they way they feel to my foot. I recommend this brand this kind of shoe to everyone.", "I've gotten more complements on this shoe than almost any other pair I own... and I have a lot of shoes", "Love the shoe. Of course the air max is usually narrow.  My feet are narrow.  So it fits perfectly for me. Fits true to size.  Great shoe all around", "The shoes are well worth the money. My feet feel great after a full day at work. I am 55 years old the kids think it is funny that I choose to sport the younger generation's shoe style but they are comfortable", "I found these particular sneakers better looking in person than I had hoped. I absolutely love them. Very comfortable and the color combination gets compliments everywhere I go. The quality of customer service was excellent, I intent to continue buying from FITSnKICKZ", "theses shoes are really comfortable", "Have other pairs of Nike Air Max 90s so I know how they feel and fit. Very comfortable shoe. Awesome color also.", "my son so love his sneakers, its fit him perfect, exactly as shown on the net, I am look to get another in a different color.", "super comfortable and every one loves them because of the colors. fits to size. I'm a 10.5 US. Fits snug.", "Look great fit great. Son has received several compliments. Very satisfied. First time ordering sneakers online for my son and I am very pleased.", "Those are very fancy comfortable and fit. My grandson loves Nike.", "This is a nice pair of Air Max shoes. The only problem here is that it is not available in a slightly bigger size like 15.5 which would have been pretty perfect for me, but then again I have really big feet. They look great and come in a variety of colors. The blue actually looks a lot better than it does in the product photograph. If you are used to wearing 15.5 or 16 then this is not for you, unless you are patient enough to wear them until they stretch out a bit, which is what I will be doing.", "I love Nike Air Max 90's. They are true to size, extremely comfortable, and durable. These shoes are the real deal and came brand new.", "Awesome shoes", "I have owned many nike sneakers but I find this very comfortable. It's good to walk on snows and also in the summer. I will shop more from the buyer in the future", "I love those shoes ar&eacute; my prefered, some time I has proved others but no those are The best Of all, Thanks", "I thought this was a shoe more on d grey side but It is more on d brown n beige side wen I saw it in real. other than dat came swifty n its good", "Fits to size.The color scheme perfect.Feels good on the foot and has lots of support.I was a bit skeptic about the store these were coming from but the shoe is legit!Definitely recommend getting these shoes as the Air Max  90 LONDON QS are limited editions.", "Fit perfectly. Fast delivery.", "Because I love the shoes and I want another pair but the price went up. But I'm still searching for another pair", "The shoe fits very nice and very comfortable. The color was catching and the price was very right. I will be ordering again real soon", "getting ready for a new purchase i love nike air max in all productsast and safe!! Thank you 100 % recoment.", "love the shoes, thought the color would be more red than they turned out to be.", "Works as advertised. Get the benefits of running barefoot without having to actually run barefoot. Very comfortable, flexible, and lightweight shoe.", "the shoes my son likes best. They are light and comfortable for everyday use. For running, walking, and playing sports with friends.", "These shoes are awesome out of the box. They fit great, look great, and most importantly feel great. But, for shoes made by a company like Nike and at a price around $100, these shoes should last at least some amount of time. I have had mine now for about two months and I do run in them (they are running shoes) and multiple different areas of the shoes are comning apart. The bottom rubber on the shoe is peeling off in multiple spots and I had to get super glue to get it to stay on. Some of the seams holding the part of the shoe that connects the shoe lace part of the shoe is coming undone and it is only a matter of time before they may be less usable. Overall, I like the shoes because Nike Shox are awesome, but I have had Shox before that did not fall apart like these.", "I had foot pain playing basketball until I replaced my new balance shoes with these.  Now my feet don't hurt. Also they have a nice velcro thing that tucks away the shoe laces.", "These are hands down the most comfortable running shoes I have ever known! I have recommended these to every runner I know. These shoes are a sure thing", "These shoes are perfect for sprinting. The price was excellent and they lasted the whole season. No need to buy another pair next year", "I had these shoes back when I was in middle school and I just had to buy it again to get them back. Great authentic Jordan shoes. I didn't have any problems, fast shipping and I would recommend buying from here.", "This is one of the great Jordans to have in retro collection. Good fit and comfy. Nicely detailed and really well made. A must have for a collection.", "Honestly, the only reason why I am not giving this shoe five stars is because it is very expensive and I think that at a certain point the pricing on a synthetic show becomes a bit overboard. At the same time, this is the best fitting sneaker i have ever owned! it feels as good as it looks and I swear i have been scoring more points then I have in years. Get them!", "As promised did not mind paying the extra dough,  very good quality and the size was as requested.  Thank You.", "Since purchasing these shoes I have been getting women pregnant and leaving them. I've developed a taste for Hennessy and malt liquor. I am able to out run the police on foot. I have this amazing ability to slam dunk a basketball (I'm only 5'1.) These are the greatest shoes eva..ever..sorry. I gots to go now. Holla!!!", "Although a day late, they redeemed themselves by delivering on a Saturday!  Fit perfect.  I love to dress me and my toddler alike.  Perfect and timeless shoe.", "Nothing bests a new pair of Uptowns.. Classic style & look for all generations.. Enjoy a fresh pair if icy whites :-)", "I was a bit worried because I got this shoe for myself, and I'm 22 years old and normally wear womens US 6 but i could not got my hands on these shoes in womens (sold out everywhere!) therefore i got 4.5 US in kids. I received the shoes 10 mins ago and I am so glad that they fit PERFECTLY. They are not tight nor loose. The perfect fit ever. I would recommend it to everyone!", "White on white classics! This shoe never goes out of style. They are very comfortable and match everything! A must have for the summer. Good packaging and fast delivery.", "These shoes are a great price. I'm actually 16 and where a size 7 in women's but I ordered a size 6.5 in boys, and they fit perfect! Excellent shape", "It was wonderful shopping from my home computer. The shoes was a great fit for my child. Thanks a million!", "We are very happy with these shoes. My son loves these shoes. They fit perfectly and were as perfect as we expected.", "Bought this for a friend of mine teenage daughter and she absolutely loved them.  I was a bit concerned about the sizing but they were absolutely perfect!!!", "Where was this style all these years!!!! the comfort is amazing. There is plenty of room around the toes. my biggest gripe is that nike runs narrow, but not this style. although it is not a WIDe shoe size, it is far from narrow and give nice room around the wide part of the foot.. this is not a shoe for those who like a snug fit. the color is cool and different and the picture reflects the actual color perfectly,", "This Shoes Are Stylist and Comfortable! ......Only Thang I Should Have Got Them A Half Size Smaller!......Other Than That Great Shoe!  :~)", "I have been ordering shoes for my kids from Amazon for the past 7 years, always we get what we order and never had any issues. This makes my kids happy.", "Shoes fit perfectly. I'm always skeptical but these worked out great. The color is just as shown, shipping was on time, i have no complaints about this product at all!", "please don't buy these glasses if you live in northern california... lol... these glasses are pretty cool. they are not polarized, and the lenses are grey on the inside and reflective orange on the outside.... the frame is grey in some lights and darker in other lights...  the fit is great... the pair i bought, were actually made in italy.... i've heard stories of people buying knockoffs.. but i lucked out i guess.....", "This sneakers are AMAZING. I have been using the for 2 weeks now.Going to the gym and running with them. You have to use this things to know what it feels like.You have not wore real sneakers until you have one of these. It's like flying.Most comfortable sneakers I have ever had. And this comes from a US size 14 man. lolNot easy to find comfortable shoes for my big feet. But these ones do the job. Just love them.", "I began coaching my son's t-ball team and did not want to wear my softball cleats, so the AIr Diamond Trainer is a perfect solution.  They have the 'baseball ready' look and are very comfortable.", "Good The shoes look good. The colors are great for a women. I liked this shoes to my girlfriend. T", "in the picture the top part of the shoe look like breathable mesh but when I received them they looked like all pleather. they looked like knock offs to me. I sent them back for a full refund.", "The delivery was prompt and a little girl is happy.  The sneakers are excellent.  She is very happy!  She picked them out to start school.", "there okay they could be more fitting I should of bought a diff coloror brand I seen them in the photo and I liked them but when I got them I wasn't really to happy with how much I spent on them I think fo what I payed for these shoes I could have gotten better", "I love this type of shoe to be wearing when going to school or work all day. Very nice shoe.", "The shoe looks great,but looks can be deceiving.By the end of the day after wearing them i couldnt wait to get them off.They are very snug fitting and narrow at the toes.I had to wash them and stuff the toes to stretch them out.They feel somewhat better now.When someone compliments on them I say they look better than they feel! I would not buy another pair.", "I suffered from Plantar fasciitis and shox have been the only running shoes that has helped get rid of the problem. THey are a bit costly but worth it. I love these shoes. They are cute, comfortable and support my feet very well. I highly recommend.", "My job keeps me on my feet for many hours.  I have tried other shoes and Nike Shox are the only ones that I have been satisfied with.  I don't have back aches, my feet and legs feel great after working for 8-12 hours at a time.  In the past 4 years I have purchased 10-12 pairs of Nike Shox.  I have 6 pairs at the moment.  Everyone at my job owns Nike Shox.  They are amazing shoes.", "I really like these shoes, these where perfect for my clinicals and they are still good.  I really love the look and feel as well", "I bought this shoe because my boyfriend had purchased a pair for work. He walks all day in a hospital. He loved them. So, I bought them because I had a baby 9 months ago & am trying to lose the baby weight. I needed a shoe that really gripped my feet well. Well, these really do hold your feet together well. the only thing i didn't like is that Nike tends to make their shoes very narrow at the top by the toe. But once you can break in the leather, the shoe fits like a glove. Would i buy another pair? maybe. for the price, I'm not too sure of how impressed I am.", "I had been looking at these shoes for a while and held out because leather usually cracks so easily. Unfortunately I work in the medical field and had to buy all leather. I went and tried them on in a real store and I'm glad I did. I'm normally a size 7 and I needed a size 7.5 because there narrower than normal. I've had them for over 2 weeks and they are already scuffed so I keep them at work and just change when I get there. This is my second pair of shox and though they do take some getting use to (about three days of cont wear)I love them. They are easy to clean and I've received many complement. There's not a lot of options for all white leather shoes that don't make you look like a grandma. I gave it 5 because they fit what I need, are comfortable for an 8 our shift, and I like the way they look. Did I need to pay over a hundred dollars for them? Probably not, but its a tax right off because there for work. I'm happy with my purchase.", "Work in a hospital and on my feet all day.  They are very comfortable and keeps me going all shift.", "First, I should mention that I own many shox by Nike .... And I'm size 6.5. When I got these shoes I was soo excited because they look very nice, I couldn't wait to put them on ..... They fit very tight, I thought they would stretch a little bit with the hours but nope, I walked and walked and walked hoping for some stretch to happen until I gave up because they were killing me! So the conclusion is, I wouldn't recommend these shoes because the first characteristic of a sport shoe is &#34;TO BE COMFORTABLE&#34; and these are NOT...", "Like them a lot! Nice shoe without all the fluorescent colors! White with atouch of teal blue. Very well made.", "Exactly what I wanted...I wear shox all the time....and have many pair.........I was very pleased with these as well....and got them in a very timely matter......", "I bought these shoes hoping for something comfortable and easy to slip on for running out of the house. They met my standards perfectly! Way more comfortable then expected and I've worn these shoes for 4 miles walks. They do run small. I ordered a 9 and wear 8.5 normally. My toes still touched the front of the shoes.You can't go wrong for the price!", "these shoes are great for 2 things not 1, 2! they are great for skateboarding! and give you the support to be basketball shoes you will need high top socks for these because they are giant! And they are unique cuz you dont see people wearing black/purple shoes. but they are really great shoes.", "Comfy shoes, foam's great and soft with the air pocket makes for great cushioning.Seller priced them well, posted them quickly, and at a good postage rate :D", "I love these shoes so much that I'm saving up for a new pair.  I wore them for about six months and now I need new ones.  They are GREAT for running!  I recommend these shoes for anyone with narrow and flat feet, because of the great support they provide.  I'm a heavy woman and they are perfect for helping me with my joints and lower back.  Get these shoes for work, working out, or just because they look cool.  I recommend these shoes with ten stars.", "This is a very good running shoe for people with sensitive feet like myself. The shoe is very flexible and well padded without being too heavy or boxy. Shipping was prompt, and the shoes actually look better in person.", "Really comfortable, i love them to run. good quality, service, it  cost the priice. My feet it's a regulaer 7, i ordered a 7,5 and fits really confortable.  Amazing.", "I got it on time, and it is very light weight and comfortable. Good for running.Bu do not wear in rainy day.", "The shoes came a day late, but they were well worth the wait. They are so comfortable that they don't feel like they need any breaking in. They're very light weight and provide good support.", "I Purchased these for my boyfriend and he loves them! Quick service and they are a quality product. Looking forward to giving them to him.", "Awesome shoes!! Very light weight and sturdy construction. I love running in them, and they fit perfectly. Would definitely buy again!", "Very nice shoes.", "It is so comfortable amd it fitted as expected. I really like nike's running shoes. It is one of the best I had.", "These are the most comfortable shoes I have ever wore. In my opinion these beat any new balance pair that I had.", "These things are as light as a feather and fit like a glove supporting my whole foot. They do run a bit small so I wear my bike socks with them and the combo is great.", "Shoes fit very comfortably and are great when walking or running! I would recommend this shoe to any runner out there. Mkae sure you know what your nike size is before ordering online because nike sizes are different than most shoes.", "I wear these for cardio (running, bike, stairclimber, etc.), for weight training and for daily use.  They are light weight, fit my feet perfectly and are extremely comfortable.  I will absolutely order another pair when the current sneakers need replacement.", "Not something I would run in , but more of a lounging around shoe.  I got exactly what I wanted.", "Too tight on the top sides of the shoes. Besides that it was good but I'll think twice on spending that much on a tight shoe again", "This is an awesome pair of running shoes.  Very comfortable and extremely light in weight.  Already went on my first mile run and it was great.  Very nice color and these provide great support.  I highly recommend these shoes.  Good price, very much worth it.  Finally, the seller was really prompt in delivery, great service.  Overall, very satisfied with the buy.", "I got these as a present for my husband and he loves them!very comfy on his feet and look great. Highly recommend", "Feels like you are walking on clouds. They are a light weight pair of shoes that feels great for running.", "I got these as a gift for my husband. He loves them. They are perfect for running. Just what he needed! :)", "I'm one of those guys who can't have enough shoes. I know exactly how my Nikes, Pumas, Diesel's and oxfords should fit.This shoe was bought specifically for this year for when I take my toddler on walks exclusively (mainly so they stay clean and aren't coincidentally worn when someone needs help in a yard, etc). They perform flawlessly on walks, and honestly I tend to wear them around the house on my days off as they are incredibly light and you almost forget you are wearing them.", "No complaints. I want to buy the blue pair next. Great shoes and a great price. Go Texas Tech. Boom", "Great overall fit Nike in the past seemed to run narrow for a good fit for me, but these are awesome.  Super light and affordable I have two pairs and love the new design.", "Shoes were exactly what I expected and very comfortable. Also lightweight, which is a plus for traveling. If you can deal with the lime green these shoes are great.", "Bought these as a gift for my son who already has this same nike flex but in another color.  Obviously a great shoe seeing as he requested same kind but another color. He does choose them for their comfort and not just for the &#34;looks&#34; of the shoe as he is an athlete.", "Those shoes where exactly what I wanted.That's why I ordered them.There is not surprise here...Enjoy them too !", "He really likes his shoes, very light weight and he says very comfortable, would consider another purchase. He highly recommends.", "Bought these as a gift for my grandson, who is in Dental school.  He is on his feet a lot, & says these shoes are quite comfortable.", "This tennis shoes were a gift for my dad, the guy just loved them, they are ultra light and the quality of the product can get better", "These shoes are perfect for running and training, are quite comfortable and extremely lightweight. The shoe colors are as vivid as the photo, draw a lot of attention. Amazing shoes, highly recommended.", "Been working and running in them for the past week or so and they've preformed really well.  They're incredibly light,  you can barely feel them while running.  About the only downside is they don't have the best traction,  I'd recommend them mainly for gym use or street running.", "The Shoe is very light and comfortable.  I also think it is a very good looking shoe.  It is perfect for the gym environment.  I personally would not use this shoe for outdoor running.  I'm very hard on running shoes and I don't think they would last very long.  for how I'm using the shoe 5 stars.  for outdoor running 3 stars", "I consider always is great know when some body is happy with the product, I really like it. Thank you.", "It's ok", "Excellent shoes... very confortable, everithing according to the expected.  Wonderful running shoes, you could not ask for more... nike quality", "I love Nike shoes and this one is very light and match some of my clothes , I recommend this shoes", "Really excited about this shoe. It fits just as expected and I love the color being grey and neon. Its also a very light weight and flexible shoe. My only issue is it has no arch support. My foot actually started hurting because of it and I had to go buy arch supports and now they are perfect.", "The Nike Men's flex shoes are very light weight but still give comfortable support.  I use them for running on a track but I believe they would be suitable for trail running as well.", "Love the style, love its materials made, it came exactly fit, feels good & comfy, running for half an hour & it comforts my feet well.", "These shoes are great. Feel confortable and the air can enter from the front of the shoes you feel fresh while running. Really light and confortable. I will buy 2 more just in case there will be no more like this :)", "Comfy and look great. Very light.", "Choose this rating because the nikey shoes fits me good and I love how they feel that why I give them a good review", "My husband had been wanting a new pair of shoes and when I saw these I knew that he would love them and he does they fit perfect thank you!", "Nice shoes! I wear 10 in nikes perfect fit. They feel good so far. Bought them to run in. We'll see how that goes", "This is a nice looking shoe. It looks and fits great. At first look, my son thought the yellow was too bright, but once he tried it on he loved it.  He may change the shoe string to grey, but it 's a cool shoe and he was happy with it.It arrived quickly.", "This running shoes are very comfortable and light. Perfect for exercising. It comes in a variety of colors. It did fit as expected.", "I bought this for my father, he totally loves it! Totally recomended, I try it once and it is very comfortable!!", "nike is nike.... the best shoes I have ever had... recommended 100 percent, fit as expected. i love them. unique", "The shoes fit fine, and feel really good, they're great for running too.  But they SQUEAK on any smooth surface no matter how you walk.  You can always hear me when I'm in the office kitchen, and they squeak the entire time I'm at walmart.", "My stepson actually bought these for me.  I chuckled because, as a runner, it's a no-no for someone to buy you running shoes.  Certainly would not have been my first choice.  To my surprise, though (and because I'm cheap), I decided to put off buying my next pair of running shoes and try these out one day at the gym.  Really expected NOT to like them.  To my surprise, they're great inside.  They are now my favorite shoe for indoors.  I also recently bought a pair of Brooks Glycerine also.  These are SO much lighter than the Brooks.  Only reason I didn't give them a five is they aren't as great outdoors.  I've only wore them on one outdoor run and they don't give great support for pavement.  They are more of a mid strike shoe too, not as much of a heel strike shoe like a Brooks or basic Ascics.  If you're a more experienced runner, you might like these as they are not a minimalist shoe, but not as fully supportive as some of us need that are heel strikers either.  Feather light.  Made my Brooks feel like weights.", "couldn't find this shoes locally, found on line for a great price$$$ I recommend the shoes because of how light they are and comfortable.", "Just got the shoes tonight and love them. Very soft to walk and run on, I like the color too.", "This is like my 5th or 6th pair great shoes but they look greyish on the computer but they are white white.", "We bought these FLEX nike shoes for everyone this Christmas, and everyone loves them.  Very light shoe, a perfect gift!", "I love love love NIKE now that I got the chance to try them for the first time. As this was my first Nike shoe, and I was so surprised and amazed of the quality, comfort, style. I use these shoes on the go and everyday long walks.", "These are one of the most comfortable shoes I have owned. Light weight and very good fit. The fit is true to size.", "have held up well and still look great after weeks of constant use.  A good, sturdy shoe! Have held up at seams well.", "I sometimes forget that I'm wearing shoes and I think I'm walking on clouds. Great bounce, very comfortable and very light. Excellent shoe.", "These fit great and are lite as a feather!  The color is exactly as it appears on the pic and great style!", "These are really nice shoes and Amazon does a nice job of getting them to you in a timely fashion. I love being able to get clothing online without any trouble to my self and Amazon does a great job of that in this case.", "If you are looking for a versitale pair of shoes for running or training these fit the bill perfectly.", "These are some of the most comfortable sneakers I have bought in a while, being a runner I was worried about the weight from how they look, but are surprisingly light on your feet!!", "I bought these for my dad. He likes light weight yet durable shoes for working out at the gym. These shoes seem to work nicely for him for those reasons.", "I bought these shoes for my son. He said they fit great and are the most lightweight comfortable shoes I ever bought him.", "These were very wonderful shoes.  I use them for cross training.  Very light weight and comfortable.  They've been very durable.  Happy with purchase.", "These shoes are light and comfortable!  I bought them for running but I find myself using them more for running errands!  Why can't dress shoes be this light and comfortable?", "Slippery on a gym court. Otherwise nice. Not good for doing suicide runs back and forth in a gym, but good for jogging", "the shoe is amazing.i love it .light but comfy shoes. iam addicted ti these shoes very good. biu thrb bbnnc", "Wow these shoes are amazing. They fit great. They don't hurt my feet. They are so soft. I highly recommend.", "Lightweight shoes, good for running. I'm not using them yet, but i just checked they came without any detail, so i'm glad.", "Bought them for my boyfriend and he absolutely loves them! He said they fit perfectly although normally he wears a 10.5 and we had to go one size up. They are comfortable and give him the support and comfort he needs while at the gym. He's given them 5 stars without hesitation!", "Shoe is the same as that described by seller, and it is comfortable, very light. I like this pair of shoes. I would recommend to my friends.", "excellent soccer boot for the price. very soft leather, comparable to kangaroo leather. able to have great touch on the ball and nice to finally have a boot with no tongue flap. true to size. first time wearing nike soccer shoes as i have been an adidas loyalist forever.hard pressed to be picking up some adidas boots anytime soon.great boots for those of you playing up front as forwards, like myself...", "Glad to say I'm parting with these shoes today.  Paid $100 for them at an outlet store.  The comfort lasted a week tops. The inside was not made for human feet.  Totally uncomfortable in the arches, therefore had to buy insoles.  Never in my life did I have to buy insoles before.  I believe these shoes caused much foot and leg pain, as well has hip injuries during exercise.  I will never buy Nike again.  Just purchased Reebok Runtones, and feel the difference in my feet already.  NO PAIN!!!!!!!  This is what a shoe is supposed to fee like!", "Very comfortable shoes with great cushioning! They look just amazing and I have bought them in another 3 colors d", "this nike shox looks extremely awesome.............never saw a shoe so nice for the longest while.i won't regret having one.", "this is a very light weight sneaker . great for the gym or just walking around . the look and feel is everything i wanted in a sneaker .", "These are one of the best pair of shoes I have brought.I have foot problems like Plantar Faacisitis and Mortons tumor and they have never hurt my feet.I wear them to work on long days like 12 hours or so.What a great pair of shoes!! Just LOVE THEM", "I was very happy with my purchase. They look very cool in hand and on the foot. Soft, flexible and great for walking. I am thinking about changing out the inner soles for something with extra cushion for running but I generally have to do that with all of my running shoes. Good buy!", "Let me be simple if u r looking x comfortable and a good price this is the one I go to the gym and I have to say when I walk is same thing like no shoes I love my Nike tr fit 3 and I can assure u you'll love them too", "I absolutely love these cross training sneakers.  They were the best investment I made.  My workouts are so much better because I have the proper footwear.  Love them and will be ordering more.", "I crossfit on the regular and i love these shoes!  so does everyone else at the gym.Highly recommended for others.", "I normally wear an 8.5M which is what I ordered.  The fit is like a glove....I don't believe I could wear a  heavy sock with them but since they are a summer color I wear them strictly this season.  They are very light weight.", "Always have been a Nike fan and I love these sneakers. They're not bulky and great for running and walking. They're comfortable and light and the best NIKEs I ever purchased.", "Excellent fit. My 11 year old daughter loves these. She has to have all black for school, and these are perfect. Nike always has a great product and you get what you pay for. Shipping was fast even though we do not have prime.", "i love this shoes fit perfec , i got alot of compliment on it on worknike i love you :)", "They are so light and comfortable. I barely feel like I'm wearing shoes, they are very breathable, and I have gotten so many compliments on them.", "So lightweight and breathable, you'll never understand why you wore anything else. Absolutely love them, worth every penny. You almost feel like you're not wearing sneakers at all!", "I have had soo many compliments every time I wear these shoes-- the colors are awesome. They ran a tad bit big- i probably could have gotten away with a half size smaller but didnt want to wait for another pair. Seller was super fast at sending and I didnt pay for express shipping.", "I love these! They are so comfy and they're cute! My mom even got some because they are so cute! I love wearing these to the gym! Just absolutely AMAZING! :D", "I read a s*** ton of reviews on these shoes and others. Ended up buying these and I love them. Light weight, comfortable, flexible. The perfect work out shoes for me. I also am digging the colors. I bought half a size up from reading other reviews and they're a perfect fit. I do recommend buying half a size up. Can't go wrong with Nike!", "Great for flat feet. Light, quality material...great shoe! I'm a bartender and they're perfect for someone who's on their feet all the time.  Very stylish and durable. Love them!", "when i got these shoes, there was the typical 'nike free' tattoo on the inside where the heel goes. okay. about 3-4 days after wearing it the 'nike free' got rubbed off.. idk if thats because i bought the shoes online or if all the 'nike free' shoes do that, but it got me thinking the quality of buying shoes from these specific ppl (or just online) has been compromised, to give us lower prices or w/e. ANYWAY, the shoes fit and look great, im glad i got these and not any other Nike shoe bc these are reaaalllyyy dirt-resistant, despite the color. LOVE these shoes ^_^", "Good buy if you're using for light activities like walking - would not recommend for jogging.  Overall a good sneaker", "I chose the rating because this shoe is absolutely a comfortable fit! It feels like my feet can breath. I would recommend this show to a friend and or family member. It also matches my outfits.", "I know that we are in August but I don't like to rush on Xmas buys so I heard that my mother in law wanted a new pair of sneakers (she's very active) I said this is my chance.For sure you can find a pair like this @ FootLocker / Finish Line/ Sports Authority for over 100 bucks, but for this one I paid like $70.00 shipped.Color combination looks nicer live rather than the picture.My girlfriend try them and said was a real fit  so hopefully my mother in law will like it.", "Nice! Really good, solid shoe. My daughter lives this shoe. Very comfortable and good looking. I would purchase again. Lots of wear.", "People ask were did you get them, real good price, and quick delivery. With the Nike sign on the side who could go wrong.", "THE FIT OF THE SHOE IS WONDERFUL.  THE LIGHTNESS OF THE PRODUCT IS A JOY.  THE ONLY NEGATIVE I HAVE FOUND IN THIS SHOE IS THE CLEANING ASPECT.  IF YOU HAVE ANY TIPS, THEY WOULD BE APPRECIATED AND SHOULD BE PASSED ON WITH THE PRODUCT", "I loved this tennis shoes, they were everything I expected. They are comfortable and I can easily keep them clean.", "Great workout shoe...very comfortable and fits true to size", "Love these shoes!  They are super stylish and very lightweight!  Love the purple shoeslaces!!  I feel very cool at the gym with these!", "It's good, but there are some light stains in front of the shoes. Around the toes area. But overall, it's good.", "I bought these for my wife and she loves the fit, light weight, comfort and support.  She wears them for every work out and they look smashingly good!", "The shoes came right on time and work wonders! Not only are they comfortable for walking throughout the day, but for weight training as well. They truly are a great investment!", "Thank you for the product was what I expected had sought this type of footwear as very cute and I found it in you enchanted with!", "Fit perfect, came in great condition. Very nice shoe. Brand new out of the box, love them so so much.", "These shoes ran  very big.  No arch support.  I bought insoles and still couldn't feel any support.  They were attractive, just didn't work for me.", "These shoes are so good they are so light and cool to wear, but still absorb any impact during high energy workoutsPeople comment on them all the time", "I love it!! fit just right. n it's super light. feels good on my feet too!! can't wait to break into it! =]-sv", "They where great even when I had to return the idem. They deliver in one day. I recommended this company to my family and friend.", "My son, who is very picky about what his shoes look like, love these.  They are perfect...they fit my taste in a more traditional looking shoe yet fits my sons taste for a more modern stylish shoe.", "My brother wanted to have this shoes as a gift, and I wonder why, they dont look really awesome in this picture shown and I was not sure if he was going to be satisifed, however, once in my hands I can say that if they were my size I would keep them, they look even cooler.", "These shoes are the great!!! The multiple pairs or Shox I have purchased for the most part are very comfy and great looking and well worth the money!!!", "I am very happy with this purchase.It was delivered on time. The product is great, at sight and when you wear it.It is exactly as shown in the picture and very very confortables!", "My daughter uses these to travel to and from her soccer games...they work perfectly. Great fit and very comfortable. Thinking of buying a pair for myself.", "These are my go-to slippers. After the gym, around the house, to the store, any time really. I love these slip ons!", "I ordered my exact size and they came within the time stated. They fit great and I have been wearing them on a daily basis and they have held up great! I am very happy with them!", "I was delighted to fine this sandal as I had shopped in person and was never able to find what I wanted.  This is what I wanted, fits well, and it was received quickly.", "These sandals are a perfect fit , they are very comfy too and I am very satisfied with this purchase", "We love these shoes....been wearing them for years and just needed a new pair....just love them....thank you fir a great purchase", "I bought this slide for two purposes, the slide has more than delivered. I needed a new bath shoe, I got it. I needed a shoe I could keep on beyond the bath, I got it. The best yet, I have not taken them off since their arrival. I sized up from my regular size, as I have MS, my feet tend to swell and I needed the room and comfort the slide offered. I find the shoe to be very comfortable, fitted very well, everyone wants them. Get a pair, you will not be disappointed. I am getting another for back up.", "Comfortable and sporty.  I wear them around the house.  These are a good buy, well worth the money. Highly recommend!", "The only thing that I did not like was the insole. My sons shoes insole were of a different tuxture. but you get what you pay for, other wise they were good", "I like it but there are no cushion for this item. But it looks good and my girlfriend wears it everywhere.", "Hi, i thougth these pair of sandals wouldnt fit on me, cause it seems like they are women size, but no they did ;) and they're amazing and so comfortable. definitely Recommended!!!", "Great design. It looks much better than the pictures. I'ts sturdy and comfortable and goes with everything. A great buy.", "These shoes fit great and are convenient and comfortable.  I was looking for something I could wear with socks on my way to spin class that would be easy to change in and out of.  These fit the bill perfectly.  The only downside for me, and its strictly a matter of personal taste is the swoosh is a bit much - a little to big and bright for me.  If you like that, these are the shoes for you, but next time I'll get the ones without it.", "I love my nike sandals its very comfomtable and i walk all day with them it wont hurt my feet at all !", "Love these slides. They fit me better then any other brand that I've purchased and feel good to walk in too! I definitely recommend these slides and the shipping was fast.", "I love these shoes they are very comfortable. I got the at super shoes for only $16!! They fit right to my feet an I love them. The only con is that when I walk the slides slip off my feet a little and go pigeon-toed. But they are worth it anyways!", "These are perfect. I've always wanted sandals like this. They're really nice to wear when I don't wanna dress up. I'm very happy that I bought them!", "Loved this sandals! Perfect fit and so comfortable, I wear them all day. Will be buying more pairs in the future.", "This was as perfect or even better than what I expected!  Comfortable, fits your foot nicely and I can wear and walk for hours!", "Nike always delivers.  Very comfortable to walk around in or take to the beach.  I use it for basically everything.", "Love my nikes. Fits well, comfortable and affordable. I would recommend these to family and friends to wear to and from the golf course. Easy transition if wear a light weight sock also.", "I LOVE THESE SLIPPERS! i have a lot of different ones from not only nike but jordan, aididas, reabok. I LOVE THSE SLIPPERS THE CARBON FIBER LOOK IS SLEAK AND ATTRACTIVE EXTREMELY COMFORTABLE. THEY DEF RUN A SIZE SMALL. BUT I KNEW THAT FROM PAST NIKE SANDALS. OVERALL AMAZING BUY", "They are comfortable. I would recommend these sandals to everyone. They fit perfectly. I will shop with you again. Thank you", "I love these shoes, I have 3 pair and they are my go to shoe all the time!!! They fit perfect true to size.", "Pretty good shoes. I wear them at school every day. The thing is I am not sure how long they would last me. They are comfortable and easy to walk around in and don't slide off your feet at all. I highly recommend them if you want a comfortable easy-fit slide (:", "Great sandals I have had these type of sandals for years.  I wear them year round. Wouldn't go without them!", "My daughter purchased these sandals herself and practically lives in them.  She says they are comfortable and easy on her feet.  Good selection and price.", "Great shoes that I have been wearing for over 2 years.  Wear well and still look good!  I would recommend Nike products to anyone.", "These shoes look great on.  I like the crisp clean white look of the shoe plus the silver detail.  Very stylish!", "i don't know what happen but my shot got better and moves got more crisp once i put these shoes on.", "These shoes are the most comfortable I have ever worn!I wouldn't wwear them on harsh road as I think you would feel every rock. I wore these on a shopping trip. any shoes I wear on days like that I can't wait to get off, but not these! I realize I got a bargain. They fit true to size.", "this shoe is very light. My daughter is a barista and on her feet the whole shift.Says this shoe is so comfortable.", "Well made shoe with great arch support especially for my son with flat feet.  Great room in the toe box. Will purchase again!", "Ok but now that I've gotten more serious into running, I wouldn't buy Nike anymore for running, but do ends on the person and how it fits your foot. I like Brooks and Saucony better for me.", "Excellent.  Doesn't get much more comfortable!  Best color combo ever made on the Air max 90.  I want a couple pairs but cannot locate any!!", "I've had achilles tendinitis (actually tendinosis)all my life, with it finally slowing me down pretty good after about age 55.  At age 61 I finally found out about barefoot running and googled to find shoes designed to work like the bare foot does.  Nike Free's do this and they seem to work.  Read the reviews at [...] of people who own them.  The version I bought is this one, and it's great, but if you want a different color or something, you might want to pick another Nike Free after reading reviews of people who own that particular version.I'm running and doing more high impact aerobics again without it killing my feet and I credit these shoes with a lot of that improvement.  They are also as comfortable out of the box as any shoe you will ever buy.  I bought two more pair as soon as I saw how much I liked the first pair, so I don't know how long they last.  However, they are the only shoes that work for me so I'll keep buying them until they are no longer available.", "By far I am very happy with these shoes, When I wear them It looks like I walk over grass.", "My daughter loved the shoe as most kids do love NIKE'S. The shoe is comfortable yet it is an exact fit so if you need a little room go up a size.", "These are the most comfortable slides I've every purchased. The memory foam just cradles  my feet, it feels amazing after a long day at work. I would definitely purchase another pair.", "The shoes are very comfortable to wear and you can wear them anywhere.  The3y look cute with anything and the ccolors go with everything.", "This is my second pair of &#34;comfort slides&#34; from Nike. They have new color combos that are fun & playful. Great for summer!", "I cant wait to get home and put these on. They are adjustable and dont have that toe thing like on a thong type. Love these.", "awesome sandal, very comfortable. I needed something comfortable for summer, I usually wear nike sneakers, but I wanted something that would keep me a bit cooler in the very hot weather. These are the perfect sandals for me. They are so comfortable and I love all the colors, I would like to get more. very satisfied with the purchase.", "I normally wear size 9 but I had to get these in size 10, other than that I love them.  Very comfortable.", "Love these sandals! Super nice color combination, and super comfy. Anything Nikeis always good, so if you are interested in good comfortable quality sandal, then I highly recommend to buy.", "Vendor quickly shipped product, I just think that dishes are actually smaller then shown. But the product is great I was able to give as a gift", "I owned my last pair of Nike sandals for 11 years and loved them but they wore out!  When I first put on this pair they were not too comfortable but now after only two or three times of wearing them they are great! They seem to mold to my feet, I wear them all of the time!!!", "The shipper was great quick and great packaging. The sandal is narrow and because of the pillow cushion (which I thought would be wonderful) they are actually hard to stand on. Not at all as comfortable as I thought.", "I love these sporty looking nike slides!! They are sooo comfy with the cushy center aaaahh!! Shopping and walking all over in these are great!! No more sore feet :) they are like walking on air! Fit true to size and great quality material! Love them!", "the strap on this slid rubs on the top of your foot and your foot slips on the foot bed.", "I am so glad I ordered these sandals.  They are very comfortable and sporty.  I would definitely recommend them.", "The shoes are perfect, very comfortable. I recommend this to anyone who wants comfort, sizes are cut U.S. not china.", "This is my 3rd pair of Nike slides.  The first pair wore out in the insole material.  I need the padding and these are very comfortable for my feet and back with arch support.  I do wish the insole was a sueded leather for durability.  Otherwise they wear very well.  I use them mostly indoors.  I really have never seen this red anywhere else.  I bought another pair in black with blue insole.  I may start wearing them outside.  I now have trouble wearing thongs comfortably, so these are much more comfortable.  I love them!", "Its a slide shoe made by nike.  Not much you can say about it.  Its a good fit and its comfortable.", "I have neuropathy........and these sandals are the best fit and the best for my feet.  I do not have to worry about my pain when I where these as they provide cushion and comfort.  I would recommend these to anyone who suffers from neuropathy!", "I have had a pair of these for over 4 years now and love them. I purchased these for my grandaughter.", "My daughter and I love these. They are cushy and flexible. We love the blue with the black. They also form to your foot. Great shoe!!", "What I was looking for comfortable adjustable bought 2 more in different colors for all my girls they love them", "flip flops are so comfy. good fit and they are gel soles that are so soft and comfy. good fit and strap is adjustable and doesn't dig into your foot", "My daughter wanted these Nike slides, she said they are comfortable and loves, but they slide off easily do to the silk like material.", "They are very comfortable but I ordered a size ten and it feels like a size 9 so Ryder one size bigger but overall they are good", "Bought these for my daughter and she is beyond delighted. She has told me numerous times how much she loves the color and more importantly - how comfortable they are. They do run small (she needed a full two sizes up!). She normally wears an 8 and opted for a size 10 (she has maybe worn an 8.5 on other shoes - but never anything bigger, so a 10 was a shock!). I wear a size 7 and I would actually be able to wear these! If you are in question on size - make sure to buy bigger!", "The colors are summery and snazzy and the fit and feel are very comfortable - this is my second pair of Nike sandals which I still wear - they do hold up very well.", "very good quality and fit, comfortable sole with arch support which is important to me.  Love the color as well.", "They are so comfortable and great for around the house! They are my recommended house slippers/slides. They are pretty comfortable and easy to slip right into.", "Was looking for something for the summer that would be comfortable since I have callous on thebottom of my feet. These are great. I wish there were more colors available. I would buy anotherpair.", "Love these sandals.  Wish the strap did not have to be so tight, but after wearing a few days they fit great!", "These are so comfortable and are way better than I expected! They are also so bright in color and I get so many compliments! The shipping was super fast, I got them within 5 days of me buying them! Overall if you are thinking about getting these buy them!", "Great Item for kids with sports.  Kids love to take off athletic shoes and put these on.  They do run small so be sure to order 1-2 sizes larger.  my 10 year old wears a size 7 but we had to return an 8 and get a 9.", "I like these slides a lot. I am on my second pair, and use them as house slippers. The cushioning is very comfortable, and I like the good air circulation around the foot. For closed-toe shoes I usually need a 7.5. But open toed shoes I prefer a 7. I have a narrow foot, so when I can get an open toe, a smaller size works better for me. I did get the 7 and I am happy with it. It's snug, but my foot doesn't slide and the shoe stays on.", "I now own two pairs of these comfort slides and several of the thong style comfort slides, I will not wear any other sandals they are so comfortable epecially since I have no arch in my foot and have back issues, great sandals I love them!!!", "These sandals are super comfortable. I usually wear an 8 or 8.5 but had to go with a 9 I am thinking now I should have maybe even gone with a 10, but regardless, still very comfy and nice style.", "Very comfortable and a well-made slide, with the exception of the velcro which doesn't work very well.  For the money, I would not recommend.", "Love the product but no invoice in the shipment bag? What if I needed to return it? There would be no documentation, was surprised the shipment did not include any paperwork", "I need a pair flip flop to wear indoor,  Very comfortable and I liked the strap is adjustable, just in case some cool days I can wear it with socks", "I really am glad I purchased thise slides.  They are so comfortable.  The footbed is so soft and it makes your feet feel so go when you are wearing them.  I wish they came in a Topaz Blue/Gray, I would buy them!Thank you!", "I couldn't ask for more comfortable slides. I wish I would have bough 2 pair instead of just one. Very nice slides", "it was a good rating. The shoe fit perfect on my feet. I like the color and how the shoe is made.", "I love this sandals so much! They are so squishy and comfy that it doesn't even feel like your wearing shoes! I always get complements whenever I wear them! I am very happy that I bought them and I have absolutely zero regrets at all. I didn't find a single thing that I didn't like about them! And I love the colors too. They are super bright and awesome for spring and summer!", "They are easy to walk in.  the adjustable top strap makes it easy to fit the foot.  I will definitely buy another pair.", "These are so comfortable its like walking on a pillow. The color is very nice and they look exactly like the picture.", "Soft, beautiful, comfortable sandals.  they look really nice on and the padding is phenomenal!  would buy more they are great", "Very comfortable and I love them! Came on time!Now it's getting warm I can wear them!Thank you & might order some for the kids!", "I  bought thes slildes for my granddaughter and she loves them.  The size ran a little small, so I ordered the size 7 even thuogh she normally wears a 6.  They are a perfect fit.  The color is a beautiful blue and they are extremely well made and comfortable.", "These are very comfortable sandals, and the comfort footbed has really helped to relieve some recent pain in my metatarsal area. I also love that the straps are adjustable so I can tighten/loosen as needed. Considering ordering these in other colors too!", "I enjoy these slide on, very comfortable, long lasting slide on. These slide on might be around for a long time. I'm very happy with my choice of slide on.", "I got the shoes for Mother's Day. And she loves them! She wears the shoes all the time, because they are so comfortable.", "I bought these for my girl friend and she says they are somewhat comfortable but very narrow and she has wide feet because of an accident so it didn't feel to secure, the color was nice though.", "These shoes are so comfortable they exceeded my expectations. I only bought them to match a purple summer dress.  I will be buying more and I am not at all a sandal person. Some sandals allow for blisters, but not these ones.  It's like i'm walking on pillows all day long :)  They are also affordable and well worth every penny spent.  The variety of colors are easy to match up with any outfit too.  Both of my daughters ordered some as well, because they love mine so much.  The addidas sandals have a thicker strap making my feet look wider than they should, however the Nike strap is slender making feet appear even thinner than they are. Overall they're a great buy.", "Perfect !  Very Comfortable ! ! These sandals will take me through the summer months ! They are easy to slip on  and ready in an instant to wear,", "the shoe looks good. but I could not wear it because the width was not good.i need a wider shoe.", "Thank you , it's good as I expected. And I wear them after i practice. I'm glad that I brought it :)", "This is one of the best sandals my wife has worn as it made her comfortable and it feels like you are walking on a cloud. Great product and I highly recommend for anyone who gets foot pains.", "I bough these slides for the hot tub area and they work wonderfully. They dry rapidly so are ready for use the next day. Love the color, too.", "I bought these for my mom and she loves them, it fits her just as expected. These slippers are very comfortable and sporty.", "These are comfy for sure, but I don't care for the quality of the sole. I think Nike could do better.", "Very comfortable and cute slides. You can adjust the strap to fit perfectly on you foot. They arrived in perfect condition and on time!", "I have two sets of these.  They are the absolute best sandals I have ever encountered.  The strap is adjustable for secure fit and the sole is padded everywhere.  My first ones have been on my feet daily for 9 months and still feel great.  What a value!", "My BF got this one as he didn't like the man's models.He is normally a size 8 and he is very happy with this one.", "Words can't describe how comfortable these are!  I'm an ER RN so I know I good shoes when I see them!  I love wearing these on my days off and would be great for a trip to Disney which is where we're heading in a few weeks.  I can't say enough about these, they're great.  This is my second pair and I just bought my daughter a pair who's heading to college this fall.  Perfect shoe for walking all over campus! Just a tip to keep in mind, these run small so I suggest ordering a size larger than you normally wear.  Enjoy!", "best ev Due to major back surgery in 2005.  I haven't been able to wear any type of toe separater thong in years, these are fantasic.  Thank you Nike.", "This is the 2nd pair of the same slides I bought, because I love them so much. Great cushioning, feet stay cool and dry, and they are so comfy to walk around in.", "I bought these while on a trip in Vegas.  With all the walking we were doing my usually comfortable Aerosole sandals were just not cutting it.  I bought a pair of these Nike's and wore them every other day that we did a lot of walking and they were incredibly comfortable.  No break-in time required and not even a hint of a blister or soreness anywhere.  These things rock!!  Even more comfortable than my crocs, and I think they are more stylish looking as well.", "By far the most comfortable pair of shoes I have ever had.  The cushioning is so thick and squishy, it's indescribable.  I bought a second pair just to make sure I have an on deck pair when my current pair runs out.  Great sandal.", "TOTALLY AWESOME VERY COMFORTABLE AND I NEED THESE IN EVERY COLOR IMAGINABLE.  IT FITS PERFECT AND IT'S LIKE WALKING ON A CLOUD", "Very good padding which feel really good when you walk a lot. I would recommend for people with sensitive feet.", "I love these flip flops they are so comfy! I do wish they were a little wider as I have wide feet but besides that they are amazing :)", "This is an extremely comfy show. I love a good sandal that I can walk long distance in. This is a must have.", "I love these shoes, this is my second pair. My great dane ate my first pair. I love these so much!", "My mom loves them, it is like a foot bed so she almost never took them offshe is really happy", "I already had a pair I had bought at a mall.  At his was a better price and a good price for Nike. very comfortable.", "I have been looking for this sandal everywhere.  It has been sold out in many stores and too my surprise found my size on Amazon.  Thanks for a smooth transaction, just might order another pair.", "Very cute and comfortable! I wear a 7.5, and bought a 7. They fit just fine, look nice, and you can walk all day in them. Perfect casual wear.", "Cute and fit perfect,", "I get two pair at the beginning of the season every year.  I can walk for miles in them, they are that comfortable.", "I have bought these sandals the last 2 summers, I just love the fit and the comfort!", "Love, love, love the Nike comfort sandal. This sandal is comfortable, stylish,durable and easy to clean. I own several pairs in numerous colors. I highly recommend this product. My best advice, if you see a color you like buy it before it's gone for the season.", "I love these sandals - they are comfortable and fit great - I cant wear the cheap ones as they hurt my feet", "These are the best thongs! I can wear them all day and never have sore feet. If you need a thong that can be worn for walking this is the shoe for you.", "I buy these for my son because they don't make them for boys....he wears a 4 1/2 so I bought a womans 6 and they fit perfectly...and they look boyish..........his friends want some.....", "I have had these before and they are great--i work on my feet and they are comfortable for hours!  they have just enough support.", "I am very pleased with the cute pink thong.  I fit just as expected and they are so comfortable on my feet.  Will defintely buy again.", "Who doesn't love a comfy pair of shoes!?  These are so nice to put on your feet and feel like you are walking on air!  Would love in more colors for the summer months!", "these fit a bit loose.  I have another pair the same size that I bought at a shoe store, and they fit better.  Not complaining though as they are still very comfortable to wear.", "I have quite a few of these in different colors.  I take them everywhere and leave a pair at work. Great comfort, looks good and feels sensational.  Affordable as well.", "I really enjoy them!! They are absolutely comfortable to walk in. I prefer to wear them instead of wearing my tennis shoes.", "Love, love, love these flip flops. They have memory foam in the soles, the strap does not chaffe anywhere on my foot or between my toes, which is why I normally do not wear flip flops. And for the final test, I wore the to Walt Disney world, averaged 7 miles a day for 6 days straight and they held up great and kept me from getting blisters. Loved them so much, I ordered 3 more pairs.", "Never had a sandal/thong that I liked this much.  Totally comfortable.  I have 6 pair in different colors.  Please keep carrying them on your site.", "They are very comfortable.. The color is perfect for me as it is one of my favorites. They will last a long time as most Nike products.", "They were the right size they fit very well and look very nice The color was nice and I liked it very much", "Very comfortable, am actually looking to buy a few more pair, if I can find them at a cheaper price.", "Have 3 pairs now.  Could just live in them all summer. They are well made, very cushioned, look spiffy for thongs.  I have 'problem' feet so comfortable shoes are uber-important to me.  Pricey, but worth it if your feet need TLC.", "I am not sure how many pairs of these I have had, lets just say I get at least 2 pairs every year as they are very comfortable and I tend to wear them 11 months of the year, all the time, everywhere... fun weekends, work, etc!  I even now have friends buying these flip flops!!", "I absolutely love these. They are so comfortable. This will be my fourth pair as I buy one yearly.  This year I am thinking of buying more than one - what if they stop making them?", "These are the best sandals I have ever owned. Word of caution, I purchased a pair from Kohl's that were very inconsistent size wise but I did not return before I wore them too much (my bad).", "I chose Nike thongs for our cruise vacation and wore them everywhere: near pool, at the beach. Love them. Bought another pair for my mom. They are very comfy and well made.", "I found these shoes to be very comfortable and excellent to wear to and from the gym. I have had a previous pair. This was a repeat purchase.", "Great comfy shoe, narrow fit but way too small! I ordered these for my mom who is a size 9. I tried them on myself and I am a size 7 and they fit me!", "These  are the best flip flops I have ever had!  these are very comfortable. I  want to buy  every color", "These are the MOST COMFORTABLE flip flops I have ever worn.  In fact, I will wear nothing else since I've gotten used to them.", "I love these! Nike Comfort Thongs are the most comfortable flip flops I've ever worn. The footbed is very soft and cushiony. They stay on my feet very well and they are comfortable to walk in for a long time. I have two pairs (black straps/black footbed and light blue straps/silver footbed). I bought my regular size and the fit is perfect for me. In the past I haven't felt flip flops were comfortable enough for a lot of walking, but I wore these most of the time during a recent San Francisco and wine country vacation with no problems. I have a fairly high arch so a lot of sandal type shoes don't provide enough arch support for me, but these are sooooo comfortable. It's unusual for me to buy two colors in the same shoe, but I couldn't pass up the great comfort in this style. Thanks, Nike!", "This is my second pair of these Nike Thong Sandals and I just love them.The first pair I wore out and when I got these new ones I had forgotten how cushy they are.Highly recommend.", "Have several pairs of these and love them!  Very comfortable and they wear well!  I still have several pairs from last year that are in good shape.", "Shoes fit great. Soft soles and comfortable to walk in.", "I love this thong. I had a pair before, so I knew what to expect. Very comfortable and supports the arch.", "Ok. this is the second year i've bought these awesome sandals but seriously. they run tiny.  Maybe its more narrow than anything but i wear a 9/9.5 and i had to get them in an ELEVEN.  My toes don't sit together when I walk, they kind of spread out i guess? but my little toe was just barely hanging on in the 10s.  Try them on or be prepared to return them if you buy true to size.  They are the most comfortable thong on the market, IMO. :)", "This thong is fantastic.  I bought two pairs so that I'll have one when this one wears out years from now.  Cushy sole, very comfortable fit.", "Great shoes", "I am very pleased with this sandal.  It is holding up really well and I have worn it a LOT.  Very comfortable.  Worth the money.", "So comfortable and love the look! I'd like to buy it in every color available! The cushioning makes for a great shoe!", "They are very smooth so they don't stay on my feet comfortably, however they are great for my back and glad I purchased them.", "Sandals were extra comfy and fit well definitely a great purchase will recommend sandals to others made a great gift", "If you want a COMFORTABLE and cute pair of flip flops this is it.  You won't want to ever go back to non-padded flip flops again.  I have a pair of these in every color they offer.  I bought a similar style from Under Armour, which cost more, but weren't nearly as comforatble.", "They fit perfect, just like I expected & so comfortable!  This is my second pair & I plan to buy more!!", "Flip flops are all I wear in the summer. These shoes are so comfortable! I love the gel feeling. The part that goes between your big toe and second toe does not rub. Great shoes.", "Buy them every year! Very comfortable! Great for someone like myself who needs the extra support for their ankle! Not walking on flat surfaces! Gives that extra cushion! Shipping was great!", "LOVE these!!! True to size. So much I have them in 5 different colors and they all feel amazing. They have a memory-gel like footbed that accommodates your footies. I wear them everywhere. They machine wash easily, then air dry them. Wear them to the beach,running errands and Ive been caught in the rain and NO problem!!This is a well made sandal. Ive even ran in them though I would not suggest that. Buy them, you'll love them!  ( hot pink/blk are my faves)", "I absolutely love Nike sandals! The memory foam is so comfy! Best fit of any sandal I have ever tried on.", "I think the color is pretty however i would have selected a different color if i had known the color was such a bright orange, i was hoping for a more subdued orange, but still a nice comfortable shoe.", "Good quality and are very comfy sandals.  Ordered the pink color and it is very pretty, very happy with purchase.", "I am on my fifth pair of these shoes. They are perfect. Comfortable for weekend wear, and I save the old pairs for around the house shoes.", "I have worn these before and am happy with the fit .They are super soft and comfortable..I wear them almost everywhere.", "My favorite pair of sandals I've ever worn, by a long shot.  Comfortable AND stylish!  Extremely durable as well. Highly recommended.", "These valances are excellent quality and heavier, not light and flimsy like some I have seen. I had to change my order and they had extra courteous customer service and quick delivery!", "Excellent fit.  The soft gel cushion provides comfort all day long. Great product from nike. This is my first pair but will not be the last.", "these are the best flip flops ever! The are pretty and sooo comfortable. Lots of colors available too! I'm likely to buy more colors now!", "I love Nike thongs.  I had purchased a pair 2 years ago and have enjoyed them so much , I bought another pair for fear they would be discontinued, guess that speaks for how much I have enjoyed them  MS", "These are the most comfortable thongs ever.  I can even jog in these thongs.  I have two pairs of these I wear them all summer long.", "These are a must have for the summer wardrobe!! They are cushy comfortable and flashy......Love 'em! The Nike still follows the &#34;runs a smidge small&#34; so get a size larger than you normally wear.", "I bought these sandals about 4 years ago and they are still going strong.  I bought them because I was having some foot pain and these helped tremendously.  They are so comfortable and durable.", "These thongs are comfortable & reaonably priced. I love these thongs! Im getting a pair in each color. The price is hard to pass up.", "Comfortable...while it lasts. The memory cushion wears out after 3 months of continuous use.  This product is ok, not the greatest.", "She's only had them a few weeks, so it will be interesting to see how well $50 flip flops hold up.  I'll post again after they get a good workout.  :-)", "Just finishing up my second summer with my first pair of these and I may need to replace them because they're starting to wear out; however, they're the best flip flops I've had.  I have flat feet and am a triathlete.  When I run, my feet are always very sore... these are very soothing.  Even better than bare feet because the padding inside sort of babies my arches.  The fabric under the big toes is starting to tear away now, but to be fair... I wear them almost EXCLUSIVELY, when I'm not wearing my running or cycling shoes (or barefoot).  Many times, I'm wearing them with wet feet because I swim a lot too, and I think that causes my toes to pull on the fabric a bit more and has weakened it (again - after two full summers).  Definitely worth the $30.I'm not a huge fan of Nike running shoes, but their flip flops and apparel are definitely among my favorites.", "The fabric on the bottom wore out after a few times of use and they became very dirty. I tried to wash by hand and they never came clean and they fabric tore everywhere.They are great fitting and so comfortable but they need to use a better and more durable fabric on the bottom.", "These nike flip flops are so comfortable on the feet and they never give u any pain..I bought 4 pairs In different colors  so that should tell you something a must have and a must buy 5 stars!!!!", "Good looking sandal and very comfortable. I normally wear 8 1/2 in slippers and the 9's fit well. Good buy. Highly recommended.", "Shoes are exactly as they appear in picture.  Very nice and comfortable.  However they run small.  I ordered a 8, because that is what I wear and I had to return them for a 9.", "I LOVE these shoes!!!  This is the 4th pair I have owned.  I buy a new pair every summer.  They are perfect for walking around anywhere.", "I love the sporty look and comfortable feel of these flip flops. A+ from this teacher. Have a nice day!", "The most comfortable footwear I've ever purchased! Period. The moment I set foot in it 8 months ago until this day, (worn them each and every day), I have been in love with this pair. They are so comfortable I don't feel like coming out of these. So much so that I've bought the ice blue ones as well. The pink is exactly as shown in the picture (flashy!) but most of it gets covered underfoot. Fits like a glove.", "These are my favorite sandals ever. I own 3 pairs in different colors. Very comfy, well made. I will buy these again.", "the flip flop is very comfortable.  the sole feels lovely, but while walking the sole has too much slip.  I can't stand walking in these flip flops. the sole of the flip flop is made of some kind of fabric that is just too smooth for a flip flop.", "These sandels are super compy! I went shopping all day and my feet felt fabulous! I love them, I will be buying another pair!", "Love these flip flops...most comfortable sandal I have tried. Great quality and price. Highly recommend. I bought them in several colors.", "These are the best sandals I have ever had! They are amazingly comfortable because of the cushioned footbed. And they look great!", "I love the color of these and how well they feel on my feet, will buy them again when I need more", "I bought these shoes after a friend of mine had them on and loved them.  I read the other reviews and bought a size larger than I normally do and they fit great!  The gel makes them especially comfy and haven't had any issues with them at all.", "I chose to buy these shoes through Amazon, because there were more color selections than the stores I've tried.  I got the pink and fluorescent yellow.  They fit great and are unbelievably comfortable.  I wear them everywhere.  I had a pair prior to these that literally lasted 5 years.  So they are d durable and cute.  You may be able to find them slightly cheaper in stores, but fir the convenience of having them delivered to my door a the color selection, this was worth it to me.", "I love these sandals. These are my second pair. My foot is wide and these fit perfect.  I would recommend.", "these are my go to shoes every day when I am outside .  They are so comfortable  and I love them!", "Durable and comfortable. True to size. I use mine in the house and can't wait to come home to put them on.", "First let me say that I did not purchase this product through Amazon. I found them on sale at Shopko for less than I have seen them anywhere else. That aside, these thongs are the most comfortable I have ever owned. After reading through many of the reviews here, I was concerned that I might not get a good fit since several people complained about them running small. I usually wear an 8, but can sometimes wear a 7 1/2. However, rather than be disappointed in an online purchase, I decided to try them on before buying. I first tried an 8, which was comfortable and fit fairly well. I almost bought those, until I tried the 9. They were even more comfortable and gave me about an inch behind my heal and my toes in the right place. So I ended up buying the 9 and am very happy with them. Very, very comfortable....almost like wearing my most comfy slippers. The worse part was trying to decide what color I wanted....I wanted them all! I ended up with the brown ones since I live in the country and figured brown would hide the dirt better. I highly recommend these thongs.", "I love these thongs I just wish they were a little more narrow. I have that problem with most shoes though.", "These are so comfortable and the pink is bright and attractive !  The cushion in the sole is a nice thing that you don't get in many sandals !", "I just love them they are so great the best Sandals I have ever had, will but another color when the price go down a little.", "I purchased a pair of these comfortable sandals over 2 years ago, and was in need of a new pair.  They are wonderfully comfortable!", "My daughter and wife simply love them! They use them intensively, under those circumstances they lasted around 2 years. They are on their 2nd pair and love remains strong.My wife started running and she actually love to rest her feet in them. I don't think they are expected to get wet though.", "I loved the cushy feel but had a problem with the velcro staying secure unless I wore the shoes looser than I prefer.", "I love my Nike sandals! They are super comfortable. Best purchase ever!!", "There great.  Actually this is my second pair of these.  I wore the others out (took almost two years).  These did give me a blister but I bent the strap so I don't think that will happen again.  They are incredibility comfortable.", "I love these shoes, I have had one pair for two years and they're still going strong after being worn a lot. I've gotten four more pairs after the original, they are great for summer", "The feel and color of the tank is great.  Good quality too.  Good for all my work out needs.  Nike did a good job!", "I bought this for my granddaughter.  We received it for the first VT game in 2010.  She looks great in it.", "she liked the shoes other than the arch being a little off the color is great and the flexability  is great", "thank you very much satisfied with the product received, very reliable.'ll buy their products next Used.Thank you very muchThank you very much", "These are nice shoes and have good grip to the floor. They are a little heavier then I initially thought but that is ok with me. Like the straps for really securing your feet. I had bought from Eastbay with a 20% off coupon I found searching through google so I feel the value that I paid for them is legitment. A Basketball shoe that supports your ankles, is comfortable and provides good gription is all you need.", "I always wear this style of sneaker. It is fantastic to avoid back pain if you stand alot. I can't wear women's shox because the toes always pinch so these are perfect!", "My son couldn't wait to wear them. Perfect in sizing, comfort & price.  He is the BIG MAN ON CAMPUS NOW(elementary school)!  LOL", "I bought these shoes in 2010 and still wear them to this day. great product and service. i would recommend.", "these classics deserve a standard 5 star rating as i love the color and the style and the fact me and my son always buy these shoes", "This is a great addition to my already large selection of shoe. A bit on the pricey side but no regrets. It met all my expectations.", "I chose this rating because I am very pleased about the product. I like the shoes because they were given as a present to somebody especial for me. She was delighted with them.So, I recommend to make business with Amazon because this enterprise is very serious dealing with people.", "Wonderful shoes, my wife loves them, says they are much lighter than her last pair of Nike's. She has been very happy with them and the new shoes took over 3 minutes off her four mile time.", "Bought these elsewhere,  because the size range was limited at Amazon,  but I'm so happy with them,  I thought I would review it anyways.I walk a lot and was developing all sorts of foot problems,  but my real problem was that my previous shoes were old and had lost their bounce. These shoes are light,  super comfortable,  supportive and well cushioned.  And now all my foot problems have disappeared.  It's important to replace your shoes before you start having aches and pains or the bad shoe will exacerbate them!  I ordered 3 different pairs of shoes, with the intention of returning two of them,  (I'm a wider size and you can't always find a decent selection in a store) and found that these were the most comfortable and then to my delight realized that they were the cheapest as well.  So these are excellent value too.  I got them in the silver with bright blue swoosh and laces,  and like the look of them as well as the feel.  A very happy customer.", "Lite, comfortable, stylish, love them. I'm getting one pair for my daughter, I'm looking for a color she would like.", "They are really comfy and they are perfect for running. I use them every time I workout. I love these shoes.", "Love the wide toe bed in these shoes.  Very comfortable, even with special inserts in them! I love that they are lightweight as well.", "Have 5 pair of Nike Flex Experience.  Different colors!  I walk a lot and have high arches and these shoes are the most comfortable I have ever worn!!!", "These shoes were a gift for my very picky niece. She loved these pair of Nike shoes. Comfortable + Fair Price.", "This is a great cross training shoe. This company is good to work with. My shoes arrived exactly when they said and in good order. I just don't know if I saved any money doing it this way.....", "I got them On timeAnd they fit perfectThank you very much i really aprecciate have a nice day", "These are so comfortable and roomy.Nice lightweight fit.Great color.Excellent for running.Love the way they feel.Would order again..", "These are great shoes. They fit exactly as though I had walked in the store and tried them on.  Very comfortable.", "very good product satisfied it was what I expected, I'll take into account another purchase thank you very much. bye", "I love these shoes so much, they're super cute and the color was brighter and better than I expected. So cute! They fit perfectly.", "Very comftarble! love the colors. Great for working out and just wearing on a daily basis. The quality is great!", "Love the color and the fit is true to size. Just enough support without them being too stiff. Gonna buy them in another color.", "I like them they light weight but i was looking for something slimmer on the foot not so bulky. But i am a size 7 and 5'1 so maybe that's why. Nice shoes but just looking for something a little different.  Great price though.", "This shoe fits perfect I am a 8.5 and ordered a 8.5  couldn't be better, it's light weight and comfortable did not regret buying it", "I think the fit is pretty close to what I expected, maybe a TAD larger. It's a nice roomy shoe. I usually wear a 9, maybe a 9.5 depending upon the brand. These are really comfortable, and the colors look great.", "These shoes make 10 miles seem like 2. You will fly by in these. Love them to death and will buy more.", "I love the running shoe because it is very light and my right knee hurts from overuse of my body. I have been teaching 20 years of fitness classes and also personal training. Great price too!", "It looks just like it shows in the pictures. I was hesitant at buying them at first because I wasn't sure of the shoe size. I got 6.5 and it fits great. It feels great to be running in these :D", "i like them ...the only thing i find is that it has a lot of give and sometimes i want more support for the front of my foot..but otherwise...good snearker", "It fits perfectly, it's light in weight and they are comfortable. They are defiantly worth the by thank you! :)", "They are gorgeous and fit perfectly!  Shipping time was crazy quick too!  I LOVE these shoes.  They are really light but have great arch support at the same time, which is kind of hard to find.", "Pleasantly surprised with the shoes comfort level & fit.  Love these shoes! Best purchase from Amazon.com yet. 5 stars. Awesome!", "Fix perfect very comfortable I bought some snickers before but I like this one better Nike make very comfortable snickers", "Fit perfect I'm satisfied", "I really love this shoe so far!  It fits my whole foot while still leaving some space for the ball of my foot and my toes to have some movement as I work out. The shoe is light, but I did a plyometric workout in them, and they felt supportive and cushiony.  I have relatively high arches, and this shoe is great for them.", "I love these shoes!I had a very hard time finding these shoes in my size and was extremely happy when I could find them :)They are very comfortable and fit true to size.High quality construction.", "This is a very comfortable sneaker that fits true to size. Anyone looking for a comfortable running shoe should invest in these.", "I love these shoes. Just what I was hoping for. Light and comfortable. Plus the company I ordered them from got them to me earlier than I had asked. Shoezoo....... you rock", "Material felt cheap and they had no sort for running.  I run 3to4 miles at a time about 4 times a week.  This site was not going to be enough support", "My mom loved them, the color is nice and bright. Hopefully they will still be comfortable in a few months when broken in.", "I am a nurse and on my feet all day long.  These are the most comfortable runners I have found to date!!! Light and great arch support.", "These are a good and comfortable pair of tennis...there cute but the material isn't worth what you have to pay for..but I would recommend to a friend because they are light on your feet.", "This shoe fits true to size. Finding the right running shoe for you is a personal thing, for everyone's opinion varies greatly.I have always worn nike running shoes and love the brand. My previous nike shoes are 5 years old and completely worn through, so I was in the market for another light weight shoe.This shoe is super light on my feet and fairly comfortable. I jog 5 miles a day and have had this shoe for a week now.1.The laces are cheap and untie easily so they must be double knotted.2. The tread is flexible and comfortable but they do get pebbles stuck in between.3. My heels are getting blisters but I am hoping the shoe is just getting broken in and that will subside.4. The shoe doesn't offer a ton of cushioning so I am anticipating replacing them sooner than later.This shoe is worth the price if you are looking for something affordable. It's a light shoe and good for my workouts but not the best nike show I've purchased. I'm content with keeping the shoe and getting my use out of it but I will purchase a different shoe when the time comes.", "i love shoes!!! They are very comfortable and they came right on time and they look just like the pic. Thank you!!!", "I like it very much,and really worth to buy, but this is a gift for my friend. She will like it.", "I love these shoes. This is actually the 3rd pair I have purchased. They are a great cross training shoe. I would normally wear a size 10 but had to get a 9 1/2 in these shoes.", "These shoes will be great for someone who has wide feet. I tend to swim in these. They are however true to size. Light weight but cheap feel.", "I purchased these for my sister for Christmas. Fits great, runs true to size. Comfortable to wear. All-around a great pair of sneakers.", "Fit just as I expected.  I often have discomfort with new shoes.  These felt great and fit well.  Would get again.", "My daughter has Sever's Disease.  This shoe accommodates her orthotics well and she finds them very comfortable on her heels.  It is lightweight so if you are looking for a sturdy sole, then always go with Asics.  However, if you have orthotics, then this is not an issue.", "They were a little large. I normally wear a 7.5 in shoes, but I could gotten a 7 and they would have fit better. They are very comfortable and they look great too. I am very pleased with them.", "Love these sneakers. Kind of pricey, but worth it. Very comfortable taking into consideration that I have very wide feet. Very flashy looking, love the old school Nike crack print. Great buy!", "A very user friendly watch that is ergonomic and visually pleasing. Extremely light weight watch that allows me to stay within the time margins for completing execise sets. I also like the fact the audible beep is loud enough to be heard (on the hour) but not annoying. Thanx.", "I am a man and ordered this watch online.  I previously had the same watch and liked it so much that I ordered another one after I lost the first one.  When this 'unisex' watch arrived, it was clearly smaller and thinner than the version I had before.  It is definitely made for a woman's wrist.  I did keep it since it was just for running.  The band barely fit using the last hole.  The battery on the new watched has now died and I think I will replace the watch with something bigger.The memory functions and pace settings were the features I like best.  You can set different pace times for each 'lap' and it will store 20 or so runs.  That way you can track your runs over time.", "Very nice sport watch. Attractive, substantial, and functional. The wife loves this little jewel. Only con is hourly beeper is not very loud.", "I purchased this watch for my daughter's 17th birthday. She's very active in track and field. What a hit - she loves the watch and wears it all the time.  Very sleek design, accurate time and light weight. I purchased the gold color watch.  She's not easy to please, but is very satisfied. I've bought her watches in the past and they just sit in her jewelry box. Not this one! Great for a busy student on the go. Can't beat the price and shipping was very quick.", "Great oversize sporty sport watch. The typeface for the time is bold and super easy to read. Push Indiglo button and Wow!, super easy to read in the dark. I like the band and buckle and the little loop gadget that keeps the end of the watch band from being loose. Fun watch. Nike should design this with many more color options.", "Perfect watch for multiple uses, has interval and cron settings which are fairly easy to us. I wish nike still made watches like it. Although it can become difficult to change the battery when needed. Its a overall good buy!", "It doesn't have the heart monitor function and this is the only negative thing about it! It's a really beautiful piece! It's functional, has dual time, dual alarm, chrono, etc, etc, etc... I bought it for my wife and she loved it!", "I bought this watch as it was cheap and brand named and was looking for a watch that you can set two time zones, it ticks all my boxes!", "I got the item very promptly, it was in perfect condition with tags and box, and it retails for about $80 and I paid $35 for it! Fantastic! I wear it every day and I get compliments often, great for working out/ athletics", "little bigger size, but I like it. Good quarity.Easy to use. i recomend it. it stand out my watch!!", "I'm a new runner and really just wanted a water/sweat resistant watch to help with my timed runs.  This watch is not too heavy on my wrist, is easy to read (and I'm blind w/o my glasses), is good quality, and a great price.", "This item was sent promptly, and in appropriate packaging.  The quality of the material is comfortable, great price, and it looks great.  I will buy from this company again", "I'm used to great running shoes costing over $100, so I was leary when purchasing these shoes.  I'm a high arched, neutral distance runner, and I love this shoe. It has a really wide toe box which means happy toe nails after a long run.  The cushioning is a lot softer than my other distance shoes.  I don't know if that makes the cushioning less durable, time will tell.  But at the price you pay for these even if they don't last as long you still get your money's worth.  They are also very light weight which makes you forget they are there.  These shoes breathe really well which reduces the number of blisters after a long run.  I always wear a 6.5 narrow in running shoes, bought these in a 6.5 regular width, and they fit me great.", "I bought these to replace the sketchers shape-ups I have been wearing to work.  I work 12 hour shifts at a hospital.  Good shoes are a must.  So far these are very comfortable.  They came packaged and on time as promised.  I go through a pair of tennis shoes just about every six months.  If these make it to three months and are still comfortable I will order another pair just like them!", "These are very pretty and comfortable shoes.  Just not what I expected.  Part of the leather is shiny patent leather, which I did not want, so I returned them.  Otherwise good shoes", "I don't know why these are so cheap but I paid like 180 for them. Most people probably don't even know about them but they are a good shoe. I also like the risto's.", "I was very surprised at how much I loved these. The pic did not do them justice.... They are very attractive..", "This shoe looks good, people liked it, but they are kind of too bug, i didnt expect it to be this big, they make your feet look long,", "These sneakers are really nice. They look durable in both way as in the outsole as in the upper, and that is important when having kids. I hope to find in another big sizes to give it to my nephews.", "my grandson really enjoyed these shoes they were very comfortable and were perfect for him while playing basketball during the season", "My Grandson loves them.  This is his second pair of this type of boot.  Great for inclement weather.  Amazon had them at a good price.", "It is a great boot, except the outsole wear out too fastI have problem with my knee. I need to have air bubble Nike boot.", "these boots look and fit good and are comfortable.  The loss of a star is because the laces get shredded quickly on the top two sets of lace hooks.", "Bought Goadomes last year and a brown pair of Goaterras this year along with these. Great fit, super comfortable. I polish mine once every week or two. Only kind of boot I buy is Nike boots.", "the boots are great! comfy and all... the only problem was one of the boots came with a huge gash across it-like soomeone used a boxcutter and lightly gased the entire boot.", "Great fitting Quality item, cool and water resistant to 4&#34; no brake in needed they should last a long time.", "I work in a very hot climate. I love the look and feel of them. The real test wil be when temperatures spike over 100 degrees. They are super comfortable with orthotics as well. I wish Nike made a women's boot in this model. It ran true to size. I wear a 9 in ladies shoes and purchased a 7. So far... so good!", "I bought  these as a gift for my 14 yoa son. He said they were exactly what he wanted. They run true to size.can dress them up or down. Either way my son is happy and so am I . Thanks.", "\"Dey Aight\" LOL I'll stick with the higher priced Goadome with the front air soles, these are ok, I like the scuff proof around them. They run kind of small, you may want to get a larger size than normal.", "Nice shoes.Excellent value.Yes they are authentic (for those of you wondering)!I bought them a 6 in boys since I am an 8 in women, but they were too too big for me.  They fit me like a mens 7.  Wasn't a big issue; I just passed them down to my daughter.", "This shoe size is very suitable for my son, he was wearing jogging, and to show his friends, very good. For NIKE shoes are very suitable.", "Not only are the shoes great, they were a awesome price.  I ordered them on a Monday night and received them on a Friday of the same week.", "Awesome shorts. Great fit and very comfortable. It is very breathable which I like. A bit on the expensive side tho", "Very comfortable, stylish, and long for my 6'3 height.  If you are looking for good golf-type shorts or just casual good looking black shorts, these are them.", "love the shoes.  they arrived in the exact condition as promised.  and lightening fast delivery!  thanks!", "Shoes arrived very quickly,and it's nice!I like it's color!I'm very satisfied with your service!I will also shopping again!", "The material doesn't feel like leather as advsertised, they seem cheap. I should have gone for the more expensive shoes. However does hold the Nike Plus tracker very comfortable, i just don't like the quality of the outer material", "Very comfortable and soft shoes, they are really made for walking long distances... I have nothing to complain about them, they are just perfect and they fit appropiately.", "I ordered a pair of Nike air Swingman baseball cleats for men.It is hard to find a size 16 wide but the task was easily handled on Amazon.com.The Nike cleats arrived in 3 days ahead of schedule.They were as advertised. The cleats were very comfortable and easy to break in.They offer great traction and support without that bulky feeling.The  Nike cleat design and color makes them very popular amongst players.It is the only name brand I know of, that runs true to size.I would highly recommend Nike Cleats purchased through Amazon.comIt was a very smooth and effortless transaction.R.", "The fit was good.... These shoes were even more comfortable than I expected them to be... Great purchase... I recommend them", "this is my third pair of these, they're great. Very comfortable, and people always comment on them for some reason no matter what color I'm wearing. They're a touch pricey, but they're the cheapest on here, I think they're worth it.", "This sports bra is great. Nike makes good quality products. The only thing is that I thought it would be like the last zipper front bra from Nike that also has adjustable straps on the back for increased support for those of us ladies with a lot going on up in front! All in all, a good product. Would buy if I were you, or try to find the one I'm talking about. ;) :P", "The fabric is very stretchy, so if you do anything more than, say, walking, the fabric gives and it's like you're not wearing anything at all. I've seen reviewers say it's great for recovery from surgery or lounging on the weekend, but if you need support for high-impact activities, this isn't it. Also, the zipper is difficult to work and chaffed my skin, even when I wore it around the house.", "This is a great sports bra. Snug enough and made with a thicker material. The front zipper remains in place. Some other front zip sports bras I have become &#34;unzipped&#34; during the workout.", "This bra offers good support for high impact sports.  I like that it has a front zipper so it is easy to put on and take off.", "Looks great and fits like a glove. I love the front closing. So easy to put on and get off. Great colour.", "This was shift for my wife and she loved it ... And impressed that I was listening about getting it for her:-)", "I bought these shoes because my old golf shoes were falling apart and these are great. It makes me wonder why I waited so long to get new ones. These shoes were so comfortable that I would want to wear them around all day when I wasn't golfing. The downfall to the product is the full retail price but since I got them here for about half price I feel I that I didn't over pay.", "When you take the time to calibrate correctly, the Nike+ sport band 2 works great. Holds a charge well and sweat does not seem to be a problem.", "These shoes are some of the most comfortable I have ever had. Stylish enough to use for dress occasions. Highly recommend!", "These shoes are meant for distance runners and sprinters. I ran long distance and ran a sub 5 with these shoes in the 1600. You have to be a fast runner to use these shoes because there isn't much cushioning in the heel since you tend to stay on your toes most of the time when you run fast. If you run anything more than a 1600m with these shoes your shins and knees will suffer a lot. These shoes are VERY LIGHT WEIGHT...VERY. Durable and breathable.The design in very good and definitely catches runners attention. Good shoes and worth every dollar. Run Strong.", "Feels great. I was a 325lbs jogger and they hold up nicely. Im now a 300lb jogger because they are so comfortable to jog in.", "Perfect fit and great price from rock Bottom golf. Surprisingly their prices are way lower than the current market price.The glasses have a perfect fit, great coverage and are super light.Hopefully they last long. My first running pair!", "Excellent sun/sport glasses. Nice value for money. Includent another couple of nice lences.", "This is the 3rd pair of Nike Free's I have owned. I tried to buy another brand of shoes from a store in my area but they weren't as comfortable. This was a great buy!! The price was right, shipment was fast, beautiful shoes!!!", "Great shoes!!! Beautiful, comfortable & get price. What else could you ask for. I'm a sneaker head, trust me!! Get a pair!!!!!!", "I have had these shoes for a while now and they still look brand new. I love the colors and the stars.", "MY SON LOVES THESE  SHOES, THE COLORS ARE BRIGHT , ARE NICE AND FITS OK , WE ARE VERY HAPPY", "Bought these for my son for an indoor soccer program that was on a basketball gym floor.  He loved them, said they fit well.  He also had better grip than the kids who just wore regular gym shoes.", "Great shoes......... Perfect fit and cushioning......... I just run the Quitos 10k great feeling with them...", "The shoe fit perfect. Looks great with jeans and or shorts. Will take a little breaking in but thats expected with every new shoe. I would recommend this to a friend.", "Amazon offered a great deal.  Would not run in any other shoe.  Have owned a number of Nike's over the years and presently on my fifth pair of Shox.", "Loved the shoe and the fit. The price was pretty good as well. I couldn't find this shoe in the store at the time so it was nice to have the option", "Great product, high quality, perfect fit. I would recomend this product. Delivery was on time, no problems at all with this product", "Every thing was as I expected I recommend you to buy in this store the nikes were excellent thanks you", "There great shoes but not the actual size they set out to be I order my size 8.5 but it seems in those shoes I need a bigger size", "Took me like three days to broke them in, and I got blisters! LOL! But after that I can run without them on, when I run I step hard, so this shoes really had help me a lot! Luv them!", "Everything was great", "I've always liked Nike and this is another great shoe. It is very comfortable and something I like to walk around the city in.", "I love Nike Shox sneakers, they are very hard to find, but they are great for my needs.  I walk in them, run in them and every now and then, i wear them for the day, very comfortable.", "I loved the shoe it was just too big I tried to swap them out but it was not an option thank you for your business, will look to shop with you in the future", "I returned these because they were too small. I'll give them four stars anyway because I have a lot of experience with air shod. They are normally a comfortable shoe with good stability.", "Fit and quality is just as I expected.  These are the only Nike products I consistently  purchase.  This style of their shoes and I like their watches also.  Both Awesome products.", "This is the 2nd pair of Nike Shox NZ I purchased for my son. Very easy to clean, great support and fit.", "They really fit Perfect, Quality is very good, as to be expected with Nike. Color is rich and classy and can be worn with jeans.", "Nike Shox Nz have been the best Gym shoes compared to any other athletic shoes period! This is my 6th pair of Shox & 2nd pair of Nz and for a reason. The fit is perfect due to it's construction and the inner sole is so comfortable that you'll never have blisters again no matter what kind of activity your into. The Nike shox nz have a wide fit giving me extra stability when working out, running, & even crossfit training compared to all other sneakers i've owned. All these statements are based on my opinions & i bet you'll agree as well after owning a pair!!!", "Brazil - Gramado - Rio Grande do SulI love products of nike, comfortable shoes, even with the price a little high, it is simply and beautiful, no extravagant colors that is normally nike, European style. do not think twice buy it", "Excellent shoes especially did the money.  They feel great on and look fantastic.  You will not be disappointed with this purcase", "Love shoxs and thay always fit the same. Great color too. good support for the knee as far as shcok on the knee when jogging.", "My sons foot is growing faster than I can keep up with.  I ordered these shoes because my husband likes his so much.", "Extremely comfortable, these sneakers feel like you are wearing a glove on your foot. They allow your feet to breathe and are extremely stylish.", "..get what ur size is.  i went 1/2 size bigger & wish i didn;t....otherwise, great shoes for decent price all things considered", "you have to buy a size bigger than you get your other shoes, other than that this is great looking, comfortable and stylish shoe.", "There are good I loved I bought two pairs of them and i love both pairs I might buy another pair soon", "Awesome fit love the shoes if you want to get awesome shoes that fit great then get these shoesBest shoes ever", "Nice shoes are the only shoes i wear as far as running shoes go.  Like the eay they look and feel.", "I like them, But I was expecting them be awesome, I got size 11 but they were tight in the front.", "Very nice design, perfect fit and really confortable to play with. I will definitely recomend this shoes to anyone who plays indoor football on regular bases", "Perfect product,  best relation between cost and quality.  Nice weight and you can shoot really nice and hard.  I hope they last at least 3 years.", "Well the item is really comfortably nice material. I'm normally an 8 1/2 but i ordered a 9 and it feels great! Well in my opinion it does cause I dislike my indoors tight..", "those where for my son  and he say &#34;are really nice ...size was perfect&#34;...color and all is okwe can buy this again", "The shoe is perfect for soccer practice and the colors are amazing, I am satisfied with the purchase. thank you very much", "(Just to clear this up, I am James Brown's daughter.) I have a narrow foot and these fit perfectly! They are very comfortable, and have a great color combo. They are my favorite out of all the other Nikes I have bought in the past. I do normally wear a sz. 8 and I bought a sz. 8.5. I didn't buy mine from Amazon, I bought mine from a retail store. They were WAY CHEAPER there. I think they were $45 not on sale. I have been so suprised with how clean they have stayed. I would recommend them to anyone.", "I have wide feet and these are so comfortable and light. I run and weight train in them and have never had any mishaps. I used to be pretty biased with running shoes (Aasics only) but these are half the weight and make my workouts easier. I wish they made them in many more colors!!!", "I really hoped these shoes would be a great new shoe for my transition into working out more.  They were an inexpensive option, and I liked the style.However, they hurt my feet, and there wasn't any arch support at all.  I have a relatively high arch, so keep that in mind.  I am sure the size 8 was the right size for me.  The shoe just doesn't &#34;hug&#34; your foot like it should.  I feel that a great athletic shoe should support your foot while still giving the ball of your foot and your toes some space.  This shoe felt very spacious in the foot area, and my arch was left hanging to support itself.  Maybe this shoe is better for a flatter foot.I am a longtime fan of Nike shoes, so when I returned these, I purchased another Nike shoe.  I ended up trying on all of the Nikes at the store, and then I choose the Flex Experience RN 2.  It has been a better fit for my whole foot.", "light and airy. my feet can feel the wind. my own big toe does get achey. but its my own infirmity not due because of the fine sneaker. car accident did my toe in.", "These are fantastic.  My daughter saw them online and I think they may have been from the fall of last year becasuse they were really hard to find but we were lucky to get them.  she loves them and I'm sure she will be putting them to good use at school this year.", "Got these for my 10 year old son.He loves them, so do his friends!Durable, well fit and fun.  Great shoes!!!", "This is the second Nike Shox NZ that I buy and I couldn't be more satisfied about it. Not only the design is amazing in my opinion, but this shoes are very comfortable for walking/jogging and durable too.", "12 yr. old had a great season in these cleats.  Was easy to follow on the field because of color.  Highly recomment.", "I do not understand why they stopped making these watches.  Bought this one and another model.  This watch is beautiful but I'm jealous.  It works better for a woman's smaller wrist.", "This is an awesome watch.  Easy to read, and very user friendly. The instruction booklet that came with it was a bit confusing so I just started fiddling with the watch and figured it out very easily. Great size not to big or to small. My only issue was that the band is not flexible near the top of the watch but if you a person with smaller wrists this will be zero issue.", "I ordered these for my son, who is a little picky about his shoes....They fit perfectly and arrived ahead of the scheduled time...Will be ordering his next pair of shoes from there as well!!!  :)", "The shoe doesn't look as neon as it truly is I paid a lot of $ and my son got made fun of so now that's a wasted $110 warning the whole whole shoe is very bright and super shiny green", "Not ball shoes.These kicks are so comfortable, and if you did wear them, your swag would require a rating of 75 or higher (out of 100 respectively). These things are fire, but do be warned, if you do happen to purchase them, they are shoes that attract attention, and if you aren't that kind of dude, don't buy them.", "I bought them because the design looks great, even tho i dont like so much the flashy color but the design convinced me.Inmediately I used them to play basketball and by the end of the games I realized that the side of my big toe is hurt. Other than that the shoe really looks awesome.", "Fell in love with this sneakers when i first saw it. So i had to get it. Really liked the unusual look. Fit good and feel really comfortable.", "I Love All the compliments I get where ever I travel, very good attention getters! I will be getting another pair as soon as I can of the same style and color! ! !", "I would rate 5 but every time I play in them, my knees hurt and that never happened with my previous basketball shoes... but it had amazing traction outdoors(haven't played indoors yet) and improves my cuts and overall speed.. these are EASILY the BEST pair of basketball shoes I have ever had!", "I've bought this &#34;superhero&#34; shoe before. They look and fit great. A quality product at a great price. I'm happy.", "This is a good one.  Look so beautiful. I like it. And this one feel so good!laugh out  loud. goodj", "yes, it is very fit for me, thanks for your hard work, like it, buy it next time again. perfect", "My son was absolutely amazed when he received these shoes.  He loves them and now all of his friends want a pair as well.", "My son wanted low tops for school basketball team.  He loves them.  Says they are very comfortable to run in.", "Comfortable, feels like air. These are great to drive stick shift in, but not for hiking. I say that because when going off road, one can feel every rock on their heels.", "This is a good shoe but it had been used with little dirt in the bottom and it doesnt have the new shoe smell to it.", "this is SO sleek looking and awesome. my girls LOVE this shoe.. Everyone on their team ask where they got it, and want to match. Such vibrant colors, and just a darling shoe.. No complaints here! Great shoe", "Great fit ordered them slightly bigger so she would have some extra room Colors are bright and my daughter was very happy with them.", "I have problems with my heals so these sneakers fit like slippers!!!  I love them, I have purchased two styles in the &#34;FREE&#34; fit", "I have only had these shoes for a short period of time, but running on a tredmill and outdoors is so easy. Very soft cushioning and are well worth the price. Nike + is also great if you use it.", "Already a good time to use this shoe and this is showing excellent! Ja had other brand of shoes but all air max + are superior, I am delighted!", "Las mejores gomas que he podido comprar muy comodas y super resistentes . . . . . . . .", "Very comfortable and durable. I use it for running and going to the gym. Takes some adaptation time at first, since the supporting rubbers are rigid but they soften with use.", "thses are absolutely the BEST and MOST comfortable pair of tennis shoes I have EVER owned in 45 years. NIKE has always made good products, but they outdid themselves with these shoes. The price was right and I got them quickly thru amazon. Its a win-win situation, ESPECIALLY if you have problem feet like I do.", "This was a beautiful pair of nikes.  It wasn't supposed to arrive before christmas but it got here in time for me to get it as a present.  Better deal than at nike.com.", "Cute style, fits true to size and very comfy.  Haven't tried them on the course yet.  Hoping they'll improve my game : )", "-----The Good Stuff------great ventilation and cushioning-lightweight impact protection-really versatile shoe, can wear with almost anything-offers breathability-full mesh upper and phylon midsole-has a cushioned collar for protection around ankle-rubber waffle outsole for traction-lots of cool-----The Not So Good Stuff------they run just a little bit big with the size-----Other Comments------these shoes are really stylish-one of the most comfortable nike shoes I have worn", "I bought these for my son and he still wears them to this day. He swears they are the most comfortable sneakers he has ever owned.  Definitely will recommend to anyone.", "We received the item quickly.  My son and his friends loved the product.  He kept getting asked where he got them.  Would recommend to others.", "First off... this shipped to me in one day!!!!!!!!!! BEAUTIFUL SNEAKERS! I LOVE YOU GUYS SO MUCH THANK YOU GREAT SELLERRRR HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!", "Nike Air Max are always on the top of my list and the '97 version is my favorite. It's extremely hard to get them lately and I really wish Nike revived some of their old styles. Great sneaker, extremely comfortable and never seem to go out of style", "in love with the model.... max '97...i really love the lines...started with the silver and never got the same kinda feeling...but i like this shoes anyways.... they are confy even if feel a  lil bulky compared to the others....", "Love shox! I need more! The best and most comfortable pair of sneakers on the market. I hope Nike makes more!", "All items met my expectations. Love them all.", "I bought these for my boyfriend about 2years ago, I know im kind of late writing of review, but better late them never! Lets just say he loved them! they still look immacualte! I have yet to see anyone else with them on, Fit true to size, and the shipper was really quick!", "I really like the boots when I saw them online but they look even better in person. The the delivery was fast. Great quality boot. Really can't go wrong with Nike.", "The service was terrific and the boots arrive on time. Nike Air Max Goadome are the best boots I have had and also recommend this seller. thanks a lot.", "Very comfortable right out of the box. I am been doing yard work and walking around my acreage all day without a single sore spot. Breathable and cool. Quiet. Doesn't seem to pick up gravel (I have a 1/2 mile long gravel driveway). I would buy these for working around the house or hiking in or both (and I do LOTS of both)! Excellent shoe!", "Love the color the fit . Good going business with this company Boot looks great everyone that saw the boot feels the same way", "Looking to purchase more for my dad and brothers. Very comfortable, perfect fit, Legit pair, great customer service. Received promptly.", "My hubby birthday was coming up at the end of April, his only wish was to get these Nike Bo Jackson shoes. I looked every were, and even online, but could not find this color in his size. Finally I went to Amazon and they had 2 pairs listed in his size. His party was Saturday and I ordered the shoes from this retailer on Wednesday night. They stated they should be here by Monday, I'm like oh no I need these by Saturday. The shoes ended up coming on Friday afternoon. Super fast shipping, shoes look great, and he was happy! Thank you for helping me give him the gift he wanted, early", "Awesome pair of kicks. Nice color and very comfortable to wear. Feels like it has been broken in already. If the Bo Jackson breaking bats is available I would buy that as well.", "I am a sneaker head and love Bo Jacksons. This shoe is a great fit.  Very comfortable for working out or anytime wear.", "My Boyfriend Loved Them, They Arrived Earlier Then Expected Fit Was Perfect, Thinking About Ordering Another Pair For Fathers Day Can't Wait To See The Smile On His Face This Time!! Priceless!:-)", "My sneakers arrived before the estimated date. Everything was in tact and was exactly as I expected! I'm very excited about these because I wanted a pair since I was a kid. Still stylish and very Fresh! Definitely going to be an eye catcher when I step out in them and a great addition to my sneaker family.", "This is the sneaker I was waiting for. Feels great and looks even better. One of the best purchases I've made in months!", "THE SNEAKER FITS A LITTLE BIG. ITS GREAT FOR SOMEONE WITH A WIDE FOOT AS WELL. THEY ARE VERY NICE AND THE FIT IS OK", "They don't know how keep the customers. I was going to buy this sneakers for my husband for his Birthday too, the same of the other two customers; but I ask them if can they give me this for other price I saw one week before and they said Not straight, and I bough them by eBay more cheaper than this seller. My husband love this sneakers, they are awesome.", "Very comfy shoes with nice colors, where the every day if i can, would not heditate to buy another pair just a like", "My husband loves these shoes. They are a great fit for him. They came a little early then expected. They are just like they are in pic.", "got these for my boyfriend and he loves them. he have a great shoe collection and he love to throw them on for a trip to the mall or a night out. Great color", "I really like these shoes. I was kind of freaked out by the fact that they are plastic and not cloth material at first. But they are wondeful, great arch support and the size was perfect.", "These are the most comfortable pair of Nike's that I have ever owned.  They are so light yet sturdy I could wear them all day. I also get many complements on them.", "I like the shoes and they fit very well. The colors are nice to. Only reason I gave 4 stars because it took a long time for shipping. I contacted the shipper and they responded in a timely matter but it took 4 days longer then the original date. Other then that shoes look and fit great.", "I have found that I can get away with cheap sneakers when walking through central park but when I am walking on pavement,  my feet really get sore withouth good quality sneakers.  I found these to be very comfortable and I can walk longer without hating it.  My feet are now the last thing that wants to quit when I power walk.", "I wore this pair of boots for the first 3 years I moved to WI from TX and they kept my feet warm and dry- even through slushy snow. Also they are very cute and feel like a sneaker. Finally the plastic that holds them up broke and went through the fabric and cut up my ankle. But I'd say I got my money's worth. Would buy another pair if I wasn't moving back to TX. They were wonderful while they lasted. Usually wear a 7 1/2 but got an 8 and they fit like a charm even with wool socks. I highly recommend.", "as the heading says.... SUPER COMFORTas the heading says.... SUPER COMFORT definitely the most comfortable I have worn.  Replaced all of my Name brand Boxer briefs", "im very good for nike pro hyperstrng compression short is a great product but it was not what I wanted but still recommend 100%", "I bought these for my boyfriend and he loved them! They are very light not heavy like a normal boot. And u still get the look. The packaging and shipping was great too! Very satisfied :)", "If you are looking for fashionable boots that are also comfortable, then these boots are what you're looking for! And they were a steal at $45!!  A+++", "Quick delivery.Fits as expected.Great price.They are wearing quite well.Getting a lot of use and complements on the color!", "I paid for expedited shipping for this product & it arrived even faster than expected!  Shoes looked great and fit well.", "Excellent golf shoes, have worn them a few times now and they are just so comfortable. Just a great pair of  Nike Golf Shoes!!  Delivery was super fast, took less than a week to get to Australia.", "These shoes are very comfortable. I like white color and they are very comfortable. I wore them in tournament and practice.", "I like this shoe. Light, supportive. I'm a guard and this shoe performs well with quick cuts. Plant with confidence. Only drawback is that the Nike swoosh peels off easily. It's a cheap sticker.", "Comfortable, well constructed shorts, pricey because of the brand, but worth the price IF it provides longevity, purchased two other colors, needs to be MORE descriptive in synopsis, especially regarding color, ie ; dark navy, NOT their own color scheme.", "Good quality. Nothing special, but they dry fast and are comfortable. Would purchase more. Long enough for a tall man or woman.", "good quality and comfortable. this is the second time i buy these shorts. i recommend it for all to try it.", "perfect and looks as shown and washes well and great price. They are a great pair and very comfortable. Great choice", "excellent recommend them, good quality article, I recommend it. I look forward to making future purchases. excellent recommend them. good.", "Great material, excellent fit. a bit on the pricier side. had to wait to buy it when the price dropped.", "these shorts suck in my opinion only because when i got them the were much smaller that what the size i got i wanted a large and when it came in and i tryed them on it felt like i was wearing a small/medium but i think they would have been good for working out but i guess i will never know cause i will not wear them ever!!!!", "I Brought this for my boyfriend who  works-out hard and sweats profusely. This fit well and keeps him comfortable. I will will definitely be purchasing more of these.", "My son plays soccer and hates the shorter styles used for soccer.  He likes shorts like these that come to the knee or right above the knee.  These are perfect since they don't don't look specifically like basketball shorts but could pretty much be used for any sport.  The material is not too light not too heavy, the inseam at 10&#34; is perfect, includes pockets, elastic waist, and they come in sold colors which is popular for his teenage group.  My son is 5'10&#34; 34/36&#34; waist medium athletic built and the size large comes to his knee and are loose enough for lots of movement.  He's tried several different Nike styles and these are the best.  We purchased these in the black and gray/carbon heather.", "This was hard to find online and I originally gave up the search for it, but once Nike added/re-added it, Amazon e-mailed me and I jumped on it. Nike Dri-Fit's shorts are great - I just wanted one plain like this, in these colors. I'm very happy with it.Pockets work well, just wish they had at least one back-pocket.", "These are the best shorts I've ever had except for some golf shorts I've had for several years so buy them!", "Very nice and attractive outfit and Nike quality which is excellent. It's quite comfortable and can be used in multiple workouts.", "These were great shorts, but the price was too high.  I needed them to match team uniforms and they are great, but they were over priced.", "Bought these for my son who is very thin, there great as the draw string helped to keep the shorts in place and they look and feel great.", "Had no tracking system so I didn't really have an accurate time of when the package would be sent. But still arrived in a week. I thought the shorts would have holes. but still is very light and fitting. It keeps you cool through the summer heat.", "Perfect fit.", "I ordered these shorts in black, but they arrived in dark graphite with a royal blue stripe and swoosh. Also, I didn't realize when ordering that they were coming from the UK, so sending them back was not cost effective. It took only about 12 days to receive them unlike the month or more that was estimated. Five stars for the shorts themselves - very soft, comfortable, and great quality.", "These Nike Dri Fit shorts are amazing!! Light weight and very comfortable.  They look good and feel good for lounging and also athletics.", "Bought these for my son who is on the track team.  Great price and value...saved around $20 over local brand name store purchase.", "These shoes fit and look great, the top is a little shiny looking like carbon fiber. Good for sport or to go to the mall.", "These are Nike sneakers so i thought they would be good.  They looked great on arrival, but within 3 weeks the red in the front was literally peeling and ripped, and they are poor \"made in China\" quality.  I would not buy these again, and I have serious doubts about all Nike products, but then again maybe these were some excellent made knock-offs.", "Shoes came in a reasonable time and I absolutely enjoy them. I wear them whenever I hip-hop dance and they perform admirably.", "I recently purchased a pari of Nike basketball shoes and am very happy with them.I actually wear them for Racquetball and have had great results with them.Comfortable, lightweight and very unique!!", "I got these sneakers for my son and he loved them. He said they were comfortable and just what he wanted. The order came in a timely manner and I have no complaints.", "I bought this shoes like one month ago, and actually i feel good the shoes, the shoes was new, i received it on time.", "These were a great gift for my seventeen year old boy.  It was priced just right for my Christmas budget.  The quality of the shoe was great. My son is enjoying wearing his shoes to school and everywhere else.", "My daughter loves these shoes!  They have held up well thru weeks of 3 times per week practices and games!  Still going strong!", "Great value for price. Pegasus is a tried and true shoe for runners. Very durable. Very comfortable. Nike+ is a great addition. Use it! Buy the Nike+ armband and start tracking your progress!", "Exactly what my son wanted for Christmas. I tried the Nike store first, then priced around.  Amazon.com had the better price, and the product came perfect!", "This an awesome bag, great space and cool design, and the price its amazing only 40 dollars. BUY IT I LOVE NIKE!!!!!!!!", "This was purchased for a christmas present, this is great quality and roomy it was recieved quickly also, I would recommend it for any man in your life!", "This bag is great!  It is sturdy and spacious.  I especially love all the different pockets and sections.", "Great gym bag. Large and spacious for size and fits perfectly in locker. Strong yet light weight nylon. I like the separate side compartment for gym clothes. Would have been nice to have extra pockets for keys, wallet, coins etc.", "its a great bag honestly and the shipping was pretty fast  very stylish and comfortable I would definitely recommend this to a friend that loves the gym", "I bought this bag to replace my smaller inadaquete bag that I had been using daily at the gym.  I play racquetball and was looking for something that was a little larger than a normal bag and could carry all my gear as well as a couple sets of clothes.  This bag is amazingly spacious and is suprisingly comfortable even when fully loaded.  The strap is designed to take some of the strain off of your shoulder and it really does an amazing job.  The seperate shoe compartment is amazing -- I never had it before but now I cannot imagine not having a bag with the seperate compartment.  I've found that the bag is quite sturdy as well -- I have to stuff it in a smaller locker on a regular basis and haven't had any troubles getting it to conform to my needs.  All in all, I consider this one of the best purchases I've made, I am completely satisfied with this bag!", "This is a great , high quality bag I'm very satisfied with it!!! I reccomed this bag to all athletes", "I like this bag alot. i like using it every time I go for a game in a weekend and even on a out of town gig. the quality of the bag is magnificent up to now does not have any breaks or cuts.", "I bought these bags for my 3 13-year old nephews.  They use it to take sports clothes to school.  It is a great size - not too big.  It has held up well, too.", "I was looking for a bag that would hold my 7 year old sons soccer items. We tote a Soccer ball, cleats, extra outfits, shin guards, water bottles and more in this bag. Its perfect and just what I was looking for. We've only had it for about a month but it seems very durable. This is the perfect bag for my son and I recommend it!", "I purchased this bag for my son for football practice.  It's great and not to small and not large.  The side pocket for his kleats is great and inside bag still has room.", "I bought these shoes for my wife and she absolutly loved them. She used the Nike Ipod app with this shoe too. No significant wear but she has done over 200 miles of running in them and they were way overdue to be replaced.", "Not only was I happy with the quality and price, but I was also pleased with the prompt free shipping!", "Nice lightweight running shoe good for the gym.  A bit tight on the big toe on each foot.  Its my second pair of these and first pair is quite comfortable now that my toe pokes out of the tip...", "These shoes fit great and look SICK! I am usually a size 12&1/2 or 13. the 13 fits perfect. They are great for cross-training, lifting, and running.", "Excellent eye coverage. Good lenses. Stays on all the time.Bought 3 pair.Grab then before they go.Don't even hesitate to purchase.", "my grandson just loved this pair of shoes, jordan fan and loved basketball great fit comfy fit and good grip", "Great shoe, perfect condition. Only problem (well, more confusion) is I thought they were black and they're actually dark brown. The color name \"cinder\" doesn't make me think brown. Nice looking shoe nonetheless!", "I love shoxs in general, but I really like the orange color on this pair.  I normally wear an 8 but I had to get an 8.5 to fit me comfortably because they seem to be narrow, but other than that I love the shoe!", "I purchased these boots for work and I love them they are very comfortable.  I have purchased other brands but none compare to these.", "I love my original Spiz-Ike's so I gotta love these Winterized version  of the sneaker! I'm looking forward to wearing these in the snow this winter!", "I really lucked out on these especially exactly in my size, shopop you guys are awesome would recommend anyone to you and will deff be getting more Kobe 8s", "Love these shoes to death. And also scored a deal on here. The picture here for this color is a bit off for some reason. The nike swish here should have a corresponding yellow to the sole of the shoes. Its what I got and that's the right color, not the orange swish depicted. So, if you, like me is/was worried about that, don't be. You'll get a yellow swish.This shoe provides great support and great lunarlon cushioning. I love the low top design to allow me to slip in my ankle braces easily. If you wanted to buy kobes, get kobe 6 or 8. STAY AWAY from the 7s.", "Great comfort, performance support, and durable. Fits true to size. Very, colorful, stylish and unique features. Looks great on the court", "Very high quality were not fake.box was kinda beat up but got to my house in 2 days and I live on the other side of USA from them so super fantastic and super low rates and great return policy and warranty!", "These are the low top best basketball shoes ever made. I love them, your feet don't get sore, never got a blister from them.", "We bought these shoes for our 17 year-old grandaughter and she has now decided that she is only going to wear Nikes! The shoe is much nicer looking than the photo, the colour is better and brighter,she says they are really comfy and you can't beat the price! Great shoe!", "Purchased these for my grandson and he gave them a real good wear and now is wearing Skechers. Young boys and their shoes.", "I have tried many cleats and these are BY FAR my favorite cleats. They are very versatile and fit my feet perfectly. Great for people with a semi-arch. They come with inter-changeable colors for the outside swoosh. The laces are too short so I had to buy new ones but other than that they're absolutely my favorite cleats. I definately recommend these to anyone looking for a good, durable pair of cleats.", "Somewhat narrow, still an excellent shoe.  This is my second pair, the first pair was a perfect fit.  Good work shoe.", "I have been looking for these shoes forever! They were my favorite shoes and wanted another pair. Have not had a pair of these since 1997! I am glad I found them and got shipped fast which was great!", "its very nice a pair a shoes, confortable, kiut and more, i am very happy with it, just in time, best performance, every thing its perfect", "Neat little Jordans and not over priced. My son loved them while they still fit and werent destroyed yet.  good deal", "I love these shoes.  The fit is great and they are so comfortable.  I love them so much I ordered a second pair in another color.  Might order a third pair just so i have them on hand.  Next year I am sure Nike will change the style and since it is hard for me to find shoes that fit well and in my size (5.5) I will grab them up while I can.  Probably the best Nike's I have ever owned.", "I love the shoes, they are comfortable. I wish they had my size in gray/black color though. Totally will recommend it to my friends, perfect for running and just working out.", "we bought these for our 12 year-old son and he loves them. They fit true to size and the colors are as they appear in the photo.", "Second day of field hockey with these cleats I have two blisters on the top of my heal.  It hurts but other then that I love them", "Got it for a friend for his birthday and I will buy another to my brother because it's so pretty, I loved it!! Recommended!! :-)", "These shoes are great looking and exceeded my expectations! Usual top shelf visuals and quality product. Will definitely buy these in another color.", "A really cool shoe that's not just for playing basketball! The perfect set of colors for this wearer to wear with weekend stuff. Great fit and very comfortable.", "Purchased for hashing and hiking. Will recommend getting a half size bigger for off-road use. Great for trails, dirt, rocks and mud. Too new to comment on durability. Oh yeah \"looks great\".", "Beautiful shoes but thin soled so it hurts if you jump from a high place.The colors are also very nice.", "Bought it for my 13 year old son to wear on sport day at school. They are very fussy about leather shoes. Only problem - I couldn't tell from the photo that the front is fabric, not leather. I also can't keep that bit very clean, despite washing them. However, my son loves them and says they are very comfortable. Also,quite narrow in the front - Ok for us but might be an issue if your child has a broad foot", "These shoes fit well, hold your foot perfectly for easy walking.  These are the third (different) pair I got my husband.  He hated the other two.  Loves these...even retired the old, older pair.  WOW, that really says something.  Made well, lighter weight, excellent fit.  For not trying on a pair of shoes, we did good!", "Good pair of shoes", "i needed to find a certen color shoe for work and had been looking for a while. These were the type of shoe I needed and for a good price,", "I love this shoes, Nike did it again, perfect fit, nice colors and perfect balance.And this is actually a must buy if you love to run or simply walk in a different style.", "i love these, i bought the same model in 2011 and they lasted forever. these new ones run smaller than i expected, so go 1/2 size up if this is your first time with this shoe. love the colors, the fit is great, excellent comfort and striking details. LOVE LOVE LOVE. arrived very quickly and great price.", "shipment free and on time!awesome shoes! fit well, look so cool and feel so good! plus a great price!!totally love them:)", "It is very simple n comfy. I Bought it for my boyfriend birthday n he really likes it. Very satisfied", "Shoes ran perfect sizing. Since 12.5 is a hard size to find, I don't care what the color is because I don't work out to make a fashion statement.", "My husband wore to disneyland he absolutely loved color and thought they were very comfy. We will buy more soon !", "I've worn Shox for years. Love them ,they are my favorite running shoes.once they break in after 30 40 miles of running they feel like pillows! For your feet that is.", "This shoe was great after about a week for the first few days they really cut into my ankle but now there FANTASTIC", "It fits well as expected.It looks really nice and comfortable to wear.Overall, i love my new KDVI. 2 Thumbs up!", "This shoe is everything I expected, and then more... I would highly recommend this to anyone wanting a nice looking shoe, I get compliments all the time. It matches really well with a lot of different cloths I have, and it's affordable too.", "I got my Jordans in the mail today and boy, they are sweet. They are perfect because they are my school colors and b-ball is starting up soon. They are extremely comfortable and have great ankle support. I think that the 23 on the back is a nice touch. Overall, a fantastic shoe.", "Shoes are just as expected fit and look great. I have had slot if complements with these shoes. I would order shoes like this again.", "I got these shoes for my son he loves them color is great I can't wait to order next item.", "Kd is the most Comfortable shoes i like it so much and the color of the shoes is nice .", "the shoe is great. nice fit. weighs nice on my fit. cant complain. i more use it when im going up and about around town.", "Just as expected! Great color, looks awesome, can't wait to try it. Let's see how it feels on court, can't wait!", "I bought my little brother and I both a pair...and they look awesome such bright colors so they definitely stand out with any outfit", "Love these shoes, they are very comfy and I got remarks about them all the time! I love the color and the fit pretty close to size.", "At first I got some nike air force 1 in orange and I loved the colour and the shoe, so I decided to get the same ones in green and I LOVE IT! they are so pretty and very comfortable. Also the material is very resistant which makes it very durable.", "I bought these for Zumba. They have the right circular sole and have amazing arch support. In fact, if you are not ready for that amount of support, plan to tape your foot the first few times you wear them until they loosen up a bit(or you'll have some gnarly blisters...). Stiff at first... amazing after. LOVE these shoes. I do wish, however, that they were in more bold colors. The light blue is not normally a color I wear, but I make it work...", "I ordered these last week, and was very surprised to have received them in less than 7 days! Also, the box was in perfect condition, and the sneakers where exactly what i expected. I got a size 4 and it fits perfect. ! :)", "The company's product came without any blemishes, etc.  The shoes were in excellent condition.  They arrived earlier than the perceived date!  I will definitely order from them again.", "I really liked them they fit well and feel great on the foot. I like the poly spikes them come with. The only nich is tying the shoes is interesting with the lace cover... over all great cleet.", "Great shoes with amazing comfort and stability as I run 50 miles a week. The seller had quick shipping and no hassles. Easy transaction.", "I wear these for slippers.  They are very comfortable and make my feet feel great.My wife has a pair too.  We have bought this type of \"slipper\" from a number of companies but these are the best we have found.", "I don't too excited over most things, especially shoes.Really, I have never had any shoe (or sandal) feel more natural and comfortable as wellas look pretty cool.  The best part is, I won't need to buy another pair for a while since they are so durable/Highly recommend a really fine product.", "These slides are great!  My husband loves them - this is his second pair, since our dog liked them, too!  Just wish they also made a line for women.", "I don't too excited over most things, especially shoes, so for me to take the time torecommend these Nikes tells me I've gone over the edge ;-).Really, I have never had any shoe (or sandal) feel more natural and comfortable as wellas look pretty cool.  I have a bunion that doesn't agree with many sandal types, but withthese I don't know I have one.  I wore these from June through November here in Florida,nearly every day in my condo and in the pool, ocean, sandy beaches and hot asphalt roads.I even wore them on my 6 mile walk when my joggers were soaked from a rainstorm...  I didn'tthink it was too smart to try that,but they felt great.The best part is, they still look and feel like new and I won't NEED to buy another pair forspring, but since I have the black pair, I will be buying the charcoal/lime for a fresh look.Highly recommend a really fine product.", "I bought these sandals last year and I didn't bother to find out whether they were for men or women. I just know that when I tried them on it was  heaven on my feet. I wore them to death last summer and I am going for round two. They feel so awesome and I would not wear any others as long as I can find these. They are still as comfortable as when I first bought them. The best universal sandal ever.", "higher arch requires a larger size to slip on easily.", "got the item in about a week( would of been here eariler, but a snowstorm came about) but great service, great shipping, great seller", "excellent service. got here in 4 days! the fastest ive ever seen a package ship oversees! will be doing business with SneakerDoctor again. authentic shoes. got the last pair of space jams without having to wait in any lines!!!! thanks... A LIFE SAVER!!! The shoes were sold out EVERYWHERE online. the price was hiked up a few bucks, but it was defintaley worth it!", "I've been looking for these everywhere!  Fast shipping and GREAT product..  I've ordered multiple kicks from here and they never disappoint.", "I purchased my gamma 11's from kickzstore and they were prefect! 100% authentic shoes and the service was great! I was skeptical at first with the price an all! But I'm very satisfied!", "Item was great except for the paper inside the box was destroyed & the grey 11 plastic cover was cracked! I don't know how such a thing could happen other than the people not taking care of em. Shoes are icy and it was a good cop", "I had a great experience buying my shoes from them responded quick with any questions the shoes are 100% authentic", "exactly what I was looking for fast shipping easy to work withwould use again and highly recommend for a friend good job", "\"I love them i order it to myself as a birthday gift because my b day Dec.2 and i loved it ,its no rip off it real genuine 11s cool grey jordan and ill recommend people to come here to buy jordans from this seller", "GREAT SHOES, FIT TO SIZE, NEVER WILL PAY AGAIN FOR ANY OTHER SHOES.  THE COST IS JUST HIGHWAY ROBBERY AND SHAME ON JORDAN FOR ALLOWING THIS TO HAPPEN.  BUT SON WAS VERY HAPPY WITH PRODUCTION.  IT WAS EITHER SPEND THE NIGHT IN THE DARK OVERNIGHT AND/OR SPENT THE EXTRA CASH FOR THE SHOE.", "I love these shoes, the best Retro 11's. 110% authentic, couldnt be more happy with the services you guys provided.", "The Seller Is Great !! I Ordered Jordan 11 Gamma Blue's Like 4 Days Ago And I Received It Today !! The Shoe Quality Was Great , Was Wrapped In Its Original Packaging And It Is 100% Authentic !! I Will Continue To Deal With This Seller And I Hope You Will Too As I Can Assure You That You Would Be Very Happy", "i received my concords today and I loved them, I know the ones I got r not fake, everything seems to be legit.. I have been looking for these shoes since 96.. 18 years later I am a very satisfied customer... I got mine through kw boutique.. investigation or not I got the product that I wanted... thank you ;-)", "I love it and i  very surprice of getting the best product with all original package as mention i will like to get more from this seller , he is into his customer satisfaction", "So I ordered them on the 6th of October and received them on the 12th. So shipping was pretty quick (it was 30$ though). So when I got them, there were a couple of things that were off. The font on the inner tag was way off. The carbon fiber on the sole was also off. The \"23\" in the back heel tab was slanted. So then I posted pictures online to see if they were authentic. And it was confirmed that they were not. Here is a link to the authenticity check.[...]Here is another link to a pair that is authentic go ahead and compare the tags[...]Be careful when purchasing these from any seller because I have read that there are lots of fakes and B grades floating around.I hope I can get my money back.Nike Air Jordan 11 Retro Concord (378037-107)", "our second pair of shoes from this site and still happy. this was another good pair and real shoes. we will continue to buy from amazon. took shoes to two stores and these were 100% real. my son loved them once again", "The Concord XI is one of the greatest Jordan sneaker designs ever created. A must have for any sneakerhead to add to your collection.", "Thanks this was the first thing I order off here I think and would say this is the best thing I got ever from offline", "So happy with my purchase, finally able to have my favorite J's of all time. Won't be for daily use that's for sure.", "OMG, THIS SHOE IS EVERYTHING THAT I EXPECTED!  THIS IS MY FIRST PAIR OF JORDANS AND I LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  AT FIRST I THOUGHT THAT THE PRICE WAS A BIT HIGH, BUT ITS WORTH EVERY PENNY!  I AM HAPPY THAT I MADE THIS INVESTMENT.  AFTER BUYING THESE, I THINK I WILL BECOME A JORDAN'S FANATIC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", "Love the jordan eleven, had them all except the concords. Probably the best player in the world haven't seen better yet", "i liked it; it fitted perfectly,  Also the quality is just like what I expected. I would highly recommend ordering from this site to a friend.", "This was the retro I had been waiting to get and finally got it. The fav in my collection. Great fit and comfort! Super nice!", "Everything is 100%  authentic like it said it will be. I don't know why people are getting fake shoes? I did me research online and compare the difference between authentic and replicas. I like my gamma blues. I'm happy for what I pay for!", "they were exactly what they were supposed to be. mines didnt look fake everything looked good and right. i was so excited.", "Seen pics of these and just had to have them. The colors are just slick to me and I just dig them! The quality was just great and they are for sure a head turner. The jordan 11s unit makes the shoe extremely comfortable. Also one of the most stylish shoes out there! If you are looking for mens size try coolshoeshines.com. I got mine there for a good price, but if you are looking for the kid size, stick to amazon. These are going for a great price and I am sure they will be valuable in the near future! Which should be a great investment. Overall, Great shoes, 5 stars +.", "guys if you are into kicks youd clearly see the jump man is facing the wrong way lol just wait to cop them at foot locker these are loudly fake!!!!!p.si already have mines but i work at a sneaker store good luck", "The shoes were a gift to my little cousin. They arrived on time and in great condition. He loved the sneakers and I was satisfied with the way the transaction went through.", "i got these yesterday forgot to write a review lol and but anyways they seem legit so im satisfied with my shoes so i rated it a 4", "The shoes were in the box brand new as promised.They arrived very fast. We took them to our local footlocker to see if they were authentic and they verified that they are in fact the real deal. So my son was very happy and so was I. I paid a nice price for them, But seeing the joy on my son's face when he saw that I did in fact get them without fighting in the lines for them made it all worth the money. IT WAS WELL WORTH IT...", "Beautiful shoe, not much more to say. Flawless as expected and couldn't have asked for it quicker. Now I need those gamma blues lol", "I bought the Nike Air Jordan Men's 100% Authentic DS NIB 11/XI Retro &#34;Space Jam&#34; 2009 for my son.  he loves them.  They are authentic and exactly what we expected.", "Very pleased with my 11's. These kicks are so iconic that when you wear them you already know people are looking!!!", "The shoes are awesome!!! Everything about them is great. The packaging, the smell, an overall great experience with a shoe I love! However, the shipping left something to be desired. The Friday the shoes were supposed to be delivered, they sat on a FedEX truck over the weekend until Monday morning. they did make me the \"first delivery that day dropping them off @ around 7:06am. That kinda made up for waiting all day Friday.", "I love Jordan's and these were an awesome addition to my collection.", "This was a gift and it was the best gift ever! It's the real thing and it came in the beautiful box and really well packaged! Love it!", "I usually don't get into the Jordan ordeal, but my husband wanted these to complete his 15 year collection. I ordered Fri. morning, and email requested a rush for Christmas. Seller responded to my email &#60; 1 hr. All concerns addressed. Seller rushed: order came next day Saturday, no lie. I Informed Seller that my husband knows real from phony. The shoes checked out 100%. Great customer service, response time, & 100% authentic. Gave my husband shoes early for holiday party w/i 24 hrs of ordering them: now THAT'S great customer service! 10 stars!", "came in original box, brand new, and very comfortable. sneaker doesn't look like an imitation. and that is something that you need to be aware of now a days", "i am having great day after wearing this shoes. very satisfied and good. i would like to have another purchase.", "The shoes are great, exactly as ordered but the postal charges from the US to Australia are much more expensive than from Europe.", "Just started getting back into running, and the Nike Free's were perfect. I go on 10-milers every Saturday and have yet to feel shin splints and the like. These are perfect if you are starting to run again.", "It is original design shoe style but I just really like the Nike Free shoe style.  I wish Nike would bring it back.", "My oldest grandson loved them. That is saying alot, cause he is a fashion guro!!! lol Thank you very much...", "Probably the best gym shoe I've had in a while. Amazingly comfortable. If you've never worn 'barefoot' shoes before, work your way in to them- trust me, it's worth it.", "Very good, estos shoes son excelentes para jugar el softball, buena calidad de materiales y comodos para este gran deporte, llegaron en excelente estado", "I can't believe I found these.  Everyone knows how hit or miss sneakers can be.  Do not be fooled, these are far more then baseball shoes.  There isn't anything these sneakers can't do.  Cross training, running, lifting, playing any sport or relaxing I've never found a more versatile sneaker. I just hope Nike continues to make them.  There are more reviews on the Nike page if you're interested.", "Comfy, good-looking, fit nicely... recommended! They are just what I was looking for. Not bulky and very easy to wear.", "The shoes were easy to order and were exactly what she wanted.  She needed them for her job and was delighted with them", "Light weight,comfortable, well fitting. The technology of light weight shoe does make a difference while running or exercising.My wife got It  for her. I am thinking of getting a pair for myself.", "These shoes are simply marvelous tell my teenagers who have had them for games and sports.Suit very well too as hiking.", "After starting the Insanity workout program my feet hurt a bit.  I was wearing running shoes so researched cross trainers and found these.  I was not disappointed!  This is a great shoe for all the jumping and side-to-side movements.  No more foot pain and enjoying my workouts!", "This is my third time getting the free run tr and I love them! Love how flexible and light they are makes my run super smooth", "love the shoes I use them everyday at the gym and they never hurt me anywhere and the color is just amazing", "Love this sneaker !!! Best buy . True to size and light weight, better priced then bloomingdales !!! Get many compliments on them :)", "Super light and the sock like ankle is great!", "I think these Nikes are great and good value.  They are bought as a gift so I am anxious to see her glee when I get them home!", "Not for those with wide feet or high instep. It took awhile to break them in, but I love them!", "These shoes are so awesome. Very light and flexible. Extra padding all over and very breathable. Best shoes I've ever owned.", "Minimalist shoe.  Im using for working out.  I would need something with a bit more support for walking around a lot, but LOVE them for lateral movements.", "Great fit! I bought them in all black to wear to my new job and my feet feel great even on long shifts!", "Because they are exactly what I thought they would be! They are great shoes. Go buy a pair today! Go", "I love these shoes..I was on the lookout for lightweight shoes for my GRIT and Crossfit training and came across these. They arrived on time and I tested them today. They fit perfectly, love the color and the training was great with them. My feet felt light, the grip was amazing on the floor and the support was firm/ great. I would definitely recommend these if you are looking for shoes for high intensive interval training.", "I'm big into lifting weights/sprinting/cross training. I wouldn't use these for long distance running, but for gym style workouts they're awesome.", "I've gone through a lot of shoes looking for something that's good for zumba, piloxing, boot camp and various other exercises.  I think I've finally found the winner.  These shoes provide support but are light enough as to not get in the way during dancing or jumping moves.  Plus they are really cute.  I wear an 8 in dress shoes, sometimes an 8.5, but I always buy a 9 in athletic shoes so that I have enough room.  I got a 9 in these and they feel great.", "I bought this shoes for my wife and she is fallen in love with this shoes. It's very comfortable and looks so cool.", "Good, the size is perfect. Looks large at the toes but they look good ! I am entirely satisfied .", "Nike Free 5.0 Tr Fit 4 is a good training shoe, nice colors. Cushioning is reasonable for training. Flexible which gives freedom to move", "The training shoes are light and flexible with vertical support.  Great for just walking or boot camp.  These are my 5th pair.  I love them.", "great shoes! i was actually replacing a pair already owned. super light, supportive, and comfy. would highly reccomend to anyone.", "Fit just right. Feels good", "fits 1/2size large. toe box roomy and rest of shoe narrow. this is all good for me if your toes get squished by some shoes- you will like it too.", "I love Nike frees. These shoes are amazing they are just as I expected them to be. A little snug when you put them on but as you break them in they form to your foot perfectly. Very comfortable.  And shipped right on time. I will be purchasing another pair soon", "Love these shoes, had to order in black for my job. I have seen all the other patterns and want them. Will order MORE!", "Narrow fora medium width.Older versions of Nike Free fit better! Material is stiffer also and not as comfortable as other models.", "Feels like feathers on your feet. The color is very fashionable; I can wear them when working out or just bouncing around town.", "I initially ordered the black and white, but then i requested a switch to plain black and it is beautiful. The fit is snug and perfect, the shoe is very slender and fits cute. It has a lot of support and it fits so neat, i ordered my exact shoe size and it fits so great and still has room for movement. I recommend ordering your exact size. The shipping time was good, no delays, nothing. I love it. thanks.", "LOVE them!!!!! They fit perfect! Excellent for working out or just to wear in general. I could not be happier!", "Love this line.  I think I am a 10.5  but these work ok.  I really love to work out in them.  Size up to wear socks because they do get a bit sweaty.", "These sneakers are lightweight, comfortable and look great.I've already gotten lots of compliments from everyone including my husband.I'm usually hesitant to buy shoes online because of the size variation among brands, but I didn't have any issues with these. I normally wear a 7.5 and that's what I bought. It fit perfectly!I've already walked a lot in them and have nothing to complain about. They are not running shoes, and don't have as much support so I would look for other options if that is what you need. However, if you want comfortable shoes that you can wear on a daily basis to walk around the city or work out or whatever and that are discrete and not too bulky, then these would be a perfect choice!", "Great workout shoes", "I already said very sad. Love niki. They goofed this time. Worn two pairs. Had to give both to a lady who wears a 6-1/2. Not fair. Almost 200.00 and now I need to save for two more pairsI gave both pairs to a friend who wears 6 1/2 niki and they fit her perfect.  I wish niki could see fit to sendMe two more pair size 7 1/2. But I know I'm dreaming.", "I've bought several pair of shoes over the last month because my job keeps me on my tors so to speak these were another good find I love the look and comfort of these.", "Shoe works great during the workouts and look great too! Love them! And they didn't take long to break in.", "very lightweight.  I have worn them indoors only at work and inside doing cardio/workout program.  I work 12 1/2 - 13 hrs on my feet and these are wonderful.", "the laser crimson color is WOW amazing. order in size heels you would wear to be comfortable. they fit as expected and look really good on the foot. new shoes are good motivators.", "I love these shoes!! I bought them specifically for a heart rate interval training class that has a mix of treadmill, rowing, TRX bands, weights, etc. I needed a shoe that would transfer to all types of exercise and be comfortable and these are absolutely perfect! My feet and knees have never been happier!", "the most comfiest sport shoe i own. The quality and shipping was A+++ i live in NZ and got it in a week!", "I always order a half size bigger in Nike shoes, but its also consistent.  These are good, unstructured shoes that allow the feet to work like they're designed to work.  I use these for Jazzercise and they feel pretty good.", "These were OK but are very wide around the toes . I needed something a bit tighter. Really liked the style though", "Like these shoes they are lightweight and fit well. I Can highly recommend them to others who prefer lighter shoes.", "I love these shoes. I've seen everyone and their Mama wearing them so I thought I'd give it a shot. Truth be told, I had previously purchased another pair of Nikes that weren't in the Free 5.0 line up because I didn't want to spend $100 on some shoes. My other Nikes were $50 and they were definitely not in the same caliber as these. The fit fits my somewhat wider feet very comfortably and the lightness and the way it allows you to move freely is just incredible. Definitely worth every penny! BTW...I wore these for the first time the day of a huge move and I walked over 8 miles (says my FitBit) and I didn't feel one sore from breaking it in this way.", "It is very comfortable n beautiful. Im really happy having it. I loved its mixed colors and shape. Do it ;)", "My son wants to wear them with everything!!!! Very comfortable for him and I love NIKE. I ordered a 5-1/2 for him and they fit him great. I like that they clean very easily as well.", "works great, light-weight, easy to read, easy to use, easy to upload.  only problem is you are stuck using Nike sight for your stats.  Not real bad unless you cannot get a connection", "Since getting the Nike + SportBand I've worn it on every one of my runs. After calibration it's been reliably accurate, and provides me with all the feedback I need. I love how simple the interface on the band is (only two buttons! one for starting/pausing/stopping the run, one for cycling through the feedback statistics) and I've been loving knowing just how far and fast I'm running.", "I would buy again. Wish it had GPS but they cost more. Great product for the money. . . .", "Great idea.  Only one problem viz.Nike+ Sport Bandit doesn't work.  Golfing friend had identical problem.  We both returned them.", "Bought these for my son who plays Division II soccer.  Not only were these cleats impressive LOOKING, there was nominal break-in time and no discomfort.  As a matter of fact, my son was wearing these when he scored the game winning goal in overtime, only 2 weeks after receiving them.", "I loved this sneakers. This is the second time I bought this model because they're great. About the seller: everything was perfect, thank you! :)", "I purchased this headband under the assumption that is would be nice material and wick sweat away. You are better off buying a cheaper alternative. Do not waste your money.", "I bought this bandana for tennis and couldnt be happier.  Look just like the pros.  Now if I could just play like one!  Nike emblem perfectly placed so you can fold accordingly to have showing when wearing.  Thicker cotton than your traditional bandana so probably more durable and longer lasting.  Very pleased.", "no more stinging eyes from perspiration. stylish to boot. thinking of ordering more in different colors. not only keeps me cool, but look cool as well.", "Since when have you ever known one size to fit all?If it's not elastic or expandable, don't say ONE SIZE.Say one size fits MOST...", "This is a great bandana! they always look great and don't ravel, or fade quickly.I have some of these bandanas that I have been wearing around for years, and they still look great. they are a little faded, but not to the point where you can really tell unless you are wearing a solid black shirt.", "I received the product very timely although it was not thought it was the fabric appeared to be of a great quality. Different from other bandanas I have.", "this nike swoosh bandana is really cool! I know it wont help my serve but it sure makes me feel more confident haha!", "Bought these for my daughter, who really liked them. She liked the pink trim- kinda \"girly-girl\"- not her but she was still happy. I liked them because they didn't cost $150.", "This product was excellent.  The workmanship great, the sneaks are soft and flexible and overall very comfortable.  My son loves them.", "MENS NIKE JORDAN SPIZIKE BASKETBALL SHOE (315371 165) (13 M, WHITE / FIRE RED-BLACK) BEST SHOE EVER MADE BY JORDAN.", "not the shoe I ordered. I ordered the high top shoes and got the low top ones in the mail. Although I do love the low top, I wasn't expecting it but other than that great product.", "Great comfortable sandals. A little bigger fit than I expected though.", "this is my second pair, the 1st pair i bought I have used everyday for exercise, everyday wear and more. they have lasted for over a year. I love the cushion that they give for my feet and knees, I have never had a better pair to tennis shoes. that is why I bought this second pair, love them!", "Not quite as good as the original Vomero, but a lot better than the current Vomero. ..Each year they make shoes a little cheaper and less supportive", "amazing comfort, great ankle support, and a very nice look. extra padding right where you need it and straps to help the tongue stays in place. fits as expected. Highly recommended", "I Couldn't find these  shoes anywhere for my collection very rare I love these shoes fantastic pair of nike will never forget these on Kevin garnett feet", "Aexcellent shoes, you feel you can \"flight\" with that shoes!!! i'm a profesional basketball player and I recomend it!! Beautifull colors and materials, excellent desingn and quality!!", "I love this nike, I got a pair of this long time ago and I wish I could buy them again, they're cool, comfortable and fit as expected, I'd love to get a pair again, maybe two of them, there isn't my size however, my luck could change, who knows!", "just bought this sneakers last week from amazon and it was delivered on time and packaging was good. i love the flightposites! it elevates your status and no doubt its still one of the coolest looking sneaker out there.", "hi dear i have a question.I LOVE this shoes.but i couldn't buy it cause size is too large. I wanna buy size 8 or 8.5 how could i buy it?", "That is a nice pair of sneakers which i wish it from a long time ago, the only problem is since there is a ziper that limits the internal size of those it is squeezing the top of my foots, but i loved those anyway.", "this sneaker is quite a neck turner, comfortable, beautiful and a perfect basketball shoe. you can use it for fashion too, i have had so many people ask me about this shoe...love it", "I bought these on amazon a long time ago, and they've lasted a long time. When they were new i was getting compliments all the time, and it felt pretty good, plus, they're pretty damn comfortable too. I accidentally got one of them caught in a rollercoaster so it tore up the top of the toe... which made me very sad because i love these shoes. as far as wear and tear, they've held up pretty good. i can still see the shine in the leather and i dont even clean these one bit. :) which means if you take good care of your shoes they're going to be in awesome shape, because i dont and mine are still in good shape", "Very good leather quality, although its synthetic it is pretty comfortable. The colors are exactly like the photo, so thats a good point, other shoes look completely diferente when you got em in your hands...", "I purchased these shoes at the local mall.  They are true to size and after a week or so of wearing they are very comfortable.  I have higher than normal arches and have a difficult time finding shoes that I can stand in all day comfortably.  I bought these shoes more for looks than anything and was pleasantly surprised at how comfortable they were after the initial break in.  I plan to order more through Amazon now that I know what size I wear in this style.", "These shoes will survive a full year of first grade.  they go to p.e once a week and then basketball practice on Tuesday and Thursday, so they have been used and abused.  The laces are too short for kids who are just learning or getting good at learning to tie there own  shoes.So I recommend buying longer laces. they are true to size and love very sporty.  My sons loves them.", "Kinda pricy but authentic and my wife loves them. They arrived in a timely fashion and w/o damage which is always a gamble when shipping overseas.  They've also held up well w/ pretty regular wear. So for the money, I'd have to say I'm pleased w/ the purchase. Good experience overall.", "My son is hard to fit, but Nike it pretty reliable for him.  These go up higher on the ankle than his last pair. His calves are too thick for the velcro strap to close nicely, but it does close. He really likes them because the orange color is the texture of a real basketball.  They need some breaking-in, something I heard sneakers should not need, but we are pleased with the purchase. If you are looking for the *perfect* sneakers to fit a kid with Fred Flintstone feet, you *might* want to keep looking.", "Great addition to add to any show lovers collection! Brought this item last year looking again for the same style.", "Fast service almost saved 50 bucks my friend paid 140 for the same shoes...came really fast box and shoes came in perfect cond. i will order from shoezoo again", "I love this shirt and would recommend everyone to buy more than one for it's feel and look is an amazing.", "I'm a girl and wear 8s in men, they're so stylish and cute for someone like that me that wears a lot of black! Arrived nicely packaged.", "Great product! Bought a black one before and was impressed so decided to buy the black/red for my big bro in his birthday and he was over the moon. They are great value for money, can be confused with the raptors a bit, 100% authentic since I'm a jordan fan since an early age. Thank you!P.S I advise u get a 0.5 larger and I did this timeP.S for the Supplier: I ordered size 11 and got size 11.5 I won't return though bt be careful :)", "I looked at these shoes for my 10 year old son and thought for sure there was a typo on the price, unless they come with $1,000 inside!! I'm wondering....", "Quick Shipping. Nice shoes, although I wasn't prepared for the material. Also the shows are kind of hard to get in and out of. I also don't like the way they look on my feet when looking straight down (they flatten out) but over all they're quite comfortable and look nice. While they're decent shores I probably won't but nike sweet highs again.", "I bought the shoes hoping they would fit good and they fit great and they look good,they are my favorite shoes and I wear them all the time, and I would buy another pair again", "i bought this shoe for my son.  he thinks it's a beautiful shoe.  he says that they hurt after about an hour of wear so he doesn't wear them when he's going to be on his feet long.  this shoe is definitly just for show.", "In person, they are way better.  The picture really doesn't do them much justice.  I ordered these for a family member.  She loves them.", "Amazon was the only place I could find these shoes. I love them. They are adorable. They look really cute and I love the retro look they have. They fit as expected. Wish nike would start making Cortez sneakers again. The only ones I can find in kids sizes are black, which I like, but not so much for summer. Happy with my purchase. Shipping was quick, would definitely buy these again & again!", "I love them! I am a size 5 for woman. They fit good, except that I have wide foot. I will go with 4.5  ( kids size) on my next pair", "I bought these shoes and had them directly shipped to my mothers house. These were a birthday gift for her. She loves this style. Great price on amazon.", "My favorite shoes. I just love it! fits as expected, good quality and very comfortable. Definitely worse to buy it!", "Husband really likes them, no complaints. He just golfs for fun and isn't a &#34;serious golfer&#34; but says they work great and are comfortable.", "Although my golf game continues to struggle these shoes sure make me look like I know what I am doing. The nimble fingers of the Chinese provide for the perfect shoe.", "I loved the style of the shoe, but wasn't able to find it in stores. But, I realized once I received it that they run about a half size too small. Otherwise a great quality product.", "They are comfortable and grip well.  If you are expecting spikes of old, well this is not it.  But they are the best gripping soft spike I have ever owned.The are also really comfortable.", "product came in exactly as described and sooner than i expected.i bought them for my son and he loves them", "Bought this for my husband who plays A LOT of golf and participates in MANY tournaments and he was very happy and tells me all the time how much he loves it. This is a great shoe at an even better price!", "I rate these cleats 4 out of 5 stars. Love the comfort but the picture looks MUCH better than the cleats actually do in person. They are VERY waterproof and have held up quite well for the 6 or 7 rounds I have played so far. I changed the shoe laces in them and they look much better with black or silver. Overall the price was about right at the $50 price point and I am satisfied with my purchase.", "Bought the as a gift for my Dad and gave them to him on a recent golf trip.  He played 36 holes with them right out of the box and said they were a great shoe offering lots of support and stability.  He gave them 2 thumbs up.", "the shoe fits wellit looks goodit feels goodand for a golf shoe below $60... its a good buy", "Not only did these stylish, comfortable shoes receive compliments, but they arrived days before I expected. Now, I  just need my game to look as good as the shoes! Great seller!", "I received my top. It's gourgeous. Thankyou so much!!! I'll be purchasing more. for sure when I'll need more of your products!", "I'm a 34D so this ran a bit small...I need the medium. But I LOVE the NIKE sports bras! they are the best for support for running and jumping around!", "This is an awesome sports bra. Fits perfectly and very comfortable. I ordered a second one the day after wearing it for the first time! It fits true to size as well.", "They do the work - GReat support & Quality Material- BUT beware of the SIZE I am Size Medium, and a large size would have been better. Enjoy!", "I wear a 36DD and the X-large worked perfectly. It is supportive, doesn't roll by your ribs when you work out and doesn't chaffe the skin when it is soaked in sweat. Even during breastfeeding I felt this was supportive enough. It has withstood the daily workout and wash every night without the spandex pieces wearing out, but it has only been two months.", "loved it! super comfy, just what I was looking for. would definitely recommend and will probably buy more of these.", "It is comfortable and keep your breasts well in place. I am a sport addict. Therefore, I needed something that will prevent my breasts to pop out when I am running or jumping. This bras does its job perfectly.", "Arrived very quickly and fits perfect!!! Daughter uses it for basketball and she said it's VERY comfortable and she doesn't get that \"sweaty\" feeling.", "I bought a Nike sports bra before but the &#34;small&#34; that had 34B in its size range was too small, so I purchased a &#34;medium&#34; this time around. I'm happy to say it provides a good fit.", "I wear a DD cup and this bra is very comfortable. It is great to wear \"around the house\", or for light workouts.  I liked it so much,  I think I'll order another.", "I love this sports bra. It fits so perfect and holds so well when working out.  It so slimming and makes me feel good when wearing it. I recently had issues finding a nice looking swim suit so I wore it with my bikini bottoms and so many people asked where i got it because it looked so good as a swim suit. I now own 3 in different colors and I will continue to buy more!", "The bra was ok. It however, did not provide the level of support I was expecting, especially for jogging.Perhaps, if one wears two of the bras at a time - it would provide the needed support.", "This Nike pro bra is great. The price you can not beat. It has worn very well and Has great support.", "it's perfect  !  It's just a tiny bit smaller than expected but still fits and is very  comfortable. I like this sports bra a lot", "This bra did its job. It wicked away sweat and it kept cool. However, the was a pointy spot in the bra that was digging into my skin at the neck area. Yet, I chose the size that was perfect for me and it had great support.", "This is a great bra!  It does its job well.  The bra is comfortable.  I ordered one at first, not sure if I would like it.  I soon ordered another one, and plan on ordering a third soon.", "It fit very well, It's confortable, It really works, nike pro bra it' s The best , if You need it for sport just buy it", "This fit perfectly.  I take a large, I bought a large and it fit like a large.  Very comfortable.  Nice enough to wear without a top over it and plenty of support.", "I love the comfort of this bra, this bra is cute alone for running or very comfortable under tops. very nice.", "I really liked this product.  It's just a tiny bit smaller than expected but still fits and is very comfortable.", "I tend to sweat around my breasts.  This bra helped to keep me drier than most and fit well.  That is what I was looking for in a bra. One that wicked the water away.", "Have tried other brands of sports bras but always felt &#34;squished&#34;.  Not so with this one.  It's very comfortable while being supportive at same time.", "the problem with this sports bra is that, even though it is quite comfortable, I always have that una-boob look.", "My daughter is very particular about most things and she liked this. It fit nicely and doesn't move. She was happy with it.", "I love the quality and it fits awesome. I would highly recommend to others especially if they are big busted.", "Great experience with this seller. As everybody says in its reviews, choose one size more than you normally be. Go ahead if is what you are looking for.", "Perfect! It came quick and fits great! This brand is a little tighter so if you don't own any nike pro sports bras, then maybe try one on at a store and then order.", "best bra for not too large persons; wouldn't waste time buying the padded ones since the pads aren't big enough to keep from sliding and looking funny under shirt", "Another quality product from Nike...great support and quality material.  Fits very well and doesn't &#34;ride up&#34;.  Will definately be purchasing another!", "Just what I was looking for but couldn't find locally in my size.  This Sports Bra stays put...the breast band doesn't ride or roll up and the fabric breathes nicely, wicking away any moisture.  Very comfortable too.  I'm a 38D and the XL fit perfectly.", "This is one of my favorite bras! It fits well and holds its shape. I will be purchasing more in the future", "I have tried every sports bra on the market for cycling and pole dancing. This is by far the best sports bra you can find for medium support.  I have it in 4 different colors and this one is a replacement for the black one that I bought three years ago.  Perfect fit, breathable material, very comnfortable.  LOVE IT.", "IT fit great.  It held everything in place.  I am planning on purchasing more.  I highly reccomend buying this bra.", "Excellent product. It really met my expectations. It came on time and in good conditions. I would rate it superior.", "I like this sports bra a lot.  Wasn't sure exactly what size to order after reading the reviews.  I wear a 38C and went with the XL.  It fits great - not too binding and very comfortable, yet it still holds everything in place.", "The bra fit perfect the color also was perfect and they send it quickly and in the day that they said", "It fits and comfortable. I like the fabric and it is good in my sport class. I would enjoy the sport more.", "Love it love it love it. This is the only kind of bra I wear to run of do any sports.", "I really like the sports Nike bras. They fit true to size. I was very happy to find this color. Fast shipping.", "I have had this bra for several months and it gives great support.  If you jump rope or play tennis, this is a great bra.", "shoes were in perfect condition. love them! where them all the time and everyone compliments me on them. so glad i bought them!", "came with certificate of authinticy.great quality shoes.my step daughters first pair of nikes (thanks to me) and she says all her friends are jealouse. so this is very good experience.thanks amazon.", "My 12 year old son loved these shoes. Fit great. He really liked the 4 colors of shoe laces that came with it (brilliant idea) and has changed colors twice already. Now if he can keep them clean for more than a minute! Very pleased with this purchase.", "My son picked them out and purchased them with his own money, so they are extra special to him. More importantly these shoes are very comfortable, and you can wear them all day long.", "Bought these sneaker's for my son (age 15), He states not only are they comfortable but they look nice, which he wasn't expecting. They are durable and worth the amount of money spent. I would certainly purchase this product again.", "A good solid show, just wished it wasn't so stiff at times to be considered a real running show. May be best for the gym where you do some brisk walking for warm up then standing presses and leg pushes. Then the stability in the show comes in useful.", "THEY CAN ALSO BE USED FOR A REGULAR SNEAKER .  VERY LIGHT AND COMFORTABLE TO TAKE ON VACATIONSI WOULD RECOMMEND THEM", "PERFECT FIT.  GREAT FOR SUMMER HEAT.  NOT AS STURDY AS REGULAR GOLF SHOES, BUT I WOULD DEFINETLY RECOMMEND THESE AND WOULD BUY ANOTHER PAIR AS NEEDED.", "Pretty, comfortable, not overpriced - everybody including me loved these shoes.  Went very well with my Boss Green dress. :)", "The Nike shoes came quickly and in good shape.  The advertized shoes looked and were constructed as advertized.  I might order another pair as they are comfortable and light-weight.  I first learned of themthrough my sister-in-law who loves them as well.", "its good sporty and the person who i give it to she love it so much that she asked me for one more.", "These are great summer golf shoes. They are light weight and very comfortable. I have them in both black and white.", "The summer is hot hot hot and the last thing I want is my feet sweating when I play golf. The shoes feel good on and are very light to walk in. Good buy.", "Great shoe keeps my feet cool and yet it still has great support for walking 9 holes.I wouldn't wear when it's wet outside, but it was great during the hot summer days instead of trying a sandal golf shoe.", "These are my sixth pair of golf shoes. These are the best. Airy, springy, totally comfortable. They fit as expected because they give. I have a new tan on the top of my feet, if you don't want that, put on a bit extra sunscreen.", "Light weight perfect for hawaii. no tongue on shoe, but I knew that from the reviews. I would recommend for warm climates.", "The shoes fit perfectly and have plenty of room in the toe box.  I have tried on other golf shoes and they are always pointed and too small in the toe box.  These are very comfortable.", "these golf shoes are nice ...wind goes right through them so they are definitely a summer shoe.  I like everything nike though.", "Love them. Fit perfect.", "Ok, I am going to admit I am a little obsessive about this golf shoe.  I own five pairs of them (keep two pairs at a beach house and have three different colors) and I am bummed they have changed the style this year.  They are a cross between a sandal and a tennis shoe.  The criss cross lace on the top is open and the weave of the fabric is open so they feel light, airy and comfortable.  Great stylish, summer golf shoe. I have received soooo many compliments and now most of my golfing buddies have gone out and purchased. The only complaints I have are that they are not super supportive (I just use an insert to add arch support) and I have the oddest (but cute) tan lines from the open weave laces.", "Great golf shoe, especially for a beginner golfer.  Cool and comfortable fit.  I would recommend to friends and others to buy.", "Very nice looking shoe. Comfortable feel and fit when tried on.  Have not worn yet. More Spring & summer style..", "I'm not a golfer but I thought these were the coolest pair of shoes that I've ever seen I tried them on and they are so comfortable and airy.....", "Daughter has a wide foot and this pinches... the shoes are great in quality and description, Just didn't fit her foot very well.", "Love these shoes now have them in 3 colors . Great for the summer. Nice and light weight. Hard to find navy golf shoes, so really happy.", "Light weight great summer shoe", "wow nice shoes !Great and confortable , nice feeling when you walk , it really desirve the price , high quality !  love walking in them! Nike is the best!!!!!!", "My mother in law like them, she says this pair of shoes are very soft and have a great desing:)", "Love these golf shoes. They come in different colors and machine washable.Very light and plenty of compliments about the color and the cute style.", "Good everyday shoes. I wore my last pair sightseeing and with black pants. . But for an hour and a half of mall walking, I had to buy &#34;Nike Air&#34; instead.  I felt the balls of my feet aching if I did a Zumba Class or a long walk in Nike Free. I think the Nike Air will serve one better for long walks. I still love Nike. They are a great fit for me and I wear them until the tread is smoothed out.", "I really like the look of this shoe. I been wanting some all black tennis shoes. Not as comfortable/flexible as my other pair of free runs but still good.", "Love these!  Light weight, but yet very supportive.  They do run a bit small. I would suggest ordering a half-size up.", "Bought these for my 4 year old, he wore them until they did not fit any more. These are good quality, still in ok condition for my younger son to wear.", "Nice kicks!", "I wear these sunglasses when I go running and they are great.  Very light weight and comfortable, and they wrap around slightly so they cover the sun from the sides too.  My husband thinks they look more likes sunglasses for men, but when I'm running/exercising I don't really care that much about appearances!", "Great shoes. They look, feel and fit great. The price of the shoes is extremely reasonable and i received them on time. Extremely content with this stores services and product.", "Swearing these low top runs!! My beautiful wife ordered them for me and im totally stoked!! Every simple man should own a pair of these but different ones !! Sweet walks!!", "I really really enjoyed these shoes they lasted about 4 years from pretty heavy use they became my around the house shouse after 1st year but they still stayed clean and served there purpose way after there retirement.", "I bought these recently and really like them. They are incredibly comfortable and very light as well. They are pricey but definitely worth it.", "Have had two pair of these sandals.  they are wonderful and hold up to a lot.  Use them even as regular evey day shoes in warm weather.  Grandbaby has a high arch and the velcro really helps the fit and ease of getting on.", "This shoe was beyond my expectations, it is soft and the color bright and beautiful. I got this for a two year old, she loves it, she can walk with it better than her sneakers. It bends easily while she is walking . Also very light weight .", "nice color nice design", "My son loves these and wore them the first day he received them.  Because is is a keeper the color highlights his position and make him stand out.", "They are so cute. I am going to purchase another pair. The first pair I gave to my best friend for Christmas.", "Love itFriends onlyGrave me a Lot ofCompliment's onThisProductWill Love it in yourHouse to wear", "They are eye catching but not overly flashy.  They are even more comfortable than you would expect for the money.  I walk different in them because it's like walking on goodness.If you can't find an all white shoe you like...these are just as good, the colors on the top of the shoe are pretty subtle.I have no input on their performance for running.  I have not been chased in them, so I haven't ran in them yet.  But, I feel as though if danger were imminent, or someone challenged me physically, I would watch them get smaller as I ran away in the Perfect Shoe.", "This would have gotten a perfect score but the size was a bit tight for a size 12. Otherwise I really like the look of these.", "These tennis look really nice but after being in them for more than 8 hours, my feet began to hurt.", "Love this sneaker. Dont know why they dont make new colors more often. This is the only sneaker I buy!", "I'm happy!! I got just what i expected. Nice color, right size, beautiful design. It was a cool experience shopping on line.", "Perfect", "Really like these shoes.", "I love it! Very light, cute, and the color is great!  At gym, park, or just use it for a relaxed look!", "Not as good on trail as extpected. Not waterproof", "I got this for my nephew who just turned 13.  He LOVES it!  He trhinks it's cool.  It has all the right stuff and it fits.  Couldn't have done any better!", "A cute watch (even though I'm a woman and this is a boy's watch), fits perfectly, simple to use, great contrast, large numbers.  And I looove the orange detail.", "I never thought I'd ever say this about any Nike product, but these sneakers I couldn't play in, let alone wear. Looks better than they felt.", "I can't say enough about these shoes. They are so comfortable, and nice looking shoe also. I get compliments too. These a good product.", "Great shoes! I ordered them for running, but when they arrived, thought they looked a bit more like tennis shoes. Wore them on my regular jog anyway and have been pleasantly surprised!  Very comfortable, good cushioning. True, a serious runner would probably want specifically designed running shoes, I am a slow jogger who does not do long distances. I like the leather surface that can be cleaned easily. Great shoes, great service from company. Thanks!", "These are the best pair of sunglasses that i have ever owned. they fit perfectly and dont move around while doing any kind of physical activity. i love them.", "Took these to Israel for a month. They fit and work like a dream. The ear pieces are really long but flexible and actually make the glasses fit better. The nose piece has some soft rubber ridges which look uncomfortable but instead make the nose piece breathable and very comfortable while keeping a good grip on your nose bridge.", "Perfect all around sandal. Great for the beach but stylish enough to wear anywhere. Reasonable price. Will buy again when needed", "Product arrived before expected.  Excellent slides.  Would order from this website again. Package arrived intact. Price was the best we found out of all the others.", "These slides are what you are looking for... They fit well, dont make you sweat, comfortable and ultra light! Thy make you feel barefoot, but with stability", "These are the most comfortable slides I ever wore-would highly recommend for anyone, they formed well on my feet and traction was great", "These shoes run true to size. are comfortable and VERY purple.I would have liked them a few shades lighter.", "Wanted a new set of shoes and loved the ones I had, so ordered another pair.  Run the same size as the original so would order the correct size you are", "These shoes are light, durable and provide good traction for a beginning runner. We purchased these shoes for our10 year old son for summer speed camp and he loved wearing them instead of cross- trainers for running sprints. I would recommend these to anyone looking for a good track shoe.", "This shoe was great it didn't last me more than 3 months though it was great And i really liked it", "My son had his mind set on this shoe and I checked four stores locally and wasn't able to find the size he needed so I ordered them from Amazon. My son loves to run and he LOVES these shoes. Very pleased.", "This shoe fit great, the colors was vibrant and overall a good shoe.  However, the insole had a bubble in it that couldn't be permanently smoothed out and caused irritation.  We returned for a refund.  Happy with company and would purchase again.", "My boys love this shoe.  Kids at school think they are cool because they wear this particualr style of Nike.  They are shoes that don't wear out in the first month which saves me money in the long run.", "Bought these for my son, and he loves them! Still going strong 3 months later.Just as an FYI, I was able to wash these without issue in hot water in my front-load washing machine, and they came out as good as new. The color is great, but can start looking dingy when they are used and abused, as boys are apt to do. It was nice to be able to get them shined right back up without any trouble.", "This running shoe is the shoe my 10 year old son was dreaming about so I ordered it without even knowing if I was ordering the correct size.  He absolutely love their vibrant yellow color, they fit perfectly and are very comfortable to run in he tells me!  Thanks, I may need to order a pair for  myself!!", "These were the apple os my daughters eye. Of course online everything looks good, but in person this color really pops. SHe has so many items this color with this new neon craze and these complements most of them. The fit is great and she expressed running in them feels great.", "I get compliments on these shoes wherever I go. They fit a little small at first but since I've been wearing them they feel a lot better. They're very comfortable and look great!", "Sized up half a size and they fit great.  Nice and bright, 7th grade boy loves them.  Price was about what I would pay anywhere else and they were delivered on time, without me having to fight mess at the mall/store.", "my girls love this shoes, at first you have get use to them but after you get use to them you will love them", "Doesn't fit too snuggly, but I'm a Nike person so that did not matter and it's a great product for the price.", "very nice sunglasses, fits perfectly, the uv protection is good and the color of the glasses are fine and match with the white", "My son started training at ymca last year and at his growing stage of middle school time was gifted with theses shows. His excitment and later comfort and fitness of the shoes on the field is the best output. He has used the shoes for almost a year and still in good condition.", "I bought this for my son and he said the fit is great and he plays soccer well in them. Also the shoe is put together very well and looks like it will last for a long time. I will be a repeat customer.", "The reviews and description were spot on. Price was good and product was delivered promptly. Love the glasses wore them extensively on vacation for two weeks. They fit well and I like how they wrap around and block sun from the side. This is why I buy things from Amazon and not  bricks and mortar retailers.", "I got these Air Jordan's for my 15 year old son and they have been great. He loves the way they feel on his feet. They have a sock like material around the heal, so they do not rub or cause discomfort. I will definely purchase one's like it in the future.Satisfied Mom,Cedar Falls, IA", "i bought this one for my oldest son and he totally like it ! yeah its look great and so cool!", "Great shoes but more for style than actually playing ball in.  True to size and tight firm fit; but comfortable.", "Use to be a fan of another well known brand of athletic shoes but have become a firm believer in the Nike brand.  Intelligent engineering made with quality and excellent cushioning for a women's foot.  They know what they are doing.", "These are great cleats and we received them quickly.They are comfortable and high performance-work well on turf and grass.", "These shoes are very comfortable and they run true to size.  There was a break-in period because I usually wear a size 12 in boots, so I took a risk getting the 11.5 for these Nike Total90 Laser III.", "Very comfortable and lightweight! I used them for Zumba and strength training.  They are supportive, yet not confining. Would purchase again! Love the colors!", "They fit great, and are very comfortable to play with.  They felt perfect since the first day I used them.", "They are not only good for running they also look grate! maybe bit expansive but very good choice.thank you..", "I love these shoes. I got them in size 5 and was really nervous they wouldn't fit because when I took them out the box they looked so tiny but the shoes fit like a glove. Really nice shoes", "Nike Air Force 1 shoes are the most comfortable sneakers I have tried on.  Great quality, love the shoe, and I will be purchasing more.  This is the real deal, not a Nike knock off!", "I dont no what was reppened. Too large, i wil make some adjust. i can't return it, i am im Brazil.", "Nice top, just had to have it taken in as it was too large for my wife!", "I absolutely love these shoes :) they looked great out of the box, and a year later they still do! shipping was great, and done in a timely manner> no problems", "These shoes are cute. My daughter has worn these shoes out and they still look presentable because of the patent leather and print at the toe. I would buy these again.", "I love these sunglasses.  I had to get a second pair because my wife stole the first ones!", "The Nike Skylon Ace with the Anthracite Max Speed Tint is great.  Great fit and lightweight. Fits my face perfect and no outside reflection comes through the sides.  The arms either lock open or lock closed; no in between action on arms.  The lens gives a slight reddish highlight to everything making golf greens reading more clear.  The downside is that because they are so lightweight, they feel like they could break when opening or closing the arms (just a feeling..not sure about the real strength of the product).  I love them though...great fit, no slippage, and so lightweight I can hardly feel them; play golf and tennis in them.", "I am very happy with this purchase. Wearing it while driving, doing sports and daily casual. Very light and comfortable. Thanks.", "The frames are lightweight and fit snug. the max speed lenses are great, they do not darken your sight picture like other lenses, they remove glare and make things very crisp. I use these for high speed driving, they are outstanding for driving.", "I have been running, road biking, hiking, dog walking in these since the original date of purchase in 2008.  B/c others had mentioned how the glasses easily crack in the center, I am pretty conscientious about them but that happened to mine as well after 3 years.  Ergo, I came to Amazon to find another/last pair in the world.  Why you ask??  Fits my pea sized head and I look famous, have had dozens of compliments and hoards of others look at me like I'm some superstar.  Performance is spectacular.  Excellent visual clarity, and widest field of vision.  Rubber tips on arms and nose piece keep these from budging but not so much that it pulls your hair out by the roots to set them atop your head.  NIKE:  please continue this awesome shield.....we gals like to look great while getting our sweat on!", "Love these glasses. Comfortable and lightweight and great deal for the money. Liked them so much that my husband wanted a pair too.", "Bought for my grandson and he loves them he thinks the box they came in is really cool too. He carries the shoes and/or box around the house when he is not wearing them for basketball. Excellent price too!!", "Visor delivered was as described and expected. Great quality. It has been washed (but never dried) many times since purchased. Color has not faded, it has endured very well. Very nice. Thank you.", "I love how this hat fit especially since I wear a ponytail a lot! It's super cute and I can feel sporty and look great at the same time!", "Bought these for my son, who won't wear anything else but Nike Air Max running sneakers.  He loved them, fit was as always true to size.  I look for different colors every year!", "i seen these and order them and just got to say they look even better in person very fast shipping its got 2 black on them so easy to match up with outfits i really love these shoe very nice fit it was hard to ware them outside i didnt want to get them dirty but they cleaned very easy and are like new", "The color in the picture shows a Cobalt Blue Vest, which is what I thought I ordered.The vest that was delivered was Navy Blue. I thought the picture was misleading.The quality of the vest is excellent but the color was not what I thought it was.", "Product is beautiful, and the severity is very excellent", "My favorite shirt to wear during the summer.  Very comfortable, light, so breathable...playing on those hot summer days was absolutely no problem at all for me.  Bought another again in a different color I liked it so much.", "Very vibrant color.  Great product. Highly recommend this product.  Can be worn on its on or under a V-neck sweater.", "My clothes horse nephew is on the golf team and really liked the weight of the shirt.  Good purchase for 14 year old!", "Shirt is nice and exactly what I expected. I would buy again in different color. Very nice Nike Golf shirt.", "This shirt exactly matched the shorts for which I purchased it.  Great shirt.", "When my husband's birthday rolled around this year as usual I was racking my brain trying to come up with a useful gift he would enjoy,  which is not easy to do!Since he loves to golf I went the golf gift route!  I chose this shirt,  Nike Golf Men's Tour Pleat Short,  some socks and some golf balls.Needless to say he was one happy camper!He absolutely loves this shirt!  It keeps him cool on the course and there is no  interference with range of swing motion.  He says it's extremely comfortable.The orange color looks fantastic with his gray hair.  He typically doesn't pick vivid colors such as this but based on the compliments he has received I think he's getting over the fear of bright colors!The medium fits him perfectly.  He's short for a man (5\"7) but the shirt doesn't hang down too long on him making him look frumpy.The shirt  washes beautifully and no need to put in dryer.  Just hang and it dries very quickly.  In fact it's practically dry when it comes out of the washer. :)  No wrinkles!The quality is exceptional and in my opinion worth the price!", "Nike seems to be one of those companies that size larger than most.  I have a 42&#34; inch chest and normally wear size large.  I have these shirts in large and I swim in them - both length and all over.  Medium fits better but it is almost like I need a medium-large.  I would much rather use medium than swimming in a large.Keep that in mind if you buy these shirts - other than that, they are beautiful shirts!", "Well made, nice pattern on shirt, rich subtle look. Breaths well, great material. Trying to find other colors same item my size.", "All Nike Golf shirts made from DriFit material run large in size compared to a standard t-shirt.  I typically wear a 40&#34;-42&#34; chest size L shirt; however, for these Nike golf shirts the appropriate size at 42&#34; chest is Medium (large chest and thin waist).  The body mapping fit is tighter than their standard golf shirt, which is what you would expect given the name.  If you've got some really big guns, the sleeves might be a bit tight, but this shirt fits great for a person with an athletic build.  It is made from good quality materials, but for the cost of the shirt I would expect nothing less.  You are also paying a few $ for the brand name.  Great shirt for warm weather.  Material moves well; ideal for golf or tennis, or casual wear on a hot afternoon.  The hem has a side split so it looks appropriate if worn un-tucked.", "Normally I don't like purchasing shoes without trying them on but decided to take a chance on these. I am very pleased with these shoes. Solidly constructed and durable. Surprisingly comfortable for me as well.", "Perfect shoe for your year round golfer!  My husband is kind of picky with his golf shoes and he just loves these!  He says they fit perfect and his feet feel much better than any other shoe he has had. Great traction and easy to clean up too!  Perfect gift for the golfer in your life!!", "I purchased these shoes to begin my hobby of golf. I was looking for a cheaper golf shoe, but with a little quality and style to get me started. After purchasing these shoes, I couldn't be happier. They came in the original box and are well worth the price. For the occasional golfer, these really provide a good quality material.I would recommend these shoes to anyone else looking for a more affordable shoe, but wants to be spared the cost.", "great price for a good pair of golf shoes...they fit like sneakers and feel a lot more confortable than my traditional nike golf shoes", "purchased a pair of golf shoes for my son for christmas, his shoe size is 10 1/2 so when i ordered a 10 1/2 and they came, my husband tried them on and they fit him who is a size 9 so i had to return them.  with plenty of time before christmas i ordered a 11 1/2 thinking a full size would be right since there was a 1 1/2\" size between my son and husband.  when they came i wrapped them. when opened for christmas, my son tried them on and they were too big. i'm in the process of returning them now for size 11. hope they fit. the company was very helpful in rushing my order to me. knowledge of how nike's shoes run in size would have saved me a lot of trouble.", "I bought these for my husband after he had been eyeing them for a few months. He wanted something that felt more like sneakers (with grip) than a traditional saddle shoe. He was so excited about these shoes - says they are super comfortable and he feels like his game got better b/c of it!!", "These shoes arrived quickly and were just as pictured.  I broke them in for the first time on the golf course playing 2 days in a row 18 holes. Very comfortable no problems whatsoever best part they look really good especially when I played pebble beach. Good quality and very affordable", "These have been great shoes for golf. They are inexpensive but not cheap. They keep my feet dry and work great on the course. I think they also look great!", "These shoes are great.  The grip well, they're waterproof, they look sharp, and they are comfortable.  I'd also add the fit true to size.  If you're on the fence, don't be.", "the most comfortable golf shoe i have ever worn..and it was completely waterproof..no problems at all ..super light weight..great..super.what else is there too say", "They aren't quite like MJ's but thats good because i dont want to golf like him anyways!  Glad he is stickin to the bball shoes scene.  This shoe has greatly improved my golf experience.  I still hit the ball in the trees and water but at least I look good while I am lookin for it!  Really throws everyone off in the clubhouse! They all think, based on the fact that i have golf shoes, that i know how to golf.  Jokes on them when the tee shot from hole #1 hits a house and the mulligan hits a car.  Thanks for keepin me classy nike!", "For the price, these are great name brand shoes. They are comfortable and keep my feel dry (very important). No problems with the size, they fit perfect and didn't need to be broken in. I would buy these again and recommend them to others.", "its almost a year I am using this shoes and works perfectly and no body can beat this price. great product.", "Very comfortable shoe for a great price. I wear a size 14 shoe but a size 13 worked just fine for me! Wore them a couple of times without socks to break them in & they fit perfect now!Great golf shoe without breaking the bank.They come in an assortment of colors & sizes.", "I just love this shoes perfect for running..I love wearing them!!", "I chose this rating because the socks where very soft and fit very well, I wish I would have got more.", "Too cute, great fit, washes up nicely. Love it.  My Daugherty looked cute in the outfit.  I would recommend this.", "awesome jordan set for my 3 mo. old. very cute. only complain is that i wish the booties were more thick. i ordered a black set similar to this & the booties were alot thicker but othr than that its so cute:)", "Super Cute! Mommy and Daddy to be loved it! Loved the color. The one I received was black and pink.", "My husband is a basketball player so im sure our princess will be as well this is the cutest outfit! I just wish you made 6 to 12 months! Arrived 2 days early ! Very pleased!", "Very cute and as pictured. This was picked out by my boys to bring lil sis home from hospital", "Bought this for my niece that's coming here in June an I hope it fits her just perfect because it's adorable", "Bought this for my great neice and it worked out great....we were very pleased and it was so cute and fit perfect", "This is the best tennis that I already bought, considering Asic Gel-Kinetic, Nike Elite and Nike Air Alaris. He has a good stability, is well ventilated, great cushioning with good return.", "My husband likes these shoes so much I ordered another pair exactly like these. He calls them his Roll Tide shoes.", "very comfy, look decent. would not play soccer in them though....meant to be running shoes. the sole has a good cushion, hence helps when running.", "I bought these shoes since I was doing the nike plus thing and wow these are great. Like every new shoe I had to break them in but ever since then they have been great I've walked a lot in these and they are fantastic. I have even gone out on days after it has rained and in the snow and my feet don't end up soaked like with normal tennis shoes. My favorite shoes ever, I use them every day and when these wear down I will be buying the same ones again.", "great shoe, fits well but would love to see nike zoom vomeros come in different color choices!!  too much white on this shoe & not enough gray = gets dirty easily :)", "Nice design, color and provides good support. My son likes the new Nike line and was pleased with this shoe.", "Just the right shoe for runningPerfect fit and colorHad Free Run 3 version before and wanted to try the next level up", "Very comfortable and used these shoes throughout by P90x of 4 months and they kept my feet nice and happy", "I run an average of 10-15 miles per week, so having good running shoes is very important to me. I just purchased these shoes a few weeks ago and have been very happy. These shoes are the most comfortable I have ever used. The support and stability is excellent. Plus, they look great.", "I get so many compliments on these bad boys.  I love them...they are really comfortable.  Great to run in and overall look gret.", "Very cool shoes and excellent quality.  My boy love it. I really recommend it, very comfortable shoes. Not only for basketball.", "not sure if it comes accross well on pc  but shoes looked great and were as desired ive tried to research them to see if theyare authentic but if they are im verypleased with there quality", "Haven't tried them yet but the product was shipped as ordered. As soon as my son tells me how comfortable they are I will be posting it.", "I have been training to get back in shape and shed the extra weight I have put on having my kids and ect.  I have very sensitive feet. Most shoes take so long for me to wear them in to make them comfortable that by the time that happens...I have worn them out!!  I recently went to the NIKE outlet and tried on so many pairs of shoes I thought were \"cute\" and had no luck until I tried these on!!  I got a great deal (59.99) and I have been satisfied with them from the day I took them home.  I was just wearing them to the gym and when I walked or jumped rope outside but I have now started wearing them to work also!!  I work in a old Hospital with hard floors and I walk ALOT during my shift(s) and these shoes are the only ones I own that I can wear the whole shift without wanting to cry!!  I LOVE THEM!!  I am dissapointed that I can purchase the same exact shoe...but I see NIKE has began to make other shoes in this line similar to these...I just hope they are as reliable as these.  #sogladtohaveashoethatworks YaY!!", "Like the other reviewer, I have a pair of Nike Free 7.0 shoes that I have worn into the ground.  Now that I am looking for a replacement pair, I see that Nike has discontinued the line and there no place online to get this version.  It's a shame because I love, love, love these shoes.  Nike, please bring back the Free 7.0 for men!", "I don't have these exact shoes but I do own a pair of Nike 7.0. Let me tell you this, these shoes are something else. They have strengthened my legs, feet, calves and my shins. I'm a heavy person, about 225lbs and I run in these to get into shape. I used these shoes to train for the agility test for the police department and I blew them away, i was the first one to cross the finish line, you should have seen the look on peoples face when I came in first. they could not believe a person of my size could run that fast.I'm not saying that I'm the fastest person alive but, training with these shoes have made me run faster by strengthening muscles that are not used when running with a regular running shoe. Regular running shoes are too soft and weaken the muscles. Nike Free Runners do the opposite, they strenghen them up. \"Awesome\" shoes and I don want to by a new pair.", "Sexy, fits perfect, colors amazing, light weight, and looks great. Of course roshe runs are in high demand so why not get them? There amazing.", "I've been looking into these shoes for a while now and I'm so glad that I got them. They are perfect for running, I've been using them for about a month now and they're my favorite! I do have a somewhat wider foot, but it doesn't bother me at all with these shoes. It goes without saying these are great for running, but what really drew me in was the color! The pink is perfect... not too bright, not too dull. Yes, they will make you stand out, but in the best way. LOVE!!", "I absolutely love roshes! And these pink ones were pretty uncommon, so i just HAD to get them. It's a bit more pricier than the other roshe runs, but by the way they look and feel.. I must say it was worth every dollar! It is far more comfortable than the free runs i bought from nike, all thanks to the sole! So, if you're a runner like myself and who loves going to the gym, and who also appreciates great comfort then these are definitely for you!", "You can't see the white reflection spots in shoes. Nice shoes tho if you like that look. They are light weight!", "Love the shoes, however I do not like that the seller did not provide original nike box, makes me wonder why", "These shoes are super light and very cushy for a nice run. I really like them. They do not go with some of my work out clothes, but are definitely very cute.", "Shoe fits awesome + so comfy!", "My mom loved it, i gave it to her for mothers day. She said its comfortable and flexible and she didnt have to break them in. The problem I have is that, the price was too much. I found the exact same pair at the mall for way less than the one on here. I recommend shopping around first before buying.", "The sport shoes are what I expected, except for they are a bit larger than other size 8 nikes I own. I am keeping them cause they still fit ok and I am using them as a walking shoe versus a fitness shoe.", "Ended up selling these to a friend and buying a pair in my size. The description said a men's 7 which would have been a women's 9 but they were a women's 7. They are however the most comfortable running shoe. A lot of support. Light and super cushioned. Shipping was fast also.", "love them , everything i expected . there just like the picture but even better . im very happy with my shoes", "It was a gift. They loved it and they fit perfectly.", "Love the look and the comfort of the sole but the shoe runs very large. I've never had this problem with Nike sizing before I've been wearing Nike for 20 years.", "I bought these for my daughter and she loves them! Very stylish and comfortable. I think I may need to get the ones in black too!", "These shoes were amazing! No one has the color which always gets my attention! I love the neon! Thanks guys", "The sneakers are comfortable and lightweight for my many miles of running. Good price. I'm not sure about durability as I only had them for a month but so far so good. I'm glad I purchased them.", "These are a bit brighter than the picture, but I love them.  They are super light, and they are snazzy!  Love them!", "These are probably the most comfortable pair of sneakers I have ever owned.  They fit like Keds on a skate border so I feel kind of old for them (40), but in the end the comfort trumps all.", "I've been using Nike Dual Fusion ST2 shoes to run.  I run about 3 miles a day, and wore out the shoes.  So I thought I try these new and improved Dual Fusion Run2 shoes.  Well, the first week I developed a huge blister on my right toe, so I bought another pair of ST2 and no problems.  So if you run a lot, beware of blisters.", "Thanks! Everything it's ok with delivery of T-shirt, was a gift for somebody. Good price, good product, the T-shirt  is working perfectly. The purchase is totaly ok!", "Purchased for my nephew as it is the football season and he loves them. He says they are very comfortable and they look great.", "They look really good and feel soo comfortable and comes really fast after order great seller and great product can't wait to use them for football in the spring.", "Excellent shoe, worth the money. It was for my son, he played all season in them they held up well and were still intact when he got rid of them. The shipping and product were great.", "Great shoes. I wish you offered more in my size 14. But big feet get a slim selection. Maybe in the future you will continue to get sizes bigger then 12.", "these kicks r real MVP, i love them, they complete my Swag.If you want to walk with the MVP grab yourself a pair,", "Product was a nice product - I did not pay attention to the size and they ended being a little too narrow for my head but that's my fault for not paying attention to that.  Otherwise great company and good product.", "Feels good on my feet", "Very nice.Friend love the product.", "These slides are very comfortable and my teenage daughter loves them. They are a bit smaller than expected but fit her comfortably.", "Sits firmly on my head, comfortable and good and clear vision. great sunglasses!Had Nike sunglasses before and they got scratched.", "I bought these for golfing and they provide great high definition, especially in bright light. They work well for driving (a car) too! They are darker than I expected and I think they would do well in bright snow light. The down side is that they may be too dark in the lower light. I walked into a thick woods to search for my golf ball and I had to remove them. But no lens is going to function perfectly in all conditions. The frame is comfortable and durable. Then, however, I had them in my jacket pocket and when I bent over to pick something up they got piched between my quad muscle and my Molson muscle and they snapped in half! So much for durabilty. They should have never broken that easily. I'm trying to send them back now. Apparently I can receive partial credit but don't know the details. To be continued.", "comfortable frames.  not convinced that the lens i chose does what the nike website claimed, that the lens would make it easier to see in contrasting light situations: shadows and bright sunlight.  also the lens are difficult to swap in and out.", "Great product, and no more considerations to tell, write ou manifest from anything means to do this, and so on.", "The sunglases are best of the best....nice vision in the morning and in the afternon....I like style. ...I like color", "This sunglasses fit great and look good. I love running in them. For the price they are a great deal. I recieved the sunglasses in only two days and the box even included a Twizzler. I am very happy with the sunglasses.", "I look pretty well with them. They just do what they have to do at a great price. They are the best running glasses I could find.", "I got these for my husband.  Now my uncle and my kids want them too.  Great clarity and comfortable fit.", "I use these for golf and love them.  has interchangeable lenses but I stayed with the outdoor.  nice if you can find them", "Feels cheap, but the lens is pretty good.  It is large and fits comfortable on my nose and side of face.I think Oakley makes much better sun glasses, but for the price this is not bad.I would not recommend this product because it is too expensive for such a cheap feeling sunglasses.", "These were a gift for my daughter who requires complete eye protection. They were received quite well, she loved them!", "Seller sent quickly.  These are a great combo everyday/exercise pair of sunglasses.  Light is blocked from the sides, wrap around design so you barely see the frames when wearing them.  Stays secure, yet doesn't push on sides of my head and the nose bridge doesn't irritate or slide around.", "I love how the lenses are a good size to block out sunlight from coming right over the top.  They really are pretty glasses.  I have the tortoise and black pairs.  I get lots of compliments on mine.  They are also super comfy on my face; hardly know they are there.", "These sunglasses fit great and are dark enough to block out the bright Florida sun. This is my second pair of Nike sunglasses and both are great. Very comfortable. Highly recommend.", "This shoe is perfect for school. Especially since they are required to wear uniform. Khaki and white are two of the colors that can be worn. I just love the look. My son loves them! So if he is satisfied with them I most definitely am! I will continue to order through Amazon because I haven't had any disappointments from either of the other orders. Great company!", "this are bamf shoes and i reccomend emlace em up right and show em offi got tow pairs in diff colors and love emthey are loudstylishand casualgood shoes***", "Of the nicest shoes that i buy in my life, it's very comfortable to walk and strikin&lt; i love it", "I ordered these sneakers and thought that perhaps I ordered the wrong size but it turned out that they were just perfect.  They only not fit perfectly buy but the colors were just right too.  I am completely satisfied with them. Maybe I was lucky but I would order them again and would recommend to anyone who into Nike sneakers.  Even my first first pair were great.  I love them more than these.  Especially the colors.  The white with purple.  I intend to get another pair.  Thank you guys.", "The Nike Air Tri-D III shoes were specially designed and built for running, you can tell that immediately. *Very* lightweight, *very* comfortable, the midsole does provide ample midfoot/forefoot cushioning... they're just great. And very good looking, too! I use them on pavement and thanks to both the Air technology on the heel and the generous amount of cushioning on the midsole you feel you're walking on a pillow. I try to jog with them but my feet immediately want to fly. Well done, Nike!", "I was able to find these shoes at a reasonable price on Amazon.  They fit my son perfectly and he loves them.", "My son loves them brand new got there fast they were amazing and the box was new great sellers here", "very beautiful shoes my daughter loves it100 percent authenticshipping was as expected as well thank you very muchI plan to buy more in the future", "I ordered these shoes on Nov 14  and got them on Nov 18 fast delivery also it says pre- school but i ordered a size 3 and the size was correct when i recieved them great service.", "This sneaker purchase was a little pricey but worth it. Good quality for the money. And I received it by mail very quickly.", "I ordered this item hoping it would be exactly what I wanted and it was. I was most pleased with the product, couldn't ask for anything better. Two thumbs up!!", "Very comfortable sandal. Good for all day use as life guard walking on concrete. True to size. Remaining odor free with high usage.", "I bought this Nike Sweet for my 15 tear old daughter and she's very happy with it. Everyone says that it looks elegant.", "These are the Most comfortable pair of running shoes I've ever owned!  My heals have been beginning to bother me and these shoes sure make walking So much better...plus they are the Perfect color orange!  I love them!", "I've had these shoes for a couple of weeks now and I LOVE them. They are extremely comfortable and the orange color is fantastic.  I read the reviews and I ordered a larger size  up and they are a perfect fit.", "These are the most comfortable workout shoes I've ever had. I have four different colors and get constant complements on all of them. Well worth the price!", "It fits perfectly. The shoes are great, it fits perfectly and they are great! The color, the material and the fit is perfect!", "super comfortable! I use them for going to the gym and they are perfect. I did order a half size larger then my regular shoe size.", "I bought these shoes because I heard they were good shoes for people with flat feet. My hips usually bother me but since I've started wearing these no problems. Super comfy, and cute! Stylish.  I didn't think they'd be that bright, but I love them! I'm confident that I've found a shoe that will give me no problems. I'm a size 8 and I got a size 9 because everybody in the comments was saying they came too small. I probably could have got away with getting a 8 1/2 but they're still great.", "These are the best, most comfortable running shoes I can imagine. If I had the money for 10 more pairs I'd buy them in a heartbeat! They run about a half size smaller than most shoes!", "These shoes fit and feel like a glove. The are very lightweight and easy to run in. I would buy every color if I could:)", "The Nike Free 5.0 running shoe was exactly what my daughter wanted, and needed for track.  She loves the color, fit, and breath ability of these shoes!  I would buy them again in a heart beat!", "These shoes are so awesome!!! They feel so great!I will tell my friends to get them......I will get them in pink", "I don't mind it actually, just was expecting actual yellow. I ordered a size up because everyone knows Nike running always runs small.  But these still felt small. I was going to return them but didn't wanna deal with the hassle so wore them once to the gym, and they feel much better, loosened up around the tongue area and now they may just be the most comfortable shoe I own:)", "The fit of these Nike's are perfect!!Love the neon yellow; comfortable shoes that I use for 4.5 mile walks", "I was forewarned by my runner friends to buy these shoes exactly one size bigger than my actual shoe size which seemed crazy to me but they were right and they fit me perfectly! This shoe is extremely light weight and unbelievably flexible. I have pretty sensitive feet and am susceptible to blisters on my heels and the ball of my foot, but right out of the box, I went on a three mile walk and my feet were great. Seriously, this is the best running shoe I have ever bought!", "I have very high arches and am a neutral runner. Great fit, great shoe! Love love love nike frees!!! :)", "My daughter got then for her self and when I try them on I love the way they felt so I bough me a pair, love the color, all my friend from work like then too, everything was perfect!!!:) thank you!!!!", "I love these shoes for work!", "These were a gift for my wife and she loves them. They look great and she says they fit perfect.", "My wife is a true 8 and we read reviews that the shoe fits a little snug and bought a 1/2 size up and she loves it. They are super super comfortable walking and running shoes.", "these are my second pair of nikes and by far my fav pair of shoes!! there so comfy and flexibly and light! i love them!", "They're so super comfy.  I wear them to work, run in, do yard work in, etc. etc. etc!  Will definitely order another pair from Amazon.", "Comfortable running shoes ! Love these sneaks! Came faster than I expected which is great! :) Great support in the feet. Great buy!", "Love these sneaks! Came faster than I expected which is great! Love the color. Great support in the feet. A little snug but fits great! Great buy!", "These shoes fit snug and secure as I had hoped! Nike always runs a half shoe size smaller than I normally wear so I always go up half a size. Normally I wear an 8 but I ordered the 8.5 and they fit perfectly! These are my primary racing shoes so it's very important that they feel good all around. I am very happy with them.", "Great comfy shoes. My daughters love these lightweight shoes. I am planning on getting a pair myself. Love the great new colors.", "I have strange arches in my feet that bother me if I am not wearing something that fits right. These feel fantastic and formed to my foot the second I put them on. They are light and flexible, it almost feels like you aren't wearing shoes at all.", "According to my daughter the shoe is exceptionally light and comfortable! In addition to being nice! She loves them! Will recommend to everyone! :)", "I should have purchased a half size larger, and the tread is so spread out, all kinds of pebbles and sticks get stuck in the soles. Other than this, very cute and comfortable for lots of walking and working out. This is my second pair -- I like that they have a larger toe box, come in cool colors, and weigh almost nothing. Mesh on top of shoe not great in anything heavier than a drizzle. Great for travel!", "Nice shoes, Love it. Thanks.", "great shoes at great price", "I always buy Nike products. They always last a long time and wear well, but this sneaker ran extremely tight width wise. My trainer at the gym also has these sneakers and he said that the support on them aren't very good and they wore out on him quite quickly.I will buy a different Nike sneaker, but these are really just a pretty shoe vs. a useful shoe.", "Will give my daughter this pair and I will purchase a size 9.  Love the shoe!", "It is a slim fit. Nice shoe. Made very well. However when I worked out for the first time in this shoe, I had to take it off.", "I really adore these shoes. Not only is the style amazing, but the fit is great too. I work at a gym and wearing these all day keeps my feet supported but still light and comfortable. They are even better for running too! The balance and support is great.", "Great shoe. Except the orange coloring  on the front of the shoe has already rubbed off and it is white now.", "Very comfy and pretty. I usually wear size 10 in shoes with no heels, and this size 10 fits perfectly. Very happy with purchase!", "Looked everywhere for this pair.  Perfect!", "These are the most amazing shoes I've ever worn! They fit perfect and they feel fantastic while running. I will definitely always be purchasing these for my running shoes! They do run 1/2 size too small so order a 1/2 size larger then what you normally wear.", "I bought these shoes for the gym and a boot camp I just started, i'm so in love how these shoes fit!! They do run very small, I'm an 8 and I got an 9, so make sure you get a size bigger. I love how I can walk for hours and not have achy feet", "They're absolutely perfect. I would highly recommend the brand and running shoe to anyone looking for a good, reasonably priced shoe", "I love these shoes. When I first time tried them on they felt a little tight, but in reality they fit perfectly. My foot doesn't slip in these shoes. They support my high arches comfortably, overall a great find to go on a run, walk or everyday use. I need another pair,", "Favorite pair of shoes I have EVER owned!!! I have saw some reviews saying these ran small but I got my usual 8 and they fit like a dream!", "Shoes are perfect! Fur great and super comfortable. Also, seller went out if his way to make sure I get the item on time.", "They aren't as comfortable as I thought they would be. No cushion, I wore them once and my feet hurt after.", "Received these quickly and I love them! They weigh close to nothing and are soo cozy. I get compliments every time I wear them, I love them!", "I buyed it for my girlfriend, works pretty weel in gym, good performance, confortable for jogging, she feel no impact in feet.", "super comfortable and finally my feet no longer ache. i think i can run faster because of this shoe.  yay!", "This sight met my expectations! I would use this sight again to purchase and in fact I have used it many times since.", "My shoes fit me perfectly! I love them. I got exactly what I wanted/ordered! The only thing was the color, it was m", "Fast shipping and great shoes. Exactly what I wanted", "The shoes look great!  The price was good.  Shipping was fast.  But the shoe is WAY smaller than a women's 7 :(", "Love these shoes, very comfortable and light. Comfortable to run in. I will be buying more nike frees in the future.", "I recommend getting a half size larger than your regular size. I ordered a 9.5 and they were too small, so I got a 10 and they were perfect! Other than that they are very cute, I love them!", "Neon Yellow..good shoe..would buy again. Just know you should buy .5 sizes bigger. Not saying this is a premier Nike shoe.. but it's good enough for what i paid for it.", "This shoe is so comfortable and amazingly light! Note one should order a half size larger for the best results. When it comes to running you want enough space as to not cut your workout short due to sore toes.Also so easy to clean!", "One of the best shoes Ive ever purchased, they are light weight & so comfortable. They are worth every penny!", "I was so happy to find this color, and in my size (10). They're super comfortable and I find they fit super well. I recommend going up a half size if you're going to be running a lot. Very happy!", "The feels pretty comfortable to run in. They are a little slimmer than what I had expected. All around a good shoe.", "Something about the side of my heel, right as it curves up towards my ankle bone rubs funny.  I like the airflow and fit everywhere else.", "Very comfortable and lightweight. I wear them for work in a hospital and for dog walking. If you are looking for more support I wouldn't recommend these.", "Love them, a little tight across the arch, hope they stretch out a little more for better comfort.  Love the color.  Thank you.", "These shoes are amazing! I found it much easier to run in them, and they are very light. Keep in mind while ordering to get half a size larger because they run a tad small. Great shoes def want more colors !", "I usually wear a 9 size tennis shoe, but with the tongue being attached I went up to a size 10. Other than that I love these shoes!! They are great to work out in, and they are sooo comfortable. Just think about going up a size from your regular tennis shoes, and also think about getting some really low no show socks!", "My daughter has high arches and wears orthotics.  She loves these shoes!  They are extremely comfortable.  She bought a full size larger than she wears and is very happy with them.", "Excellent shoes!  Very comfortable and lightweight, feels like I'm not even wearing shoes.  Would most definitely recommend them to everyone.", "This is my first time trying these lightweight NIKE sneakers and I love them.  I would highly recommend them, especially to go to the gym.", "This shoes is very comfortable. The arch support was excellent. I normally use orthotic with me shoes, but with this shoes, I don't need too. This shoes is a little bit pricy but it's worth it&#128527;", "These NIkes are great, they are light weight look great and fit really great. They are pretty true to size.", "Three things: this shoe is great for those of us who wish we could be barefoot at all times, it is very well made, and if you have wider toes, this shoe will work for you!", "I love this shoe! I work in the medical field and I walk a lot during a typical work day. I strive to find a shoe that is comfortable enough  to wear for 8-10 hours a day without discomfort - well this shoe fits the bill! It is so lightweight, it feels like I have slippers on. I love the flexibility of the sole and it has just the right amount of support. Great shoe!", "Great colors and very comfortable, fit good and they don't stretch out a lot, overall really great product great for casual wear", "So comfortable - I am a size 8 almost all the time and was told that they would run small, but I ordered an 8 anyway. They fit perfectly fine if I wear thinner socks, but I love them!", "I'm a fan of shoes and Nike is one of the best out there love the color and the comfort.", "Fits like a glove. Very comfortable. Love the bright orange color. Just wish the sensor was included for the price.", "These shoes are great for all sorts of sports - very stable and comfortable and cute!  I highly recommend them.", "Amazing one and very nice color but i would need 1/2 size addition to fit me correctly....but i love it", "This will be the third pair of Nike 5.0 free sneakers.  When you find a pair of shoes that work for you, stay with them.", "These shoes are great. They are light, flexible. I recommend it for people who like the weightless feel. . They are very comfortable. These shoes run small, so be sure to order a half a size up. Im an 8.5 and according to other reviews regarding the sizing, I chose to not think twice, and order the 9. The 9 fits like a glove. Im happy with the purchase and I will definitely purchase them in more colors in the future:)", "I have gone through many running shoes over the years from running track, cross country, and local races.  Ive tried many diferent brands and styles and they either werent comfortable or didnt hold up very long.  I tried the highly recommeneded Frees and I LOVE them!!  They are so lightweight and comfortable and I love the low ankle. Other members said they run small but mine fit true to size (7.5).", "quality of the product is impeccable and looks actually even better in real than with the screen colors (from computer)", "These shoes are so comfortable, When I wear them i feel like im not wearing any shoes at all thats how comfty thesse shoes are.", "Awsome shoes they fit perfectly best shoe I have ever brought I recommed that u buy this shoe !!!!--- !!!", "I love these shoes!  I've always worn Nike shoes (mainly Shox) but these are AMAZING!  So comfortable and flexible.  Love the neon yellow color too.  I would order a half size larger though, as most people said, these shoes run small.  I'm typically a 9 in their other shoes but I need a 9.5 for these.  Absolutely recommend to others!!!", "i really love this sneakers but i need it only 8.5 size (((( please i really really want it )", "Love these &#34;Free&#34; ... Light to the point of almost weightless.i'll be ordering another pair. The hot color is awesome, too.", "I bought these for a friend for her birthday. She LOVES them and wears them daily. They are extremely light and are so cute! She said they are great and the best birthday gift she has ever gotten :)", "I bought these shoes because I loved their look, and I love these shoes because they fit and feel great. They offer excellent arch supports and are super comfortable. I ordered a half-size larger than I normally wear because they were out of stock in my size. I'm glad I did, because the shoes were a little snug. If you aren't sure what size to order, I'd go with the larger size.", "Not available in stores in this color where I live, so Amazon saved the day once again.  Bought 1/2 size larger as advised on the reviews.  Perfect fit, perfect price, perfect shoes!", "The shoes are great, shipping was very quick and I ordered 1/2 size larger than I normally wear however they still fit snug.  I will be exchanging for a larger shoe.", "Absolutely love these shoes. They fit perfectly, they are absolutely wonderful. I highly recommend this product. It is extremely well made.", "I recommend those workout shoes to everyone. Outstanding, very comfortable and you will love them and will workout at the gym longer than you did it before!!", "These are like walking on air! I have 5 pairs of this style and can say that I have never had a better pair of running shoes! They are so light on your feet it's like you don't have shoes on and yet are so soft to walk on. I did buy 1/2 size larger than my normal running shoe.", "This was a Christmas gift for a friend`s daughter. She has said they fit her well and likes them. She runs for her high school track team.", "Fit was small. Recommend going up a size. Had to give these to my daughter to wear. They look good on her!", "If it weren't for my toes hitting the top edge of shoe, I would give it five stars.Otherwise I love the color, style, and how comfy they are.", "Awesome shoes! They fit great and are super comfortable. I hope more colors come in as I will purchase more!", "My feet feel really happy while I am walking in these shoes! I ordered a larger size after I read the reviews and I'm glad I did!", "I love my new shoes, they are very comfortable. I need this comfort so I can work 2 miles a day. And I love the color!!", "I'm a huge Nike fan. I bought these shoes 3 years ago and forgot to leave feedback (sorry). These were my favorite shoes to play basketball in. Super light and supportive. However, Nike has put out newer models of the shoe since my purchase.", "These are the most comfortable tennis shoes I have ever worn.  I purchased a pair 1 1/2 years ago, and since they are starting to get a little dingy and worn, I had to have another pair.  If they had more colors, I would buy a pair in every color!", "My Godson is so cute in these. His foot is really wide and he is comfortable in them. They arrived on time and they are true to form as seen on screen.", "These are the most comfortable shoes I've ever worn! Seriously! Even more than the Air Max (s) That I've owned.One word of caution though, the Air sole(?) in front isn't very durable and if you lift lots of weights and cycle with it you could end up bursting it.", "This shoe is a classic and it fits even better than before. the look is a crazy as always but i love the mash-up look. Good comfort and padding in this one.", "I ALWAYS LOVE THIS SHOE AND IM SO HAPPY THAT THIS COMPANY HAD THEM,AT FIRST I DIDNT THINK THESE GUYS WERE THE REAL THING BUT THEY SHOWED ME THAT THEY WERE(BIG SMOOV)HARLEM NYC.", "These shoes are adorable.  When I was hunting for MJ stuff i came across these and had to buy them for my cousin who was expecting a baby boy.  He is a die hard MJ fan and was thrilled with the gift.  The quality, as expected, is amazing.  Highly recommend!", "these are my favor shoes i order i love the color of them the best shoes i ever had so far i like the way they make your feet feel when you wear them they never hurt my feet ever if i wanted another pair of shoes its would be these shoes that how much i loved them alot", "I love the color of these shoes and how comfortable they are.  These are my third pair of this model of Nike Free Run and probably my 30th pair of Nike Free Run in total.  I love how comfortable Nike Free Run shoes are and how flexible/forgiving/and pliable they are!  In my opinion makes for a very comfortable workout and walking shoe.", "Grandson found these online and loved them.. He wears a size 13, which is hard to fine in local stores.", "These are great shoes, but in this case the air in sole of the right shoe went flat.  Only had the shoes for about two weeks.  I returned and received a prompt refund.", "Love these shoes. Very comfortable and lightweight. The upper mesh part of the shoes gives my feet a breathable feel. It fits very well and offers good support.", "Not a fan of these nikes. I should have stuck with my air max nikes. I need five more words to submit.", "Bought these online but Nike shoes have fit me well regardless of what type it it (shox, free, air max) as long as I get my size.Quite comfortable as one can imagine by looking at them. Kinda like walking on a supportive cloud. If they last as long as my shox (9 yrs and going) it's a good bargain. My frees wore down pretty fast in comparison", "I'm the kind of person that loves colourful things, so I got these shoes and I'm in love with them :) they are very comfortable for a normal day and they also draw a lot of attention :)", "Great product.  Love them and are great in that you can tilt them up on your head and they don't fall off", "I wear a 10, I got 10.5 and they are tight around the bridge of my feet. But I just got them and they'll probably wear in. Nicely made, good quality otherwise. But if these don't relax after a bit I may have to return them.", "I have owned several pairs of Kobe's shoes and these are my favorite. Everyone was scared when he said he was coming out with a low top shoe. Well these aren't that low. They feel great and fit perfect. They are pretty wide so I have to really crank them down to fit my skinny foot, so the wide shoe might be a plus if you have a wider foot. I have the Kobe Zoom V's and I LOVE these a lot better. I think they are the perfect height, weight, and look. These are a great basketball shoe.", "im pretty sure these shoes are fake...i ordered a pair and got a glued together shoe with athletic south written all over it", "These shoes are the best! I wear them mostly everyday, going to school. They never fail & i've had them for over a year now.They fit around your foot like a glove & keep you relaxed while walking, it's like nothing is there!", "My son loved these shoes they are true to size and the price was ok...Nike is something my kids wear most of the time", "Great casual shoes and are pretty comfy!  They were shipped very fast and I will def buy again! Very satisfied.", "This shoe is light weight and comfortable. It is neutral in color so it goes with just about anything. My son has enjoyed them.", "Absolutely perfect! Color, size, arrived super quickly.. I wear a women's size 6 and ordered a kid's size 4, and they fit great. Definitely ordering from this seller again, thank you! :)", "I love the fact that these shoes lace up. This is a hard option to find. Great arch support and he loves them!", "great shoe! comfy and stylish. almost as comfortable as the regular Nike Free (hence a 4 star rating, but more like a 4.5). It's heel is a little higher than the running shoe.", "ordered for my girlfriend she loved them", "nice, comfortable and it lasted......at first i tought it was a little too colorful but it looks just nice.Its a smooth ride, one of the most comfortable sneakers i ever wore!", "I bought these shoes for my niece. She loves them! They were priced well and the quality of the shoe is good. Great buy!", "i like the color,i liked how comfortable it was, it fit perfectly, but i ruined them i wish i could buy this shoe again", "i love these shoes and the price was great! they fit perfect, and i love the color. i wear them all the time, highly recommend them!", "these shoes are very very very nice im hard on shoes and i mean HARD on shoes and these lasted me a good while ive upgraded to the Jumpman H series another very nice shoe love both", "This Nike is a very good product. The insole is comfortable, and designed creatively cut with added detail of navy blue and white to simulate the school book.", "Oh, how I love these shoes! The color is sharp/beautiful and everything came in good condition. The shoes are pretty close to the picture except the bottom 'white' part of the shoe is actually a little more purple hue than what is shown. I don't mind though; it still looks great! I got these shoes for running, so I hope that they hold up. The inside of the shoe is ribbed and the sole is very sturdy/comfortable. I got them in my normal shoe size, and they fit perfectly. The only complaint I'd have about the shoe is the tongue. It is stitched into the shoe so it doesn't move. While this really isn't a huge issue since the shoe fit well, it could be an issue for someone deciding between sizes. Since it doesn't move for comfort, you may consider going up a half size. All in all, great buy, and I can't wait to wear them!!", "I have bought these sneakers and boy what a great purchase. They are durable and very comfortable. Most of all they look great. I chose the color red because of its rich shade. When I wear these shoes they grab attention and boy do they grab attention. Overall these shoes look great. They run true to size and as I said before they are comfortable and don't take very long to break in. Based on my experience thus far I would recommend these shoes to anyone with an interest in great quality and comfort. Whether you are serious basketball player or someone who wants a great looking and comfortable sneaker then this is for you. They also come in a fantastic Blue and Tennis Ball Yellow. However younmay find the YellowVersion hard to maintain as they tend to get dirty quickly due to it's bright color. I would recommend the Blue or the Red for everyday use as dirt does'nt really show that quickly on these colors.", "Bought these because I like Nike, and I am very happy to say that, 3 yrs later, they are still in great condition, still comfy, and still look great. Very pleased!", "my nike shoe is beautiful, fits me perfect is super comfortable to walk also aesthetically very nice design and the colors are more beautiful than the picture. highly recommended 10 points for the seller", "I bought these shoes and they were everything I expected and more! They are very light weight and comfortable and I love the color! I  would highly recommend these shoes!", "My Grandaughter likes her shoes very much.She thinks they are so cool. I think she isso cute in them.", "OMG!!! Service was so fast!! I got my shoes today, and I ordered them on Sat. 6. The shoes are awesome! Comfortable, stylish and  so damn cute!! But, I would advise to order a half a size larger than your regular size. Love them, my 4th pair of Nike Cortez I've purchased in a month.", "Didnt realize it was blue from the pic!! But  a Nike is still a Nike so its a good quality shoe overall!!", "I just wanted a nice shoe to wear to work out. These look nice and didnt cost me a fortune! I could actually where them in public. I would totally recommend them to those who are looking for a nice pair of shoes and dont want to break the bank :)", "The shoes look so fresh in person its crazy. when you're on the court you feel like the shoe is part of you. I don't see how any shoe can top this in terms of style and performance. Definitely worth what you pay. The traction is not as good as the 4's ( of course no shoe's traction will be) but there's still plenty to keep you from slipping. Great, extremely comfortable shoes that you HAVE TO GET.", "I bought this for my boyfriend for his birthday. He plays college basketball and I wanted to get him something he can practice in. He LOVED them! He said they are really comfortable and his feet didn't hurt after he was done. The design is also very nice. =)", "bought this for support. bought this for support.The support of what is up to you.bought this for support.The support of what is up to you.You get more than what you pay for, nice quality and colors.Help other customers find the most helpful reviewsYou get more than what you pay for, nice quality and colors.Help other customers find the most helpful reviewsThe support of what is up to you.You get more than what you pay for, nice quality and colors.Help other customers find the most helpful reviews", "I wanted to buy a sledgehammer to soften these shoes up, but they were cheap so it's not worth it.  They look good.  Don't feel good though, chaffing, rigidity, ouch", "I love these shoes. They are the greatest thing since I wore converse basketball shoes in the 1960's and the 1970,s. No strings to break nor to ever buy again. The comfort is great. The color was not as shocking as I would of supposed and people come up to me and tell me they love my shoes and ask me where I got them, and I tell them, \" From Amazon.com\" from \"soulmonster\" I fully intend to buy more and probly long before this pair wears out. They are quick to place on and easy to let air out. They are not overly tight and I am 51 years old and have had problem with feet swelling in other shoes but not in these. I do add a slight layer of an insole from another older pair of shoes that I cut to size. Just cause I weigh 272 pounds and needed a little more padding. I recomend these shoes to anyone whom is diabetic or has standing problems with need of ankle support. They arived in less than 4 days from the order date even though it said it would take up to 2 weeks for delivery. Thank you for a great pair of shoes. \"Faboulous!\"", "good shorts, I like the way large fits and I wear large. A little pricy for basic shorts, but they are really comfortable.", "these shorts are THE best shorts i have ever bought i regret evvery second i havent been wearing them ..they are just PERFECT although i wish i bought a smaller size..i usually wear medium but from the words a read here about the buying a bigger size than what you normally wear i bought LARGE .. and it is still beautiful ..thanks guys thank you very much ..", "Fit perfect, very well made, highly recommend for adult or kid. Wearing very well on an active 12 year old that plays a lot of ball", "My son and daughter both love the Huarache for Softball and Baseball. Great shoe! they both love the mid sole and the ankle protection.", "Very impressive design, light attractive beautiful colorsAverage size, with little money are not suitable for large amounts and coins", "nice pair of sneakers to wear when i go out. they look fly, and are really comfortable as well. i wear a size 13 and have wide flat feet and these shoes fit me pretty well for a regular pair of sneakers, usually skate shoes are all i can wear.", "Although this pullover is a bit pricey, it is worth every dime.  It is lightweight, comfortable and looks great.  I've washed it several times as well and the color had not faded at all.  If I could find another color combination that I like I would definitely get another one..", "Great shirt, fits good and will keep you warm outside, but not hot inside.  I get many compliments when I wear this shirt from Nike.  Also great for a run outside or a quick workout at the gym.", "Great for indoors and short trips outside above 40 degree temps.  I am tall and the sleeves fit perfectly.  Will probably purchase another shirt in a different color.", "GO NOLES! Love the nike Drifit. Shirt fits true to size and breaths well. Could not be happier with the purchase.", "Clean J's for my 3 year old son. Even though when he unwrapped them he did not even open the shoe box.. All he did was see the shoe box, and say \"Jordans\", put the box to the side and opened more gifts.  lol", "Love this pair of sneakers!  It's the lightest pair of tennis shoes I've ever had!!  I bought 1 first, then 2 more after.*Wish it wouldnt break so easily by the small toe (where the soft clothes and hard plastic meets)and hoping for darker colours.*", "I bought these shoes for my husband. He says they are a good quality, comfortable pair of basketball boots. He has a reasonably wide foot, so he found them somewhat narrow initially, but they have stretched over time. He plays basketball twice a week and says the shoes are perfect for this purpose.", "My nephew runs more or less 4 seconds faster each lap. It was its first spikes and he loved them.", "To practice soccer or sports DRIFIT rocks! So these socks are a good example. They keep your feet dry and are comfortable.", "The best pair of socks I have ever had. They fit nice and are soft and comfortable. I loved them", "I thought they would be very big considering all the reports on these socks, but when I got them, I was in love ! They fit perfect, and are very comfortable ! Very good buy. Coming back for more later ! (;", "These are terrific -- husband really likes them over the rest of his athletic socks.  Fast ship, packaged well.  Large fit his size 13s well, too.  Would recommend.", "The kiddo loves Nike socks and I previously suspected that it was all about the &#34;label&#34;, but I have to say that they hold up so well - washing and being owned by teenagers!  I decided to buy some for my husband as well and he said that there is something to be said for paying more for some things - they fit great, don't slip around and stay put!  I only discounted 1 star because the price still pains me a bit!", "I wear a size 13 shoe, these socks should be true to size. Crew is mid-calf, these go to knee.", "I really liked the quality and the feel of the socks. They had alot of options to choose from, and shipping was really fast. I would buy again.", "three socks  for this price come one. is very cheap. Are dri and fit mediu socks are good my size si perfect", "Can not believe how comfortable these socks are. Bought a whole bunch and now don't worry about matching socks anymore. Still have a drawer full of other socks, but never wear them anymore.", "These socks are perfect for working out and running. Super comfortable and seem be made out of high end materials.", "This product arrived in a timely manner. When they arrived,I noticed they were sealed twice, once in a waterproof envelope and then inside a yellow bubbled envelope. This kept the socks clean and dry from the elements of the weather. I am very pleased with the price, the speed of delivery and the packaging of the Nike socks. I would recommend ordering from here again.", "Tight fit means great support. They are a little warm though. As summer approaches, I will probably revert back to my older thinner Nike socks.", "Bought these for lacrosse. Great cushion and so far they are durable. First pairs of socks that I have ever owned that have a left/right foot specific design.", "Got these for work as I ride my bike there and am active in general. They're breathable, stay up well, and aren't wearing in too quickly or anything. Good socks. And they have an L and R to tell you which foot!", "great for working out in. very comfortable. very light in weight. I would buy one in every color if i could.", "Follow up review....... i do like these.  They are very comfy and vent well.  After the first month or so and some washes they are much better.Below is the original so you know:I do not like these socks.  They are a bit too thin causing feet to get cold and also very sweaty when worn with dress shoes.  I generally find the sport socks work best for use with dress shoes but these do not.  Calvin Klein sport crews are the best I've found yet.", "these are for my son and he really likes them.  great socks good price.", "I have to admit, these socks are pretty freaking awesome. They are not as cool as the Elites because they don't have a numerous variety of color or the spine on the back, but they are still very cool. Only thing I say I don't really like is that the swooshes are not always like the picture shows. Like one of my pairs of the red socks, the swoosh is at the very back of my foot... so, I mean I always can just twist it when I put it on, but it is kind of a pain.", "I have to get my son's socks online because of his big feet. These fit him well but the top elastic is tight. These won't be falling down anytime soon. This is good for him because he's skinny but for a larger man these might be too constricting at the top.", "Seriously, how good can socks be? Well, awesome that's how. The right fit, length and thickness....makes we want to work out", "I started wearing Dri-fit socks a couple of years ago.  Now I have two drawers full of them!!  They are so comfortable!!", "Good socks and long lasting.  My teenage son loves these and wears them every day.  Will order more to meet his demands.", "They're so comfortable and keep my feet dry! They're also very warm, but not too thick, so they fit perfectly into my patent leather nursing shoes. I will be purchasing more.", "Great socks... good for both operational and dressy purposes.  Keep feet not smelly and give good support.  Only thing is for some reason I always seem to have more left ones than right ones.  Other ways they're a great buy.", "These socks are the best! I keep buying more. So comfy and love the color!!!!!! Definitely buy them, youll be pleased", "These socks are amazing. I thought socks were socks til a few years ago when I discovered the Nike socks. The quality of them were way above the other brands of socks I bought. After finally wearing through most of them, I decided to grab these and I'm in love. They're cushioned and really helps because for work I'm on my feet for 10+ hours per shift. The price was a bit steep, but by a stroke of luck my cousin went to the Nike Employee Store a few days later so I had him pick up some more for me, they're 3 for $9 at the Employee Store, vs 3 for $18 online. That being said, the socks are great, they breathe well and my feet don't get hot or sweaty anymore even when it's 80 outside (hey I live in Oregon, 80 is a hot day lol) the fit is spot on and they're comfortable. The only point to note, is that these ones I got from Amazon come up to a little below my knee, whereas the ones from the ES go halfway up, but they're both crew socks (unless I'm missing something).", "Great fit, great feel! I really like these Nike Dri fit socks I will definitely purchase more when needed. Shipping was fast.", "Perfect workout socks.  They stay pulled-up.  Look great.", "I use the socks for officiating basketball and they have been some of the most comfortable socks I've ever used.  I pull them up over my entire calf and they have a better effect on helping the muscles of my legs than wearing long tights.  My legs feel great after having 3 or 4 games, and many miles of running, on the court in one day.  I also have been wearing these socks to church because they are very comfortable.  I would recommend these socks to anyone considering them!", "I love these.  I bought them after I bought the no show version.  Your feet stay dry but the sock will be soaked.", "Great socks love them.", "Awooh ! Its good . It's worth every dime . Although its not Elite's , its still versatile . You should buy this item", "Sock are very supportive.  Tension relievers for the feet.  Pricey, yes.  Worth it, yes!!!  Very cool to wear, both as airy and good looking.", "Best socks I've ever owned. They're extremely comfortable and you can't beat the price at any nike outlet store, man.", "These are some of the best socks I've ever found for work. I am on my feet all day; walking and standing. They are form fitting and are very comfortable. I would recommend them to friends and family.", "These socks are great!  I use them for basketball and football with no problem whatsoever.  They are longer than what I thought they were going to be though.", "These are absolutely amazing! Especially for the gym or basketball! If you sweat alot and dont like having your shoes smell, these are the socks for you!!!", "These socks are wonderful.  They are a perfect length, and super  comfortable not to mention they are dri fit!  Outstanding.", "These socks are comfortable...well made...look good.  I use them for everything because they are so versatile.  They also dont fall down around your ankels but dont put the squeeze on you either.  Good with slacks because they are black and look like dress socks.  Work for just hanging out in jeans because they are comfortable.  Sports like golf or whatever...they work for that too.", "Excellent Product, great price, faster than expected delivery. Very comfortable socks, the whole left and right thing is a great idea although a little tedious when sorting the washing out!", "I bought these because I had some older ones that I bought at the Nike outlet, and thought these would be the same.  For the most part they are the same except for the length and elastic/spandex.  I wear a size 15 shoe so I usually buy the XL socks, but to my dismay when I put these on, the foot fits perfect but these are not crew socks... these things go all the way to my KNEES.  Plus if I have them pushed down they are so tight on my lower legs that by the end of the day I have a groove around both legs.  I am hoping it was just an off batch as the socks are some of the best socks I have EVER bought.  I am somewhat of a clothes horse and sneakerhead, so I buy a lot of socks and shoes and have never found a more comfortable pair of athletic socks.  I recommend them, but after the last batch I may have to recommend going to the store and holding them to make sure you get the right length.", "i love these socks.  feel great on the feel, plus they have the little L and R so you are never confused on which foot to put them on.", "After trying these socks, I will not wear anything else. Love the tight fit and great support. My feet feel great when wearing these socks!", "My son loves these socks.. W will be buying more! The only problem is only there came in the pack", "I played basketball with these socks, they are pretty good, just kind of rough, need time to get used to it,", "What can I say besides these are some of the most comfortable socks I own. A must buy item !", "What more could you want from a pair of socks? They are way better than just plain cotton socks. I use them for work with my steel toe boots.", "I bought these socks for my daughters basketball season and she really likes them.  They stay put and are pretty comfortable!!", "These were as expected. They are very comfortable and keep my feet dry. Really like these and will try more dri-fit products", "These socks were the material I was looking for but they weren't crew size they were full length knee high.", "Great sock. Padded bottom. Each sock is labeled left and right so the swoosh is always facing outward. It's a great summer sock and can be worn in colder weather as well. Didn't fade hardly at all and have stood up to some harsh conditions.", "Awesome. Just awesome. They are light yet feel cushioned and feels great on my feet. I will always buy these when they go on sale. Sometimes 12 packs go for $30. I'm a size 9 and a large fits great.", "They fit well. Can never go wrong with nike. I the feel and cushion to them. It might be a lot for socks but boy are they great and warm", "helpful for all day work. the socks hug your feet making u feel comfortable .actually feels like  a foot massage all day", "Nike Dri-FITS are my grandson's go-to socks for all occasions.  The x-large are especially appreciated for his x-large teen feet.", "these socks are great for family times and great for kids. What kid doesn't want socks for there birthday? All thought, they were delayed they came in the next day.", "I received 12 pair for Christmas. Like the reviewer before said, they have lots of lint. Also my feet sweat more with these than with regular socks.", "Nike delivered my product as always, flawless. Great socks with extra comfort in them. Worth the buy. I can always trust nike", "They are the best fit and are very comfortable too. Love these socks. They keep you warm during winter too.", "Great fit, great socks!  This style of socks are a part of my daughters school uniform...they are perfect and she wears them all the time. To school & on the playing field!!", "Love these socks! They are a lot more cushiony then the socks I bought from the actual Nike store. Fit a lot better and do not lose the elasticity in the bands. I recommend buying these socks.", "Good quality, properly-sized (I have large feet), comfortable socks. So comfy' I often wear them as every day socks. Arrived quickly. Would buy them again.", "These socks are very comfortable and feel good even after 12 hour days and they stay in place without being to tight.  I have the basketball version of these socks also.", "Good service! My product came in pretty quick. I would use this person again. It did not take long at Allan's the product was good.", "These socks fit great (right between ankle and knee) and look nice with the Nike swoosh.  Obviously a well made product.  Recommend!  Plus they do stay dry!", "The are nice but they are not crew a little taller on the calf. Feet feet well and wash weel.", "These socks are great! They are foot specific for a better fit and have better cushioning than normal. Not to mention they are Dri-Fit! Do not hesitate to buy these if the price is reasonable. They are a great sock for sports (I use them for basketball and track). After a month of use they are holding up strong.", "Bought this for my little brother for Christmas. The only thing is that the picture is exactly as sock is, so the swoosh symbol IS gray, not white. But awesome, just as described. He will love them.", "they are very good socks...keeps your feet nice and warm when using them in the mountians on a hunt and they work just as well when using them on the job walking around...they keep your feet warm when needed and dry when needed...they are thick though....so if your shoes/boots are already on the tight side, look for something thinner since it might cramp up your foot", "came on time and fit perfectly, i got a medium and wear a women's size nine and these worked perfectly", "These are great socks, I bought these for my teenage son. Very comfortable and stylish. Came in three different colors", "These socks hold up and will last you.  The stitching is great and these socks are very comfortable to wear.", "The large rubber bands work so great at our local park. We use trash liners inside the outside barrels and use the bandsto secure the liners. Works Great!", "I love that these socks have retained their quality after many washes since I bought them from Amazon.  They are also tall, so they will be nice for winter to keep my legs warm.", "Can't really provide a first hand account because I gave these to my grandson for his birthday.  They were a request on Amazon, so I assume he really likes them.", "Great product. Comfortable socks and nice design. Really good colors and good fitt, I would recommend it to anyone who plays Basketball.", "The socks were a gift  they were a good fit and was the right color good quality he really like them", "Size 15 shoe and these fit well.  I bought for basketball but am going to also use as a daily driver.", "If you like Nike socks--these are the best and they are sold out of sports stores quickly.  Best to shop online.", "Fit very well, comfortable and help keep my feet dry when playing tennis.  Would order more but balk at the cost.", "These fit exactly as i was hoping.  They are a couple of inches taller than other crew sock I have purchased and are made very well.  i am picky about socks and these are great.  i am ordering another 3 pack.  i am using them for running track and playing basketball.", "These socks fit great and work well with my high-top basketball shoes. These are better than other dri-fit socks I've tried, and the price is awesome!", "These socks are pretty much the Nike Elite Basketball socks with a little less cushion and no spine on the back. Excellent and Cheap!!!", "product was fine.  my son would have liked to have the swoosh on the sock a little more noticable.  foot part fit well but the height of the sock was more than expected.  Hard to find socks for a size 14 foot on a young teenager so these were the best we could get.  He would have liked what is offered in the smaller sizes but not available in the x-large.", "Amazing cushioning provide arch support great feel with the ventilation prevents foot odor, some people may not like them for the compressive breathing", "As you would expect from Nike great socks, great arch support and they even mark left and right.... Highly recommended", "I purchased these socks for basketball season because my little ankle socks were not very comfortable in my basketball shoes. I thought that these sock would only prevent my sneakers from rubbing against my skin. It not only did that be they were amazing comfortable! I wear size 9 in womans, thats about 7 in mens and i ordered Medium and i was amazed with way it perfectly hugged my feet.I would definitely recommend this product to anyone who plays basketball!", "These are extremely comfortable and amazingly useful, I love them and where them every day. These are not as good as the Nike Elites, but still very good. I recommend them to anyone who wants a comfortable day for the feet", "These socks fit well. They stay in place. They are a good value. You get three pairs at a good price.", "These are extremely comfortable! the look nice, and they aren't too tall like some of the socks are; such as: Nike Elites can go more than half way up your calve.", "The socks are nice and are in good condition. They were a size small but i paired to get them on so it didnt bother.", "The title sums it up. The Nike dri-fit socks are my favorite athletic sock. I wear these when I wear scrubs to the hospital for the day. They provide excellent support and comfort.", "these were given to my son as a gift and he says they are nice socks. Hopefully they will last quite some time.", "I never received the item ordered.  I also never received a response from the seller after 2 e-mail attempts.  Luckily, Amazon refunded my moned when I filed a claim.", "i have had these socks for about two weeks and they are amazing.  they really stop your feet from sweating as much and stop odor as well.  i like the different colors that are available.  overall these are great socks for the price", "These were too tight for my feet and lower legs.  I was looking for socks that would help my shoes to fit my feet better and cusion my feet.", "Feel great very comfortable will wear them often appreciate the service will continue to buy from nike very comfotable thanks", "Nice fit. I Ike that the socks have an &#34;L&#34; and an &#34;R&#34; on them as I often forget which side of my body is which", "These socks are great, but i got two left socks in one pair, i dont know how, what should i do?", "its about time they make socks that feel and fit the way they are advertised. would recommend them to others. so happy", "These socks are great, they form fit to my foot perfectly and don't slip around or need readjusted throughout the day.  I use them for work and working out.  The wick moisture well too.  Great product.", "Sox drive me crazy. Most don't stay up or they bunch up inside your shoes. These sox do everything just right. I bought them to play golf in. At the end of 18 holes the tops are still calf high, nothing bunched up inside my shoe and my feet are dry and cool. Great product.", "Socks are comfortable, keep your feet warm and dry and they stay where they are! I also have the low cut and quarter drifit socks and they are all awesome!", "Good comfortable fit.  Like the other (black Swoosh) style better, fits tighter. Both are comfortable and fit well, will buy another pair soon", "Just like what you see.perfect for basketball or just wearing with shorts in the summer. warm enough to wear in cold weather but breathe good enough for sports. good price as well.", "These are great socks. I've had them for a while and have not worn a hole in them yet, so far so good.", "These socks felt great and were exactly as expected. I will definately be buying them again in the future. Thanks", "Great deal.  I'm diabetic, and this socks seems to be made for, they keep my feet dry during a basketball journey", "My son loves these socks.  He has a problem with sweaty feet and finds they keep him dry.  They are also provide a wonderful cushion and he has told me they maintain comfort when he is on his feet for extended times.", "The socks were exactly as they were pictured and described. My son loves them, and I may buy more soon.", "nothing better, I love them.  lightweight, breathable and just perfect for the sneaker. just enough padding and very durable.  I plan on buying 10 more sets", "I love these socks! I wear them with absolutely everything. They keep your feet super dry and comfortable. I always need and will buy more. A must for sports and casual wear. I have tried other brands of dri-fit and these are by far the best. Other brands just don't measure up. Another thing that is great about these socks is that they stay up when you're wearing them, I don't have to pull them up half way through the day.", "Fit really nicely and support the arch of the feet.  These are quality socks that my son and I both love", "I ordered 2 sets of the high socks and 2 sets of the low socks. They arrived pretty quickly and they were exactly what i needed! They are kind of pricey so be sure its what you want!", "Love these great fit and support and durable socks.  Never get crusty or lose elasticity - even after 100's of washings.", "What can you say about socks?  There aren't too many people I see getting excited over receiving socks, but they were exactly what was asked for and, from what I have been told by their wearer, very comfy and keep feet dry and warm all day long!", "I am very happy with these socks.  They are slightly big but shrink after washing and drying for a perfect fit!", "i've worn these socks for a few years now, got the originals at dicks.  was leery about getting these online, with all the dingbats on here saying they go up over their knees and all.  they don't.  they're a crew, just like the description says, and they fit just like the picture.  am happy i ordered them.", "I have a slim foot and these are a bit tight on my 11 1/2 -12.  That said, I still like these better than what has been ending up in my X-mas basket. No offense fam. They fit just at the calf & seem to handle moisture well. I purchased for cardio, hoops, walking etc. Might buy another set if the company sends me a coupon.", "Back to buy more.My husband works 12-16 hour days in boots these socks really work great to control the odor.He usually will not spend more than $1 on a pair of socks and after receiving these as a gift he cant live without them.", "ok. they're socks. you know this much. but the dri-FIT socks are alot more comfortable than regular socks. they got some cushion to them and they also have the dri-FIT material. i wear these for when i work out and when i'm playing sports and these are exactly what i need. definitely a good investment. make sure to follow washing instructions and don't use fabric softener on these and wash in cold water.", "My teenage sons love these socks, very comfortable and wear well. Great transaction and product as described! Awesome product at an awesome price!", "My boyfriend loves them for when he plays basketball! Extremely comfortable. I would Recommend these to anyone playing a sport!", "Who would have thought a good pair of socks could make a guy's day?  My boyfriend RAVES about these socks!", "the socks are SUPER SOFT they fit great also they are very breathable. the colors were dead on and have a good amount of swag", "These are one of the most comfortable pair of golf shoes I've owned.  I've received numerous compliments on the looks. I highly recommend these shoes.  Excellent price point!", "Best sandals I ever bought.  I think they have now changed style and makes me sad.  Would purchase over and over.", "Received these shoes fast and was very pleased with their condition - exactly as advertised. Thanks again,", "This shoes are very comfortable, they are also good for playing basketball. The only one thing is they get dirty really fast, so take care of them. They remind me of the 80's and 90's style. There awesome!!", "I didn't receive the exact item I ordered, I sent the vendor an E-mail to make sure I get the exact item, they told everything was fine but in the end it was a lie, they just wanted to make sure the sale is concreted.It was other design and color, different to the picture displayed when I was completing the purchase.", "Great product and great dealer, I had no problems ordering or receiving this product I am very pleased with the seller and the product I recommend doing business with them.", "Faster shipping would have been nice.  But overall, we're very happy with the shoes.", "Great stylish shox. Although they squeaked quite a bit a first they have now been broken in and have quit. The only thing that I even remotely dislike about them is that since they are made out of a leather material they are beginning to get creases and wrinkles but overall great shoe.", "very stylish and receive compliments on em every time i hoop. the cushioning comfort in the sole could have been better. bought som in-soles. also the mid covers the ankle for support moderately-but work perfectly with my ankle braces. strap over the top of the foot can be a little tight at times, and hoped it could be higher. great grip on indoor courts. all in all, descent shoe for playing ball.", "Great styling, reminiscent of the Nike hi-tops of the 80s. Fits comfortably, albeit it took an hour of wear to break them in.", "I ordered the Yellow ones and they came in less than a week. So far so good, comfortable and light. The only thing I found was that just be weary of the color running on your sock when first breaking them in. Other than that they're great!", "These are comfortable and great athletic socks. With the added benefit of knowing which sock goes on which foot lol.", "Swore by Falke with more precise sizing.  These are almost as good, seem to wear a bit better and are much cheaper and easier to get.", "The fit and feel of the socks is great.  Very secure, not lose.  Not super tight.  Like the fact that the socks tell you if its for the Right or Left foot", "i had just bought a pair of shoe and wanted a pair of socks to go with them so i got it and it was just the right thing to top off my purchase...", "Great socks for an array of activities. They fit just right and they are extremely comfortable once they are on your feet. I recommend them to any athlete or to anyone who is active and also values comfort.", "I love the FitDry quality, and if you don't mind your socks labeled Left and Right, (as if we didn't have enough to think about), these are great athletic socks.  Note, however, that the cotton is not nearly as thick as they used to be, and I find the build quality degrading a bit over time (but I still buy them every 6 months.)", "Great socks, my husband and I laughed because they have an R on the Right foot and Left on the left foot ....would have been great for the kids when they where little lol....comfortable and does the job!", "best socks ever, they feel great. They are made of a special matereial to keep feet cool. Also fit great made especially for each feet, they have an R and L on each sock.", "These socks work great and fulfill their purpose. However, my problem is that they wear quickly. If you are an avid runner, the socks will become worn from washing quicker than wanted.", "I bought a package of three Dri-Fit socks about 4-weeks ago and I enjoy these socks a lot.  They are a great and keep my feet cool during a high intensity workout.  They got the extra large set and have a size 12 shoe.  A good fit and knowing that they are made by Nike, I should have these for a long time.  Why 4-stars?  I have a tough time paying close to $20.00 for socks.", "that band on the top was too tightI'm a woman size 7 shoe and ordered men's large sockas they always tend to run snug - I could not leave theseon as top band too tight", "Most comfortable sock I ever had. As soon as I wore the first pair I ordered more. They fit perfectly.", "Good quality socks.  What more can you say about socks?  They fit, they are comfortable, and the price was right.  Thank you Amazon.com.", "My husband has sensitive feet and is very happy with these socks, they fit well, cushion his feet, and keep him comfortable.", "Great socks, fit and dry during sport so I can have better feet movement. Left and right sock provide the unique fit.", "I've worn these socks for the last three years and only now they're starting to fall apart at the toe. I machine wash and dry these and wear them almost every day. I love the L&R fit. It's so much more comfortable than cheaper socks which can be used on either foot.", "My Husband Loves Them! What more can I say.  If a man likes something AND asks you to order more for him there must be something mighty right about it. Right, huh? He says they support his feet and they feel good on. He loves them!", "COmfy socks and a great fit.  I did not know that they were labeled L and R, but that is fine with me. (Helps me remember)", "I really like these socks. They combine the thickness and durability of a good basketball sock with the coolness and moister wicking of a running sock. They provide good support too. I've been using them for games every week for over a month and I've been very happy.", "Love it perfect the shoes for not wearing big socks appreciate service socks are very comfortable hope others use as well", "Fantastic, comfortable,  best socks i have ever owned.  I would recommend and would definitely buy again.  Probably only socks i will buy from now on", "Socks are comfortable, keep your feet warm and dry and they stay where they are! I also have the crew and low cut drifit socks and they are all awesome!", "Wow.  Amazing fit, custom fit for r/l feet, breathe really well, exactly the cushion you want in exactly the right spots.  These are the best socks I've ever worn.", "I love these socks.  After trying them a year ago I bought some more recently off of amazon.  These are perfect for the gym or really anytime.  They fit snugly and haven't yet gotten stretched out.  My old socks were causing blisters but with these my feet feel great!", "I ordered a large for my husband without knowing exactly his size because they don't really give a good chart to compare with but it turned out he fits them perfectly. He wears a size 9.5 US....so the large fits great. I also got him the no show socks but got it in med and its still ok because it's supposed to sit low.", "Great fit, very comfortable, would recommend to anyone. Follow the recommend sizes. I bought larg instead of medium like usual and they fit perfect.", "Subject line says all.They are nice to wear when hiking. I wear Solomon Trail runners and they work perfect for them because they allow in air and I like a good thin sock. I just need to take care of them better I think.I buy REI socks and other brands I've not really heard of before. Socks are an interesting product because It is not always easy to find one you really like that fits your foot well. These are among my first choice in summer socks for hiking or running unless I can find something better, I will always be buying different socks with this design in mind to try them out.", "My Wife loves these shoes, so great for hot climates, incredibly comfortable and throw them in the washing machine or dishwasher & they come out like new. These are her third pair (different colors)!", "I'm certainly not a fanatical runner, but I do run quite a bit. I have flat feet, and am a heel/toe runner, so the cushioning in the Air Pegasus is perfect for me. Not the lightest running shoe, but they breathe fine and keep my feet cool", "Classic, elegant, and very comfortable ...... my son loves this model ...... and now I buy it for my grandson!", "delivered on time and the product was exactly what I was looking for.  Would definately buy from this seller again.", "good buy good timing no complaines, it was a pleasant deal ! you all can buy with a lot of confidence and you wont be sorry", "They are cute shoes, and i got them before the time they told me i would receive them in great condition.", "I've been using this backpack every day now for the last few months, and it's quickly become one of my favorites. It has an awesome, sleek look, and the perfect pocket setup: the \"stash\" pocket running all the way across is great compared to comparable ones, it includes an extra-thick section for keys to prevent them from scratching things (which has come in very handy), and the compartment room is adequate for my current daily load.Obviously, needs vary, but I figured with something like a back pack the most helpful thing would be to give a pretty firm idea of the space based on my load. I currently carry five spirals, three folders, a 160-sheet pack of looseleaf paper, A 3/4\" thick textbook, a Kindle with case, and my lunch without any problem whatsoever.I'm not really even close to a pro backpack reviewer, but if anyone has any questions, make sure and leave a comment!", "This shoe was a great price for toddler Nike sneakers. Loved to shoe for my 2 year old. Would recommend for any parent to buy for child.", "This was an excellent buy,perfect fit and the Quality awesome.My son absolutely loves this shoes I would recommend this shoes to any one.", "Boots fit great, feel great & look great. Said they are black but the are dark grey. Very very cool. :)", "these shoes arereallly nice and came in as expected, the box itcame in looked old and bet up and made me worry but when i opened it there was some nice pairs of kicks in it. i would recomend as the beat up box did absolutly nothing to the soe itself", "Nice pair of sneakers. Pippens feel great to walk in and are super stylish..... definitely some of my favorite sneakers. Only wish the original white &black was also out", "these sneakers are great for wide and/or flat feet.they easy fit an orthotic.great support for the pounding up and down the court.", "i got the product on time no problem.it was too tight for my son so i sent an email and received an ra number_no prob.i paid for my shipping back, hey received it, then i received my credit on my card in 2 weeks_problemi read the fine print that said there is no restocking fee if the unit is in good condition.i sent it back in perfect condition-even the box was in a box and inside another ups box.the shoe was couldn't fit so was never walked on.why was i charged 20 usd for restocking fee?it's a shoe...all shoes fit differently from diffent manufactures.so i lost the shipping charge to get the shoe-no probi lost the shipping charge to return it-no probi lost 20 percent of 100usd- BIG FAT PROBLEM!!!!!!", "I bought these cleats for my son who is playing college football.  He loves the way they fit his feet.  He says they have great arch supports and make his feet fell comfortable even after 6 hours of hard practice.", "I currently own the Speed TD. I really like the shoe cause it's light and great traction. I know a few people who have the Zoom Vapor Carbon Fly TD, so I decided to get a pair as backup since it was cheaper than the $120 price tag at other sites. Haven't had a chance to run around with them yet, but they feel just as light as the Speed TD's I currently use. I also went with a size larger, as I did with the Speed TD, because these shoes run narrow and I want to try and avoid any toe injuries caused by running.", "i use these for rugby and very clean and cool looking! shipped on time and without a hastle. very light and ventilated for being quick on your feet i highly reccommend!", "Very nice for parties and to look good haha but not good shoes for long walks but i would recommened this for every jordan shoe collector!", "The shoes arrived on time! The child loved it, the color seem like it would not fade soon. It's a great reminder of the days gone by!", "This sneaker is one of, if not the best basketball shoe I have played in. It is very comfortable and locks the ankle quite well. I wish I could get different colours in this shoe though...The shoe is Great!!", "I really love this shirt. I bought 2 of them and could not be more happy with them. Material is light and breaths. They look good and fit good. I might buy another one. I washed them both several times and they did not shrink at all so the fit is still perfect.", "I would recommend this for someone looking for a good sports tshirt that runs smooth on your skin. I cannot say if the Dri-Fit technology of Nike is something extraordinary, that i do not know. However, it is a good tshirt for the price.", "Great product as always. Just note that these run a little big. I found that one size smaller will fit perfect. Other than that, overall great product.", "It was OK when I wore it but after a while I discovered that it seemed to attract more white particles", "Good quality workout tee. Wear it all the time, keeps me dry, looks nice, barely shrinks if u hang dry it, and shipped to me quickly. Another awesome transaction with Nike. Thanks", "very nice tshirt feels so great and for the price is just amazing i will defenitely buy more of this... But if you are from central america and your size is L you must buy this in M size", "Fit was excellent!  If you are looking for a present for your guy that is always hot, this shirt is perfect!", "It was a good product but I ordered a maroon shirt and when I got the product it was black", "Best dri fits I've ever owned I've got 3-4 other ones of these all different colors I'd wear these all the time !", "Picture makes it look like it has a fade in it but it is all black. Still a great shirt but not what i wanted.", "I work out outside the southeast and generally speaking when it is humid none of the 5 other brands I have tried help much with heat and humidity. The N dry-Fit is very inexpensive compared to other top of the line wickking type shirts I have worn over the years and works as good or better than them too. I woulds highly recommend these shirts to anyone who needs a comfortable wicking shirt at a great price point.", "Loved this shirt. It fit great and it arrived on time in perfect condition and in the right amount of packaging. I was very pleased.", "Awesome, love the dri-fit, it is the best shirt you can get for a hot day outside, it is cool and fits well", "this i a light shirt it would be great to wear in the summernice to wear in lots of places.bought several nice nike t-shirts these is as goodas anyone knows you can't beat nike shirts,shoes or anything with nike on it if there are something wrongWalmart will replace it they have great return policy.nike you have qualityBILL MARTIN", "I bought one and liked it well enough that I got all the colors now. They have fast become my favorite go to shirt. I live in Texas and these are great in the hot months. I ordered a large. I weigh 185 and it fits like it was made for me.", "Great buy!Shirts do exactly what they promise.  Light-weight, comfortable, moisture-wicking.  Great for the tropics.  My husband loves the shirts.  I bought him 3 more!", "My husband plays in a band and it gets very hot and sweaty after a couple of hours!  These shirts look great under a jacket and help keep the musicians cooler and more comfortable hour after hour.", "Most comfortable shirt ever, arrived very quickly, what more could you ask for, except would like to have more color choices!", "Great shoes! My 13 year old son picked them out for his birthday present. They seem to be wearing well and he likes them so much I've caught him wiping them clean after he wears them...that says alot for a 13 year old boy!", "Excellent product. It served me well for quite some time and I would definitely buy another. Other bags just can't compare.", "These shoes fit perfectly, look great and are comfortable. Would love to find the white ones with black stripe and red bottoms but looks like that model may be discontinued.", "I bought this shoes thinking it was a turquoise & white, However it was white an another shade of blue but cant complain it looks good fits great!", "My son is incredibly picky about comfort.  These shoes are now his everyday shoes.  He also wears them to play basketball.  Given that I can say that they are very durable, too.  We bought them in more than one size.", "The shoes looked nice and were comfortable, but wore out quickly. My husband has had other Nike products, but all of those lasted much longer.", "I love nike dunks so this purchase was a no brainer, the sneaker fits my size perfectly. This particular dunk is slightly comfortable but not a lot of cushion, if u need that id recommend nike sb dunks which are skateboard shoes...otherwise this sneaker is dor you and dunks come in so many amazing colors and designs", "Love my dunks! It fit so well, and looks nice and slim, not bulky! I got compliments the very first time I wore it. I think Im going to get me some other colors. My new addictin hehe", "when i recieve the air max 2009 they were brand new still in the box they fit very comfortable and they are just what i wanted i have no complaints", "This seller provided a quality item exactly as advertised. I was more than happy with this. It was a gift. I have ordered other shoes from other sellers and have had problems. This seller was great. I will order from them again.", "I previously had a pair of these Nike running shoes, and I was very satisfied with their style, performance, support, and appearance, therefore I chose to get another pair to replace them.  I received them in a timely manner from the merchant without any hassles.", "I train a lot so I go through a new pair of running shoes every six to eight months.  The first thing I look for in a shoe is comfort, the next thing is support, and the Moto Max 8 has both.  I have wide feet and I was amazed that they fit snug without smashing my feet.  It also had firm and well distributed cushioning so didn't feel like I was lifting little weights when I ran.  Over all it's a great shoe & with a great fit!", "I love these sneakers!  Great fit, great support, great cushioning!  And you can't beat the price.  I highly recommend them.", "Great price, fast delivery, but obviously seconds. One shoe has offset top grommets and causes the front of the shoe to pull to one side. However, they feel great and I am wearing them for work.", "These are my favorite sneakers as I have been buying Shox for years. I hope that Nike will continue to make this style of sneaker as it is great for people who stand for many hours or do a lot of walking.", "I am a fan of Nike shox shoes. They dampen the impact when running and save my knees. This model fits perfectly.", "Love Nike shox fit perfect the reflectors around the toe area are sweet!!! And fit perfectly fine. Good price too.", "These are so light and comfortable. My new favorite pair of shoes.", "They are perfect! Couldn't ask for any better", "Fit perfect for me (9.5).  Nice and light weight but not flimsy like some super-light shoes that Nike makes.  Excellent for urban running and jogging, dog walking, etc.", "The shoe fits very good and the color is awesome, I like the two-tone matching colors. Thank you very much!", "NIKE RELENTLESS 3, THEY ARE VERY COMFORTABLE, AS WELL, AS THE OTHER 2 PAIR'S OF NIKE MEN FLEX 2013 RN, (btw,, I forgot to mention one feature, about the Nike Flex, they have arch support.)I ordered a pair, of Nike Relentless 3 w white/Iron Ore/Game Royal/black, they are most definitley, are not what I expected,I expected them to be too narrow, but, to my surprise, from ordering on-line w Amazon, I didnt have to go out, & shop, for the perfect fit, as they are! Thank's Amazon, you're most convenient!!Happy customer, again!Jeffery", "very pleased with them. Extremely comfortable and light weight.", "He really liked them and said they were very comfortable.", "This is my absolute favorite running shoe of all time.  Nike's Zoom Vomero +5 and +6 just do not work for me like these +4s.  They are very hard to find at this point, so I was thrilled when they became available through Amazon.", "i've had them for a good 7 months now and wear them almost everyday, and they are still holding up nicely. this is a good investmen", "These are exactly what I expected. Fantastic. The colors are very brilliant and eye catching, something that seems to be a popular trait these days. The boots have very modern innovations down to the laces which are non-slip and do not come loose easily during game play but also have the old school feel and fit. The cleats are well positioned allowing great balance and best of all the boots are very light weight. One minor complaint is that scuff marks do not come off easily but unless you are fussy about having your boots shiny and new every time you play this shouldn't really matter. All in all a great buy.", "These are a bit tighter than I expected for size 12 cleats, but they are the perfect size as snug is a good thing for cleats. I've been able to wear them for sports immediately, without any breaking in period, playing 2 hours at a time without pain.I do wish they would &#34;break in&#34; more quickly, as they do pinch my left toes after about 2 hours.These are replacing a pair of Nike &#34;Air Ninety II&#34; cleats. I much prefer the feel, flexibility and cleat pattern of that older pair, but they gave out very quickly (with a rip above my big toe) and I can no longer find that model in any case.", "Always love nikes they fit perfectly on my foot and allways support the arch. I am using them to run in AFghanistan soo i am impressed with the quality and high durability of the product. Thanks nike!", "LOVE THESE SOCKS!! They fit my 6 year old perfectly!  They are snug but not so tight they leave a mark on the ankles. They stay put and don't shift when putting on shoes.  Love them. Ordering more today.", "Great made in USA sock (IF) you have skinny smaller than average feetSock seems to be contstructed well and as always it is an added plus they are made in the USA but I'd swear it was sized for Chinese feet.  These socks are not what I would call a men's large.  I am a size 11 and I could NOT get them on my feet.  Ended up giving them to a woman since they fit her ok.", "A staple for true Air Max fans.  Kind of lame that foot locker is pushing them these days but such a great looking shoe.", "I really like these sneakers, they fit perfect and look good on me. Its been hard trying to find a decent pair of sneaks that look good on a size 15 feet. They arrived on time, as they should have. I will be buying the blue pair soon enough. I wore these while in Jamaica and they fit comfortable and I was able to walk in them for a long period of time. Great buy", "Ive owned a pair for over a year now and all I can say is that these shoes are my favorite. At first I thought these were basketball sneakers but they are made for running, however, they are actually good for all sports, walking and jogging.Here's a list of how great they are.-They are extremely comfortable and provide a great deal of support.The air bubble and foam sole provide for an effective shock absorber.-I notice a boost in my sprinting when I wear these versus other shoes.The curvature of the sole and its tread gave me the extra push.-I stepped in toe-deep puddles several times and my foot is always dry.Layers of padding and reinforcement can protect from the elements.-They are light but with a strong build.They feel as if they are part of my foot,-And they look better than most running shoes.In my humble opinion.Overall: Out of all the shoes Ive owned these ranked highest in comfort and functionality. They are so good I just had to share a positive review.side note: To insure a perfect fit, always try a pair in a store before you buy online. That goes for any shoe.", "I'm a real bag junkie!  This one is lightweight and perfect for summer. It has plenty of room and though I tend pack light in the summer, it seems rugged enough for trips to the beach or pool.  I like the style and got this one on sale for 1/2 price. I grabbed it.  I own bags by other makers that over super durable and tend to be on the heavy side.  This one is Stylish, lightweight, and rugged enough for tossing in the car or on the back for a bike ride down to the local watering hole.", "tHESE SNEAKERS LOOK GREAT. THEY fit perfectly. i have them in white and black. these are one of the most comfortable jordans i have ever worn. look great with jeans or on the court. although not a true basketball shoe. the jeter #2 looks cool on the side vents and on the back of the heel. these are highly reccomended by me.", "OMG i bought these cleats for linebacker and running back so far these cleats be so good to me i use them everyday i have amazing grip on hard mud and grass and they kinda take a while to break in like 2-3 days but they are comfortable and amazingly awesome", "Shoes needed to be white/blue, so this is the best choice offered by Nike.  Light, with good grip for quick cuts and explosive moves.", "I bought this for a gift for my husband. He loved it and they really look so good. What a great value the regular price is crazy it was a great saving buying them on Amazon.", "I made this puchase for my son and he likes it a lot. He's a very active person so it's perfect for him. Very durable and very fashionable. He get's lots of compliment...they had many colors and I would buy another one in a different color...", "More than I expected!  I received my frames not sure if the would work seeing my old frames were discontinued, so I took the  three numbers off my old Nike frame and kept my fingers crossed! although the model number was no match, the glass frames in the picture looked the same!  to my surprise! The frames not only fit my lens perfect, but they had a magnetic pair of sunglasses that attached to the new frames also! Delivery was faster than expected and the quality was excellent !  Thank you!", "I went to NIKE.COM to purchase these glasses after I saw them on Michele Wee. Then I went to Amazon.com and they were $40.00 cheeper brand new.  They arrived in a timley manner and were light weight and look awesome.  Very happy with the purchase!  Amazon is amazing! If you are a golfer, you will love this glasses.  Cuts the sunlight, looks good and you don't even know you have them on.", "These Nike glasses are great; comfortable and being polarized they are great on the real sunny days. Usually go for Oakley's, but, Nike has some nice styles for sport and casual.", "Size, price and design. Can't complaint. The lense color is a little darker than in the picture. It has a nice feel and are very light, quite confortable. Used it while riding my quad of rough roads, fits with helmet on too. Great buy.", "I had been looking for a rimless pair of glasses to replace my old favorite Oakleys. I saw them in the store and ended up buying them online for $139.  Well worth the price!  I wore these to an all day outdoor sporting event and they ended up being more comfortable than my pair I assumed irreplaceable.  They are lightweight and comfortable and a great fit.  I see now they are available for under $100.  Great value - I am going to buy another pair as a backup!", "I bought these sunglasses for my boy friend. He loves them. They come with a heavy duty case, tint towel and care instructions. These glasses are very light on his face and he can wear them comfortably all day on the job or in the boat.", "I ordered these and a few days later i was contacted and they advised me this color was out of stock - I contacted the seller and the customer support was great. They gave me the option to wait for the item to be in stock ( 2-3 weeks), however, i requested a different color. They had no issues changing the color i requested and my glasses arrived right on time. I was promised a free cleaning kit with my order due to the item not being available and it still hasn't arrived but over all they have pretty good support.", "These are the best sunglasses ever. They fit snug cover your whole eye area with no glare. They are classic looking and they colors are great. I have bought 3 pairs of them and the price can't be beat. Thanks Guys.", "These look nicely vintage, but I would recommend Vintage '72 for men. These are a little curved and can look feminine. The lenses are a bit reflective, like a mirror.", "My son (12 y/o) thought they looked \"cool\"  and liked the Nike brand. I liked the nice case they came with! I've noticed the price has increased since I purchased, guess that's the deal you get for buying sunglasses in the winter (Christmas present)!! ;-)", "a year with this excellent product, i just  recommend it 100%, it is worth, look really nice, very modern and flexible", "Just amazing! I never take a pair of shoes so comfortable! and also they look so pretty! try to believe!", "Worth every penny! So light and comfortable. Great structure. Nike knows what they are doing. Great design. Cute on my feet too! I cant wait to use this pair for running.", "These sneakers were exactly what I expected. I love them! They are comfortable, great to look at and fit to size.", "I really enjoy the pattern on my nikes. Trey arrived on time and were true to their color. The shoes were a little large though. I wear a 9.5 and when they arrived, I realized I could've easily gone with a 9.", "I cannot complain about anything...fits nicely...very light....use to get shin splints often.....now that is a thing of the past.....I love them....", "Great pair of gym shoes, couldn't be happier to have them. I wear them to the gym and with casual clothing. These are very comfortable shoes.", "I ordered 7.5 and it fits perfectly! I really like this shoes! pretty,confortable and good material. Nike are the best", "Look nice and light too we love it.to going jog!!!!", "Great good condition came on time. The color looks like it does in the photo. If you want better gotta pay more but for the price very nice.", "love these shoes! They fit perfect, super comfy, and they are really light. The colors are nice and bright as well.", "The look of the shoe is great but they fit wide on my feet and the top hole to lace them up wasn't pushed thru to the inside so we had to cut in a hole.", "In the picture looks black. It's dark blue, but I like it! Of you're looking for bright colors, this is the one!:)", "these shoes are great, it feels like i am walking on pillow top so comfortable and can walk for miles with them.  they fit just perfect i have a wide foot and i dont feel them too tight at all.", "These shoes fit perfect and are super comfy. I was getting a terrible pain in the side of my foot whenever I ran. Decided to try a different show. Went with this one and haven't had the pain since. Very glad I bought them. The shoe laces are very pink....doesn't look that way in this picture. I think it's cute though. : )", "Great shoes.", "Great sneakers, especially for the price. I wouldn't use them for running, but they are perfect for regular working out.", "They are exactly what I wanted fits great", "Love my new Nike's they fit as expected and I am looking forward to wearing them on vacation in Canada", "I LOVE the color of these shoes. They are light weight and I wear them for my 12.5 hour shifts and they work pretty well.", "Love these shoes! Super comfy and very lightweight...perfect for my workouts, whether at the gym or at home just chillin and colors are so bright!", "Shipped quickly and fit true to size. I was worried about not being able to try them on before buying so I used the size from my previous Nikes and hoped for the best. They fit perfectly and look exactly like the picture.", "my sister love it", "The running shoes were ok. They fit perfect, and they are just what you think they are by the picture.", "These were a great deal for Nikes and have the level of comfort and performance I expect from Nike. Added bonus: pop of color with the laces.", "I use these in the gym and for running. Very comfortable and light. Nike is usually my favorite brand for sport shoes.", "Came really fast. Fits perfect. I believe its true to size. So comfortable.  I bought them for work and for work outs. So far so good. Love the color looks just like the photo", "A great sneak for the gym. I purchased this sneaker to wear to the gym exclusively. It is light weight and fit like a glove. I am a true 11 and this sneaker fits me perfectly, would highly recommend it to any one else.", "Great shoes! Just be sure to buy a half size larger then your normally wear in order to have room for your toes. Love the look and feel of these!", "I love how light weight and comfortable they are. They're great for running and aerobics. I was really surprised and I don't feel weighed down. I would definitely order them again.", "I bought these shoes for my wife. She's a nurse and she is on her feet all day and she needed a new pair of shoes. I ordered these with the regular delivery and they came early, they were brand new and they fit perfectly.", "Great", "My daughter says when we go on walks that I look sexy! These sneakers are so comfortable I bought both of my daughters a pair for Christmas!", "They are light weight and perfect.  Great for people like me with arthritis in their feet makes walking on the treadmill fun.", "The perfect cross trainer. Light and fits like a glove. True to Nike sizing. The hot pink laces adds just the right amount of pop. $55 is a great price!!!!", "Super good shoe, I love the syle and fit.  They are very comfortable for walking and work where I have to stand on my feet all day.", "These shoes are wonderful. I have never purchased shoes that were more comfortable. Do not be afraid of the mesh it is actually great and it keeps your feet cool. I ventured outside of the box and finally bought a color instead of white for a change. I am very satisfied with this purchase!", "great shoe and looks better then on the pictures, also better price then in stores. easy to clean and great for running", "These shoes fit perfect, enough room to wiggle my toes a little, and are extremely comfortable!! I have bad feet (naughty things ;) and suffe4 from pain all of the time, and these have the prefect amount of cushion and I can wear them all day, during all of my activities; from work, to walking, and even sitting &#60;3 Not to mention these are extremely cute and modern at an even better price!! I would highly recommend!", "She loved these when she opened them up for her birthday present. She really liked the colors and the soles.", "This are great shoes. They are very comfortable for running indoors and outside on the track. I got them for track this year and I am very pleased with the quality.", "love the shoes, they fit well and look good.  I think if you are looking for a comfortable pair of shoes these are it.", "They look exactly like the picture & the fit is perfect! It arrived a day earlier than I was quoted & I absolutely love them! A littttle bit of pressure on my heels, but the support of the shoe is over all very good. Buy buy buy!", "I badly needed a new pair of sneakers, the pair i have been wearing i bought when i was a sophomore in high school, and that was about six years ago.  I am really cheap when it comes to clothes and shoes, and seeing the price of these I had a on and off battle with my self about ordering them.  In the end I knew i wouldnt find a better deal for a pair of Nikes.  These are literally the most comfortable pair of sneakers i have ever owned!  Comfy for walking or running.  I am so pleased with the shoes, they are super cute too.  Definitely worth every penny.", "Love it! Fit nicely, really confortable, and the color is as the pitcture, i'm 7 1/2 it fit very well.", "These shoes are very light weight but still supply the support that I need.  The colors are pretty and not too bright. Great buy!", "Great fit and great color!  A little on the narrow side but fit well.  True to size. Overall a great shoe!", "I love , LOVE , LOVE this Sneeker. Its like they were made for my feet . WONDERFUL . I'm on my feet all day and these shoes are the BEST !!!!!!!", "These shoes go with everything and people stop me to tell me how cute they are every time i wear them.  Very comfortable and lightweight.  Love them.", "I love these shoes! They are so cute and they look awesome and when I wear them I even feel awesome .!!", "The color is cool! Really love it. The reason I choose Nike is that it's very light. I like wear it every time I do sports. Great!", "I like the style & color. The only thing I don't like is the insole. I will have to buy some pads to put inside. Nice shoes. Thank you for choosing me to win.", "They fit comfortably.  They look awesome!  They support me very well (high arches).  And theyre VERY well ventilated so no more uncomfortable feet", "What's not to like about this shoe. I bought these shoes because I will start going to the gym 3 days out of the week. I searched and searched for the perfect shoe that was fashionable, reasonably priced but made for physical activities. This is the shoe. I haven't had a chance to use them at the gym but I notice that they are not to tight but just right so with most of my shoes I can't in wide width I just am going to walk around work with the on to kind of stretch them out before I go to the gym, they aren't to snug but for someone like me who always wear sandals due to my flat feet its going to take a little getting use to but overall I am pleased with the shoe and yes they seem to be real authentic nike's. The shoes came in a nike box. well constructed and light but not bendable. hopefully I can update to let you know how they worked out at the gym", "These run true to size. I usually have to go up a size in sneakers but these fit in my true size perfectly.", "I wear a size 9 in most running shoes, and these fit just fine. I really like the pink laces, very girly, just like me.", "I just ordered these to use in the gym as trainers. They serve their purpose well. Also, cool colors and lightweight.", "They fit very well. I'm a size 71/2 and these fit perfect. They are so comfortable and pretty light. The shoe laces are really bright which i love, but if you don't like bright things you might want to switch the laces out.", "These are great! They fit great and are comfortable. It's always scary buying shoes online because you never know if they will fit right but I would recommend these. Plus they are super cute.", "Very comfortable. Bought right before Disneyland and wore everyday with no problems, especislly being 28 weeks pregnant. Very light weight and I love them.", "These shoes are great! Tight fit full of support. I love how great they look and a durable show for running or gym classes!", "I was looking for a shoe for insanity, and reasonable price & good workout shoe. These shoes are the bomb! So comfortable, durable does not slip on gym floor. I also have used them as my turbo-kick shoes,.overall better than expected. Size up shoe, I usually wear 7 for workout shoes, but a 6.5 fit very good, & have room for my toes to move. I will buy another pair", "My daughter loves theses shoes and she tells me they feel light and comfortable. I have ordered her 2 pair and both have done well without any issues. She likes the pink and black the best so check them out first.", "I wore these shoes since back in the day when they originally hit the street. I actually preferred playing basketball in Nike Air Force Ones when I played. They were comfortable and supportive. I still prefer them to the newer shoes. I particularly liked this color combination. Shoes arrived as advertised and still offer good support even though I now supplement mine with inserts even though the only running I do now is when I am dreaming.The reason I did not give it 5 stars is the price! I think many companies keep prices inflated on items that Baby Boomers still tend to purchase.", "Great Shoes, great price. Couldn't find these anywhere else on the internet! Even Nike.com was back ordered but these guys pulled through. Shoes arrived in excellent condition with a cert. of authenticity which I didnt even know they came with. And did I mention they arrived a week early!", "Too good I'd say ... it was a great product. 100% original. 100% recommended. So I give it 5 stars and if you could give her 10 stars", "Even with the new Nike Bomba and Elastico shoes, this T-7 still reigns supreme in the world of turf and indoor shoes.I bought these on sale for 35 Euros (50 USD), but I would not hesitate to pay full price for them.The Kangaroo leather upper is the best of the best, I only wish they used more, like along the inside of the foot, but that would have seriously compromised durability.One thing to watch out for - the studs wear out extremely fast! Make sure to wear these only on game day, and only on appropriate surfaces (no cement!).Overall, a ridiculously comfortable, great touch, great fit, stable shoe perfect for small-sided games.", "These shoes are the best! I use them for work and cannot imagine using any other shoe. Wearing them is like going barefoot yet they are suprisingly rugged too. I am on my feet 10-12 hours a day and the support these give is amazing. 2 thumbs up!", "bought this plaid blazer shoe for my daughter, wow, is it sexy or what?, she really loves it, plus it looks so hot on her foot, now she wants other colors of the same shoe, boy amazon's gonna be getting a lot more of my hard earned cash now. PS. i highly recommend this shoe to anyone looking for a great gift for a girlfriend or kid, cause they don't seem to come in very large sizes, great build quality also, well after all it is a NIKE.", "My daughter played on the varsity basketball team as well as AAU Club basketball.  She loved these shoes because they are so light, but also have ankle support as she has ankle troubles.", "My grandaughter is in love with these shoes. They are actually men's shoes... but then she's 5'111/2\"... One of her favorite singers wears them.", "These are great shoes to use for exercise classes. Plenty of arch support and no heel, so you don't rock forward when using weights. The fabric is so soft and my wide feet  fit perfectly in them. Will buy many more pairs!", "split toe and arch support are great!  Agility, style, comfort what a combination. The split toe gives an amazing balance.", "I absolutely love these shoes!  They are super cute and super comfortable.  They are not too heavy at all for regular use.  I'm not a runner or anything like that, I just got them because I read they were comfortable and they are cute.  They are perfect for just wearing around school!  I'd buy again!  (And they are actually hot pink!  Not reddish like some shoes tend to be once you see them in person)", "As always Nike makes an awesome shoe.  The only thing not liked about this shoe is the areas that appear gray are accutally a shiny silver that makes the shoe look different.  It grows on you though.  Overall an excellent shoe.", "These are the most comfortable sneakers you can imagine. There is some kind of soft padding inside that gives the shoe a \"bounce\". I highly recommend these.", "A great pair of shoes for a decent price. There was nothing wrong with the shoes and the quality was great. Expected new and they were.", "Bought these shoes as a cheap/retro option as opposed to spending like 100 bucks on 90's Air Max shoes. These shoes are awesome, tons of compliments, and I even go to work in them-so comfortable.", "I guess I'm a nike running sneak kinda guy.  These are light, comfy, and look great at the same time.thnx Nike -", "great color.  i wear ladies 8.0-9.0, mens 6.0-7.0.  wentahead got mens 7.5 D  no fit will EVER be this EXACT! half sze up.  LOVE!", "Always loved the Nike running models but this one is perfect.  Lots of support and comfort.  Hope they don't change the model any time soon", "Perfect and comfortable shoes for the passive exercise that I usually do and the look and feel of this shows it is really awesome!!!", "Great looking shoes! I bought them for my husband and he loved them. They fit perfect and are very comfortable", "love em get them now!!! thats all i have to say and this is the only place you are going to find them", "Been wearing Niky sunglasses for a while, but this one is just perfect...ProsPrice was goodClear visionPretty good shape and materialsConsI would like it had interchangable lenss, but is not a big deal!", "My child loves these shoes, he thinks he is the best shooter on the floor now.  He says they are comfortable and the fit is good.", "I bought these for my boyfriend over a year ago now, and they are still in perfect condition!  He absolutely loves them and wears them all the time!!  He has about 4 pairs of Jordans, and out of all of them, these are by far his favorite... and mine too!!", "Anyone who pays more than $160 is being ripped off. These sneakers were released over six months ago and websites like finishline and east bay still have them for $160. Resellers need to stop ripping people off.", "This is a nicely done retro in alternate color. It is very comfortable and the quick lace pull works nice. I like the fit and finish and support. Cool shoe and well made.", "Very speedy placement of order. Shoe was exactly what i wanted..dont step on my j's  lol. exceptional quality. order was recived promptely", "Overall I am very impressed by the quality of the product ,very  comfortable and Classics never go out of style", "I got these for my son for Christmas, they shipped very quickly and were in brand new perfect condition. These Jordan's have become my son's favorite sneakers and even with heavy wear and usage held up very well.", "i ordered this for my husband and they fit him perfectly. They are 100% real and authentic...they are worth buying", "Sure these shoes are pricey but you get what you pay for. I worked 60 hours a week all year and I finally was able to purchase these shoes. I put them on and you could immediately tell these weren't your average $60 sneakers. They may have the same amount of form, comfort, shape, and performance but they are WAY more stylish. Like $1600 stylish.Sometimes my daughter complains, though. She'll say things like \"Are we going to eat tonight\" and \"I'm tired of sleeping in the street\" but then I just show her my awesome Nikes and she shuts her little bitch mouth.", "My son is at the point where the next time he goes up in shoe size the price does extensively. I'm not ready for that at all.  He's only ten but is wearing a 6 1/2. Boys go thru shoes like running water. :) I'm happy with this purchase and he likes them and I'm very happy with the price. I could have went to the mall to Footlocker, Athlete's Foot, etc. but found the best deal here.  Thanks a bunch.", "I had been eyeing these shoes for quite sometime. I finally got them and I am so glad I did! Love the color, fit, style and the shipping was obviously on \"lightning speed\". I got these wayyy before expected. I am extremely happy with my purchase and will most definitely purchase again.", "I'm a newbie to these Nikes, I guess i should have looked at the strap more I thought it would be a leather strap but its the type of strap that you would find on a bicycle helmet. I felt a little ripped off because I payed for a good shoe and that type of material for a strap is cheap as hell but hey I still love the shoes and im still going to wear. So just be aware of that if your not.", "The shoes held up nicely, the fit was okay. I used them only to work out and run. Decent shoe", "This shoe is true to size.  It's pretty comfortable for a patent leather shoe.  I like the color and the look.", "Purchased for my son who's an athlete.  He loved them on and off the court/field. I would order again especially if they go in sale.", "I really like then there are great I would like to buy more if I cant if you have play very well", "Fits well good footing noticed during games and drills. Have worn varying brands and these are a good fit for me", "Nike designed the Air Trainer 1 to accommodate a variety of athletic activities, making for a versatile but comfortable shoe that got particularly big in professional tennis. With a nice profile and a mid rise, the AT1 seems to combine my favourite features of the AM1 and classic Jordans, with a real nice toe strap and heel branding.While I actually prefer the OG &#8220;Chlorophyll&#8221; colourway, they also look very fresh in &#8220;Infrared,&#8221; a bolder scheme I&#8217;ve always appreciated more than the shoes it usually adorns. There are also some subtler updates such as mesh on the toe box instead of leather. I&#8217;m no sneakerhead but I know what I like and these warlocks will surely become summer jams when the polar vortex subsides.", "I love them thanks I would buy more of them I have a black pair just like these it's the only kind I wear as they don't hurt my feet", "Excellent sneaker and conford for big kids, I recommend these shoes to anyone and specialy a great buy and price .", "I purchased theses as a Christmas gift for my brother and he loves them. They shipped on time and everything was fine.", "these are my first pair of Jordanans and i was amazed at the level of quality i received. also they don't have so much going on with designs that you cant wear them out somewhere nicer.", "From the moment i received the box, i noticed the Light weigh of the item.The shoes fit me very well, I think these shoes are very light, this is very helpful when you need to respond quickly and when you are playing basketball, is almost every play.I recommend these shoes to people who have thin feet.", "really good for the people that like the older shoes but crease alot. also very light weight and breathe easly", "My husband LOVES this golf shirt.  The quality is fantastic and the color is perfect for summer golf.  He can't wait to wear this the next time he goes out! Seems to fit true to size.  Love it!", "Love my shoes amazing", "These shoes are amazing and the colors are vibrant! I love them and received them quickly from th seller, I can't wait until I wear them out!", "Received them in a timely manner. My son loves them. Says they have real comfortable cushioning in the heels. We have actually had family beg for us to give them to them.", "bought this jacket for winter running, but then used it for cycling, working out, even just wearing around town as it's a nice looking light jacket. wear it with a tight compression long sleeve shirt, you'll be warm and toasty. great product!!", "These shoes are great. They fit to your feet comfortably. They have a great feel for the court. As a basketball player, these shoes are perfect. The ankle strap helps for ankle support for driving and making cuts.", "These are great shoes! I love the colors, I love the fit, and the price was right too. I would recommend these shoes!", "My grandson was very thankful for these shoes and he done very well in track the shoes gave him that fast speed", "This shoe almost seems too light to be true.  Very sturdy and good looking.  Only downfall is spikes wore out much sooner than anticipated.  Second set did the same.  Overall a great shoe.", "Love them.  Very comfortable and supportive.  Nice looking and great for walking and running.  They are very light weight for running.", "Just simply a superb product. it holds your foot tight. it supports the joints in your foot. it breathes and dry fast if you like to run in wet terrains. i use it for hiking and soft running in the woods around my house and it is perfect. it is by far the most comfortable shoe i have had. five stars.", "I followed my phisicians instruction to obtain a better walking shoe, because of my knee problems.there is a big difference between the shoe I used and the NIKE AIR MAX 2010!!!!!!!!!!!", "i loved this shoe with all my ankle-wear lol.this is a great purchase.and i gladly respect my choices when it comes to a nike product automatically knowing its only quality i will only receive", "I was expecting more of a cheer type shoe but it still works. I'll be spending a lot of time in them so at least they are comfortable.", "I've been wearing these shoes for over a year. I've wore them fir my zumba or jazzercise classes and to walk around every day on the go. They look cool and are very comfy!", "was very pleased with my bargain find at outlet.  If I had known how comfortable I would have sought out and worn earlier.", "i love these sliders ... i wear them all the time they are so comfortable ... only problem is they scratch easily but other than that i still love it", "These are all I wear in the summer.  I must have 10 different pair.  I do  like flip flops. They are great due to the fact that I have skinny feet so theses fit and feel fantastic.", "I love the color. The shoes are real comfortable. The price is reasonable. I would recommend. I love my slides. Thank you", "I love all the Nike sandles. Fit well to all shapes of your feet. Great buy! Worth every penny! Form fitting.", "I tend to be an overpronator so these shoes are a perfect fit. They have strong support and stability from all sides and make it easy to do what I want to do without my feet hurting. I've worn several different incarnations of this shoe and they just keep getting better. They are cushioned on all sides and soft as well.If you're looking for a light shoe, this isn't the one for you. All that extra padding and stability additions tend to add a bit of weight.For me, this shoe is better than the Structure Triax which doesn't have as much stability. For any avid runner or just someone that needs more stability in their life, the Equalon is for you.", "Great sneakers.  Really looks great.  Great quality.  Runs small.  If you where a 10, I would recommend buying 11.", "I was worried at first because I never ordered sneakers from amazon before. It actually fit and its very comfortable.", "Color great; very comfortable. I bought kids size for value and color. Nike is favorite sneaker. Thinking of getting another feels like walking on air", "I love this jacket is very comfortable and cute to wear.  I run in it and can put a layer or 2 under it.  I also wear out and about its so cute.", "Good shoe but there is nothing spectacular about them like I thought it would be. They fit like a glove though and no socks needed which is new. I found the shoe to be really tight and hot with socks but the fit is perfect without them. Order your normal size", "It is excellent product, soft and comfortable but  it is necessary to buy a half size larger. Should say it somewhere.", "I love these shoes.  I saw them on a friend and had to go buy a pair for myself.  They are a tiny bit snug around the ankle, but I think they will stretch a bit after I wear them more.  I did run in  mine because I am a light jogger and prefer a lightweight shoe.....they tread may not last long this way, but that is how it is with all lightweight running shoes that I have found.  I am going to go buy a second pair because I love them so much.  The colors are awesome and the slip-on ease is great! :)  I did buy a half size up from my normal size - FYI.  Also, my local Nike store is selling them for $49.95 - I wish Amazon's prices would match.... :)", "Our whole family has been very impressed with the Nike &#34;free&#34; style of running shoe. They are very comfortable and hold up well. I expect these will be no different.", "my size is 36-36.5 and i ordered 37 , it feels tight for the first time but then its perfect , as if I'm wearing nothing, i jugged for an hour the first time i put them on  and they were very comfortable and light and style", "Best shoes I've ever bought! Worth every penny! Great for running and they feel amazing! Love the fit... Love it!", "Fit great and wear well. Ultra comfortable. Great for workouts, running, climbing, walking. Great shoes and too cute. Highly recommend.", "These shoes are one of my better buys comfortable and no tieing up shoe laces very unique great comfort walking or running I love the color as well. Very happy with this buy", "Run small but fits perfect with no socks like they are suppose to. I dislike socks and these shoes help.", "I love this shoe. It fits PERFECTLY without socks and it's extremely comfortable. It's light and makes it feel natural while running. I would recommend this shoe to people with medium arches, it has PERFECT arch support and takes away the ankle pain I was feeling from my Nike Free 3.0's. I love the knit too, it's airy and allows your feet to breathe while running. These shoes are spot on and worth the money.", "My favorite workout, running, and all around shoe.  Comfort, support, and easy to wear makes this the shoe that gets the mileage.", "happy", "The colors are so pretty. I ordered my regular size 7.5 because that's all they had, and they fit perfect. They are snug on the top of the foot at first but stretch out as you wear them. Happy with my purchase.", "These shoes are amazing. They are by far my favorite sneaker to date and I'm am avid runner. I received them on time and couldn't be happier. They are true to advertisement.", "Lovely shoe. Great for indoor activities or a nice smooth track, if you run outdoors with it you get little rocks in the sole which could take a while to get out. Overall its a great shoe. Only bad point is that it not too good on the knee", "I absolutely love these shoes. They fit great and are soo so comfortable! I can't think of a single reason not to own a pair!", "Love them!", "It's comfortable and stylish. My boy really love it and can't wait to wear it to school next day after receiving it.", "This was the easiest shoe shopping I have done. I don't like going into crowded mall and stores so this was good for me.", "My son was so excited to wear these on the first day of school. They fit perfectly, arrived in a couple of days.They are exactly as pictured and very comfortable.", "In 39 years I have NEVER worn a more comfortable shoe. They are an absolute dream on my feet. I wear them at Zumba, on the elliptical, and for every day tasks. I love, love them. I am getting ready to go buy my 2nd pair!", "I love this shoe!! I have such a hard time finding shoes for myself.  These have great cushioning, and just feel wonderful!!  I would highly recommend these!!", "Best running shoe ever", "I purchased the shoes since I had the AIR MOTO 7 from the AIR Strong line, which I loved, Prob best running shoes I have had.  I was not able to find the same pair and bought this shoes. I used this shoes to run but have been getting realy bad shin splins.  I run about 3 times a week and after a month I had to stop using them.  I had to purchase another pair of running shoes.Now these shoes are just sitting in my closet.These shoes are okay for walking, but not for running.", "I love my shoes they look GREAT exactly as seen in the picture, color and everything, very comfortable and airy. highly recommended", "My first Nike SB Stefan Janoski.This is DOPE! ^_^Loving it every-time I wear it.Head turner.One of the best color-way of Janoski's. Its rare nowadays.", "These blk and gold nike's are really cute especially considering how hard it is to find blk tennis shoes! The fit is true to size and they were shipped to me very quickly.", "The sneakers are just as described. Speedy shipping great product. My little girl looks super cute in these. So hard to find them anywhere else but this seller had them so thanks to you and Amazon!", "wonderful fit", "This product is superb Well i'm Very happy with my things. My kids are Very enjoy it them. Oralia mata. Happy day :) you are Very honest in time and price.", "it was very nice test to choose, my son like it too much he want to keep on all the day", "No regrets with this product, this classic style looks great with some nice Buckle jeans but personally wouldn't ware with shorts.", "bought it once and i had it for like 4 months then lost them but they looked awesome and were extremely comfortable", "I'm a big guy (6'3\" and 300 pounds) and wear a size 15 shoe.  I've been playing basketball 2-3 times a week, indoors and outdoors with these shoes for the past 4 months and they have held up well.  The fit is very good for me as long as I get them tied tight.  My foot doesn't move at all in the shoe which is great!!!", "These shoes are gorgeous!! And, fit true to size! These were a hit with my son who is a Lakers fan. The colors are great", "My son says they are a comfortable shoe for basketball. Plus our whole teams has these shoes and their are 25 kids on our JV team.", "Love them!! Love the color and the durability of this product and would purchase again.  These are actually my third pair of these same shoes, I just wished all my shoes fit like these.", "I order my sneaker on the 5th and received them on the 7th. They arrived ahead of schedule and was exactly what i needed and wanted.", "Was very happy with my purchase. I have wide and flat feet and I usually have a hard time finding shoes that fit well.  I did research quite a bit before I purchased and I am happy to say they fit quite comfortably.  Would highly recommend them.", "i love these shoes i bought them for my brother to play volleyball and it works great it had semi ankle support for landing when he jumps and great endurance with the jumping", "I ordered this pair for my boyfriend and he absolutely LOVED it. The seller is absolutely amazing with replying to questions. I ordered these in 11s in the morning, but I received an email in the evening saying they were out of 11s, I was given the option to order another size, which i did in 11.5. They were so apologetic that they even shipped those shoes in expedite shipping, that night! Free of charge may I add! I got these mainly because my boyfriend plays basketball, which he say they are very comfortable. You can order your normal shoe size or a half size bigger and it would still be fine! I would recommend this seller and this product to anyone!", "I love these shoes. I still haven't wore them. & Next time you're selling a shoe use the right pic.", "I really, really wanted to love these shoes and wear them in my first 50k trail race.  They look super and fit great. Unfortunately, with each run they proved to be a mismatch with my running style and/or anatomy.I don't consider that a fault of the shoe per se, as I know they will perform great for another type of runner.The Wildhorse has been reassigned as a cool casual shoe for me.  But if you can get a pair through someone who offers free return or exchanges after a test period then I say give them a shot!", "I usually LOVE Special K but for some reason I only got 2 pieces in the box and it tasted like rubber.", "great shoes for people who wathed pippens games, i love it, just a little narrow, not recommende for the fat foot.", "These shoes better fit you perfectly and your feet can't sweat, because it's heavy plastic-type material that doesn't flex, like leather does, and there are no \"breathing holes\" to allow air in or out.A definite \"no\" for wider feet.Not worth the time or money.  I had trouble contacting the company to return them, too.", "Good fit.  It has reversible spikes that you can change to a different length of spike if desired.  They appear to be a quality shoe, but we will see once the season begins how durable they are....stay tuned.", "I previously had a pair of the FG version of these, and loved them... now I have the SG for wet and muddy fields.  They fit well, feel great, and behave just as the FG's.", "Nice quality shoes, look sharp. Super narrow fit at toes, had to return.", "I love the shoes. I Would recommend these shoes for anyone. A great feeling shoe for training or any running activities", "Didn't feel right from beginning", "Great looking shoe!! The color is just beautiful and the comfort is great.What a great buy.Very pleased with my purchase.", "i love it", "The unique thing that we can comment is that everything I arrive in its correct order, time of delivery and excellent product.Thank you for your amiable collaboration and serviceCecilia Lopez", "they are the best shoes ever createdi would recommend another fangood at jumpingfive star for a reason", "Great quality boot and very fashionable. They last a long time, comfortable, and keep your feet dry in rain and snow. My boyfriend wears these to work and out on date night.", "If you are on your feet all day, these are for you. It's true that shoes are personal and no feet are alike BUT give them a break. These also pass as (sort of) dress shoes . Most folks never know they are not and we had recommendations from sales folk, delivery men ... and others prior to ordering. Very pleased!", "I bought this shoe 2 months ago and i love everything about it. I spend 10hrs a day on my feet, and these shoes make a whole world of difference.", "Good shoe, but I think the green tone on it is a little too bright! Other than that, it's light to run and walk on.", "I tend to purchase air maxs' when I choose this brand of athletic shoes and they did not disappoint. Nice comfortable fit and I just love this colour.", "great colorway for the airmax 90. one of my favorites of the many many pairs that i own and wear.", "Great purchase.  Love these shoes!  color is great, and the price wasn't to bad.  going to order another pair.  My new favorite shoe.", "Excellent shoes, these are the most comfortable shoes I had in the while.The conture and the molding fits your feet like magic.  I would strongly recommend for people to get these shoes, excellent all around, thanks KMP", "I only by Air Max shoes. These were the ones i have been wanting for a while. The fit just right and the order was super fast! Fits like a glove on my feet", "Bought them for my husband. I love them. They look so good. I like the 90s better than the newest ones.", "Product arrived earlier than I had expected, exactly what was shown on the site, I am very happy with this purchase", "these shoes are affordable and good quality. i recommend these shoes to everyone who needs new ones. they are great", "This item came a day later!!! The sneakers fit perfect! I did not expect them so quickly!! Very pleased customer!", "This product came as expected.  no damage to the box or anything. I love air maxes. The fight was nice and i look forward to buying more nike air maxes", "All together, this is an acceptable shoe. I had the 2010 hyperdunks for my basketball season. I like the look and all, but throughout the season the shoes started to rip on the outside edge. Also the paint of the design on the side of the edge would smear. Honestly I am fond these shoes and they feel good to wear; however, if you are looking for a quality basketball shoe I would recommend trying to find a different shoe.", "These are excellent sunglasses for golfing and any other activities. Great price from RBG as well.Good for overcast low light days, really brings out the texture if you will.", "Wear them everywhere, very durable, very comfortable, well sized.  A very nice product, for a really good price, can't beat it.", "I have been looking for these shoes since I saw them @ footlocker over a year ago...then I could not find them anywhere, but thanks to amazon they are now on my feet!shoes were new but...It looked as though someone had tried them on! still a good buy though,", "The Air Max Hyperdunk is a solid basketball shoe.  It has ankle support, a nice cushion from the 360 air, and a sleek design for superior performance.  I wish it was a tad bit lighter or I would have given it 5 stars.  The removable ankle strap is a nice plus, and the all black design looks great if you have a black uni.  It will take you about 5 uses before the shoe is broken in.  I cannot review on durability issues but with all nike shoes, it's most likely you have about 1-2 basketball seasons before you should be looking for a new shoe.", "Nice shoes. Clean look. Nothing to complain about, if you like the classic look get these. There comfortable and easy to clean.", "I was suggested this shoe when I went for a personalized running shoe fitting.  I had seen this shoe before and enjoyed the style so, it was on my list of \"maybes\" already.When I got fitted it was first noticed that I have a fairly flexible foot.  But I pronated when I ran.  This means I need a little more support than normal.  Luckily it was not enough to need inserts, just a more structured shoe.  In comes the Nike Triax Structure 14.I compared this shoe against 5 others and it fit my foot the best.  Brooks were too stiff, Saucony were loose in the front of the foot, New Balance didn't \"hold\" my heel.  But that's my foot, not yours.Overall, I love this shoe.  Works great for me.  Quality is top notch.  It's light, breathes well.  Great colors.  It's NIKE.", "This shoe is a great jogger/trainer shoe. It has ample support but is not too heavy. I was able to do plenty of training and races with no issues. The shoe is also fashionable enough to wear outside of running. Great design inside and out", "I spent several years when I first started running looking for a shoe that worked for me. Because I'm larger runner, I need a stability shoe even though I have normal arches. I read a review of the Nike Zoom Structure when it was 11. They were recommended for larger runners so I decided to give them a try. They were perfect. I was able to increase my weekly mileage without pain or injury.I stuck with this shoe through version 12, 13, and now 14. Every year the shoe has been great for me until now. I don't know what has changed. I have pain on the top of my feet, the joints of my big toes, and my ankles. I noticed the top of the shoe where the laces go through has changed. It is higher on the foot than previous designs. I ended up changing my lace pattern to relieve some of the pressure, but I'm still struggling with the pain. May be time to find a different shoe.", "I don't often write glowing reviews, but these shoes really impressed me. I've had knee and ankle pain for years from running, and I always tolerated and struggled through it. I always figured that the pain would subside after I lost just a little more weight, or strengthened my legs a little more.I've tried:Vibram 5 FingersNewtonsAsics KayanoMizuno (some fairly neutral soft sole)None of those worked for me. In truth, the Vibram 5 fingers I may just not be ready for yet. The Newtons are nice for the first 3 miles or so, but made my calves cramp up after that since they try to force a constant forefoot strike. That form may be ideal if you're a 160 lb marathoner, but if you're a 225 lb guy, it's not a sustainable running form - at least not for me.This is a very stable shoe. Almost like a very light weight cross trainer. I find that when I run with these, I have a midfoot strike which is perfect for me. Most supportive running shoes I've tried have a higher heel that causes a heel strike - exacerbating knee pains. This shoe also doesn't have any of that really annoying arch support crap that just causes blisters on your instep. It seems to correct pronation by some sort of magic that I haven't figured out yet. I even stopped using my prescribed foot orthotics with these. I run better and more comfortably without them.I wouldn't tell you to rush out and buy these because everyone's different. Though I will tell you that if you're a runner with knee, ankle, or pronation issues, these shoes should be at the top of your list of shoes to try out the next time you're at a running shoe store.", "This is worth the price. Very very confortable and they look great. I'm not a huge fan of how some other shox models look but this one is really pretty and fits perfectly. I can wear them all day long.", "These shoes work great for what I needed them for. I needed a shoe that would be easy for transferring from a wheelchair.", "My son LOVES these wrestling shoes and they are holding up great  through 3 wrestling matches and practice a week!!!", "My nephew wanted these so I purchased them for him. He's an all state wrestler and said he had to have these. I know nothing about wrestling, but if says these were great and a must have, all I can say is these were a great buy and I'd recommend them to anybody reading this review!", "This is a popular shoe.  Went to the rumble in Utah.  This is a display of many different styles and types of shoe.  I noticed that this shoe is very popular.Everything advertised was delivered and met my expectations.  That is why I gave this 5 stars.  No surprises, I got what I ordered and expected.Thank you.", "DESPITE THE FACT THESE SNEAKERS ARE A 2010 MODEL, THEY LOOK AND FEEL GREAT. THE MAIN FEATURE IS ITS WEIGHT. THEY ARE REALLY LIGHT........I DEFINITELY ENJOY PLAYING BASKETBALL WITH MY SNEAKERS ON!!!", "My son had his heart set on these sneakers, looked everywhere then found them here and the price was great too! Have had new for several months and I am very happy witht he quality, unlike some other brands, these are holding up beautifully! NIKE fan!", "muy buena calidad la de esta chaqueta, 100% original y garantizado, no tengo ninguna queja relacionado con este producto, a todos les encanta mi nueva chaqueta...", "I was EXTREMELY happy with my order :) thanks so much. it came on time and i saved money :)", "Yup, the headline says it all. I bought these a month ago, waas kind of skeptical about the color but since it matched my work uniform, I've been turning heads with these babies.Great hike boots, even if it is hike boots, they can be used for work too which I enjoy very much. Fits perfectly and cushions my every step. These are a real keeper!", "My son received these for Christmas (after begging and hinting for months).  He wasn't disappointed.  The shoes are of great quality.  The Nike size chart I printed out was a great help and very accurate.  I would recommend these.", "In a very short time the bottom of these shoes separated, and my big toe came through the upper. Name brands like Nike are not always the best. This is one of those times.", "These sneaks are beautiful!  I love looking at them on my feet.  Used for high intensity aerobic workouts, total comfort and a comfortably wide width.  True to the half size.  The only reason I didn't go five stars is because the top rung on the laces is a little too high up for me.  But, that doesn't bother me enough not to love these shoes!", "Do not worry whether these trainers will fit your feet. I bought it to my wife and she reckoned it is perfect for walking or running even on pavement. One important alert: one good pair of proper socks is essential!", "If you are visiting  this page and planning to by Nike 1/2 cent egg plant then probably you should know that this is the place to get maximum discount for this particular product. I waited for more than a month to get more discount on this product but I could not find more than 10%-50% discount for this sneaker anywhere else and then I found this seller and I bought one pair of size 11(D). No comment about sneaker because everybody knows this popular sneaker. so best of luck. I hope you got you had been waiting for.", "I got these about three years back, and they were great. I used them for everything everyday, they are super comfortable and good locking they are just great all around. And after three years of abuse on them they looked so torn up I just had to throw them away also because the rubber on the bottom was almost all gone, but hey they lasted three years. I recommend these shoes to anyone looking for a pair that is super comfy and good looking. Hands down best pair of shoes I have ever owned. :)", "Found the LunarGlide 2+ after doing heaps of Internet/ consumer review research. I've been using these as my primary athletic shoe, especially for resistance training, for about 2 months. No complaints: these trainers are great looking and shockingly  comfortable, and are light as a feather. Nice work, Nike.", "These are one of the best sneakers that I have ever purchased.  I usually wear size 9, but I bought a 9.5 this time because I suffer with extreme foot pain, most of the time.  Well, this sneaker was awesome, I wear it to work nearly everyday and it is very comfortable.  I also walk a lot on the weekends and it is BOMB!!!  It is just right and what the doctor ordered.  My feet hurt less, and I really feel great about that....I'm looking for it in Black and whatever other colors that they do have ...in it...LOL!!!!", "I play disc golf professionally so i am constantly looking for the next best hiking/running shoe that is going to be able to keep up with the conditions discgolf brings to shoes. These shoes completely hold up to the constant beating. The toe area is wide, unlike most everything nike makes. They are so warm and comfortable too. 8 hours later of walking all through mountin, hill, flat, wet, cold, whatever terrain, my feet feel amazing as if I haven't been on them all day. The grip on these is amazing. The rubber and fabrics do not tear, or wear. I will be on the search for more of these.", "Bought these for my husband for Christmas, they're the only winter boot he'll wear except for Sorels when the snow is deep. Nike's are his favorite brand and fit him perfect. He likes the Gore Tex boot so much he asked me to order another pair now since I was having a hard time finding them. He has already worn out quit a few pairs over the past 8 to 9 years and wants to make sure he has a back up pair. He said they are comfortable, keep his feet  dry and warm and have great traction for our winter conditions. It was 10 below zero this morning when he went to work and he was wearing his Nike boots! Thanks for still carrying these boots, I will be placing my order next and hope you still have his size.", "This was purchased as a Christmas gift for my 13 year old cousin. He can only wear all black shoes/sneakers to school so I thought these would be perfect. The item was as advertised & arrived in a timely fashion. The box was a tad beat up but, I was creative during gifting. He normally wears a size 13 but, this sneaker ened up being to big...so I have to return them =^( but the overall quality and value is great. I'm going to try a 12 because for some reason this sneaker swallowed his foot...lol", "What is the size of this shoe?plz give us more info..and what color is available..??can i used it for bike??tnx..", "Beautiful shoe, very hard to find. Recieved many compliments on it.Only gripe the green is very shiny and in certain lights has a gold sheen to it.But on the plus side it's very comfortable and super cute.", "You rarely see a Nike symbol and Air Jordan symbol on the same shoe, but these shoes are fresh. Get compliments on them all the time. They look good with anything, definitely worth the purchase. (Picture makes the shoes look like they have a touch of down syndrome but when you wear them they look like they have 23 chromosomes).", "I wear a size 13 1/2 shoe and these fit perfectly. Would not want to have a much larger foot but for me these are the best. I wear them for work, hiking, sports, etc. Recommended for active folks!", "These socks have great moisture-wicking capabilities and feel great to wear, but they're tight in the ankle for someone who is a size 13.", "I ordered X-large. They are, at best, medium. Much too tight for my size 13 feet. A 2X might work if they had one.", "Fair price for a very good product. Socks feel great on my feet, just be careful when doing laundry as you'll need to make sure you pair them up correctly", "Socks size 14 are really hard to find.  Very happy to have found this site to purchase size 14 socks.The fit was what I expected.", "great socks to wear while working out, gives you an added sense of comfort.i've brought the white and black socks.", "They seemed very tight when I put them on, but the fit is very comfortable and you really don't notice it once you're on your feet. The thing I like most about them is my feet don't get hot and even very sweaty. This is important when working out in the Texas heat.", "The Nike DryFit socks are always nice for casual athletic needs. I wear these golfing and can't say enough good things about them. They do what they need to and they do it well. I can tell they are much better at moisture management than basic cotton socks.", "I love these shoes... I bought them because Dr. Oz recommended them as favorite things on Oprah. They arrived and fit exactly as I expected. They are supportive and comfortable, but also very light.", "I really like these shoes.  I wear them all the time.  They are comfortable,light weight and my feet do not hurt after wearing them!  The other plus that I have found is I can even wear them with my ankle brace and they still fit perfectly!", "I bought these for the gym and they are great.  Fit perfectly! Very comfortable! This is a great price for this item.", "Super stylish very comfortable and I love them. Shipment was fast and price was also reasonable for these retro air max 90' no complaints :)", "This is one of my favorite Air Max sneaker. It fits perfect, very comfortable and it gives you height. The colors are go girly and cute. I love being stylish in sneakers.", "I like these shoes the best I love these shoes they was the best I ever bought from you all I like the color of them alot", "I was s looking for a replacement pair of sneakers for an old pair of Adiddas tennis sneakers. These were the closest I could find in terms of comfort within my price range. Nike brand fits my feet better than others, especially with regards to arch support, so I am quite satisfied.", "I got these for 55$ in gator skin green, golden edition. These shoes look amazing and feel great out on the court. Best shoe purchase in months", "These Air Jordan L'Style II sneakers are made by Nike.Although the Air Jordan L'Style II was not constructed for basketball, they look fashionable and sporty. This colorway looks equally good withCargo Shortsor, my fave -Levi's 505 JeansPROS:The Air Jordan L'Style II features a high-cut design, soft leather upper with visible Air pocket, clean midsole, and an Air Jordan 'winged' logo on the heel.The sneaker size runs true - I wear size 10 and they are a perfect fit.The shoes are Medium width allowing extra comfort for wider feet and the ankle support is as phenomenally comfortable!These Air Jordan L'Style II sneakers are comfortable, durable and stylish - Definitely 5 STARS!Hope this review was helpful ... Jeffrey A. (Jeff)", "this is an older model Jordan shoe that still is timeless and beautiful. more of a relax and chill type shoe but has the makings to be an exercise shoe if you like. suede type and leather. fit is bang on.", "Love my new sneakers. These replaced a pair of FILA Ninety Six Triple Blacks that I have had for the past 5 years that I bought at a store in Norfolk VA.I wanted another pair of black sneakers and thank God Nike still makes an all black sneaker since the FILA triple blacks are discontinued.They arrived a week before the time deadline, and excepting for these 2 rubber straps that I have no clue where it goes on the shoe, fit me just perfectly. I am wearing these as I write this review. They are very comfortable after the break-in period off-course, and yes I will recommend them to everyone looking for a nice pair of sneakers.", "Like the Air Max 24/7's predecessor, the Air Max Plus, this running shoe offers superb cushioning and an excellent ride. The fit is quite comfortable and one of the best on the market for those that like excellent rebound throughout the entire foot. Despite its merits, however, (and also like its predecessor) the 24/7's durability for outdoor running on asphalt begins to fade at about the 300-mile mark. My current pair developed holes in the outer plastic-like part of the sole on the right shoe (not the left) at about 300 miles, which is entirely disappointing in proportion to the price. Although I bought my pair on sale and did not pay \"list price\", a good pair of running shoes should last closer to 500 miles; I have had earlier versions of the Air Max Plus last that long without encountering the problems that the latest ones have had.Overall, I would recommend this running shoe if you can get it on sale, but not at full price. There are others out there that will offer similar qualities at a lower price.", "Very comfortable but very minute mistakes all over my left shoe.  The right one looked fine, but the left one had sewing errors and manufacturing defects.  I'm sure it's not the seller, just Nike.  I promptly returned the shoes with no hassle.", "It's the first time I use this brand clothes, and I must say it is a very comfortable, lightweight flannel, I recommend this seller.", "These are great.  They really do what they're supposed to do.  Functional, stylish.  You feel and look good in them.  Breathes well.", "Hot to death. I get many compliments on these Nike's!! Wish they came in neon orange or neon pink. Would buy those too", "Good value, holds up well to washing. I love this shirt.  Buy 3 and enjoy for all your indoor and outdoor use.", "Bought them for my son, couldn't have asked for better boot to keep him warm and dry whether it was raining or snowing.", "These were a gift for somebody else and his comments were: &#34;These fit perfectly and they are soooo much more comfortable than my other (cheaper) ones.&#34;Price may be a bit high for my own budget but I guess that's having to pay for the &#34;name&#34; Nike. However, it also comes with the quality of Nike so I really can't complain at all!  :-)", "I bought these for my grandson and he loves them.  The fit is perfect and so is the look of the boot.", "I bought these sneakers for my Godson.  I was happy to see they arrived quickly.  They are a bit narrow so if you have wide feet, make sure you order them in wide.", "I love my boots! They fit more comfortable once I broke them in & they go with almost anything. Thanks!", "I am 6'3\" and ordered these in XL. On me, they are not 3/4 pants, more like basketball shorts. Still, besides the length, they fit nicely and the material feels pleasant.", "Nice shoes, beatiful and elegant, I like itI don't know how much resistant are because I did't bought it for play basketball, I use it only for daily use.", "My yearly purchase of good shoes. Every year I purchase these same shoes just because they fit my foot like no other. Maximum Comfort from Heal to Toe. I'd rather spend a $150 bucks on some really good shoes than to deal with a bad back. I've worked for specialized shoe store for 3 years. I know fro experience this show is one of the best out there. I prefer style and comfort not just one or the other. This shoe offers both.", "My son says these boots are warm and comfortable. He doesn't drive, lives in the NorthEast, and walks to & from work (approx. 5 miles) most days. These boots keep his feet warm, dry, and comfortable. Will probably order more for next winter.", "At first they were causing a lot of blisters but that is normal for new shoes.  Now that they are broken in she loves them.  The company was kind enough to make sure they arrived before Christmas and that was above and beyond good customer service and I will buy from them again.", "I have had these for over 4yrs now and these are by far the best tennis shoes I have ever owned. They have not torn any and I where them almost everyday except in the summer time.", "These are the most comfortable shoes I've owned. Great ankle support. Just overall great basketball shoes. A must buy at any age.", "The shoes fit perfect, after a run my feet felt fine with no discomfort at all.  I just became a fan of Air Max", "this shoe is very nice. style is great. the only reason this shoe didnt get a 5 star rating from me is because the sole could be more comfortable other than that a great pair to go out in. i get a lot of compliments", "I have about 55 pairs of sneakers and I love ai force 1s. these make a great addition to my collection", "Nike and the Jordan brand really did a great job with this retro release. Bringing back that classic white cement Air Jordan retro 3, yes the same one Jordan used in the 1988 slam dunk contest, the sneaker is almost an exact replica of the 1988 version. Quality is almost flawless, which is much better then many of Jordan's recent retro releases. These 3's are a must have for any sneakerhead or collectors out there.", "hello my deduction is that they are the best air jordan retro I recommend are very comfortable and very nice to go out to the street or playing basketball I recommend 100%.", "the fit was perfect and the shoes arrived as expected .....shoes were exactly what was described wouldnt hesistate to buy again", "Bought a pair two years ago, could not resist the opportunity to purchase another pair.  These are some of the best shoes I've ever owned", "I love these shoes ... color and the combination is great .. nike is nike ... I'm thinking about buying another in another color combination", "I live in oregon, the rainy state! So I wanted a shoe that was durable for the rain and stylish. I am very pleased with this buy! I will buy more when he outgrows it!", "Arrived on time even throught all the snow storms all over the state. It also fits my little one perfect still has room to grown in them.", "Feel comfortable and cozy.Since I bought them I've received many compliments.Look like shown at websiteVery happy with my purchase!", "Fit is good, arrived on time and I love the look. Will probably order again in the future. More colors in this style would be nice.", "Well made and great fit.  My daughter is a &#34;flyer&#34; so the base girls are happy that this shoe doesn't rip up their hands..  SUPER soft sole", "Came as advertised, fit well and look good. Would recommend to anyone looking for a nice pair of shoes for tennis or just casual shoes", "I've been getting my son Nike's for years because they are wide, these are perfect fitting, but the seam came undone already.", "just as advertised the correct color and everything.  I purchased a pair off of Ebay and it was not as describe very comfortable.", "THANK GOD Gary Payton decided to Re-Release these... The model is like no other sneaker out there.. While everyone is up jordans butt, These are the greatest alternative option you can pick.. Comfort on your ankles is great. The toe design.. The unzipped design is UNREAL. The monkey paw is the most uniquest, freshest touch they can add..Pros* Extreme comoft. All uppers with strechy material wont crease when worn. only White ones will.* foot stays in place*superior Grip on the court for the ballers*Neck Breakers*un-hyped so easily purchased in stores!Cons*Bulky look when wearing shorts THATS ITTipsWhen wearing them zipped up, dont zip it up all the way, as the zipper can break. so half way torwards the top nike logo and just strap them together using the Velcro.", "Great looking shoes, I get so much compliments when wearing these. But they get hot inside so if you play ball or any sports in them, it will get sweaty very quick.", "I like them alot i didnt know how they would fit but they fit perfectly i love them for basketball", "Love it! fits really nice, looks really good on my feet and it is different to most 'ole skool' shoes on the market", "great shoes", "Fit (ready for this one?)..... Like a glove...... Great shoe couldn't be more happy with my purchase. Had people stop me and ask about.", "Just like the nike hyper flight, their great I just wish I got the right size! Great shoes in my opinion though.", "Very satisfied that my son was so happy when he received his nike gloves and was able to sport them to school to show his friends.", "A pair of Nike Women's T-Lite VIII Leather It's a nice item, cool appearance and color. It's totally comfortable for walking and jogging http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004LBNPMY/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title", "very good product, unless the specified size is different, I think there are sizes for children and adults, by mistake I did not learn of it", "I bought it last year for my daughter.  It looks well up to now.  It is not very fashionable  but It is more durable.  It is a wise purchase.", "Hello, the product is very softthe material is very goodthe send on time thanksSee you zoom in another buy", "This is a great classic Nike sneaker. Fits to size, comfortable, great all around shoe. Bought for my daughter who is very happy with them", "Love these shoes , fit well and extremely comfy!  I will for sure purchase from here again when I need another pair ..fast delivery too!", "I loved every thing about these shoes. I even liked the colors white and blue thanks bla bla bla bla", "Excellent, the article is fit as expected. On time as expected. I recommend. Thanks a lot. Marcelo.  See you next time", "I bought it, and arrived in good condition with everything I had imagined now just enjoy it, very good. EXELLENT PRODUCT", "I think these shoes are closer to a size 11 than 11-1/2 as my toes are right up to the front of the shoe.", "These shoes, which I purchased for walking 5-6 miles a day, are a perfect fit and nice leather quality.  I would recommend them and I would purchase them again.", "I love my nike shoes, Just what I was looking for, soft, light and cute. I loved my new nike.", "this shoes is the best i had one of this when i was in school days and always said i must have back one of this and this is going in 3years now and this shoes is still strong and durable the strap in front over the laces and the high top also helps with the back of the ankle in flame ( medical ) so all in all i would recommend a 5start rating on this shoes", "Great product! Was shipped quickly. Tags are still on it. Can't wait to give it away for a Christmas gift!", "These socks were a great buy for my grandson.  I got them at a great price, and received them in plenty of time for Christmas giving.", "the socks are comfortable.  Items arrived as described.  I would recommend these socks as they are value for money.  They provide good support.", "Great sock so far, worn on my last ten workouts and not had an issue. Knocked a star off for cost.", "As the description says ... Excellent product, new Nike standing out, the texture of the means is completely different from a conventional! fit your feet do not have measures heel. They fit like someone said.! totally recommended.", "Great price and they really do help the hubby with his sweaty feet in boots all day! Will buy more for sure!", "These socks are very nice & fits great. And got them at a great price. Received them very fast in the mail also.", "I purchased these 2010 Air Max's while I was deployed in 2011-2012... I really loved how they went with the PT Uniform. Aside from that, they are Air Max, so you gotta know that the fit and comfort level of the shoe was phenomenal as always. I am a big Air Max fan. I went with the 2010's instead of the 2011's because I thought that the 2010's had a better look during my online search. I later seen a pair of the 2011's and I was very upset with my decision. However, I do still own the 2010's and I am still happy with them. I will probably look into purchasing the 2012 Air Max's here very soon. If you have never owned a pair of Air Max tennis shoes before then it is time that you get a pair. They are great for running and just plain old grueling gym workouts.", "when i used my new NIKE Air Max i thought it will be like the old on Nike Air Max 2but the old one was much better the shock absorbing is not not as good as the old onei have used it twice outdoor its much better than some other brands in the market but sure its not consideredthe best ........", "Genuine and good quality product, light weight and easy to clean.  I'm using these since last 10 months and they are as good as new.", "The product was cool, good quality and good looking... kind of late cauz they were coming from Hong Kong, what i didn't know but i wish them since i was child, so it doesn't matter, I have seen just one of them around my country Ecuador, so these are gonna be the second ones... I love Jordan shoes..", "These shorts are great... they look good, you can't beat the quality, it's Nike. What else is there to say? Well, the sizing on these is on the small side. For example, the small size fit and look great on my son, who just turned 12, is 5'5\" and 130 lbs. So, how these men's shorts would fit on a man is somewhat questionable, unless he's a really small man. You may want to order a size up, just saying.", "I love these shows, as a nike head it's exactly the style and fit I was looking for. Very pleased with my purchase", "this item really good have it for some time now an it really is a great product no regrets buying this item", "Excellent product, this was just what I expected, the model is very good shoe, shoes are very comfortable and look great on your feet", "This shoe is really comfortable and, of course, the Nike name and logo are really nice. The only drawback is in the front of the shoe. The laces never really hold the front of the shoe evenly. There is a bowing affect near the front of the shoe. This is a minor imperfection that nobody but me probably notices. But, I am not used to it from Nike. Other than that, a great shoe and good value for the price.", "I bought these shoes to play basketball on some of NYCs courts. Great quality. They felt much better than my sneakers and they're a good cut around the ankle, not too low, not too high. I felt as though I could jump higher in these shoes. The price is great and the style is there. Basic, simply basketball shoe providing everything you need to enjoy the game and not go home with insane blisters / sore knees etc. I would highly recommend these to anybody who doesn't want to spend over the top for the top of the line product, but is willing to settle for a great product none the less.", "fast shipping, great seller,I bought these sneakers for my 16 yr old son.He said they are comfortable and he likes the style.The right price too.", "The are great futsal shoes, the feel is good and they are really comfortable. the only problem is the durability, expected them to last much more, like 4-6 months only", "i like it , the shoes are very nice , i like it , i like it. . . .", "I loved playing in these shoes. They are super light compared to the Adidas Sambas i had. I really never liked Nike but these shoes i like. I was going to get the Adidas Predators but they were sold out. good for shooting and great grip on the pitch.", "these are totally acceptable shoes, but by todays standard, i think there is a lot higher quality of shoe out there, for its price its good.", "This is probably the 10th pair of indoor soccer shoes I own.For this model, this is my 2nd pair. Bought an extra pair in case this model gets discontinued.Leather is always the best material for the top. Good feel after breaking in.The midsole has cushlon, and is thick. Gave this shoe a real cushy feel, esp for playing on the hard court or indoor court.The outsole gives good traction.The sizing runs small. I'm always a size 10 (for running shoes). I need a US11 for this.", "i tried these shoes out to just kick around town and i love them!!  i have bought 3 pair since!", "Nice snug fit and is well made. I tend to wear a t shirt underneath as the fleece liner tends to make me itch in a few places. This could be as I am more sensitive to materials than other people. Other than that it is a great product.", "Love these. Very comfortable,  stylish. Colors work well together. I'm not a runner, maybe bursts while jogging,  but they work for all my exercise needs. Sturdy, well made. As expected from Nike.", "My son was very happy with this shirt. He now has two of them. Light weight material but I let them hang dry. No dryer.", "These are wonderful. I was concerned about the size before I purchased them but they fit great. I was also impressed with how fast they arrived.", "Very durable. I'm normally a size 8 in women's and purchased a size 6 kids and they fit perfectly. When laced all the way up, the laces are actually not long enough to be tied together and I had to purchase new laces. They're very comfortable and great for snow and rain without compromising style.", "These boots are awesome. They have literally got me through this CRAZY winter in Chicago. I love them. Perfect for the snow and cold although I wear multiple socks any way. I'm a women's size 8 and I got a boys size 6 they for perfectly.", "Well made, my son loves them and so do I. Great quality and price. Would by them again.  Great buy.", "Did anyone notice they mention FEET in the product description?  - \"Nike Dri-FIT fabric wicks away moisture to help keep feet dry and comfortable\".This is a jacket, right?", "I got this sneaker as a Christmas gift for my 11 year old nephew. It was wonderful to see his face light up. The item was as advertised. Arrived in a timely fashion. Packaging was not beat up so I didn't need a seperate box for gifting. The sneakers fit well & my nephew says they are rather comfortable.", "at this price i was extremely happy with my purchase.  my 13 yr old loved the shoes.  they are difficult to find in local stores", "I could wear them with almost anything! I like the low top with support they provide this is a great pair of shoes to have in your closet.", "Great shoe. Kobe makes the best basketball shoe out there hands down. Light, durable, control, and grip. What more could you ask for? The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because I did get a blister on the back of my ankle playing basketball. Because these are low cut shoes the back of your ankle isn't protected that much. But that was because I tape my own ankles so I should have given this shoe 5 stars!", "excellent shoes, very comfortables,  very cheap besides excellent quality.recommend these shoes.I was very pleased with this item.recommended", "Good arch, comfortable top fit, and no hard leather or plastic rubbing blisters on my foot. I bought these for myself for father's day. I have been picky about my sandals. I had adidas with velcro(hard leather on top blistered my toe). I avoided velcro type sandals this time. I saw other solorsoft shoes, but not like this one. This has a good arch, a soft top that does not leave blisters or rub. This is the best of the Nike Solorsoft. I shopped 6 shoe stores for sandals. I found these particular ones in JCPenny. I could not find these anywhere else. I may need to buy another pair. My main concern for this shoe is the bottom will wear out within 4 months.", "Bought these as a gift and when he put them on he was amazed by the comfy cushioned solesThe package arrived earlier than anticipatedThe product exceeded seller discriptionI will definately be buying more of these", "these are my second pair of slides. I thoroughly enjoy wearing them! Very comfortable !! I hope they continue to make them for a long, long time !", "So far so good.  Good price and comfortable.  Now to see how long they last.  accurate to the size.  What else can you say about a slide on.", "Size was perfect, very comfortable. I was concerned about welded area that keeps it on your foot. I thought it looked cheap and would rip as soon as it hung on something. I'm very pleased to say they have had the back side get caught by other people stepping on it and it has held up very nicely.", "Very soft comfortable shoe, I normally wear 14's but they were too loose and fell off easily. I ordered 2 more pair after getting these", "I got these for my daughter so she'd have something to slip into easyally when she at home just chillin.. She has them on every day. She likes how they fit plus the color they R.Thanks...", "comfortable , brilliant orange, you can spot them a mile away,  use them as a spot marker on the beach, you will always know where they are", "Greatest freakin sandal ever. if u don't have em get them. its like walkin on a cloud every time u slide them on. And better yet the construction of them makes them durable.", "They fit as expected, i will be ordering more soon.", "The most comfortable sandals I've ever purchased. The cushion is amazing and it really takes any pain away from the knees and feet", "my husband love the slides and they are very comfy,we have told friends and family about this site,and we will order here again.", "Just what I was looking for.  Comfortable and true to size.  I am happy with my purchase. Not much else to say but required to use certain number of words.", "I stumbled across my first pair of Benassi slides (black and white) in North Carolina on a vacation.  I liked them so much, I wanted to purchase another pair.There's not much I can say about these sandals, other than they are super comfortable and look great.  The part that is in contact with your feet has a wonderful gel-type feel, which provides plenty of cushion when you walk.If you like slide sandals, pick up a pair of these - in whatever color that suits you most.  I'd say the black/white goes with more things (is more neutral) than the blue, but this goes nicely with jeans.Jon", "These are DOOOPE!!!! I dont think I ever got in to a softer pair of slippers in my life  too good", "These are extremely comfortable and look great. They hold up amazingly and are very easy to keep clean. A word of caution - I did order a size DOWN and they fit perfectly.", "They ok not like the pic", "These sandles are super comfortable. They have so much padding on the bottom and it has a texture that makes them feel like you are \"wearing a massage.\" There is also padding under the strap. These are also one of the only slides that actually stay on your feet when you run. These are awesome!!!! (an 11 year old wrote this)", "This product  is perfect for poolside. The size is spot on.  This shoe is very comfortable. I would buy this product again.", "These Nikes are very comfortable. They need some time to great broken in to, but after that they feel Walking outside is also comfortable.", "amazing... I can't beleive that these are that cool and comfortable, I absalutly love them and wish I had more.", "Perfect for in the house daily use. Very comfortable with padding under the strap. Worth spending a few extra bucks.", "My husband is picky about these sorts of sandals.  These sandals arrived promptly, fit exactly as hoped.  My husband likes them a lot.  They are soft and give a little of a cushioned effect.  The surface material has a bit of an unusual feel to it, almost as if your foot feels cool and moist.  The top loop is stitched to the bottom, not just glued, which is unusual.  Very well made.", "This was a birthday request for my grandson. It was the last one in his size. Glad I found this online. He will be excited.", "These slides are very sturdy and durable but yet very comfortable at the same time. Last year I got the black and red ones and I liked them a lot so this year I got the Navy and Light blue pair.I use these for the ocean, pool, or just to ealk around in. Great slides", "These sandals have a soft, cushioned sole that makes them awesome. They are so much better than my old un-cushioned sandals. Definitely recommend these.", "item was just what i needed comfortable n light weight would recommend this item to any one. worth the price", "I had another similar pair but these far surpass them in comfort.  The padded upper is very comfortable and makes a secure fit.", "This Nike sandal is perfect, its size is true to fit and it is very comfortable. Great product, I would recommend this to everyone", "i bought this to replace my Adidas slipper and i must say it is very comfortable and fashionable it was a lil tight but it takes the shape of your foot after using it. but its a good slipper and i would recommend to anyone", "These sandals are super comfortable! The sandals have these ridges that are horizontal on the area your foot would typically be on to relieve pressure. I enjoy how light they are and their durability. I ready to get me another fresh pair. You should too!Thank you!", "These are very comfortable sandals, almost as comfortable as the LeBron James sandals. I love the colors. Will have to get more colors. I currently have 4 pairs of these. I'm a big sandal guy.", "These slippers kept coming off my feet when I would walk to the pool... Since I'm diabetic I can't always feel that the slipper has come off.  Oh well, I've since gone to pool shoes that I can wear in and out of the pool..  They dry quickly and protect my feet, and I don't need to ever touch the floor with my bare feet.  These dual purpose pool shoes have worked out great for me and have solved my problem...", "I regret buying these sandals.  The slide's cut into the top of my feet and aren't well thought out.  I bought one Adidas instead...", "I loved getting these, but I sprained my ankle in them playing hoops quite often and then finally leading me to dislocated my ankle.  They're good, just not for hoops, didn't have enough ankle support for me.", "We are unable to find such LARGE shoes in most shoe stores.  This was the perfect place for us to purchase what we needed.", "My son loves his shoes. They are light and easy for him to maneuver in. An added bonus is that they match school colors!", "You'll never beat Amazons prices. This cleat was $45 more in the stores. If you're searching for Nike products at an affordable price....look no further. Awesome buy folks!", "Great football Cleats. The ankle support is unparalelled. They are heavy, especially for a wide reciever cleat, but after doing workouts in them, and practices My legs are strong and I am running at full speed and burning people off the line. If you need ankle support then these are the best I have used.", "i just bought these sneakers because my 13 yr old son loves AIR GRIFFEY Sneakers.. He was so happy.. Thanx", "My son received 3 pairs of sneakers for Christmas and yold me these were his favorite ones!  They are very nice and comfortable.", "My son loves them they fit perfect color is on point i really enjoyed ordering my kids shoes through Amazon thanks", "Eye catching watch.  My friend in Thailand loves it and gets lots of compliments when he wears it. This is a popular brand there", "Excellent for sporting practice, my daughter love it and use it every time she play tennis . looks great, very confortable , light and great looking.", "The shoes seem alittle tighter than other shox that I have purchased(6 pair), the grips on the bottom are already worn excesivelly and I have worn them 5 time, not the best quality that I have had in the past with the shox.", "They are perfect.... nice, fashion and very confortable!Original, non seen nowhere.Skinny leather adjust to feet perfectly.Easy to clean.Silver and black goes/matches with all clothes.", "The shoes Are perfect and one of a kind and the shipper sent them right away . No delay !!!!!", "Great shoe. Good condition. I would have preferred a Nike box however for the price that I bought them, I will live.", "One of the shoe has a different color than the other one good luck on your buy they fit good but different color", "Good to be a part of this transaction. Cant wait for more in the future when i need to shop more in the sneaker dept.", "They are great and comfortable shoes.... Also it is an awsome price! I honestly loved them and plus the shoes and good looking shoes", "Very nice but kinda small. . . The size ordered was correct but i guess the styyke requires you to order a latger size. . . . .", "These are the highest quality tennis shoes I have owned since my AirMax 2009s.Exquisite ankle support for sneakers.I cross shopped the AirMax 90s but am glad I decided on these.Even the laces are higher quality than any other shoes I own. They don't slip. Ever.The fit is true to size.", "great looking shoe, a little snug but they loosen up. had a couple of Air Max 1's these are the best so far", "The produc.swt came in faster than expected so im happy with my purchase and got to save some cash, now that's sweet.", "These sneakers fit perfectly. They arrived on time, and look exactly the same as the pic. I am very pleased with my purchase.", "I bought these for my Husband and was a little worried about the look and fit, as the photo isnt too clear. When they arrived, they are even better in person!! They shipped pretty quickly, but took a while to arrive (which is postals fault) but they fit perfectly. Love them, thanks so much!", "I never thought I'd get to wear this shoe, but now it's available once more and I love them! Air max 1 rules!", "i don't like these shoes much. they left my feet in pain. i love nike shoes so i will continue to buy them. but these specifically...NEVER AGAIN.", "my 1st order from the states, since i live in germany. shoe's are nice as expected.super good feeling just NIKE.... super satisfied!!", "I don't use it yet but it's good ! The color still bright like a new one. Doesn't like a second hand.", "The grey and gold are somewhat shiny/reflective which make the shoe look rare (good rare) from different angles. The red letters are quite good-looking. Very stylish.", "These shoes feel just great.  You can walk for miles in them.  The merchant ships so fast and item came in its original box.I am delighted with the professional order execution, and the shoes are really neat.", "Amazing shoes I was blown way at how good they felt when I run or just walk around. God bless nike", "I'm in love with my Nikes, they are very comfortable to walk. I use them for walking and feels so comfortable.", "These fit great, ordered a half size up as expected and the fit was good. These are great overall sneakers, very comfy and I love to wear them. Definitely recommend any pair of Air Max 1s.", "great shoe!! My feet wide and the shoe lace is a little bit short so I hope I can get longer shoe laces like the ones it came with,the shoe it self is Awesome!!!!", "Those shoes look amazing and fit great!, one advice, don't order your shoes size to small, normally air max is a bit larger but not this one.", "The Air Max to me is a perfect blend between air force ones and running shoes, which make them perfect for everyday wear. I would like to see more Air Max 1 but in colors which are less flashy.", "The shoes box was destroyed. Def not to ahoy about that. But the shoes themselves were just as described and looked great. I'd suggest double boxing them before shipping.", "I simply love this pair. I have the sonic yellow/grey colorway and I love the fit and classy style. When I saw this at amazon and they have the same size 7, no second thoughts. Just grabbed it and  I immediately wore it upon receiving it. Understated Class and Sophisticated look. I love it too bits.", "Now is the time to get yourself a pair of red shoes!  and what better product than from NIKE?! They are comfortable, they are eye-catchin', and people (I promise) will want to know WHERE THE HECK YOU GET DOZE, DUDE?! You can't get these in the stores - unless you pay a LOT more money.", "Air penny's old skull! I had a pair when I was a freashmen in high school IWas 14 when I had my last pair. I love theses shoes. Authentic real Nike! I love them", "My son loves his sneakers!  They seem very versatile, one could wear them with almost anything and the change of lace makes it easy to coordinate with any ensemble.  He's very pleased with this purchase.", "This was my first pair of shoes I've ever ordered online - and I couldn't be happier.  Comfortable, light and inexpensive.", "made for Basketball.super lightgreat gripunbelievable breath-abilityzoom in the forefoot and good support in the heal.i paid 53 dollars, and got 2 pairs.they're as good as jordans when it comes down to playability on the court.if you find themget them.", "I picked these out for my birthday while they were on sale. They came in just a few days. I immediately opened them and tried them on. Perfect fit. I wear a size 7, ordered a size 7 and they were perfect. I was worried about ordering shoes online without trying them on but these work. Theyre very comfortable too. I love them. They are kinda slim though so Im not sure if youd require a wide that these would work(unless they offer a wide, I didnt look).", "These are a great Nike sneaker. It has a nice retro look, and fit exactly to your feet. I bought these on Ebay for 60$, great. They fit so nicely, I am wearing them in the library to study haha. A good purchase, I recommend the kicks to anyone.", "The shoes are amazing. They are very comfortable and supportive. The colors are exactly as i wanted them to be. The only critique that i have really is that the shoes look better with navy blue laces instead of the white ones they came with.", "I was looking for a pair of basketball shoes that is of course Nike, and not too expensive. I found this product with a very good price for my wallet and the best thing about it, it's a perfect fit! I'm very satisfied and happy about my purchase as well as with the delivery too! Thanks a lot! :)", "They came nicely packaged with the typical Nike shoe box,the description tag was ripped for some reason,but that caused no problems. Great shoes, I love them,don't even want to wear them! Because then they won't be new anymore lol", "Very comfortable and nice ventilation! I use these shoes for all of my \"work out\" needs from running to cycling. I've had a ton of compliments!", "excellent running shoes. even for big people like me you feel totally fine excesizing. they are very light to carry", "I work at a child development center and I'm constantly on my feet with the kids. I decided to buy these sneakers for work and I love them!!!!! I bought them and got them two days later, so great shipping! Shoes are totally worth the price!!!!", "super light and very good reliable shoes to run in. the technology in the shoes are great. i have loved them ever since i bought them.", "The shoes look great and gives you a spring in your step. it is definately authentic. im hoping they perform well when i start running again. but i am dissapointed that i didnt just go directly to sneakerdoctor.com and order it because it was cheaper and free shipping.", "Very comfortable running shoes. They offer unrivaled support and I have had them for months now and they hardly show any wear at all. (I run in these 10-15 miles a week). The colors are still vibrant and still look and function perfect!", "Ordered this shoe right before Christmas and not only was it delivered quickly (within 3 business days) it looks great, fits true to size and is quite comfortable. I may buy this shoe in another color.", "They are very comfortable for exercise and walking. I couldn't have ordered anything better sitting at home without even trying out anything.", "I feel comfortable in this pair of shoes, but if you want to run outside better look for a pair with more support.", "I bought these shoes a couple of weeks ago to use them for track and cross country. I run 5 miles 3-4 times a week. When I first ran in these shoes, I loved them. They are very light weight and easy to run in, but after about two weeks, I started having major pain in my arches during a run. These shoes have no arch support, so after a little bit of running in them, your arches will start to hurt. These shoes are good for a person with flat feet or for just hanging out, but I would not recommend them to anyone else.", "I read all the reports about Asics/Brooks/New Balance being the top running shoes, so I tried them all. I used to get shin splints and would have to limit my running. My friend gave me these shoes, because they didn't quite fit her foot, and I've bought Nike Pegasus ever since. Great support, great cushion. No problem with shin splints, until they get towards the end of their life. Highly recommend these shoes.", "I have been very pleased with all the Pro Combat products I've purchased and this is no exception.  The mock top is a great fit (I'm 6'4\" (194cm) and the sleeve and torso length are perfect), very warm and extremely comfortable.I'm planning on picking up another one here in the near future.", "I'm a relatively heavy runner, weighing 207 lbs, and I overpronate on my right foot more than my left. I've stayed away from Nike for years in favor of Mizuno and New Balance stability shoes. However, when I needed a new pair of shoes and tried these, I was immediately impressed with the exceptional pronation control as well as a wide toe box, a rarity for Nike. Now, I'm 75 miles of road and track running into this pair, and I couldn't be happier - neither could my ankles or knees. Plus, they still look new.Coupled with my iPod Nano and a Nike+ sensor, these have proven to be an indispensable part of my training equipment. I'm putting about 10 miles a week on them, and they still feel new. I'm sold.Now I can't wait to try out the Lunar Glide series...", "great shoes that fit well and hold up to the abuse of a full time janitor using strong chemicals and lots of walking", "At first, I was worried about the quality of this outdated Lebron 8 shoes. But it is very good in all respects. Let's go LBJ!!!", "These nikes are very comftorable they are a bit tight i recomend getting 1 size bigger but all in all its a nice product and are very good lookin with anything from shorts to jeans to skinny jeans best shoe iv got in my closet", "Footwear excellent ... the fear was of the same size but it fits perfectly! good design are impressive too extreme like me, Flexible, good quality, comfortable. Totally recommended for everyday use, training, and trails.", "I love Shox, as they are the most comfortable sneaker made (IMHO). They are the only sneaker that I buy for myself, and now for my mother, husband and mother-in-law. This shoe was priced right and fits like a dream.", "The shoes came punctually on second day after ordering. They fit perfectly- may run a bit small. We ordered 6.5 for my son who currently wears size 6 to have some time, but he doesnt have too much room to spare. They look really great and he says they feel amazing- support and comfort , like on air. He just started performance/ cross-training .Good choice and the price is right.", "where can a person get a pair of shoes like this for the money.  look and fit great .  fast service and the price is right.", "My son love them and he's able to wear them...over and over....Looking to purchase more in different colors.Thanks to ordering online..", "For a size 13 shoe it runs alittle small so if you wear a 12.5 or 12 and like some breathing room this shoe is perfect. Performance wise they were great and kind of look like the LeBron that can out that same year just alittle more basic obviously.", "Shoes are really good, it has good cuality, i recomend it 100%, for walking or do exersise. All good and feels nice.", "These shoes are very comfortable, bought them for my sons 18th birthday. He absolutely thinks these are the best shoes around.", "I recently purchased these football cleats for my son. They are wonderful and offers great ankle support and a fantastic cleat pattern. Go Nike! Great job and designing these shoes!", "Excellent looking shoe", "This is my third pair of Nike Zooms. I have tried other high stability running shoes in between and always end up returning to the Nike Zoom. I am a 6'0 tall woman and run 15-20 miles per week. I am flat footed and over pronate and these shoes provide great stability and comfort!", "Had a specialty store check my gait, and they recommended these shoes, and now I just order them from Amazon because it's SOOO much cheaper!", "I thought these glasses were great the first time I bought them so I bought another. Shipped in great condition. Will have these as long as they keep making them.", "I bought these sun glasses for my outside adventures. I run with them on, ride bike, etc. They are light weight, and stay in place. I can jump around, and the glasses don't bounce around on my face at all. I would recommend them to anyone who wants a pair of sun glasses for outside fun. They look great too.", "These sunglasses are really nice. Played golf in them this weekend, they are clear as can be and very comfortable!", "These shoes are great I love the color and the style. The Jordan Grown v.2 is sleek and can be worn with jeans or slacks.", "When these shoes came in, I fainted! they are very clean aand nicee. Definitely a getter without any hesitation.They exterior is nice, and the comfort is decent. They look nice with Levi Jeans cuffed up, I'd really recommend this product if you are thinking about purchasing it.", "One of my favorite Nike running shoes - does not look pretty but the Nike feel and fit is value for money. Reasonably well built and last long", "Awesome hackaround tennis shoe boot. Cleans up well and water retardent. Nice reflective stitching for walking, hiking, or making right turns into traffic.", "Nike has always been true to size... the shox are awesome.  I want a pair in every style and color. lol", "chose this rating because I've never had a more comfortable pair of sandals! These are amazing and have wonderful cushion. The gladiator design makes it sturdy and great for walking long distances, which is really important as a New Yorker. I also get non-stop compliments on them - they're so stylish and you would never think they're Nike! They only took one day to break in and I am thinking about buying the other colors!", "I chose this rating because I've never had a more comfortable pair of sandals! These are amazing and have wonderful cushion. The gladiator design makes it sturdy and great for walking long distances, which is really important as a New Yorker. I also get non-stop compliments on them - they're so stylish and you would never think they're Nike! They only took one day to break in and I am thinking about buying the other colors!", "Great shoes, very happy with the purchase of these.  Received as described, which was a pleasure. These shoes are difficult to find in my size, so I was excited to find these.  Great pricing and convenient shipping.", "the shoes are very nice and kool and for that price cant say no more very happy espacily my wife on the deal jaaaaaa", "Everything was great, fast shipping, exact shoes, awesome price and true to size. Good for basketball or fashion wear. They also threw in a free running/walking arm band that's fits an iPod. Highly Recommend", "I bought these for my son for his birthday.  He said they fit him well.  I'm giving it 5 stars because they look pretty and they fit him comfortably.  As far as them being good for basketball, that I don't know.", "Shoes arrived earlier than promised and were as good as expected.  Very satisfied! I wish there was more to add but there isn't.", "Nobody at my school got thesemugs.They comfortable and soft. Myy feet stay warm and the arch suport is awesome. Would recommend.", "I absolutely love these shoes. Ordered them for my 6 yr old daughter. They are the cutest thing ever. Order also arrived fast. 5 star rating and a big thumbs up!!", "These shoes are great, but they are greyish/blue, and I thought that they are white (they look like white leather in the picture), so I am returning them because I already own brown model.Leather is of great quality.", "The style fit and comfort of this shoe is awesome.  Got the p rod 6 and actually like the 2.5 better. Get them while you still can", "Well constructed and of top-notch quality, this shoe can handle most situations from skateboarding, biking, light running and, let's not forget, just plain lookin' cool. They are comfortable and size is spot on with others.", "-----The Good Stuff------good looks, low profile-great shoes for skating with a boat shoe look-good grip, simple and basic design-good price-the treads barely wear down-good heal protection-----The Not So Good Stuff------impact support is not that great-the shoes are thin-padding around the tongue and collar is minimal-shoe lace rip pretty easily-----Other Comments------they run pretty true to their size-great shoe overall-a little bit much for the price but I am really satisfied with the shoes", "Bought these shoes for my son, reluctantly at $80+.  He claimed they were the best &#34;skateboarding&#34; shoe, &#34;they grip the skateboard, etc.&#34;  They lasted about 3 months.  Now they have a hole in the sole and holes along many of the top seams.  They might be cool, but they are only cool for a couple of months.  They don't last.  I would rather buy 2 $40 pair of &#34;good&#34; shoes and have him get longer use out of them.  I don't recommend these shoes at all.", "i always skated nike sb cuz they last a long time...i haven't skated this shoe yet bt it looks awesome!", "Nice shoes i love it! Want to wear it everyday thank you amazon for this beautiful shoes fit with your pants", "Man, I love these shoes. They're so stylish. It probably isn't the most comfortable shoe in the world but, it just may be the coolest!", "fine", "My wife is a nurse and absolutely loves these shoes.  If I can make the wife happy, I'm happy.  Great product.", "My son love this shoes. I actually was looking for another one same color to buy seriously. We love nike shox", "the shoe runs true to size.i didn't like that the swoosh was plastic and sticks out alittle.over all ok.no problem with seller.", "Good shoe for the money. So far I got three hours of indoor soccer on them in the gym and they have been great", "This the first time purchasing sneaker online for son, and when I got, it fit a little big but I really needed to but a half size since toddler are always growing, now its fits perfect", "One of my favorite pair of Nike sneakers I own!  I still wear them over a year later and get tons of compliments on them!  A one of a kind Nike find!!", "Not one of the more expensive NIKE shoes, but definately very comfortable, durable and supports my feet during my training. Love them may buy every collor available", "The fit, material and look of these socks are excellent. The only reason I give them 4 stars is because grass and other debris from the course gets stuck in the sock and doesn't even come out in the wash.  Still my favorite golf socks by far.", "I love these socks, in as much as anyone can get excited about socks. I have size 11 feet and they're a good fit. The left and right are specifically tailored which I didn't expect (one has an L and the other R stitched into it). For summer these are perfect, I'm buying more.", "My husband swears by these socks........he claims best socks on the market. Would recommend them for anyone!!! Try and you will see why!", "These sock fit great and I love that you know which foot to put them on.  Its said right and left.  Veery comfortable.", "Wish they were made here.... Otherwise I would say they were great but instead they are just what I call nice.", "it is a good product but i'd like that it was a 100% cotton, after all it's ok for me", "Purchased the shoes for my son who is a participant in summer track. He loves them- fits true to size. Search various website and department store. This was the best buy.", "this is my second pair of these shoes, the instant my shin splints returned I knew it was time to order a new pair. They are very light, yet very supportive", "When will there be more for size 6 because I really want to buy these shoes I've waited almost 2 weeks to get paid so I can buy them but they are sold out I get paid this this Friday please get more please!!!!!", "Always have loved the Cortez style shoe. The shoes fit great and are comfortable as well. Thanks for holding up your end of the product. :)", "I am very pleased, it is just what I expected.  My daughter had these shoes before but they were lost in a fire.  We saw these online and I decided to order them.  The product is exactley the same as if I bought them from the mall.  The delivery was on time, I am very pleased.", "She and her parents loved it!  Good quality and fits well. They will do well on the days  she doesn't need her snow boots !", "Great for walking, would not recommend for running. This is my fifth pair - i like the look and feel of this shoe. Also good for improving foot strength.", "Fits great and is extremely durable. After every exercise day I wash it and dry it. No issues with holes or tearing. Great buy...", "My son loves these shoes! What a great investment for a 12 yera old! We will buy this style again", "My wife bought it and it's so comfortable and fresh. In fact, she's going to buy another one right away.", "I fell in love with tennis skirts this summer.  These are so comfortable and go with everthing!  They are very adorable on and the shorts underneath didn't ride up like others do, at least not on me.", "I run at least three times a week and skorts on my favorite above shorts. This phone is cute and comfortable can't ask for more.", "It was what my son wanted. The price was what I wanted to pay and we are very happy with it.", "I bought these for my husband for Christmas along with a high top pair. A winter summer type of gift. The high tops didn't get wore even in the winter. He said these were so light and comfortable that he loved them. We will definitely get a new pair when these wear out. He has been wearing these nonstop 6 months just about and they are still like new and he is hard on shoes.", "Have been wearing for 18 months. A little bit heavy, but nice for both indoor and outdoor. Also good for jeans.", "Love these shoes - bought a 2d pair in this color and the same style in another color too!!  Will be watching for good deals on additional colors.", "This is the second pair I have bought to wear to work where I walk at least 10 miles a day.  Great shoe!", "Authentic Nike packaging, great colorway and arrived on est ship date. Since more words are required for review I wish I can find matching gear for the \"chlorine blue\".", "It is better than it looks in the picture. I had a white/blue AF1, but my friend said this was much better.", "It was good to go. Nice shoe and fit well. It was what i expected. I would recomend to anyone as a good buy.", "I picked these shoes up for my wife and she couldn't be happier with the fit and feel. The shoes arrived way earlier than the original shipping estimate that they quoted and were exactly what she ordered. Thanks!", "I LOVE these shoes!!They are rounded at the toe.Not pointy.I have bought this line of nike shoes the past several years. They hold up well.The colors are beautiful and look good in summer with matching nike socks.", "I enjoyed my shoes, shod me wonder, come back soon to enter the site for buying new. I'm so happy", "Very comfortable shoes.....as I play golf 3/4 times a weeK, it is important to have comfortable shoes, and these are among my favorites", "If you love to walk 18 holes, these are the best shoes for that. Very light weight and good traction. Love the shoes!", "My job requires me to be on my feet all day, hauling kegs and cases of beer, so good shoes are pretty important. Bought my first pair from a brick and mortar store. They worked great and held up longer than my previous pair of work shoes. Finally worked em to death and needed a new pair. The store didn't have the size I needed so I got the new ones from here. Two shifts in and I'm glad I bought a second pair.", "Gorgeous shoes but not the brand name written inside the bag Nike has been written another brand name but I do not know what the reason , but a good shoe quality", "just what I expected! I will buy them again next time as well. They are great for most sports events.", "I've had these shoes for two months and I wear them around the house, to work and to the gym, and they've held up great!", "I've been very happy with these shoes - they are very comfortable with a big toebox and very thick padding at the ankle. The base of the shoe is super wide so stability is really awesome. I've been playing competitive volleyball in them for about a month now - still performing great and they are holding up nicely. And I love the looks - cool without looking like something a thug would where.I'm happy enough with them that I just ordered my second pair today so I can switch off during the week and give the first pair a chance to dry out while I use the second.One note - not sure why anyone would think these are \"running shoes\" - they are much more like court shoes or cross trainers than they are running shoes.", "We were so happy to find these shoes again.  It is my husband's 2nd pair after he wore out (about 3 years of daily wear) his 1st.", "I don't like to shop so ordering online makes it easier. It turned out that these shoes were too small so I had to order a larger size (which were perfect). Size numbers between manufacturers varies greatly so make sure you know your size for that manufacturer.", "I changed this pair after my old 35$ shoes started giving me sore feet and the difference is very clear. the shoes fit very comfortably and look nice too. they are good for what they made it for and I even wear it to my university and its comfortable even in long days.", "Just simply perfect. Great price, great fit and I'm sure it'll have the Nike endurance.", "I bought these shoes for my husband. He wears a foot race and the width on the sneakers is a perfect fit.", "the Nike sneakers are perfectly fit and make my feet feel so good when I'm out exercising and walking. the price was perfect for my budget, Thank You Amazon", "these fit me great. started falling apart after a year and I don't even where them at work, so they are part time shoes. just poor craftsmanship.  but they fit me the best out of any I tried.", "I bought these for my husband and he is on his feet and he said he really loves them they really make a difference", "They are great for refereeing, they are high enough to keep your feet dry even in wet grass and offer great support while still being light for running up and down the field.", "Second Paid I've owned, First pair were comfortable for seven years. Can't beat that. I am glad they're still available.", "These are very supportive. I have gotten many compliments on how they look too. They haven't started to squeak for me like others have mentioned", "Shoes are solid, surprising light despite bulky appearance. Use them for walking, hugs feet for a solid feel. a very good product.", "I was looking for a decent shoe with plenty of cushion on the sole. I wear these at work and have been happy with them.", "Absolutely zero complaints with this shoe.  I've had many pairs of the Nike Monarch through the years as they are the most comfortable multi sports shoe I've found.  My main use now, as I get up in the years is for walking, 3-6 miles a day.  I'll continue to purchase these as long as NIKE makes them.  Highly recommend these to anyone that wants to pamper their feet.", "These shoes are ok on comfort, but I wear them in an office environment and they are extremely loud on all floor surfaces.  Would not buy again.", "This pair walks 2 miles a day, five days a week on concrete and are not wore out. All other brands lasted 5 months. My feet have large arches and no pain after 11 months. Leather is not torn and soles have tread. Add $8 inserts and you have the best. Thanks Nike.", "I have found these to have excellent arch support.  One of the most comfortable shoes I have found.  As others have stated they squeaked awful and at work was quite embarrassing.  I resolved the squeak with baby powder.  Putting the powder inside did reduce the squeak but did not resolve it.  I held the shoes in my hand and flexed them to try and pinpoint the sound.  Seemed to be on the front top of the shoe.  I sprayed the baby powder all over the top and tried to work it into the vent holes and then flex it and tap the shoe to try and move it around.  I don't know why but I left them over night and then wiped them off in the morning.  Squeak gone.  I was very surprised as I was skeptical of the baby powder solution.  This lasted 2 to 3 months and I re-applied.  This has now been months and has not returned.  For me worth it since I find the shoes so comfortable. my 2 cents", "I normally don't buy Nike's but thought I would give them a shot and these shoes pass for dress and comfortable.", "I've been wearing this style for years and yes mine squeak. I'll try the talcum powder trick.Otherwise I love them.", "With my orthodics still a great fit.Created and engineered for comfort, these shoes really conform well when walking or standing.Such a good buy, I purchased a extra pair.", "will buy these again ,they fit well, love the color combination, did not take for my insert to set in", "GREAT FIT, COMFORTABLE SHOE. MY SON IS PLEASED. HE SAYS HE WILL RECOMMEND IT AND WE ARE ALSO IMPRESSED WITH YOUR DELIVERY TIME. THANK YOU", "The wearer needs the extra width to accommodate wide foot. These sneakers measure up - true to size. Very lightweight so his legs don't tire and perfect for work.", "Looks on the large size, but is actually lighter tha it looks...i use these shoes for riding myelectric bike and the usage is perfect...i had struggled to find the perfect shoe and i thinki found it...", "A bit of all right,badly in need of comfortable shoes,and the price was spot on.These are very comfortable,and wear more often as anything else.", "Very comfortable and they fit well. They also look very nice on. I wear them at work for the  comfort.", "eleqi esa calificaci&oacute;n porque el producto es muy bueno, el acabado del zapato es muy bonito, 100% original y se le recomiendo a todas las personas para los trotes y actividades deportivas", "Very comfortable. I saw complaints about this sneaker squeaking but I had no problem with squeaks. Perfect fit. I would buy them again.", "I am using for walking to and from work. Excellent shoes, very confortable. Very nice design. After a week of using it I have not heard any strange noise.", "Most comfortable thing you will ever wear on your feet. Took the advice and put the baby powder under the insoles.", "Love the quality, price and style of this tennis shoe.  The fit my feet perfectly so I'm really looking forward to wearing them.", "Some of the most comfortable shoes I've worn.  I'm standing for at least 5 hours at work.  These shoes are so comfortable my feet do not hurt at all.", "My arches are not the best.  A little more arch support would be appreciated by this wearer. Otherwise terrific trainer.", "Very nice my shoes&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl; Thanks a lot&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl; I really like my shoes. It fits perfect&iexcl;&iexcl;The color is very nice.", "This is my third pair in the last for years. I like them because I am able to replace the insert with my own special made inserts. It is about the only shoe I have found to do this.", "Love these shoes, I've been buying the model of shoe for 15 years.....comfortable, wears well, great for walking or running.", "Nike makes a great shoe.The sizing remains constant across the years with Nike, they fit everytime.What a comfortable walking shoe. Every stride has a soft landing with good support offering a stable platform. The sole has good traction even in sub-freezing weather (Can't say they are very warm).I highly recommend this shoe for people who enjoy walking.", "They always fit perfect right out of the box. You couldn't ask for a better pair of shoes at a great price. Thank you", "I bought these for my dad for Xmas, he was the most excited on Xmas day, he tried them and they were a perfect fit.", "these shoes are one of the best for walking ,running, or just for everyday wear. how long do they last? over time they will show some wear  the shoe feels so good you might not notice its time to replace them.", "They look great and fit just right. Good deal and awesome price for what I got. Comfortable and just right", "Can't find a better all around shoe of this type, at any price! Vendor provided 100% satisfactory service. Shipped on time.", "I normally wear a size 11D shoe but these were more like a 10.5.  If you buy these, I recommend going to a wider size and maybe even up a half size to be comfortable.", "I have to say when I received my shoes I didn't expect them to be perfect, but they were! I intend to order more shoes soon! Thank You amazon.com!", "i love these shoes and bought them for the second time. the shipment was on time and they were perfectly packaged", "I have been wearing Nike Air Monarch shoes since they were first introduced. This is generation four and I am glad that the sole pattern has been changed. Generation 3 was squeaky after some wear on the bottom. Otherwise, the fit and comfort are as the have always been. I am on my feet for up to 14-15 hrs a day when I work and these have been the best shoes I have found for my type of work and since they are all black, they pass as dress shoes even in a suit when a suit is required", "So, I bought some of these at a local retailer, they felt very comfortable, and I was able to get them in my size (14).  This was all awesome news.  My old shoes were dying, and I was excited to get into some nice new comfortable shoes.  The shoes were reasonably priced, and felt good while walking.  After about a week of use, I noticed a bit of a squeaking noise coming from my left and right shoe while I was walking.  The noise has become incredibly loud, and it is very distracting.  Everyone seems to notice my loud-ass shoes.  It is awful.  They fit great, and feel great... but, I never thought I would say this about a shoe, they don't sound great.DO NOT BUY!", "I love these shoes in terms of looks, comfort and price.  The dealbreaker for me is the incessant squeaking that happens within days of purchase.  There are numerous reports online, as well as videos on YouTube, that detail this issue.  Putting baby powder underneath the insole is supposed to mitigate the problem but getting the glued-down insole out of the shoe without tearing it is an adventure unto itself.I've gone through three pairs in 18 months and while the look and feel of the shoe was fine when I moved to a new pair the noise they generate is unbearable ... enough for strangers to comment on it while you're walking around.", "Nice shoes at a great price. No squeak. Supports you feet well.", "Again, I was dinged for a restocking/return fee because I trusted that the feet would fit into this shoe.Rather than to alter the size of the feet, I opted to return these shoes.Amazon should perhaps quit selling things that don't fit or be a little more forgiving on returns of merchandise that is of no use to the customer.", "I love shoes that are all black and these fit the description I read the reviews before I bought them and saw that some developed a squeak after they broke them in but I haven't witnessed  anything like that but it's only been a week since I got them. Very comfortable and fit great. I would like to see these no higher than $35 though", "Very nice shoe's, @ very comfortable too , Fit perfectly, Going to wear then on my vacation, Thank You very much.", "These are soo comfortable.I highly recommend them.If you wear a 10.5 order these in an 11.Perfect fit.", "Good padding, very light weight, though it has odd tail but like looped tab at its tail to slip on.", "This was a gift for my husband and he loves them. You can't beat the quality of Nike and the price was reasonable.", "It fits my foot very well and provides excellent support! I hope that they continue to make this shoe and in more colors!", "Too small.  Nobody's fault but mine.  I reordered a size 10.5. Should be here soon. I'm sure they'll be loved.", "I have been wearing Nike Monarchs for years and I love them. Nice roomy fit and very comfortable. I hope Nike sells them forever.", "it was a nice shoe, to be a nike product i was expected so much more, this is just a shoe", "This is a good fitting and nice looking pair of shoes.  No problem with delivery. These shoes squish like their wet.  It is intolerable.It's not just a little, it is way too loud.  Unless you are deaf and don't care, don't buy these shoes.  Nike makes excellent shoes.  Buy a different style.", "Excellent and fast service.-Very good product.-I recomend to buy it. It's a comfortable sport shoes.-My husband wears it the entire day", "This product is a good fit and very comfortable, so much that I ordered my other son the same shoes.", "Husband really likes this Nike shoe for work! Great support, comfortable and in a wide width! Will purchase this shoe again. Thanks", "Great shoes! These seem to have more heel cushioning than other similar shoes, and we're very effective at lessening foot pain, right out of the box!", "Excelent shoes!! all it gone ok with the track and everything the shoes fit so well the size was perfect and the shoes are beutifful", "Worked fine for the first week then became gradually extremeley squeaky. I had to perform operation to unsqueak. There's a youtube video that shows you what to do. Would rather have not had to do that.", "My husband is very happy with the fit and the look. he said they are very comfortable. again I am very happy with the product", "My son loves this shoe.  It is somewhat tighter than other Size 11's that he always buys, but it is a great shoe and good looking.  He previously had the same shoe and it wears well.", "Do identify specific attributes (e.g. comfort & fit of a shirt or the battery life of a camera) and whether they met your expectations", "Only shoe my husband wears for work.Have been buying these for years.True to size fit. Good value ,good quality.Low price.", "Shoes have great support all around and the toe box is wide and comfortable. Stable while in play. Well made. I have four other pairs of tennis shoes which I can't wear to play tennis as the toe box is too narrow and tight, causing blisters and pain.  The NikeAir Monarch fits my feet better than any other shoe I tried on.  Wish they came in more bright colors.", "Very comfortable shoes with great arch support. These are more comfortable than many of the more expensive Nikes out there and have lots of cusion to them.Well, update. After three to four weeks they developed an annoying squeak as some other reviewers have experienced. Will not buy any more of these!", "These are the shoes my husband keeps having me order. He loves the look, the fit, and the comfort. Great shoes.", "I live at in a tropical rain forest and these shoes keep my feet warm and dry and they are so comfortable. I love my Nike air monarch shoes. They are the best!", "The sneakers fit really well and are comfortable. Kind of lite which I enjoy. Love that I was able to find a pair that I think looks good and have hope that they are durable. The sneakers are more for show than sports because they don't appear to be too flexable. I mean more flexable than my older neighbor that I used to have relations with back in the day but she had an arthritis problem. Yeah I like older women, why you laughin, you don't see me making fun of you for being the head of the Emo Phillips fan club do you?", "Compared to the discontinued Air Definitions, these Air Monarchs are like wood shoes!  I feel what I can only describe as walking with a rail under my arches.  I contact Nike, who responded very quickly, but sadly told me they would not be making Air Definitions...  I know a great deal of people my age (50+) who wore Air Definitions.  If anyone knows a good Nike Air cross-training, please let me know.  All I wear are Nikes, but just moved to a NB 608 v3", "i HAVE OWNED 6 PAIRS OF THESE SHOES THROUGH THE YEARS AND YES THEY DO SQUEAK BUT THAT CAN BE FIXED EASILY WITH POWDER. THESE SHOES ARE THE MOST COMFORTABLE SHOES I HAVE EVER OWNED I AM 6 FEET 2 IN 280 POUNDS WITH BAD KNEES AND HAVE TRIED MANY SHOES BUT THESE ARE THE BEST MOST COMFORTABLE SHOES I HAVE EVER OWNED I HOPE NIKE DOESN'T CHANGE A THING IF YOU NEED A GREAT PAIR OF SHOES I RECOMMEND THESE", "sneaker squeaked, cut out the insole with directions I found on youtube, shoes are now perfect. good good good good", "got the package as expected, hard to find all black shoes in stores, they fit perfect and are very comfortable. will order more when they wear out.", "Great shoes-I'm in the restaurant business & have feet problems but these shoes are GR88888888888888!!! This is the 2nd pair I've ordered. :))", "When I took the shoes out of the box they looked as though they were a pair of returned shoes.  That is not what I expected but I will use them anyway since I wear them for work mostly.", "I have had 7 sets of this shoe and they are made great and are very comfortable. I will buy more", "These shoes are a great fit and very comfortable. I am on my feet all day and I have bad knees and these shoes have really helped with the pain because of the cushioning.", "The prior Nike Air Trainers were more flexible and to my feet generally more comfortable.  Perhaps these will be better with wear.  I have not noticed the squeak some people have complained of, perhaps Nile cured that.", "These Nikes were not the same quality as I get in retail stores.  The shoes are the size he always wears but this pair didn't fit.", "The sneakers fit just fine and were cheaper than if I went to a Sporting Goods store. I use them for work around the house - they do squeak a little bit but it doesn't bother me.", "I ordered the same exact size and type as I was replacing. But they didn't fit real well on the top of my foot. Which was very unexpected. After wearing them in they stretched out and worked ok. The package delivered within the specified time window.", "It was a gift for my dad and he loves this shoes. They fit perfect and are so comfortable. They also look great.", "bought for brother who works in fast food and who is on their feet all daygreat support,great fithe really likes them", "Over the years I have owned over a dozen pair of these.  They are comfortable, cushioned, durable with good sole grip. Once I found them I kept going back and buying them.  I walk all day so my feet, ankles, knees and hips take a pounding. I have less pain with the Air Monarch.  Although the Air Monarch III was in my opinion a better shoe, the Air Monarch IV is better than all the others I've tried.I bought three pair for me. This pair is for my son.", "I haven't had a pair of Nike in years I just don't know why I stop buying them They fix great and I know they will last a long time because all my last pair did.I am so happy that I looked on amazon for shoes because the price was great.O ya that's why I did bye Nike the prices were to high for me in stores well thanks to amazon I know were to bye all my products at a great price and fast delivery.I don't have to wast gas and my time in stores.Thank you amazon for your great products.", "This shoe has many problems. First, it squeaks even on carpet. Second, as I have a narrow foot the Nike Air Definition was purchased for over 10 years. It was a really good shoe, fit great. But the Monarch is much wider in the heel. Size was the same 11.5 D. Nike why did you change a good product? Answer: You wanted to make it cheaper!! Squeak Squeak!!", "I've been wearing Monarch's for years so I knew what to expect.  Good looking, well fitting and comfortable shoe for everyday wear.  I will order again.", "Fits perfect, very comfortable and not squeaky like my white pair!My job requires me to stand for 8 hrs and these shoes makes it bearable.", "These are still a great as always. Nice looking when wearing jeans or just about anything. Keep up the good work!", "A truly good quality cross training shoe, very comfortable and lightweight and much better than the New Balance ones that I bought a few weeks earlier.", "Wish I could return these shoes, but maybe too much time has gone by.  I kept waiting for the noise to stop after awhile, but they squeak way too loud.  I will not be able to wear them anymore.Do I have any recourse since these shoes will have to be thrown away???", "I love these shoes they are so comfy and fit perfect. I will be ordering more when I need another pair", "These are perfect &#34;in the gym&#34; shoes.  I get the suport and traction I need in a lite, easy to wear shoe.", "Like others have reported, expect for these babies to squeak after a while.for my situation however, the squeaking doesn't bother me, I just need a long lasting powerful, comfortable and good looking shoe and this in my opinion is all of that.", "I bought these for my son for his birthday. He loves them and fit perfect. I buy him a pair of Nikes every year and this is the best one so far!", "I think that this is an OUTSTANDING SELLER!!  They provide amazing customer response.  I would strongly recommend them to anyone looking for shoes.", "My husband loves these sneakers!  Very comfortable and they look great!  Got these at a really good price.  Thank you.", "it is perfect", "Great fitting shoe. Husband always wears these. Theory are very comfortable. Will be buying more in the near future. Thanks", "Warm, really good for NY weather, and the delivery is quick. Price is very reasonable, love it. Comfortable, but just a bit small for my feet.", "The only problem I have is that the pkgs are arriving sort of tampered with???? Other than that , great experience.", "I am in Afghanistan and purchased this shoe thinking I knew what to order. I already own a pair. I like them and they look good. Size 11. the shoes that arrived beautiful. one problem. they don't fit. my toes go all the way to the tip of the shoe and the squeeze my feet.. when I contacted the seller their response was, \"Try a size 12\". I am on a forward operating base in Afghanistan and I have no access to mail to return this product. would have hoped they'd have said, That's alright, we understand, send them back at your earliest convenience etc... nope, Try size 12. Thank you Shoe zoo for your support. lack of support i should say.", "I love these shoes. They are very comfortable. I wear Nike sneakers all the time and this is one of my favorite pairs.", "This product is very good quality,very comfortable,very soft walk like you walk on clouds.If your feet are wide this is perfect for you.In the beginning they were silent but now to squeak.I have to walk more with them.Thanks NIKE", "Great comfortable shoes for a very picky husband. They are like walking on air he is one happy guy and that makes me happy.", "Great high quality shoe. Just after buying, with a brief breakin period, used them on a 3 week vacation. Walked quite a bit. Two issues for me.  1. No question, my foot size is 12, been that way for years, but the shoe seemed a bit small. 2. For warm weather, these were a bit warm.", "I can not say enough good things about this product, it was an amazing purchase and I will buy from this seller and this product again in the future", "I bought them at Sports Authority about a month ago and now the seams on bottom of sneaker are separating and making noise.  The date on my sneakers is 8/9/12 - 8/13/12.  I used to wear this line of sneakers with no problems, now I will be switching to another sneaker maker. Very comfortable sneaker but people are commenting on the noise from my sneakers as I walk by, even on carpet!", "There are the most comfortable shoes I've ever wore in my 54 years of captivity thanks Nike!", "These shoes I like very much, for a low end Nike Air shoes they fit the bill for a comfy walking shoes, has very good grip in wet situation...And Just enough Air support to take edge off walking on concrete. Was delivered ontime, and packed in a smaller sized box and over all satisifed with order...Would buy again. ThanksTodd Poole", "Nike Men's NIKE AIR MONARCH IV RUNNING SHOES 11 (WHITE/BLACK/VARSITY RED) This is great for your arch of your feet and its fits realy good.", "I purchased these shoes for my son because he is on his feet most of the day.  He says that they are very comfortable, well cushioned,  and provide the needed support.", "My husband wanted me to get him some new shoes .. Just like his old shoes. That's why I love Amazon. I searched, found, and ordered. It took awhile to get here, but he is very happy with the shoes. His third pair.", "They are somewhat large for me.  I am between a size 14 and 15, but no one makes a 14 1/2.", "Shoes arrived in perfect condition . They were a gift for my son. They fit him perfectly and are very comfortable.", "I purchased a pair of Monarchs several years ago and still wear them but they don't look too good so I purchased these and the beat goes on.  Hopefully Nike is still making them in the next 5 years when I am ready for the next pair.  Best shoe I have ever worn.", "I purchased these to wear to the office during the week. You can't tell they're tennis shoes. And if you're on your feet all day, these are the answer! Nothing to &#34;black out&#34; as far as logo etc.Very happy, happy, happy!", "I bought the shoe because it has excellent heel and arch support. Very comfortable. Broad sole provides good stability. A good value.", "These are a second pair, first bought locally. They are good for my feet bottoms, where I've had issues, and where running and other cross training lighter types just were not cushioned adequately. These are perfect for avoiding that. And they are not heavy for the build. I walk treadmill at 6.0+ elevation, and flexibility is also not an issue. The &#34;D&#34; size in these is my wider than average width, while the other models of &#34;E-4&#34; etc, were too wide in the store. I waited for two months to be sure the store bought pair were indeed perfect; these from Amazon were true to size, and will last me for years--Grateful to Amazon once again. ~ww", "It is really a high end orthopedic shoe for just $70.It helps me with my back pain.One feels like walking on a cloud.You'll love it too.", "its good for work. for money its worth it. i recommend this shoe for ppl who works long hour on feet. very comfortable.", "I got these shoes for a relative to replace some other Nikes shoes.  Comfortable and light weight.  He says they are great and would buy them again.", "Best running jacket I have every had. Wish they still made these.  It is light weight, jet protect from rain and (some) wind. The sleeves can be taken off (zipped) - which I do fairly often during running. It has a clips to keep your head phone wire nicely running on the inside of the jacket to your side pocket.Very well done design.", "Got these for my son for his indoor winter baseball training. He really likes the way the shoes fit and likes their look.", "Bought it for her to wear under her clothes during the spring and summer months here in New England. Fits well and she's happy, so that makes me happy!", "I have owned adidas, puma, New balance and a lot of nikes, but this model IS THE ONE. incredibly comfortable and very well designed for running. For walking they are unbeatable too.", "I am a long time Saucony customer. I tried these shoes out and found them to be light and comfortable for mid-mileage running. They seem to me to run true to size, but are wider in the heal and mid-foot as compared to Saucony. Nice looking and well made as well.", "i really liked the shoe when i first got it it was sooo comfy i loved it...it had very good support in running and arch support i've been wearing the same pair of shoes for almost 10 months held up good except for the mesh on the sides... it started to rip and tear but it has been almost 10 months very good shoe im going to try the 3rd one out to see how that one will work......i prescribe this shoe for any day use and runnning", "I have owned multiple pairs of running shoes, and I must say these are the best I have ever owned. Even a customized pair from NIKE ID did not fit me as well as these do. The lightweight feel is unmatched by any other shoe and the comfortability is still there regardless of the weight. Not only are these shoes perfect for running, but they also make a great workout shoe. Even if you are looking for a pair of sneakers to wear around, these shoes will work for you. I highly recommend them, especially at such a great price.", "I have had the lunarglide +2 for about a month and am very pleased.. I walk a brisk 5 miles/day foryears and these are my favorites.  Extreme comfort and I like the style, even with the red outersole.I am considering another pair in a different colour or trying the newer lunarglide 3..update:  I tried the new lunarglide +3 but they only had one colour combination and it didn't work for me.  Fortunately, the lunarglide +2 were on sale and $20.00 off, so I bought another pair and amhappy.  I bought the lite grey/ lime green outersole combination and they look great and feel great too..", "These shoes are great! Thay lasted my son about a year, before he wore them out. I bought him a pair of plain Nike hightops and they aren't even close to being a good as the Jordan's where, when it is time to buy my 13 year old son shoes again he is asking that I get him another pair of these!", "I bought these for my son to wear to school with his uniform and they look great.  You can't go wrong with Jordan's.  Great shoe.", "excellent desing, perfect for basketball players. I have never see this model before, I will seach for a bigger and other colour.", "These shoes are so comfortable they make you feel like you're playing golf barefooted. Today it was over 100 degrees and my feet were cool and dry. The wide width is just right for my feet. Love them.", "Very comfortable and light weight.  I love that the liner is sock like and stitched to the tongue so the tongue doesn't move from side to side.", "Nice material, lightweight and airy. Great for running, they run on the short side so would not recommend for the gym (especially for those bench pressing ((use your imagination))  Oh, these are not lined if you are curious about that.", "I grew up a huge Michael Jordan fan, so when my kid started watching videos of him on YouTube, it was only natural that we look for the shoes.  I found these on Amazon, the only place that I could find them in his size.  These are great, just like I remembered from the first time they came around.  My kid loves them, I only wish I could of gotten myself a pair as well.", "I love my new sunglasses!  great fit, just as described not a scratch on them.  I will order antoher pair.", "LOVE them!Comfortable and great wearing.Good wrap style.Not to thin.Look good on a female face.Highly recommend.", "There is nothing special about these glasses. In fact they feel kinda cheap compared to quality pairs like Costa or Maui Jim. However, they look great on my face, have decent lenses and are waaaaay cheaper then most other quality polarized sunglasses. I am very satisfied with my purchase!", "I saw these on retail for $120, got them for about $70 on Amazon.  Very stylish, looks and feels great on.  I usually buy the cheap $15-20 throw away sunglasses.  The level of quality is much noticeably greater.  Couldn't be happier with my buy.", "They fit well and look great but the lenses get scuffed up way too easily. Looks like I need to get them replaced shortly.", "I bought these because I wanted to have a pair of sunglasses to play golf in and possibly flag football without them slipping off my face.  They fit almost too good as where the glasses contact my ear becomes sore after wearing these for a prolonged period of time.  Overall I am happy with the product and the price on Amazon.", "I gave them to my wife and she loves them. They were an excelent present. she looks nice, and they make their work.", "I JUST LOVE IT! fits well into my face and the colour is amazing!!!!Great sun protection!!! no fogging at all.", "The look is greatThe optical quality is very goodGood case to protect the sunglasses when storedI love it", "The jordan slide are comfortable and good looking yall should get a pair of these, im actually wearing them right now!", "These are well made, comfortable, and stylish. Intermediate school must haves for the summer or after sports. The run just a bit big. I still recommend these highly!", "Bought these for Grandson who goes outside to smoke his cigarettes.He needed something that was easy to slip on and take off.  He loves them.", "Great delivery speed good price ok fit. All plastic so able to go in a shower with no issues or problems", "This was a gift for my grandson he said they were great . I would order them again .The fit was very good that. Right size", "My grandson was thrilled and wears them as often as he can. The size was correct as was the design", "I bought a gray and a white top in this style...they wash well and fit great!  I wear them a lot and would purchase more later on...When I bought them initially(from the product description), I thought that they were made with the dri-fit material, but they are just V-neck cotton tees...still like them though...That is the main reason I gave it 4 stars...", "Cool retro shoe", "A true old school shoe made with old school quality. Most comfortable shoes Ive owned. The new ones dont match the quality.", "Got exactly what I wanted. Item came a day later than I wanted but I believe it was more so the delivering company whose fault it was. Would order again if they had what I wanted, prices were reasonable too!", "That's good, the products arrived in Brazil in perfect condition, but were taxed by the IRS.It look 30 days to arive in the country", "i have shopped two colors this model. this is very very good, and comfortable and stylish Nike! we have a blue one too. we ar very pleased and glad and happy to have theese", "Awesome great shoes, fit great classic style!  Hard to find shoes got quickly in mail, like & wear them a lot!!", "Finally able to get an Auburn Championship shirt in my lifetime. This shirt is not only great looking but is well made and fits perfectly. I would recommend to anyone. War Eagle!", "These shoes are nice as far as looks go but they are litle bit tight on the sides. I play Basketball once a week and I used the shoes couple times, they were fine as far as grip and sole goes and they are in ideal weight range. These shoes dont have wider versions and hence they are a bit tight on the sides but worth the money that I paid ($70)", "Shoes of this size are very limited where I live. Happy to see all the styles from this website. My daughter looks very cute in these new kicks!", "This bag is made of very sturdy materials.  Perfect size for one change of clothes or shoes.Priced lower than any we've seen in retail stores.", "I bought these shoes as a gift for my dad, he lives in Argentine and he never had this kind of shoes before.I gave it to him like 6 months ago, he loved it, and its still looks like the first day I got them from Amazon, great quality, great shoes, pretty confortable.", "I really do like this pair of shoes; feels so comfortable and also looks nice on feet :)I will look for different color ( gray ) to buy", "This review is to anyone that orders from this company I really give them a thumbs up they were great in customer responds and there product was actually what i wanted and more thanks again for you business.", "This teni is very comfortable to walk or run in the Park by its comfortable sole and design I recommend it own you backyard from 1 year and still use it almost like new are", "It is just ok and as far as iam concerned i am wearing it for my long distance walks and so far so good!", "Love these. My old pair are almost worn out so I got another pair in a different color. Highly recommended!", "I like the shoes!!! they are really nice. they were 39.99 and i would've paid more for them cuz they look so great! I run 5 miles a day and have used them 4 days and they are really comfortable and provide support where needed for a daily user. Feel it was a good buy. They were delivered in 2 days after the seller had them shipped, but the seller did take a few days to ship em out but still only took about 6 days total 2 receive them.", "better than shoes three times the price. very comfortable, great fit and nice looking. Buy a pair and see for yourself", "My husband is very picky about shoes and I shopped for months before I decided on these. They are very price efficient. He has had them now for a year and they are holding up beautifully. He loves them.", "This is actually my second pair of this exact walking shoe. I specifically wanted this color combination, same as my first pair. They have very good support are comfortable and wear well. The Amazon price including shipping was totally competative. Will be very happy when I decide to replace my existing shoe with the new pair.", "nice very goodA mi hijo le encantaron sus nuevos zapatos son  muy suaves y el color le gusto mucho, buen precio", "They are awesome, and great looking with athletic clothing and jeans as well. The heel feels very padded and therefore very comfortable.", "These are my new favorite shoes. Great looking and comfotable. Amazon underpromised and overdeliered by getting them to me way before I expected. Thanks, wish every company was so service oriented.", "I love the sneakers I purchased for my husband! They fit him just right and are very comfortable. He hates to shop and by me buying them knowing if they don't fit I can send them back was perfect. Thank you so much for making my life easier!", "These are very lightweight and comfortable. However, there is no way I can run in these since there is no arch support at all. They work fine to run errands in and work around the house and yard.", "I bought these to replace my workout shoes.  They are nice, a little tight but I expect when they are broke in they will fit perfectly.", "This is a great pair of walking shoes!  They are light weight but sturdy.  I highly recommend this shoe if you like to walk.", "Typical Nike shoes. Look good, feel good, what else can I say. Yes I would buy them again and do recommend them.", "This is a comfortable shoe and I feel well supported wearing them.  I don't go in for flash and color, so this suits me to a t.", "perfect fit, came quickly, great price-they have been comfortable to wear since day one, no break in time needed! would order again", "These have to be the MOST comfortable shoes I have ever owned.  I have spurs on the back of my heal and it is very tender to the touch and these shoes fit so well they don't hurt!!!  I would advise everyone to try these.  They are AMAZING!!!!", "Excellent quality and finish. I loved it because it was the perfect size and model for my mother. Was a gift.", "I had tried two other kinds (including Addidas) and I always end up back with Nike because they provide a perfect fit for my wide foot and lots of support for workouts.", "My mom love these! She has been wanting Nikes that are leather and these were great for her she says they are real comfortable glad she enjoys them and they came in timely manner as well after Xmas I ordeded and they were here  within a few days.  Thank you", "Well-padded, comfortable, good-looking, all-purpose shoes, for anything from casual errands to walking/light exercise/running. Comfort is more important than looks of the shoes, but these shoes look fine, too.", "My girlfriend loved it. Ellegant, fit as expected and I do recommend to all want a tennis to come and go.", "After wearing (out) a pair of Asics for a while, and not really satisfied, I happily returned to my all time favorite brand - Nike. The Air Monarch's fir well and look good.", "I recieved my shoes and they fit perfectly.  I have had some bad experience with online ordering when it comes to shoes.  Some of the shoes I have ordered have been tight on my feet and I have not been able to wear them.  These were a perfect fit and the price was half of what I am use to paying in stores!", "Great walking shoe.", "This is the only athletic shoe I will buy. Great fit for my wide feet and extremely comfortable once broke in. I tried this style a few years back.......hope they never discontinue the style.", "I hope Nike does not screw upand stop making these shoes - they nailed it when they started to make them.  I have bought Monarchs for 6 straight years.", "I got the shoes right away as a Prime member!  I like that - totally worth the money!!  The shoes are great and who would think otherwise!!", "I have been wearing these for years. This is the only sneaker I buy. I love the way it fits, and the fact that it's wide is wonderful! I am very happy with this product!", "These shoes are an absolute god send, extremely comfortable and exceptionally stylish. I see alot of guys are complaint about the squeak, I happen to like it. It let's my kids know I'm coming and that its time to hop in the van and get to soccer practice. All of the fine soccer moms notice my shoes and compliment me on them, and also how great my butt looks in my wrangler jeans, in a nice stonewash. The only pants to wear them with if I may add. But I digress, another superb feature is they come in widths many sneakers don't and this is an added plus as my feet swell from time to time. I highly recommend these shoes to anyone looking for comfort, styling and value. Stylish enough to wear absolutely anywhere from the supermarket to the kohls. I'm going to buy the black ones next to wear to more formal occasions.", "hello good morning very much fine excelent i am complace a e i o u del 1 al 10 les doy 10", "Outdadgumstanding!!! Comfortable, stable, the perfect shoe for the treadmill or elliptical.  I am very happy and about to purchase a second pair.", "Many years ago I was severely injured and I have to be careful about what I wear on my feet. I originally bought a pair of these shoes because I trust the brand and they had these in my size. I was a little nervous about whether or not they would be comfortable for me to wear. Well, I liked them so much after I got to wear them I bought a second pair. My wife asked me about them after she has injured her leg riding and needed a more comfortable shoe for a while. I bought her a pair and she loves them as much as I do.", "Excellent buy on a classic pair of Nike Monarchs.  One of the best walking shoes on the market. They fit excellent and the service as well as shipping was first rate. The Monarchs are a great fit if you have wide feet and do allot of walking.  They are light as well as comfortable with the quality you would expect from Nike.", "Great looking shoe and it lives up to it's description in the post here on Amazon.  However, for the Price to include shipping it was slightly high, but a good purchase still the same.", "I am very pleased with these sneakers. first, I never thought i'd be able to get them in a wide shoe. this is my second pair for my boyfriend and first pair for my son. very,very happy. WILL buy these again.", "I bought the Men's Nike Air Monarch IV running shoes for my son. He said that the shoes were a perfect fit, since he was in an accident and had surgery on his knee, he cannot wear too many shoes but this pair of shoes were perfect....comfortable and they do not bother him at the end of the day.", "bought a pair of these shoes.. fit well.. been buying AIr Monarch for a long time. only shoes I never have problems wearing for the first time out of the box.. LOVE EM!", "sneakers were perfect.  they fit exactly as they should and true to size.  really like these sneakers.  will order them again", "I've been getting these Monarchs for years and never heard any squeaking noise. Anyways the lady's dig em and when I pair them with some levis my sweet butt really looks good. I often get it pinched by passing women at the grocery store. Thanks Nike.", "I actually bought this as present for my father--he loved it! Delivery was quick as well which was something I wanted since it had to brought in overseas--Thanks!", "I have been buying the Nike Monarch's for years and have loved them. Unfortuanetly the last pair I bought have a very noisey squeak with every step I take. This pair is now the \"work in the yard\" shoes - I am now wearing New Balance. Hopefully Nike will fix the problem on next years model as these are the most comfortable sneakers I have ever had.", "Hello, these shoes are amazing deceptive. At first I thought by looking at them I had found the perfect work shoe. I could not have been more wrong. First they are the hottest shoe I own.  I'm always glad to take them off. Second they devolved that rubber on rubber squeak after a couple of months. Third I've never twisted my ankles more often than after putting these on. Mind you I have strong ankles. I decided it was due to the hardness of the soul. It's seem unlike my other shoes these have a strange contact pattern that makes it exceptionally prone to twisting ones ankle. Other than that it is stitched well and has held up just like a good leather shoe.", "SEVERAL YEARS AGO I BROKE BOTH ANKLES IN AN CONSTRUCTION ACCIDENT. IN 2007 I BOUGHT MY FIRST PAIR OF AIR MONARCHS, AND THIS WILL BE PAIR NO. 4.  FOR ME THEY ARE WITHOUT A DOUBT THE MOST COMFORTABLE SHOES I HAVE EVER WORN.", "I bought a bigger size on purpose. This is very comfortable and well cushioned, will help prevent the sore feet and ankles.", "Thank you Nike for making the most comfortable pair of sneakers ever!!  Now can you please manufacture them so they won't squeak loud enough to wake the dead!!  Nike has had been making these shoes for many years but have had a defect problem for about the last 2 years or so, you would think by now they would have been able to fix it! For now I am wearing New Balance because it's the only company I found that makes an extra-wide, at an affordable cost, that is half way comfortable.", "Excellent is what I expected", "This one great shoe the only issue is the consistent squeeking, Nike must cure this issue or I will not repurchase these again!", "Nike is a great product .thank for making wide shoes they are great.thank you very much for my shoes a.d stucc", "On time with exact fit and with good packing I really like the product ,you guys send me on Christmas and should thank for that,really good job done thanks a ton...", "As a nursing student, it is important to have comfortable shoes for clinical. These are not only comfortable but much more stylish for a 20 year-old than the typical white work shoes. I love them!", "I'm a nurse, and shoes should never have to be &#34;broken-in&#34;. They should feel good as soon as you put them on. The seam on the shoe runs directly across your toes, and with socks on, it just adds more to the pressure points at the end of the toes. This can cause blisters and discomfort. Won't buy them again....", "I love these shoes for walking. They fit perfectly and are lightweight and flexible. I would purchase these again in another color.", "It is a great shoe, very comfortable. I use it for running around the research lab, teaching, and I bought another pair for the gym. The service was excellent too. Shipped very quickly.", "I use them for running, lots of walking, and aerobics . . . they fit great and have held up well for several months now! They still look good too, even with all the white on them. I'll be ordering another pair when I've worn these out!", "This is a great pair of shoes. Was exactly what they said it would be and is the best shoes I have owned.", "From the minute I ordered from Amazon to the speedy delivery I was happy.  Nike is a great shoe and the price was wonderful.  The shoe actually was better looking then it appeared on line.", "The product arrived on time, in excelent condition and it fits me perfectly therefore they are great for excercise and for walking.", "Good quality, suitable for everyday walking, and in good price. May be I would buy more of the same style, and from the same seller.", "Great shoe that fits well, looks good, and is of good quality.  You really can't go wrong with a Nike running shoe and this one is really great.", "very comfortable and fit well. unable to find in stores anymore so it was nice to find then on line.", "Ordered for my Step-daughter for Christmas.. I think she will love them.. if not, I will lol! Very light weight. Great bargain.", "These sneakers came very clean, well rapped etc. According to my daughter whom loves them and could'nt wait for her husband to see her in them Lol, My daugter loves these sneakers and I am happy to find a company with such a great line of athletic shoes. Avery good company that are very resonable, and the sneakers came on time.Thank You", "I bought this shoes for mom and she's loving it. and well, I don't know what else to say, great shoes, really confty :)", "I have been walking on treadmill for a few weeks now. I walk anywhere from 4 to 6 miles a day and it is hard on my feet. I have an old pair of Nike walking shoes that are just about worn out, so I ordered these. These shoes are so light and feel really good on my feet. I was hoping that since they are considered running shoes that they would also be good for walking, and they are. I am very satisfied with the comfort and I really love the colors! I was also impressed with the price! Nike's are just great shoes!", "These shoes where more than expected.. the color was perfect but most important for our daughter in track who runs and needs good comfortable shoes!! also I paid for standard shipping but received priority in every action.", "Nice", "Feels excelent.  I used them to run (5k), spinning and trademill and they worked perfect.  I recommend them.  The style is perfect and very elegant and modern.  They color helps cover the dirt.", "The product looks a bit cheap like the Nike logo will fall off real soon. Not that it matters much since I will only wear them to the gym. Their delivery was amazing! The fastest I&#8217;ve ever seen. Great Job!", "I am very pleased with these shoes.  I highly recommend them to anyone.  They are very comfortable and they look nice.", "Just what I expected and wanted. Fits great, materials are legit. I always worry when ordering shoes online, but these are legit...", "My son bought this shoe as a wedding gift for his 5 year old cousin who was the ring bearer in his wedding. He loved wearing the shoes and wore them to the reception and had practically kept them on including sleeping in them for about a week. He loved his new Nike shoes and was very proud of wearing them.", "I get so many compliments on these sneakers i'm tempted to buy a second pair for when these wear out and nike don't make them anymore. The color really stands out and they look and feel great!", "Love these shoes! I actually have them in black too. Super comfortable and lightweight. Color is great a little hard to keep clean. Rocks can get stuck in the bottom but flexibility allows for them to be easily removed. :)", "I love it was glad I finally got it .I love the color the fit the make just super. just great", "This hiking boot awesome! I had back surgery and I needed a boot/shoe that would provide arch support, look good and be comfortable. I can wear these all day and I feel great at the end of the day.I highly recommend this boot!", "These are one of the best pairs of shoes I've had.i bought these for work shoes I stand all day and these are awesome", "I think this tennis is better for a nurse who walk all the time. It is a very comfortable shoe but it too big looking in the front which you can't see in the picture. I have to return it.", "Great shoes, feel like I am walking on air.  I was surprised by how well they fit and feel.  Great!", "I'm from Argentina, I ordered the nike rift with the size 36. I did not know there were many sizes 36. I get the size smaller and I can not utilize. But the product itself is very good", "I bought these shoes for walking.  They have proven to be a wise choice.  These shoes are extremely comfortable.  I was concerned about finding socks that would fit the shoes because of the toe separation.  But it's very easy to tuck any sock between my toes and slide the shoes on.  They are very comfortable, as I have said.  I highly recommend Nike Air Rifts.", "The best thing a shoe can be is comfortable, and this one is.  But more than that, it is even more attractive on the foot than it is in the picture.  Every time I wear this shoe someone asks me about it.  First they want to know if there is really a split between the great toe and the rest.  Then they want to know if they are comfortable.  Then they want to know where they can get a pair.  This shoe is light  on the foot, almost like wearing a cloud and it almost makes you want to run.  This is one shoe I don't want to do without in my closet.  I'd gladly buy another pair.  I'm thinking about purple.", "I LOVE THIS...SHOES....I USE THIS EVERY MONDAY..FOR MY GYM& ZUMBA DANCE...ACTUALLY THAT SHOES IS MY FAVORITE & VERY GOOD QUALITY...", "I found this to be the best shoe for my feet. Since my feet are stronger than most people, I really need the arch support. And this shoes has a thick band to hold my foot in place inside the shoe. The sole breaks perfectly on the ball of the foot, so it doesnt cramp my calf muscles. The slit between the big toe and the rest of my toes allows for proper toe placement giving me a much better level of balance. It expands slightly when you break but maintains a snug hold on the foot.Great shoe. Wild colors - love it!!!", "I love these shoes!!!! They're so comfortable that I almost wear them every weekend!!!! I can't leave them!!! I can walk all day long and without feeling them. I prefer to wear them with no socks that's why I find this color great!", "love this kinds of shoes. comfortable, healthy and prepare for walking on all kinds of grounds. Love to have gotten this and with so beautiful colors. I love go walking and this has been a very good choose to go ahead wit this...Enjoyable!", "These cleats are very nice quality and look great. My son wears a size 9 though so I was surprised the 11.5 fit. I thought he'd grow into them. Still his favorite Christmas present so very worth it, just might not have them as long.", "The Air Elite shoe is absolutely great for pre-game activities.  Especially for pitchers, it is comfortable but it also allows agility on the mound without having to put on a metal cleat for bullpen sessions or PFPs.  The shoe is also good for working out and baseball exercises indoors.  Highly recommend it.", "I have had these shoes for a couple a years and they are my favorite ones since I got them... Stylish, comfortable and relaxed. Great purchase.", "I love these shoes. I have been wearing these shoes since I have recollection of time. It was a shame that I was not able to find these in the &#34;Alleys&#34; here in L.A. Loved that I got them here!!! I bought two pairs.", "These shoes are great to wear. They are great while running.I notice that the sole of the shoe will break after a short while. It's not good against water.", "Theses shoes look just as good as they do in the picture! They were gave as a gift for my boyfriend and he LOVES them!!", "Bought these for my sons basketball shoes!! Perfect ... Just like the pic and they came very quickly!! He loves em!! I got all the credit from him, love Amazon!!! Quick, cheaply priced n perfect!!", "Got these shoes and loved them from the second I put them on!  Great for the gym and for casual use as well.  They are bright, but such a nice quality you are OK with them being loud!Recommend them highly!", "These shows are extremely stylish. With the summer season creeping up fast, these were the exact shoes i was looking to show off during the summer. Great quality and look", "Fits perfect and love to go golfing.  Great shoe and comfortable.  Even good when its damp outside.  On time as well", "$3 cheaper from this seller in the UK....but got here not much later than 7 days.The singlet itself makes sweat just disappear.It's great for the gym & insanity /P90x type work out.You feel like you are going topless but not being inappropriate about it.Nothing like Nike-DryFit.Yeah you could get a Road Runner version for $5 cheaper like I did but it seems heavier & doesn't fit as nice to show off your newly ripped body from working out in this singlet!", "Great comfort shoe for exercise and running.  The perfect buy for customers into fitness and health.  I love the color and plan to buy this product in another color if available.", "Great for aerobic dance.  Lots of cushion in the ball of the foot; there is a complete air sole, so the air is also under the ball of the foot where we land the most in aerobics. They feel like mini trampolines.", "Have it in numerous colors. Great to wear to the gym and wipes the sweat away so you can hit the weights even harder.", "Best hoodie.  Only thing even close is the Champion hoodie, in my opinion. I have both, so the comparison is sound. There are generally around the same price, and rightly so.", "i now own two of these. looks great and also has a really soft fleece inner, and very warm. arrived quickly tooI tried the adidas equivalent first.. the hooded flock, and found this nike hoodie to be much better quality and the same price", "Good shoes my daughter really like them very stylish and comfortable shoes.  They should do more colors and larger size for women with larger feet.", "the best sneakers i have ever had, they are very comfy i must say. i would encourage all my mates to buy one of theses :-)", "Too large", "I am back for another pair of these shoes for my 8 year old.  I bought two pairs last year for my 2 boys and they were great.  They held up amazingly well---so my younger son is getting hand me down pair from his brother.  But they were so comfy, easy for the boys to put on, they go with everything, even look good for church in the summer, because they are black.  Very happy with this purchase!", "Okay, so Keens these are not, but these are an awesome little every day sandal for the beach.  My 5 year old has had a new pair of these each summer and they are highly adjustable, comfy and endure serious wear.  They are not tough, hiking-style sandals like Keens (which we also purchase each year), but they are so easy for him to get on and off and allow sand to flow through so easily that I would highly recommend to anyone.  Buying his next size for our upcoming vacation right now...", "order not avalible when it was supposed to be shipped upped it one size and now are huge for my 3 year old...", "We have loved these sandals for a few years now and finally found them online. Thank goodness! Our five-year-old can put them on and tighten them himself, which he loves, and they are super easy to clean as well.. which is good because they definitely pick up any &#34;perfume&#34; that might be emitted from the dirty feet of a boy who plays hard in the sun. (In other words, they get stinky quick, so it's a good thing they stand up to being washed regularly.) Hope they have these in a lot more sizes, because we'll be buying them until his feet stick out of both ends. :)", "I buy these sandals for my grandsons every year.  They look nice, wear well, and are easy to get off when they fall asleep in the car!  They last the whole season and are even washable.  Next year I will be buying 3 pairs! (another new grandson)", "I've bought these sandals for my 1 year old son (when he just started to walk). He loves them a lot. Comfortable and fit good. Yesterday bought the second pair for this summer.", "We bought these shoes for our son age 5 yrs old. He has a wide foot. This fit him perfectly in width as well as length. They are so compfortable for him. They withstand the wear and tear that boys do on a daily basis. I normally don't pay this much for a shoe but we have gotten these in the past and they are awesome shoes to have to go anywhere in. They are sooo worth it !!!", "Great brand, my son loves the style! I bought the same sandle 2 years ago and still likes the way they fit", "This shoe was just what I expected. Love the fit and the look of the shoe. Great price for the shoe!!", "My husband loves these shoes.  They are comfortable and supportive.  He says they feel like he is walking on air.  They are perfect.", "My son is happy with these Nike shoes. We have always bought Nike shoes, and these shoes arrived quickly and the price was fair.", "Love them! They are so cute, different and retro. True to size great fit any very comfy. They are completly out of the ordanary.", "I am absolutely in love with this shoes, so in love that I have them in 3 colors. It looks like Nike doesn't make them anymore....I don't know what I am going to do in the future!", "Absolute great fit. The color is a good looking red, not dull or bright. Nike does it again with a great shoe. Very comfortable & attractive. Excellent price also.", "Great price and love these sneakers!! I had been looking for Nike Air Max's for forever but they are so expensive. For $65 these were totally worth it and I have gotten so many compliments. I think if anyone wants a great sneaker they need to buy these. They are attractive and very comfortable. I have gotten so many compliments and people have walked up to me in stores and told me they love them and asked where I got them. They are a must buy!!", "Me encanto esta T-Shirt, me quedo super bien, el material es muy liviano muy apropiado para los que nos encantan los deportes y  siempre compro XS raz&oacute;n por la cual seleccione esta misma talla y fue muy adecuado. la recomiendo.", "Good quality cleats for the price I paid for this product. Will recommend buying if someone is on a budget.", "light as air and look great in person! i love them. I will be purchasing them in Red soon. very happy", "ALL I CAN SAY ABOUT THIS SHOES ARE AMAZING!!!!!Im a freshman and i just started running track this year. I run the 100m and the 200m.For my time trial for the 100m i use to run 13 seconds but now i run  about 12 just because of this shoes.IF U WANT THAT EXTRA SPEED, EXTRA GRIP ON THE GROUND AND A BETTER TIME GET THIS SHOES!!! ITS WHAT A REAL SPRINTER NEEDS!!!", "This shoe is light comfortable and looks better in person than online. Very unique. I was totally amazed at how it fitted perfect", "I love these shoes, I wear them everywhere.  They are comfortable and durable, my first pair lasted over 4 years, so I will definitely purchase these again.", "I bought these sandals because I'm a basketball player and after a game i like to use sandals to cool my feet of after a good game, I love Jordans and I love the pink in these Jordan Hydro i went with the kids size because they don't have them in the adults size, but they're just right in size, they feel really comfortable. I love them.", "Great gift, bought them for a gift for a friend, she couldn't find them anywhere else, makes her feet look great! Comes in handyfor beach and pools", "Look great, my son is very satisfied with these slides.  They arrived quickly and were exactly what he wanted.  Would purchase again... and since he's only 11, I'm sure I will.", "Got these for summer. Very comfortable. Goes with just about everything. I love Jordan sandals, I have almost every color.", "I wanted these sandals to wear out really quick when running an errand, or on days when I only have one class. At first, you have to get used to them, but other than that, they're adorable! I have small feet and in kids I usually wear a 4.5. I ordered a 5, and they fit perfectly!", "the information stated it was a mens 6 but ended up being a youth size not mens size ok otherwise", "I own over 20 pairs of Nikes and all of them are a size 12. I even own a few pairs that are very similar to the style of these shoes, such as the Pegasus 83's (I know it's eighty-something) and Air Vengeance. Those are also size 12 and they fit just fine. These Air Ventures feel almost a full size too large. Not only do these shoes run big, they don't look as cool as the pictures and I usually love all my Nike products. Not so much with this one.", "Mid sized wristwatch. Has everything you could need. Very accurate and very comfortable to wear. Lightweight and low profile. I have a large wrist and this watch band fits perfectly with four notches to go. The altimeter is extremely accurate as I had read before. The Oregon has many features including hourly chime and that's hard for me to find.the alarms and the countdown features are really nice to have.", "Best shoes ever. Wish they were easier to find. Worth every penny. Did Nike quit making these shoes? If yes, bad decision.", "This is a great item. Is so comfortable and light. They run a bit small so pick a size up.I just wish they were made in all black. Great product. My favorite of all my shoes.", "I love these shoes.  I run about 3-5 miles per day and also do cross-fit type workouts in these shoes.  They look sweet, they offer great support, and have held up very nicely.  The shoes are also very lightweight and super comfortable.  I will be buying more of these in the future.", "I\"ve had my Shox for over 6 months now and use them at the gym only. So far so good -no tears no rips no funky smell and no sore feet or legs. Very comfortable and durable & they better be for the price i paid!!! These are probably the best Nikes i\"ve owned great for running, strength training, and even Lifecycle because of it's flat sole bridge that flexes! If you got the extra cash i would definatly purchase a pair you will not regret it and you\"ll also have the best sneakers on the block!", "This is birthday present for my friend and he really like it. This shoes is made at pretty good quality and the outlet is fashion.I didn't try it but I feel the materials is good when I touched it.", "These are hands down my favorite sneakers ever! They are so light weight and breezy. Perfect for summer and walking! The soles are very flexible and since the uppers are made of soft fabric, they don't rub my feet. I've got a lot of compliments when I'm in them. They make my feet look narrow and go with skinny jeans or leggings perfectly. The white soles are not as easily stained as other sneakers such as Converse sneakers. I love them a lot!", "These Nike sneakers are stylish and comfortable (one of the most comfortable sneakers I own).  They come in various colors and are not big and clumsy on your feet.  Love Them!!!", "These are wonderful shoes.  My husband wore one pair out after 3 years.  He doesn't really want any other shoes forcomfort and endurance.", "Purchased these shoes right before our trip to Disney World, of course knowing that we would be doing a lot of walking.  Very comfortable shoes with good cushion.  Love Nike and love the Nike frees.  Great walking shoe!", "Very comfortable, like wearing a sturdy pair of socks or something. I own over 20 pair of Nikes and these are in the top 5 for comfort.  Hope this helped someone.", "I bought these for my husband who is in his late 20's. The shoe is a great clean & classy look. I am kind of skeptical of how clean they will stay but for now they look great. They have the Nike+ feature which is nice if you use it. He has had a lot of complements on them. However, he did say that they are not the most comfortable shoe he has ever had. He did not say they were \"uncomfortable\" though. He wears them a lot so they must be okay :)", "These are some very comfortable shoes, and I really like they way that they look. I'm usually careful about purchasing shoes online (size, fit, look, etc.) and typically purchase from stores where i can try them on. These shoes are true to size (i wear a 13). If there was a downside, i guess it would be my concern at how clean i can keep them. Other than that, i love them.", "They look so damn awesome. They fit pretty well too! I got them for just what they say, &#34;walking&#34;. Very comfortable, lots of support.I wear mine with no socks, no problems.", "I got hundreds of miles and 4 years out of my first pair of these shoes. When I bought them I doubted they would last long but they are the best shoes I've ever had. Though they are long since discontinued, Amazon had a pair left in my size. I'd take yet another if they can find them. Very happy with Amazon service.", "Most comfortable trainers I have ever owned. Light, flexible, cushioned, don't cut into your foot. Get them and you wont be sorry. Fit is true to size.", "THEY LOOK NICE BUT THEY BARELY HAVE CUSHION ON THE INSIDE, HURT THE TIP OF MY TOES.  I WORE THEM ONCE &THEY'RE JUST SIT'N IN MY CLOSET NOW.", "Just exactly what I wanted a cute pair of white shoes. Will look good with all my summer outfits :)", "I love these sneakers, always have. I have been wearing them for at least 5 years now, and am so glad that they are still offered on Amazon. I buy a new pair every 6 months or so, but that has always been the case with me regardless of the shoe; I still wear a pair from 3 years ago when doing yard work and they are just as comfortable as ever. Definitely recommended.", "My shoes came on time. The package was and looked untouched when it got here. very good job from the shipper. what els can i say......there nike's", "I have a wide foot  Size E is just what I needed I have wore this shoe for many years glad they still make it", "I bought these for my wife and they fit her 7 1/2 foot great.  She had a stroke 3 years ago and we found that these shoes were better for her than a woman's shoe.  We have probably bought 5 or 6 pair so far.  She loves them.", "I am very happy with this shoe and ordered a second pair, within about one month of my first purchase of this item.", "An excellent shoe for the price, not as comfortable as Pegasus, but very good for the gym or casual wear-I would recommend", "Great sneaker for the price. Good quality for the money !Good for just casual dress. Machine washable when they get dirty", "I've been wearing these for almost a couple years now and not a single problem.  The shoe laces and support are in great shape and none of the material is wearing out.", "I enjoyed. I've gone jogging wearing them. I have not felt tired on my feet. Very comfortable and good wreck", "the product was as advertised when it arrived. when purchasing online, without seeing the product and being able to try it on if it is a clothing item, you can never be sure it is what you wanted when deciding to purchase but this item was exactly as it appeared in the advertisment. The fact that you can see the item from different angles in the ad was helpful.", "my son loves this hooded top it is probably his favorite top to wear - can't get the hood off him.", "I bought this fleece for something to wear on the cooler days.  It is very comfy and soft, and the fit on me was excellent (Medium size)I have also recently used it while jogging and it serves this purpose well. It isn't overly restrictive and keeps me nice and warm. Fair pricing on the quality. All in all, im happy and it was a worthwhile buy.", "The fleece feels warm & looks great.  I am happy with my purchase that got here super, super fast!  I just don't know what everyone was talking about regarding a pocket for securing an mp3 player.  I've seen no pockets, but that's not a big deal.  It looks great on me.  I am 6'3\" 175lbs & the XL fits great.", "Great fabric, warm and comfortable. I plan to buy other sweaters from nike. Fits well, actually a medium. I would recommend this sweater.", "This is item was exactly what I wanted and it arrived a day before i thought it would be here", "This item was requested by my Grandson for Christmas and he certainly liked it because he wore home that night and I have seen it on him numerous times.", "I really like the look of the shoe once I had seen it, I read the description but  I find that it has a cheap look once i=on my feet, but I ended up keeping them.", "This is a good summer golf shoe.  Great fit and comfort.  Very light weight, easy to pack in golf bag.", "These shoes have great toe room.  The fun part is they have no tongues so you get a leopard tan on the top of your feet.  I have them in every color.  They are comfy and fun the wear.", "Love these summer lite golf shoes,,,,,,there like wearing nothing at all.  There so lite weight and comfortable.Perfect for hot summer days.", "My son is a very active 11 year old. This is our second pair of these shoes. Light weight, good for cross training and easy to take on and off. Highly reccomended.", "Even though I didn't need another pair of white golf shoes I couldn't resist and pair of Nikes for such a great price..  Always a good way to go with Nike.", "I just received these and they are nice golf shoes. They fit to size which is not always the case. They are also comfortable when I tried them on. Should be great after break in.", "Shoes are very comfortable and look great. The delivery was excellent also. I would definitely recommend the shoes to anyone looking for an affordable, stylish and comfortable shoe", "I don't usually buy shoes on-line, but I thought I'd try. These fit fine. I like 'em. And, they look good!", "These shoes are a great value with a nice fit, comfortable soft feel.  The spikes hold firmly and cleats are easy to clean off with a simple tab on the ground.", "Nike runs small but this fits great!!! Definitely worth the price. We go golfing every weekend now just remember to ask for extra spikes to be replaceable...", "Exactly as described.  Stylish and comfortable.  I would highly recommend.  I would tell you to stop procrastinating if you contemplating purchasing.", "I have been using this for the past year and these shoes feel great and look good too. i have had no issues with these and would buy them again if i had too but by the wear and tear looks like i wont have to since they are holding up great.", "Very comfortable and effective on the course.  The price was also surprisingly good given the quality of this shoe compared to others I have tried.", "I bought these shows for my father as a gift. First I had some doubts that would these even fit or not but was really relieved that they were of the perfect fit. They are really light in weight and have a really nice built quality.The underneath grip is strong and wont slip on wet surfaces.Overall a very good product and looking for some good years of golf ahead :)", "The shoes look great and fit well.  I did order an extra wider size since these shoes run a bit narrower than expected.  I ordered the wide size.", "My husband loves them and thanked me for finding them!!  Gold=f season is here so they will be put to good use!!", "Comfortable as tennis shoes. Hold up to rain and heat.  Would definitely purchase again. Can't believe a golf shoe is this comfortable.", "Very nice looking, comfy, great price.  But my husband had to borrow a shoe stretcher.  Hopefully since the are leather it will help. They get narrow right where your toes get wider.  Not the best manufactured shoe - but then again it was sold at an outlet store...", "I got these in a 12W and they feel great. Nice coloring and the quality looks great. Can't wait to try them on the golf course!", "The style and color of these golf shoes was a big hit right from the opening of the box. After trying them on and walking around the living room carpet our grandson was overcome with thanks and joy.", "Good product at an affordable price.  Only complaint is it has a few too many spikes on bottom and may need to remove a couple.  Other than that, good look, good fit.", "These shoes fit well and are both comfortable and stylish.  Easy to walk 18 holes in them.  I have a wide foot and the extra wide width was perfect for me.", "They were better as seen on the web. Fix very comfy but are too wide the first time I use them. Then the shoe fits my feet.I sure recommend it.", "I picked these out for m dad for Xmas and he lives them . They're great for the low price I was worried ordering them no knowing if they'd fit without my dad trying them on . But they fi great .", "This is a great buy. The shoes are made extremely well and the cost is surprisingly affordable. I would highly recommend these shoes.", "The golf shoes are very comfortable and light, besides that, the first time I used them I made a hole in one...", "Product arrived right on schedule, and fit perfect to size, Very comfortable. I will recomend these to a friend and buy more for myself", "These shoes are great right out of the box.  I generally have to break in my shoes before I can wear them on the course.  I put these on and walked 18 holes.  They were great.  I should have bought two pair.", "I like the looks of these shoes.  They are comfortable and always get compliments.  Need to wear with a thicker sock.", "What a wonderful find with these shoes! Comfortable fit for golf...very light and grip the ground without a problem. Delivery very fast. Have recommended for many of my golf buddies.", "A very comfortable lightweight shoe. I wore it it the rain and my feet stayed dry.Great value for money.", "Love them. Light weight and very comfortable. Waterproof for those damp fairways and greens in the early morning. This is my 2nd pair of Nike golf shoes. Ordered both from Amazon.", "Shoes are comfy, fit perfectly & they look good.  This is the first time I purchased shoes online & I was not disappointed.  I would definitely recommend these shoes to all women golfers.", "Nike makes great products and I especially like the comfort and water proofing for the \"Nike Women's Air Brassie Golf shoes\" I recently purchased. I have played over 80 rounds of golf this year and am glad to discover such a comfortable golf shoe. I would highly recommend these shoes.Thank you again Amazon.com for providing products by great companies!", "they fit good and feel good. I only got to use them once before golf season was over but they felt good teeing off and very comfortable", "These shoes are perfect golf shoes. They are really cute and I love the colors. I ordered my true size and they fit perfectly! They are extra comfortable and I have no complaints!", "These golf shoes are just perfect for warm weather.  Very lightweight.  Love the color and style.  The fit is quite comfortable.", "The Shoe is very comfortable and offers alot of cushioning and is relatively light weight.Its is also a very attractive shoe.", "Love these shoes when I recieved them through delivery. Starting to wear these shoes out already! LOL! Thanks as always!", "These are the best socks I have ever purchased in my life. They are strong in construction and soft. The price is great", "What can you say about socks. So far so good,  They seem like good quality. My son will only wear Nike socks and he likes them.", "I ordered these socks a while ago and was so impressed with them. I wear them nearly every day and they still show no signs of wear. They are so durable and last forever! They are great for working out or just wearing with tennis shoes. I would definitely recommend these!", "These socks shrank a lot after washing. My son has a size 13 foot. The ones we purchased were for 13-15. Fit good when first worn, but shrank severely after washing. Not sure why. Hope they are not knock offs.", "I love Nike as a company, and in fact have almost 20 pairs of Nike socks, but they always stretch out after just a few months.  I love the look, but won't be buying online again as I didn't know what to expect.  All in all, these aren't worth the price you spend, but hey if you want them for the Nike logo, then go ahead.", "Great Socks for the money!  Very Comfortable and durable!  In Black you can wear them with most anything.  AND.....Yes, I plan to definately re-order more!", "These are very affordable and wearable socks. They seem to keep their shape and don't sag even after repeated washings. I will buy these again", "Good comftoorble socks. They lasted a long year of football and baseball then finally got worn out i will purchase more one day", "As expected the fit and feel of these socks is great.  Bought these for my son.  He runs track and cross country and seems to go through socks and shoes like a banshee.  I think the Nike quality is clear in this product.", "I Bought these for my son for football and they were perfect. Fast shipment, and he was happy with them. They worked out fine", "When the i team can it was very fast shipping but its 3 pairs at the mall i bought some that were 6 pair of nike socks for 18!", "I love the way it forms with my Feet i like that it is warm and Flexible and that it is Nike and i can were these with any of my shoes so they are really great.", "Terrific quality product that keeps your feet warm, dry and comfortable in bike shoes. Multi-texture weave is effective and holds up to repeated wearing and washing.", "It is hard to find socks that fit and these are perfect for my husband. Thank you.?If you go out to stores they do not carry the medium sizes. My husband was complaining that his socks were to big and hurt.. Guess now he will be happy.", "I'm really glad I finally decided to go online for socks instead of at local stores. Having socks that are actually the right size for my feet have been amazing.", "The dress standards today for young men vary a lot, these socks fit the bill, great for day to day wear as well as gym class and beyond, the cushion is great and they maintain their look after many washes. I recommend thes to anyone.", "Socks are perfect fit and quality.  I will buy this product again in the future for myself and my family", "I bought these socks for my grandson and he loves them.  They're so soft that he even sleeps in them.  Thanks for the great service.  They arrived in no time and the quality of the socks is terrific.  Thank you.", "I LOVE THESE SOCKS BECAUSE I HAVE BIG FEET I HAVE TO ORDER XL. I WISH I COULD FIND XXL SOMEWHERE", "Great socks for my 11 year old son. He is a size 8. I wear 13.5 and these socks are junk. Not as advertised!", "We ordered these socks to wear underneath volleyball ankle guards. M daughter thought that they were comfortable, affordable, and worked just fine.", "They truly do wick moisture away from your feet. Excellent fit. Thick, durable and comfortable. Great product.  Great golfing socks.", "Very comfortable and a great fit.  Can wear them easily with shoes or sneakers.  They will replace some of the same that I have worn out....", "Good sox. Not the very best I've had, but GOOD. Can happily recommend them as acceptable merchandise at a reasonable price.", "The socks are very soft and comfortable to wear. They fit me just fine. I also like the style of the socks. They are a great pair of socks.", "These were cheap enough and ones that I could wear while playing basketball. They fit great and worked great! Definitely will buy more.", "I am a size 8 and a half and these socks fit me perfectly. I would not recommend these to someone in the size 10-12 range, as they would probably be too small.", "Good quality socks -- the fit was right on.  They arrived on the exact date that was indicated on the day that I placed the order.  Pleased with them.", "My husband loved them.  They were a good price and fit as expected.", "My son loved them. They were also cheaper online then in stores. They are very comfy he says. The fit was just right.", "Finally got some that match my Nike's. Now I need some to match my retro 4 Jordan's. Very comfortable and fit great!", "Socks aren't goodI expected betterMight as well send another free packWhile your at itCause I wasn't satisfied", "Good socks, they are kind of tight and go down when your walking thoughGot the socks free using [...]", ".... ..... ... .... ...... .... ... very good quality .... ... ...... ..... .... ..... ......... ... .... ......... .... ...", "THESE SHOES WERE SO EXCEPTIONAL FOR THE PERSON THEY WERE BOUGHT FOR THAT HE SPENT EVERY DAY ADMIRING THEM BEFORE THEY WERE WORN.", "Look nice but is huge....Feel like a size 10, so be careful when you order and don't forget he run large", "Air Jordan V.5 Grown Low - my son loves them.  Fit to size.  They are nice because they can be work with jeans or khakis/cargos and he has comfortable shoes and yet looks a bit more dressy.  Pretend dress shoes :)", "Sized right and very comfortable. Great gym shorts, would not run with them as they are a little long (just above knees)", "Great pair of golf shoes very comfortable. I have had the best fit and wear with Nikethan other golf shoes.  The price was right on the brown shoes other colors were much more expensive.They provide a solid foundation. Glad I found this deal.", "light and comfortable, perfect for just lounging around and for quick trips to the store or places wherein you're too lazy to look for a shoe!", "I travel a lot and with all the security checks I solely wear these.  They are extremely comfortable for walking around even on long distances.  I loved these so much that this order was my second set.", "Nice Mens Thongs, fit perfect and very confortable", "I love these flip flops. These are the only ones I ever had that I could wear all day, on pavement, concrete, sand or grass they feel great. Well worth the price.", "It so great! I never felt so comfortable in flip flops. Usually I'm the type of person who doesn't wear flip flops but these have change my opinion", "Very, very comfortable.True to size.  I ordered them for a gift and he liked them so much I ordered some for myself in women's sizes.", "I ordered these sandals for my husband.The delivery was fast(I think 3 days). The fit was perfect and he loves them.Would definitely recommend them to family and friends.", "I usually wear 10.5 shoes so I ordered 11's, but they were quite tight.  A friend has a pair of 12's that fit perfect, so recommend purchasing on the large size.  Otherwise, one of the most comfortable pair of sandals I've ever owned.", "These flops are the best.  Totally comfortable, last a long time, and handle moisture well", "My husband wore these in Disney World for a very long amount of time.  They are sturdy and well made.  They are very light as well. WELL WORTH the money!", "Shoes look very elegant & like the color & fabric. The shoes are not comfortable in first use but it gets softer afterwards. I recommend", "I really liked this model. It would have been my 3rd pair of this style. Very Comftable and i will be on a look out on this model.", "I have had them before so knew what to expect, but they are perfect!! Brand new and super comfortable to wear.", "this is a designed product fit my needs for my sport activity. it showed up exactly as the web described.", "The bad is very durable and lightweight at the same time. The handle is great, very soft.Has a lot of room inside I put all my cloths (when I get off work I go to the gym so my suit fits perfectly, that&#8217;s a great plus). It has a hard bottom so it holds everything nice and secureI love the side pockets. One for the shoes! So they don&#8217;t stink. The other one if you shower at the gym for liquids or put some food so it stays fresh.I like the pocket for Easy access items; I put my wallet, keys there.Hold all your gym gear! Be prepare to work hard!", "I love these shoes ive own them for awhile now they're in good condition these shoes are worth buying although I bought these for 80 bucks dont knoe if u really wanna spend up to 120 for these I knoe I wont.", "I bought these NIke for mens  , a size 8 1/5 for womens and I usually wear a womens 9 , and they fit perfect as Nike SHOX tend to run a bit small any ways.......I have been wearing Nike SHOX for many years now , as I work long hours on my feet as an Auditor  , and they are perfect to support your back and legs all day , no pain at all with Nike SHOX they are worth the money for sure !!!!", "My husband wears size 15 wide shoes and these size XL socks fit him well, not hard to get on at all, they have nice cushioning on the soles. They stay soft after many washes too.", "The men and youngsters in my life who received a pair of these socks in their Christmas stockings were wearing them during the holidays for around the house and seemed to enjoy them.", "Fast shipment esp around the holidays. Socks fit as they should and price was awesome, socks are socks but I will buy them here!", "These socks are perfect for physical activity.  I run, play basketball and workout in them.  Your feet will be completely dry but the sock will be soaked.  I'll be buying more if I can find them on sale.", "My boys really enjoyed getting these for christmas in their stockings, they go thru alot of socks but these are holding up well!!", "Pretty well pleased overall. Were nice this summer.Barely cover feet, but okay. I would order theseagain if need be.", "Good Pair of Men's Socks - bought for my husband.  He liked the fit and feel.  I would suggest these to others.", "These are some good socks!  I love the extra padding on the bottom. They are great for working out or wearing casually.  They're a nice height and the sizing is good.  They're all around really nice.", "These don't seem to be authentic.Not the best quality, but they are okay. I would not buy these again.", "socks are socks, but these fit good and wash out very well.  I am completely satisfied with this purchase and would purchase again when necessary.", "Wasn't happy with the packaging. I bought these for my son as a Christmas gift and when I received them, they were not packaged in plastic or had any type of tag that would show they were new. They were just loose and looked like they were thrown in the box as if I'd picked them out of someone's dresser drawer.", "I love these socks for bike riding and traveling.  The are especially useful when going through airport security.  They were available in XL for my big feet.", "they make me feel like a king due to the very good construction and how they look when I don't have my shoes on...", "Good socks. Have held up well and padding helps keep feet from getting too sore.  Will purchase them again when these wear out.", "I wear a size 15 and have flat feet - to start.  I blew out my ankle in high school and have NO ARCH in one foot.  My ailments aside, these socks fit GREAT and seem to actually provide some support which, if you've got big feet, you need all the support you can get.These aren't cheap, but I would consider them a value for going to the gym, golfing, anything where you don't want to look like a clown cause your socks are so damn big.", "Prompt delivery, decent packaging and product is as advertized.I have tried more expensive running socks and wasn't expecting much from this one when I ordered it but it turned out that this is my best running socks - stable/perfect fit (I wear size9 shoes, ordered Large socks), very comfortable, does not overheat so yes, moisture management at work. Not a Nike fan but for this one, have to say 'good job!'.", "These fit nice nice and snug like I like them.  They have a band around the middle that hug your feet and unlike other Nike socks I have had they hold there shape", "I bought these socks from the seller-- Happy Feet-- and they sent me the pairs wadded up in a grey plastic bag, it almost looked like they were knock-offs... and i still don't know if they are or not. There was no Nike packing around them. I can't rate the socks because i don't even know if they are real or not.", "Perfect fit and feel great all day. Just played softball in them last night 90+ degrees and it was a doubleheader and I never even noticed them feeling wet, washed them today and they still look brand new. Will probably order another 3 pack.", "Purchased for my son, he loves them!Comfortable, fit perfectly, and keep moistureaway! Arrived on time, and just as described!Thanks!", "nike socks are my favorite and these are awesome, have had them for about 6 months now and they are still comfortable they are soft and kinda padded more than a regular sock and just gives you the feel that you like, great product!", "Great looking and very durable. Somewhat narrow fit but once one they are very comfortable and go with anything. they were a gift from my wife", "I am very happy with these shoes also bought my son a pair in Black.  Shoes are exactly as I expected.", "THIS IS MY BEST SHOES I HAVE NEEVER WORE! EVERY BODY IS TELLING ME THAT I WEAR A NICE SHOES! GIRLS, GUYS AND KIDS! IT HAS FITTED ME AS I EXPECTED...!THANKS JORDAN SHOES MAKERS..!JOE", "Is a nice shoes; shoes are very comfortable and lightweight, I like that the bottom is harder and better protecting air Burbules", "they look cool with jeans ans khaki pants. Very comfortable. Few models are available with black Nike logo Nike.Run true size.", "These shoes are great, i will always buy this brand and type of shoe here on out.  The hyperdunk series keeps my foot secure with great ankle support and they are lightweight. Not to mention the design is slick and simple.  Highly recommended to anyone looking for a great pair of basketball shoes!", "For some reason, it took awhile to receive but upon receiving them i am quite satisfied. I would order again.", "I purchased these as a gift for my husband, so I cannot elaborate on all their intricacies. However, he was looking for a light-weight, wrap-around type pair of sunglasses. Another important feature he was looking for is a nose piece that will not leave painful impressions on the bridge of his nose. He seems happy with these shades in all these categories.", "Comfortable sunglasses. Broke my first pair playing football, and missed them so much I bought another pair! Highly recommend these.", "The nike mute sunglasses was great and next time I would order more the next time I need more, thank you", "Great product. I'm very happy with these sunglasses they don't slip, their comfortable and clear. They are perfect for running and outdoor exercising.", "The sunglasses are very light and comfortable to wear. The large lenses keep the glare out of the eyes. They don't flop around when running.", "These fit my face perfectly but they fog up on my long runs and I've noticed that sweat seems to collect and then dribble down at the bottom. I have high cheek bones and these stay in place when I smile which is great (but maybe that's what's causing the fogging issue?).", "These are stylish, fit my face well, and, for running, stay in place.  I am very happy with these sunglasses.", "It is fit rigth the color was the same, all the protection for avoid scratch in the glasses it is very fine", "These glasses have a great fit. They stay in place while running without any chafing or irritation. The large lenses and wide view don't interfere with my view. They are lightweight and I often forget I am wearing them.", "IT IS light weightstylishI love the red logo on the side of the armthe price is right", "good value and comfortable. this is the second pair i have owned. the nose peice is key.and here is three more words.", "I run and I cycle for both sport and fitness to lose weight.  I like these glasses for both.  But I think they work better for cycling.  They give pretty good coverage for cycling.  I just got around to using them recently, and they are my go-to pair now. They look great while doing sports, and ok when just hanging around.  For the price, highly recommended!", "These were a very nice shade of blue, as true to picture as is usually available online.  So far they stay put and are very comfortable, function comparable to Oakley, at about half the price.", "These are really nice and included a black hard Nike case and wiping cloth which was an awesome surprise. A great value.", "I bought these for my boyfriend for Christmas and he LOVES them! He described them as &#34;walking/running on clouds&#34;. He couldnt have asked for a better running shoe.", "Ok, is a little tide.Loved it, liked it a lot. Loved it, liked it a lot.Loved it, liked it a lot.Loved it, liked it a lot.", "I bought these shoes more for the look, but they have became my favorite shoe! Not only are these shoes the most comfortable to work out in, people are constantly stopping me and asking where I got them. You can't go wrong with these shoes", "These shoes are very nice. I would say they run a bit small on the size. They hold up under use.", "Great product.Original brand with all the nike qualities.Beautiful and Confortable. Strong material, resistant however very soft item.Really impressive pair of shoes.Recomended.", "excellent service sneaker doctor is on top of it some of the best service on the net box was perfect shoes new and A plus service actully talked to someone from sneakerdoctor and they handled the order with top notice kindness great spot for shoes", "Great looking pair of Nikes that fit perfect. They don't breath as well as other running shoes I own. However, they are supportive, comfortable, flexible and look great on.  I ended up wearing them more for casual shoes than for running or working out in since they lack breathing but I wouldn't complain about them because they have turned out be one of my favorite pair of shoes.", "Got them quickly and are brand new. Would buy another pair. THese shoes are nice. they are clean. they are new. enough damn words now?", "I have several pairs of this sneaker & I love them! They are a nice, snug fit & they arrived sooner than expected. I highly recommend this sneaker if you are looking for a stylish pair of kicks that go with anything.", "As i wish, the new nike shox fits great as the old ones that i have in my closet. If you want to buy your first, buy it two sizes up so you can keep a comfort size in your feet. If you fit 6 size, buy it on 7. Works great fit well. Extremely confortable for casual and long range walks", "Fits great and good product very well made product shoe fits team what I thought it would be very comfortable I do a lot of walking and standing and it really helps", "These shoes were delivered on time and in excellent condition.  They fit a little more snug than my other Nike shoes - If given the chance I would order a half size larger.  They were very rigid at first but loosened up after about a week and are now very comfortable.", "It took 3 days of wearing them for a couple hours to stretch out the leather but now they are perfect", "I love these sneakers,  I now have 3 pairs and they all fit great.  I highly recommend this product. Fits like a glove and very comfortable.", "These Nike shoes are great for walking.  The four point heel is very stable, and gives you a bit of extra support as the years take away your balance.  The heel is high, for support, but I have to use a shoe horn to make sure I don't roll over the heel putting them on.", "This is his third pair of Air Force 1's.  He loves this style and is enjoying some of the new colors.", "I love these Nikes because you can use them for extreme casual use, or to dress up a bit. Perfect for me.", "I have arthritic feet and it is hard to find shoes that both fit well and have the right mix of support and cushioning. These are great for me!", "I'm a tall girl with a long torso and this fits great - even stayed in place during hot yoga and wicked away the sweat.", "Feels so comfortable to wear! Just the pair I need for my tired feet. Wonderfully made for jogging and walking and running.", "I love, love, love this shoe!  Its lightweight, fits my narrow foot perfectly! Some Nike shoes are way too wide in the toe box, but this one is perfect!  Also another thing, I usually wear a 7.5 but took a 7 in this one...so take that into consideration. If feels fabulous in the house and on pavement. Im not a shoe lover and normally kick them off asap, but have found myself leaving these on.I have to thank the salesclerk for suggesting this one. I wouldnt have even looked at it because of the price, but its sooooooooooo worth it!", "The shoe is excellent in terms of comfort when running except that you must be careful as it does not grip on wet floors", "I own virtually every Jordan you can find and this one stands out.  Real clean and it goes well with everything.", "Ordered the white/wolf grey-black Jordan CMFT MAX AIR 12s, very impressed with the product as it matched the description perfectly. Product arrived fast and I am completely satisfied.", "Awesome shoes! I use them to teach a dance class in and they are perfect for them.  The detail design is different than any other Nike I have seen. The only thing I wish they had was a better arch support in them.", "ITS been over six months and this canvas is pumping strong i have no regrets it washes and the fade is like a differing appearance that makes it look more unique.", "I purchased this for my son and he loved it. Well made and looks cool. The quality is truly exceptional", "I was very pleased with this book bag. Very sturdy and nice. My son absolutley loves it and not to mention it came very quickly!!Thanks Amazon. I will be ordering again!!", "The backpack itself is really nice. I like the overall look on it and it's decent sized. The one thing that I absolutely do not like is the zipper broke after my first use of the backpack!! If you are going to get this just dont add a lot of items to it or the zipper will break.", "I love my bag, I want one in red if it's available.The price was affordable and looks just like the picture!!!", "Was a Christmas present and my son loved it. I will be ordering another in the near future. Very pleased.", "&#34;I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS BACKPACK&#34; - The comfort, size, and style of it, speaks for itself.  A must have for any fan of &#34;Jordan&#34; apparel.", "This item is exactly the way i expected it in terms of color, quality and fit. I am so happy with my purchase and love seeing my kid in it every single time", "This is a really cute outfit, true to size and good quality.  Colors are as shown.  I would recommend it.", "Loved it! Got it way faster than expected.  Great quality.  Very bright.  My son doesn't want to take it off!", "My son love this hat. I bought it for a trip to Disney and arrived on time. It is very comfortable and looks great.", "My son loves this hat, I own adult size nike hats just like this one and the quality is pretty much the same. The color is spot on.", "I bought this for my 3 year old who started playing tennis this summer. They have to wear white on the courts and this hat was perfect. His head didn't get overheated and it washes well.", "I bought this cap for my 3 years old. He runs a lot, he is very active so he needed a cap that could be soft and that could keep his head as cool as possible. It is the best, it is easy to wash, gets dry quickly, love it!", "This cap's Dri Fit fabric is great - light and my son doesn't mind wearing it.  For my son (almost 3 and average sized), I would like the cap to be taller from top of ear to top of head.  Though the circumference is fine, it's a bit short and therefore doesn't stay on as well as it could.", "The hat is not authentic it is missing the dri fit liner inside the hat and it is pretty think and flimsy. The shipping was fast and the price was good I just hoped the product would have been better.", "Love the way it fit my 2 year old. He is in the 75th percentile by head circumference and he has room to grow in this hat but it is not so big right now that it looks silly. It is very light weight and easy to clean (even if it is white).", "My son wanted this because his Pop Pop had one.  What a deal.  I paid $9.99 for it and it is worth it.  Very light and breathable.  It will be fantastic to wear in the summer month.Shipper send very fast and packed very well.", "Title of item says \"Mens\" shoe but these are womens. I ordered using men 6.5 and received women's size 6. Very cute shoe but now I have to return them and there are no more in stock.", "Purple shoes are a must...no matter who you are - these throwback Nike Cortez's fit the bill to \"a T\". Not the most support in the world...but you should know that going in. Look awesome under jeans.", "Hi all, I live in Ecuador and really noticed that this bag is very good qualityI really chose this rating because it is a backpack that has enough space and several pockets to store anything. I highly recommend this product for athletes, and college football players", "Purchased this backpack for my 14 yr old son, and he's happy with it. It's small enough not to be so bulky, and large enough for all his books. He digs it so I am good!", "Nice and comfortable shoes. The shoes are stylish and well designed, my son loves to wear them every chance he gets. I would recommend them to anyone.", "My son loves these shoes; he's on a competitive soccer team and they've been holding up just great--He is age 10.  Look good and fit well.", "Great shirt, love the comfortable fit and the easy care material, just wash,dry & go. Fits true to size for my son, who is tall. I ordered a large for him, good length in sleeves, he is 6'4&#34;, so might run long for someone who is shorter.", "I bought this as a Christmas present and he was very happy with the quality of the shirt.  I was very pleased with how quickly it was shipped.", "You experimenting with the boot and was very magnificenceIts shape is very beautiful and harmonicShoe is light and there with the shoe bagThank you for your service", "Nice Packaging, great gift for the man in your life! Nice thin tri-fold wallet, great price for a high end brand!", "After searching for a long time, I stumbled accross this wallet on Amazon. I figured I would take a chance on a wallet that I have not held or even seen. After recieving it, I was very impressed with my purchase along with the seller as well.I do not like large wallets and this one fits the bill of being \"slim\" when it comes to the profile. The ID window was the one option that sold me compared to most of the other wallets on the site in this style. It has enough room for a couple of credit cards, a couple of business cards, and a picture in the window. I would recomend this wallet for those who want a wallet/clip that walks the fine line between a money clip and a slim line wallet.", "It is a perfect wallet/money clip. Just big enough to carry the necessities. Fits easily into any pocket, front, back or any inside jacket pocket.", "Wish Nike would re-introduce this run of shoes. Good support and fit, although they're not the most comfortable shoe there is, it's perfect style for canvas.", "I bought the black one when I was in China almost three years a go. It was so good that I bought this item for my sister as well. It's laptop space is good and  well protected.", "Great sneaker  : quality construction, great looks, good support,good ventilation,just a great all round sneaker that I use only at the gym.However there's one problem I can't seem to get used to: NO tongue!!", "I bought Nike Shox about 2 years ago. They tend to be okay for walking, but for running its a whole new story. The soles tend to wear off on one side after a while. Once they a worn out, the soles make it hard to lift weights because it does not grasp on to the floor much (it has more of a sliding effect). I would recommend these shoes if you are a light exerciser.", "I have worn Nike's in the past. Love them and I wanted to get a good pair of walking shoes for myself. As a birthday gift I received an Amazon gift certificate for 50.00 from my niece and I decided on getting a good pair of Nike walkers.  These shoes are great.  It feels litterally like you are walking on air.  Good construction and the company that I ordered from was timely, quick and the shoes arrived in excellent time.  I have no fault with the company.  I do however, have a problem.  The shoes I ordered were a size 7 m width.  Apparently, Nike shoes run narrow and I cannot wear them as they are too narrow for me to walk in. When I did my intial performance review of the company that I ordered them from I put in a two star rating for them.  The supplier was not the issue.  Please order with confidence with this company.  I spoke thereafter, with a company representative, John who was willing to issue me an RMA to return the shoes but alas they have been worn to work etc..as I have tried to get the shoes to break in to no avail.  I could not return them, but the company went above and beyond to offer me a discount on a pair in a wide width..that is an example customer service above and beyond.  I made the mistake when I ordered the shoes by not doing enough research on how Nike constructs their shoes..so, if you wear a medium width normally, go for the wide with when purchasing Nikes. The company Shoes On The Way is a great company.  John...thanks again and I removed the negative feedback..sorry.  This was my mistake.", "These shoes are really awesome!  I did not buy them for running, but I love the simplistic look of the white and silver.  I wear them all day to work and they are really comfortable.", "I just got them and i already love them. They were just what i was looking for and they got to me fast.", "Purchased this pair of Nike for walking.  They are great for walking, but i would not wear for running.  Great fit.", "I received my order but it ended up that the cleats were to small and I had to return them. The customer service was great and returned them no problems. I think backstreet shoes should maybe say that the cleats run a bit small otherwise great seller.:)", "I love my Nike's, the shipping, and everything went great. 3 months later, still my favorite shoe ever. If you are color blind, these are the best!", "Good solid shoe for nursing school and firm. Not toooooo comfortable, but I wasn't expecting a super squishy shoe. :)", "Perfect size, color, and fit. Just what I'm looking for - a light weight and durable walking shoe. Thanks Nike!", "she loves them soft leather easy to clean  price not expensive comfortable to wear true to size smooth walking fits well", "this is a great shoe , comfortable , well built , sturdy, absolutely recommend this she to anyone. Perfect gift", "Thanks. I love it , good attention. I love this shoes and it arrives on time. Thanks so much. Neyda", "I am very satisfied with the service and product. This is my first time using AMAZON and it was the best experience ever. Made my Christmas shopping a breeze.", "My son tends to like the Nike brand of shoes best.  This year they were advised to start using metal cleats.  I found these on line in a size 6.5.  He is a size 6 but found these to fit fine.  He still needs to get totally used to the metal cleats but says they are good.  He has no complaints.", "I needed cleats for my son in August when our travel ball season gets underway and NOBODY HAD THEM!  I tried all the competitors stores and NOTHING.  Even though FL is a year round baseball state nobody could accomodate what we needed.  I had my son try on &#34;Nike football cleats&#34; (since that was the only thing available) to get a good size margin of what he needed.  These fit PERFECTLY and were much cheaper than anything left in the stores locally.LOVE AMAMZON PRIME!  And...with 2 day shipping I had them before our 1st tournament!Size was accurate...exactly what we needed...holding up perfectly!  My kid plays A LOT OF BASEBALL!", "Being a high school baseball player, I loved my cleats from last year and did not want to change. Found these and orderd them and they were exactly what I wanted.", "I order it two months ago as a present for Hannukah, my husband just loved it, he told me they are comfortable and fashionable, you can change the color of the nike logo many times as you wish.The price is good and they have great qualityViolet Medinillah", "Everything alright with my purchase.  Responsible seller.  The Nike Cortez is a classic, what else could I say?  And this colorway is just perfect for me.", "I always use Nike Shox for my sports activities because they are so comfortable.This pair I purchased for my long trips, the color is perfect to go with jeansand I can walk aiports back and foth.  Besides, they are more narrow and elongatedthan regular tennis shoes, they look nice.", "One sentence is enough to describe everything about these Nike track and field shoes:I love absolutely everything about these Nike cleats!", "I'm currently deployed in Iraq and I needed sandels to lounge in and of course regular flip flips just wernt going to do while I'm out here so I bought these sandels and they are comfortable! Well worth the money.", "its too bad nike discontinued these pants. unlike its successor, these pants aren't baggy, and so fit and perform better when running. they stay warm and are great to wear under snowboarding pants. i got myself a second pair. so happy i did.", "I wore these shoes while playing football and loved them! Great for gripping the turf, and nice for turns and curves!", "Perfect for running or hiking. Looks are awesome too. The sole is sturdy and I haven't noticed any wear even after a year of regular use.", "Despite my valiant attempts to get the Black/Volt color with a Groupon that I bought, I had to settle for the Black/Purple Air Max 2011s, which have purple shading under the flywire material, the sole itself and the air pockets. Nevertheless, the 2011 design is freaking sweet -- which is what attracted me to these shoes in the first place.I'm a somewhat active runner who runs on treadmills or ellipticals about twice a week and an outdoor street run once a week. My old Air Maxs were from 2004 and were falling apart at the seams, so I decided to give in and get a new pair of top-of-the-line running shoes, since I only get a pair every few years. At first I was going to go with the Asics Gel Kayanos, which get top ratings on running sites, but like I said before, the design on the Air Max 2011s were just too awesome to pass up.Fit: HALF SIZE UP! These are a very snug fit, even at a half size bigger than normal. It's not uncomfortably snug, but more of a supportive snug. Me likey. The shoe doesn't slip off at the heel at all, which is something that not only bugs me, but causes blistering at the heel. It's snug, supportive comfort even when I do sprints.Cushioning: w.0.0.t! Even when I'm walking my dog, I definitely feel a nice soft cushion that absorbs impact. I ran concrete roads and up the Santa Monica stairs with these, and I LOVED the spongy feel of the shoes on the hard terrain. The padding is literally from heel to toe and you feel it no matter where you distribute your weight with your gait. The FitSole liner seems to be adjusting to my footprint as well, but the shoes are too new so far to provide an exact description.Ventilation: Noice! The mesh-material is flywire, and when you hold the shoes up to the light, light filters through the material. The shoe provides good ventilation during a run and still feels sturdy. Another cool thing is that they don't seem to crease easily and dig into your feet from the top.Weight: Light. Really light!Conclusion: Happy customer here! Loving my purchase, even though the shoe is pretty damn pricey. The shoes are light, supportive, well-ventilated and quite possibly the sweetest-looking running shoes I've seen in a while. I even feel more awesomer just walking around in them -- they probably even add maybe a quarter-inch in height because of the huge air pockets. Pretty awesome bonus = )", "This t-shirt is really nice, it looks and fits perfect, the logo is exactly as described in the photo but the tshirt cuality is better than it appears, i had bought a LOT of t shirts for jogging or for training from adidas to mizuno and it is the best for its price. I am very glad with these purchase and with the seller", "Purchased for my 10 yr old nephew for Xmas and he was thrilled to death. It fit him exactly right and for what it is I guess it's great. Got an A++ from a 10 yr old little boy so there you go!", "When the shoes came they seemed very light and I was concerend about durability with my son wearing them six days a week for practices or matches from October to late-February.  They held up great and my son really liked wearing them. We will probably buy another pair when they go on sale again.", "Great shorts, either in the gym or just lounging.", "Wonderful price and quick shipping! I was very pleased with this product. Purchased it for my husband and he finds them very comfortable.", "Very nice, confortable shoes, good price. Liked the color,feel good for walking or running, arrived on time. I will buy again from you.", "Didn't clearly list man or woman shoe, thought I was ordering a woman's shoe, so when a man's shoe came, sizing was incorrect and had to return. No where on receipt/bill or listing could I easily see it. My fault, for assuming it was  a woman's shoe.", "Very satisfied with purchase! Great service, speed, && quality product! Shoes look && feel great. Looking forward to future purchases!", "I like this kind of shoes. They came on time when I needed them. I recommend this kind for anyone.", "I got these shoes for my daily use/running. they fit perfectly and are very good for running. I've been running regularly using these and I feel they are very comfortable.", "it is really good. I mean, it has good quality, and nice color. I wear it when I work out in the Recreation center. I feels really comfortable when I use it.", "I don't received the productWrite me he was waiting for the transitIt's written more than a 3 weekI want my money back", "Bought These Shoes For Work and They are Real Comfortable and Can Wear them All the Time! They Look Nice and Would Recommend them To Anyone Wanting to Buy Them.", "This were a Christmas gift for my granddaughter,  she is a bit of a tomboy.  She has worn them every day since Christmas and seems to like them very much.  She said they are comfortable and that she likes the colors", "We ordered these sneakers for my husband for the gym, and they are great.  They arrived quickly, and in perfect condition.  They are true to size, and the neon green adds some flash to the sneaker.  They fit great, and are extremely comfortable to work out in.  There is some extra cushioning on the base, which is great when running outside or on the treadmill.  The price was great- comparable to what I pay at the Nike outlet.  They are a great purchase.", "This is a very nice shoe. Looks great fits perfect its not too small and is just wide enough especially in size 15.", "My son loves these shoes and still has them in good shape after a year of wearing them.  They are smart looking and stay clean a lot longer than white sneakers.", "This Nike Dart men's running shoe is one of the best fitting shoe I have ever purchased.  It gives me great support and comfort while doing my daily exercise", "I like cheap and the best products from you. I am looking forward to seeing you soonThanks a lot.", "This is the first time I have ever ordered from the internetCyber Monday looked interesting , Ordered the nike shoeson Monday and they were delivered to me on Wed. I amtotally impressed with AMAZON Shoes were for mygrandson. He was on cloud nine. Just what he wanted.Fit perfect. And I am so happy with the good price.", "These shoes are amazing!! The most i have spent on running shoes but they are worth it!!!! I say everyone get this shoe they are very comfortable and light!", "I wear a size 14 and they fit just right length-wise, but seemed to run just a tad wide. However, that just fine. Would rather have that issue than a shoe that ran too narrow. Have no complaints and shoes were complimented. However, like most Nike items, they are more aimed at being fashionable. A serious runner would probably want something with a tad more support. Otherwise, great product!", "iT'S too hard.....for one who is looking for less resistance it's a good option. For me who has knee problems I do not recomend.", "This shoes are very confortable and fits perfectly. I use this shoes almost everyday and they just feel so good... Nike never disappoint me.", "The shoes are great. They are so good on the jeans, when my colleague saw them he asked me if I can order for him to. And I did.", "Shoe has performed beyond expectations. They are light, so I work and run in these shoes. No problems! Highly recommended!", "excellent product and was just what I needed. easy to find this product, however the shoe was not the size I needed. this has no reflection on the company of this product", "I purchased these for my son.  He just turned 11 and his a size 7.5 in men sneakers.  I thought they might be too big but they fit perfectly.  Thank you for the fast delivery.", "Thank you for this. My Father liked it very much, considering the colors, model, everything, really good I appreciate it", "The moment the shoe arrive I just fit my foot into it real quick and all I say is WOW!!!!.........This is one of the most fitted shoe I have ever purchase in this country. I am even thinking right now to order another one with different color for regular day to day about. It is a shoe to test. I recommend this running shoe....", "I really love this shoe if fit perfect and feels great on the feet, the price was great and shipping was fast.", "I can run, walk or whatever i want and these shoes don't hurt me. I love the materials and the color!!.", "I am a US Marine and the entire time I have been in the service I have used these shoes (with the exception of basic training).  This is my 4th pair of the shoes.  I replace them about every 6 months, but I also use them more than most people", "This has been the only Nike running shoe my son has worn...the Nike Dart 10 has no heel support whatsoever....I wish we could order more f the Dart 9's but they don't make them anymore", "MY bf is a computer geek but I'm sure that now that he has these shoes for exercising, he'll...JUST DO IT.", "shoes came on time and were a good price. they look nice and fit well. there are no problems and i recommend to anyone wanting good running shoes.", "I simply needed some nice comfortable running shoes.I've only gone on a few runs with these, but so far I haven't had any problems.These shoes are durable, good looking, and comfortable.Strongly recommend them!5 stars here!", "My son lik it and I'm happy with that. I'll order again when I see another pair in the future", "Shoe was exactly what I was looking for. Would recommend this shoe to anyone.Very pleased with both the shoe and ther retailer.", "This shoe fits me perfectly.  In brands other than Nike I often have to use a modified orthotic but not in this shoe.  Pefect fit and feel with just the right support.", "The perfect choice for a runner.The shoes are very confortable, strong , and so smooth to use.I Love the colors and the design of the product.", "great, comfortable shoes, good color combo and lots of admires.  Have been purchasing NIKE for a couple of years now and will stick with NIKE for now on.", "Something tight but excellent product, the shoe fits a little tight but not crush the feet. There are very good.", "Considering the price, I really think they are really good!! Of course there are better shoes for running or the gym but they are way more expensive", "they are everything I wanted in shoes for running. I will buy more if these wear out. The came when they said they would", "I wear mostly size 11 shoes so going up a 1/2 size worked perfect so you might want to do the same.  I'm not a runner by any means but I walk my dogs 1-2 miles per day and these are very comfortable and I think they look nice enough to casually wear with jeans, shorts, etc.  I'd recommend these and would like to buy another pair.", "Nice sneakers for the money, lightweight and true to size. Received these in new condition, going to use in the gym.", "for the price, this is a fine product for avg. use as a cross training shoe.  it fits well and is true to size, gives good support, is light and holds up to avg. use.  i recommend it as an entry level or mid-level cross trainer.", "Nice cheap shoe that actually looks nice.  Fit good, totally worth the price.  Would recommend for anyone looking for a cheap pair of tennis shoes.", "Really nice pair of shoes.  These are really light!!! The price was really hard to beat also.  I'm happy I bought these!", "The show is comfortable and it fits good.  I like the way it feel when I walk.  I like the color.", "I had Nike running shoes for years till it was falling apart at the bottom but I still couldn't throw them out because they were so comfortable and light.", "Shoes were just as expected with no surprises.  Fit well and are very comfortable from the start.  Good cushioning.  I think they are good looking and go well with jeans or shorts.", "Great athletic shoe at a great price. Love the colors. Prompt shipping. Size seems to run a tad small...had to send back my first pair and order a size larger.  Wish it also came in a wide width. I use the shoes for walking. They are very light and very comfortable.", "Shoe was exactly what I was looking for.  Would recommend this shoe to anyone.Very pleased with both the shoe and ther retailer.", "Its an eccellent brand, it fits me perfect, and its very confortable to walk with, and so will buy again", "The sole softens any impact you may suffer while running, jumping, or just walking. Perfectly recomended for anyone who wants to train Boxing.", "This shoe is very light and comfortable.  Great fit  with a perfect arch, (not too high)  Really nice looking too. First nike i have liked in a while. Great price too", "this nike is beautiful only taht in the picture is a few diferent like real, but in fcat this shoe is nice, is confortable and very good for me", "I have this for like two weeks now and they are great. Lightweight and cool. My socks are no longer wet after an hour of jogging and running from my old Nike speed shoes.", "These lack comfort and feel cheap, which they are. As a shoe worn strictly to compliment your outfit they are fine. If you want comfortable Nikes u have to spend about $100", "Needed running shoes on a budget, bought these and have been really happy. I'm sure there are better shoes but for my needs (24-30 miles a week) they are perfect.", "Very nice comfortable sneakers at a good price.  I wish I would have went with a wider pair, but they didn't have my size I wanted in many colors", "I liked them, but my mother loved them and talked me into giving her my shoes. They were her birthday present from me.", "Fit perfectly, which I expect from Nike.  Excellent arch support, I can run for an hour and my feet don't hurt after my workout.  Good brand, excellent quality.", "These shoes fit so well, I walked around Disneyland two days and never had an issue. Very very comfortable shoes.", "shoes are nice and comfortable. it's got good cushioning and support. the only problem is that they were too tight. my feet are size 10s and naturally that's what i ordered but the size 10s for dart 9 felt really tight up front, especially for the big toe. i tried to break them in but to no avail. after a couple of days my feet actually hurt pretty badly. so i did some internet research and found out that it's best to order half a size larger than what size your feet are for running shoes and it seems to be true. i ordered a pair of adidas running shoes, half a size larger, and they seem to fit perfectly. these shoes are great otherwise.", "i like dis shoes.i want trai diferents shoesis good for runing for going on the mountain and for my work", "Perfectly good running shoes. Compared to other shoes they are supportive (for ppl with flat feet). I use them for work where I stand for about 6-7 hours at the time and they feel great.", "A colleague asked me to help him with the purchase to give to her husband's shoes. she is happy because it met all expectations.", "Very comfortable! Classic look, we bought these for my nephew and he loved them. These shoes can go with anything, and they are made well.", "Great running shoe! My husband even does trail running in them. Very comfortable. Supports high arches. No complaints. Would recommend to friends", "I bought these for my husband for christmas.  He loves them said they are very comfortable.  He is 6'5 and we can't always find his size.  Thank you", "I really love these shoes because I love this brand, color and style.  It is really great for running and walking outside.  It really feels comfortable.  I was thinking get these type of sneakers at Payless Shoe Source, but then I saw these shoes on Amazon.com and decided it was a better deal.  If you need any shoes for running and walking, these are the shoes you need.  I would recommend these shoes to anyone who needs it. I really needed these sneakers because I didn't have any for exercising.", "i have no complains about it. im really happy with the product. the delivery was on time, the product quality is great. the package was the right size.i recomend 100% this product.", "My son was very happy receiving these shoes for Christmas.  They fit great and were exactly what he had asked for.", "very comfortable and light, beautiful colors and fitts incredidble for your leg and ankle.waiting to do a maraton in them.", "I have been looking for some running shoes for quite a while now, i seen these on amazon i love em!!!!! And when i recieved them i loved them even more. Thank you Amazon!!!!!!!!", "They are pretty sharp looking, never had all black shoes but they are comfortable and fit great. Nice value for the price.", "i bought these for my son who is flat footed, they are comfortable and he loved them. they came in a timely manner and it was true to what was discribed.", "I bought these to wear to work at my factory job, which involves walking on concrete floors for 12 hrs a night, 4-6 nights a week.Right out of the box they fit well and you can feel the springiness in the sole when you walk on a solid surface.After 2 months they are still comfortable and have &#34;molded&#34; to fit my feet better which makes them even more comfortable. Size is right on and they dry very quickly when wet.", "I received the running shoes as promised and notice how light they were, its a great shoe so far only difference is i wear a size 13 and its a little snug but as my running continues i,m sure they will stretch out a little and will be fine thanks.", "Arrived on time, exactly as described. Already tried them on for walking and running and I am very satisfied with them.", "I got these shoe couple days before a run and did not break them in and ran a better time then last years run and my knees did not act up.  I would recommend to some", "My son loves these so much that this is his SECOND pair, identical to the first ones!! Great shoe. Lasted a 12 yr old a year & that's good for him!!!", "You can never go wrong with Nikes! I initially bought these to wear to the gym, but after the first time wearing them, they are incredibly comfortable. So, I started to wear them for my job as well where I am on my feet for several hours at a time. They not only fit perfectly and comfortable, but they look great too! I absolutely love them and will definitely be looking to purchase another pair or another pair like this soon. Also, i am a female who prefer men shoes because in my opinion, men tennis shoes are more stylish than women shoes.", "Amazon was great in helping put together a great package for my grandson, who in 6th grade is very specific with what is on his feet... He loves these Nike's the color combination got me Grandma Kudo's", "this sneaker has proven to be a winner in our family, it provides good comfort and cushioning and is stylish. price is excellent.", "Good shoes for the price . Fits perfect and it's great for running and walking . I can't complain .", "I'm still running them, and they are stylish enough to put on with regular clothes. They are very good shoes.", "He really likes them. The look is great as well as the comfort. We would by this product again!! Great Buy for the price!!", "Really love Nike all of the products! The shoes are very comfortable and the dark color looks cleaner and look great too!", "My husband loves and enjoys wearing the Nike Dart 9 Men's Running tennis shoes.  He said that they are comfortable and lightweight.", "fit good and looks nice will order again some time soon. will recommend to people as it is very nice", ".......Very nice looking shoes.... in fact same color as my nike+ watch.If you are a serious runner, this is not your choice.  I tried this new pair in the pavement, and are way tooo hard for the feet.All the impact goes to your knee.  After 10Km you can start feeling pain in your knees.This is my second time buying running shoes from amazon.  Definetly amazon is not the best choice, you better go to a mall or outlet and try the sneaker before to buy.My wife is right in this (with i hates), she says... is for your feet.... you have to try it, and not to save money.This sneakers dont have the socket for the nike+ipod sensor (i use duck tape to fix it to the sneaker)Regards,William Ojeda", "excellent shoes, happy my purchase. Carries out other purchase insurance. My nike are comfortableand just the model and color I wanted.", "Super comfortable, good design, I get time, I loved it. I recommend it. Good combination of colors.it it it i", "I purchased these shoes for use in senior league play (55 yrs old). The support of the mid style is very helpful with weak ankles and the lightweight also is great. They shine like a new dime on the field and I'm happy. But, the price is what got me to buy in the first place - 29.95!! Thanks for the deal, Amazon.", "I bought my first pair at a local store for $150 plus tax.  Now almost 1 year later I found them here online and paid just under $100 no shipping and no tax.  Great support, great design, and best of all great colors.  I like the design and colors better than the vomero+ 7 model, so I bought 3 pairs!", "This is the softest and best supporting shoes I own for long distance walking.  With heavy walking, they wear out in less than 1 year, but that's okay.  I would buy another...this is my 2nd pair in 1.5 years!", "I wear these shoes for 8 hours a day at work, walking all the time.  The cushioning is great for my 190 lbs, the air flow keeps my feet cool, and the soles give good traction and support.  I bought 2 pair of these shoes so that I can give them a chance to air out and last longer.", "For my weigh (155 lbs.)t, Zoom Vomeros are the most comfortable running shoe that I have found.I buy a pair every year, prior to when I run my yearly marathon, to break them in in time for the marathon.Then I use them for normal running for the summer and fall.", "I likey. So comfortable. Please Mr. Nike don't stop making them. Can't find Vomeros in stores. By far the most comfortable shoe I have ever worn.", "excellent shoeexcellent cushioningamong the best shoes I have ever wornneed I say more ? need I say", "These shoes work great for my running style. I would say i fall into a light runner going 2-3 miles with a frequency of 4 days a week. I have a severe underpronation which has led to a fairly constant battle with my IT bands. I have put about 20 miles on them since they arrived.The fit was on the dot for my normal shoe size, they hug the contours of my feet and are very comfortable when laced and tied. The heels are cushioned and pretty springy, they maintain their comfort through the entire run. The rest of the sole is largely uncushioned but has good support. The weight of the shoe is to the point of being noticeable, but not over bearing.Overall im happy with the shoes, as long as they are durable enough to last me a while, I will continue to buy this line of shoes.", "I use it mostly on paved roads and there is plenty of cushion and has held up well.  The shoe is fairly light.", "Very nicely made.  and comfortable.  really dont have twelve more words to say about it, you know ..... its a shoe", "I bought these to replace my old Nike Vomeros (5?). The last fits my feet perfectly and they provide the cushion that my 57 year old bones need.", "The Men's NIKE ZOOM VOMERO RUNNING SHOES are very comfortable running shoe. I have and will recommend to all I know.", "Really like the comfort aspects of this shoe & the support is generally good for either walking or running.  Cute shoe--not too flashy.", "I ORDERED THESE FOR MY DAUGHTER IN ENGLAND.  SHE LOVES THEM AND THEY CERTAINLY ENHANCE HER RUNNING.  SHE WAS DELIGHTED TO RECEIVE THESE RUNNING SNEAKERS.  THEY ALSO CAME JUST IN TIME TO BRING THEM TO ENGLAND.", "Delivery of the Nike Lunaglide+2's were very quick. The product appeared in great condition - brand new/never worn. Transaction was very easy, and completed with nil hassels. Thank you very much for a quality product, and a great price.", "Love the look of these sneaks but not as comfortable as I had hoped for.  Fits true to size but kind of snug width wise.Love the style and color though.", "I got them in quick. I wear them for training.They are good shoes. I love nike they are the only shoe brand i will buy.", "excellent product excellent, very good shoes I love and attention was immediate, as received in good condition 100% recommended you purchase another opportunity lo maximo nike shoes ufff", "The sneakers arrived on time, undamaged and clean. These sneakers fit well and the break in period was short. The are durable and look nice as well.", "a shoe that fits my needs, I can use all the time and I find it very comfortable and versatile", "Arrived in 3 day which was great. Great packaging, the shoes looked better than the picture my husband loved them!", "The shoes is perfect for a game of basketball or early morning jog. The appearance of this shoe is nice and has a comfortable feel, for the price.", "Zapato ideal para el uso diario, no necesariamente es de uso exclusivo de jugar baloncesto. El modelo es muy ajustado al pies.", "I purchased these shoes for my son because he was long over due for a new pair, they looked good and the price was good. I also thought that the design of the shoe would serve their purpose for my son to break a couple of ankles. Hoop it up baby boi.", "very good fit still had a little room to play in the toe area, good deal will surely buy again", "I love the shoe. The fit was perfect and provided the comfort I was looking for. I am at ease knowing that without having tried  the shoe on I got what I expected and beyond. Perhaps I will order shoes again.", "These shoes run small; I had to get 1 full size larger for them to fit correctly with a regular tube sock. Light, good looking, can't comment on their longevity yet. I am using them for bicycle riding; I have found them to be comfortable for my purpose.", "The shoes shine really well, of good material. The size fits perfectly to the standards as what I had no problems with them. For its relation I boast / quality recommend it extensively", "My sons feet were growing so fast that we couldn't get more than 6 months out of his shoes.  We have had to buy him new baseball shoes every year he played ball, so when I found these shoes I thought they would surely last the season.  Even though these cleats were inexpensive, they have held up as well as any we have purchased before at a much higher price.  He was able to get the size (14)and color he wanted and they felt as comfortable as any of his other shoes.  Yes, he wants new cleats for this season (so they look nice as he gives them no care at all), but I wouldn't hesitate to buy him another pair and we probably will.  I think he will keep his old ones for backup.", "I have the AROD shox as well and I love both pairs. Great price for a great pair of cleats!!", "If you are a man with a size 14 foot and you have a very narrow foot, these will fit you perfectly! If you have a normal width foot or a wide foot, you will not be able to even put your foot in it.  The shoe looked very nice in the box, but not so great when you try to put your foot in.  I bought these assuming they were a regular width but they were nowhere near normal in the width area.  Be careful if you buy these shoes!", "I liked the sneakers very much they are just as expected if you wear these kind of sneakers you know what i mean", "Great shoe it fits amazing I play soccer every night it's amazing how it fits it feels like ur wearing noting for the price its amazing.", "Everything appears great good service boots were an excellent dealPostage to Australia always seems to go a bit over the estimated time but overall very happy.", "I got this pair for the spring season, as a lot of leagues i'm in. This pair feel so good on your feet, very light. For me I have more ways of controlling the ball, it's just easy. Our style of play is passing the ball over, and sometimes I get a very hard and fast pass, with these shoes I can control the ball in very comfy way, the shoes that I had wasn't as easy as this. I play wing, so I do a lot of sprints. This shoes is just amazing for that perpous. I highly recommend this.", "the product is very good, I have no problem with it.Already been used and is as expected.very nice", "Love this cleats!", "My grandson was very pleased with this bag. He uses it to carry his wrestling clothes in and as an overnight bag.", "Let me say that these shoes are really comfortable and it's may favorite shoe for walking around, or working out in the gym (but not on treadmill).  They are easy to put on also and I wear them a lot.But I do enjoy running and these are not the shoes I use for that purpose.  The reason being I feel a very slight sensation that the ground shifts when running, it maybe because of the slits in the sole that gives it the flexibility, plus being a bit high off the ground.  Now I like to land on my forefoot when I run, so someone who lands on his heels may not have any issue with these shoes.One additional thing I think most Nike shoes have is the ability to insert a tracking chip.  On the left shoe there is a small plastic inside compartment for that.  This also makes a slight cracking sound when you walk around.  You don't feel it at all, but you can hear it if you're walking in a very quite place, so you won't be able to sneak up on anyone.", "I have had my Nikes for about a year now and wear them on a daily basis. I would have to say that these shoes are the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn in my life. They are very breathable and light weight too. I especially love how there isn't a tounge in the shoe that slides to the side throughout the day; they are more like a slipper that you can tie. Surprisingly they have held up quite well this past year so they are pretty sturdy, remember, I wear these every day. Pretty much you won't go wrongWhen purchasing these shoes and once this pair dies I will definitely be getting a second pair.", "I purchased these shoes over two years ago and hands down have been one of the BEST pairs of shoes I've ever owned. The reason why I say this, is well because I've taken these shoes on countless runs, hikes, walks, played baseball, basketball, football, fished in them and not only do they clean up well but they are as comfy as the first day I got them.Anyone who plays basketball outdoors will tell you, the shoes you play in will most likely be ruined by the time your done. Well with two seasons that have gone by these things are still holding up.If basketball didn't ruin them, I for sure thought fishing would. I bank fish from time to time and when I do, I walk through a lot of mud and sometimes go in the water. Impressively enough these shoes have been in (literately in the water) 5 different lakes and are still in tact.Once again hands down one of the best shoes I've purchased in my life.", "I knew I wanted these shoes, but unfortunately, I have a hard time finding good shoes because I wear a size 14. Shoes that big aren't easy to find in good shoes.  I went to a shoe store and found these shoes and really wanted them, but they only went up to size 13.  Same thing with Nike's website.  I had almost given up hope, but I found them here in size 14 for the same great price.  The shoes feel great and were shipped quickly.", "I have had my Nike Free Run+2 running shoes for about 2 months now, and I love them.  Prior to my Nike Free Run+2 running shoes, I only wore Nike Shox for running.  I believe the Free Run+2 is the superior running shoe.  They have a barefoot feel to them with the added benefits of the support a running shoe gives you.  I am not an avid runner, but I wear my Free Run+2 shoes not only for workouts, but also as for everyday shoe.  I would highly recommend these shoes, I rarely take mine off.", "These are of the most comfortable shoes I have worn.  I am NOT a basketball player but as everyday athletic shoes these rock.", "These are comfortable shoes. I wear them to walk my dog every morning and they feel good. I have been wearing the Overplay series for years and am very happy with them. I like a higher top shoe so I don't twist an ankle if I misstep.", "I purchased these shoes for my daughter because they looked good and the price was good.  I also thought that the design of the shoe would serve their purpose for my daughter to ball out of control on the court.  Hoop it up sista gurl.", "I have had my new shoes a couple weeks.  They are great and I would buy again.. Got them quick and they were perfect.", "I bought these shoes for son. He has wide feet and it's hard to find nice name brand shoes in wide. These were great for him. They fit perfect, comfy, and they are great looking.", "Love this shoe, bought a pair for my son after. Almost one year and still going strong.  Right size for my big feet.", "This was bought for the hubby who was pleased with both the style and fit. Delivery was prompt....and the price was great.", "Nice looking running shoe,, comfortable to walk in, but not for running. I would recommend this shoe for individuals who want to walk. Didn't like it too much for running.", "Excellent fitted shoes and well ventilated. I purchased these and was very satisfied. The order was correct with no issues the show were in excellent condition.", "These shoes are the most comfortable shoes ever.  They are so light and airy.  Bought them for work shoes and they are amazing.  My feet feel great after a long day at work.  And so far, they seem to be holding up to the huge amount of walking I do.  Great purchase.", "I have to wear wide shoes. These shoes fit very comfortably and are great for walking. Shoes also look pretty sharp. They were a buy.", "The products are very good, total qualityThe products are very good, total qualityThe products are very good, total quality", "Great shoes comforable fit and light.  I am deployed overseas and needed a good pair becasue the military PX over here charges Nike price for garbage shoes. Glad Amazon is always there .", "I have a hard time finding wide size sneakers.  This is the only shoe that seems to fit me.  I walk 10 miles a day.  These shoes are good for about 150 miles.  :-)", "We went and measured my sons foot and found him to be in a 4E size. I thought it wouldn't be that hard to find a nice shoe in that size.....boy was i wrong!!! Ive looked everywhere for his size shoe that was &#34;his style &#34;. I did find a bunch of new balance shoes but he kept shooting them down. Then I came across these....and he LOVED them! Normally with Nike we go up a half size because they tend to run a little tight, but these are true to size. My son says these are the best fitting and comfy shoes he has had. Plus they got here a day BEFORE they were expected to get sent out! Great buy and great price! Will buy again!!!", "I will be buying these shoes every six months. I love them. They fit perfectly. I wear them everyday. LOVE", "Good, comfortable shoe like all Nikes that I have had.  I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because I had to immediately buy laces for it.  I didn't even use the top holes and I still could just barely tie them.  It only cost me a couple bucks but you'd think that's something they would get right.", "Great shoe. true to width. Very happy. Nike wide in a current style is getting harder and harder to find.", "PERFECT,EXCELLENT. ARRIVED IN THE STIPULATED TIME. Exact description. AND EVERYTHING IN ORDER. I would HIGHLY RECOMMEND 100000000% BUY IN THIS SHOP.", "i bought this for a friend who has a damaged spine, ankle problems and a leg brace. After one month wearing them he has felt significantly better his ankles hurt less due to better support, his back also felt much better. He has been wearing them for months now, every day and there is no sign of wear and tear.I would recommend to anyone!", "Clunky at best, more of a ortho shoe for old people, would not buy again . Nike can't get it right for people with wider feet.", "I bought these for my daughter in laws father for a Christmas present. He loves them says they fit great and feel good on his feet.", "A lot of confort, perfect size, they could look a little nicer but, for the price, its a gret buy.", "For a shoe to work out in and to just be active in, the DART is the one.  I couldnt be more satisfied", "Bought these for myself in January, and they take a beating. I'm a big guy who puts a lot of pressure on shoes, and these are some of the most comfortable I've ever owned. Nice arches too, which is a big plus from me. Will definitely purchase a second pair.", "they fit beautifully and are as described. a great product. I am very happy with Nike,these shoes will last a long time", "These fit great and look great.  Had found them in the store and loved them so much that when I wore out the first pair I had to find them to get a 2nd.  A bit of venting on the sides of the shoes helps keep your feet cool.  Great padding and not super narrow for those of us with a bit wider foot.", "comfortable , affordable, perfect for running/walking. you won't find better shoes at this price, i know because i've tried. Nice !", "A decent pair of shoes are hard to find and these are so comfortable, they are perfect.  Thinking of getting another pair.", "I got these shoes for my sons birthday and he really liked them. He's a runner and said these shoes are the perfect running shoes.", "Light and comfy! Good price and as usual, good quality. I would buy a second pair just to have one more in my closet.", "It is a NIKE what more can i say, these people engineer their products to do what they want; to give high quality performance.", "I was very happy when I got these shoes. They were exactly the comfort and support level I needed. Thanks.", "best fitting shoe by Nike for wide feet...if only they still made this style then I wouldn't have to look at going to another brand", "size was smaller, I do not served, however good care of you, do not place claim to be of Venezuela", "Fits very well with my foot. Very comfortable and weightless. The color is great. A little lighter shade of purple.", "i had a pair of these i bought like 5 years ago in tan.  have looked everywhere since for another pair. i was unable to find for years. found these on amazon. ordered them within seconds and am sooo happy. they are even better in black. this field boot is the best. lightweight, durable and too cute! they are also incredibly comfortable. almost feel like a great pair of sneakers on your feet", "These are more of a cross training pair. Not that they wouldnt work for basketball. They could literally be used for any indoor/outdoor activity. Wear and tear is good on them thus far.", "Nice sandals,arrived at my Australian address promptly,and are comfortable to wear,I would recommend them after having worn them for a while.", "Just like my old Nike sandals.  I couldn't find these sandals in stores anymore.  I am glad to have \"my\" comfortable style again.", "I love Nike ACG sandals.  But the design of most of them has me breaking the attachment for the rear strap.  My last pair I broke, reattached with carefully drilled holes and zip ties (and hidden so you couldn't see them), and still they eventually broke again.This pair, after a full summer of use, are still working out well and haven't broke.  They work well wet (only thing I wear at the boat ramp, where you need good traction as well).  I'm very happy with these sandals.", "Great looking & even better comfoft , good value as well , will not be the only pair or jeters i buy , new classic , instant", "I've had several pair of vomeros.  They're the most comfortable running shoe I've ever worn and won't buy anything else until that changes.  Highly recommend these shoes for anyone who is looking for a comfortable running shoe.", "good shoes for wider feet.  half the price of the running store.  i would buy them again.  They arrived quickly too", "True to size...comfortable, soft like running on a cloud...makes you truely enjoy or want to go for runs! Light weight, breathable and fits like a glove!", "This shoes are everything I expect from Nike. I've been wearing Nike for the last eight years and I find them extremely comfortable for every ocassion: you can't even tell you're wearing them!!", "This item was a good purchase, but just make sure you order it 1/2 size bigger than usual bc it seems as though the sizes run small.  I recieved my item w/no problems & they fit perfect.", "I bought these for my boyfriend because he said he'd run with me if I bought him the shoes of his choice. So far he really loves them. He says they're great and super comfy.", "I ordered these Nike Shox running shoes on a Tuesday night and they were at my doorstep by Thursday evening....earlier than I thought and I was really happy because I was leaving town in a couple days so I wanted to take the shoes with me. Nike makes great shoes and these are no different. Comfortable and great for an avid runner.", "They fit well and appear to be well made.In today's selling market you definitely get what you pay for interms of quality and looks.", "I'M VERY SATISFIED WITH PRODUCT QUALITY AND ESPECIALLY THE PRICE I hope you have more of this model in other colors .. THANKS", "I am so glad that I made the choice to order these sneakers.  They are fantastic and worth every penny", "Nice surprise shirt was made w dri fit material.  Purchased as a gift and recipient loves the shirt.  Nice quality material.", "These are what I wanted as they are cool, durable, good looking, and have pockets.  I have an inseam of 36/38 and they go to my mid knee...they are long.", "These shorts are great for hot summers, they're breathable but not sheer, no need for anything underneath other than underwear. And they still have the durable feel. Highly recommend this product.", "My husband likes his shorts on the longer side and these fit him just as he likes, good material too", "Great pair of shorts.  I had a pair of black Jordan shorts before and I thought these ones would be the same pair, but they are not, the design is a little different which I like, and the have a nice loose fit like I like.  They are a good pair of basketball shorts.", "I'm 5 foot 6, and these medium sized shorts fall below my knee. I know thats how they are designed to fit, but I don't like that look. Simple fix I found was just to roll the waistband over once, then knot the drawstring and good to go. Shorts fall right at the knee and are the perfect width. The drawstrings are capped with a silver jordan cap and are a touch thinner than I would like but these shorts are high quality and I expect them to get a good 5-6 years of use like my last pair.", "i purchsaed these to workout in a desert setting, i dont play ball as much as i used to. These are great shorts for cardio and HIIT. Perfect lenght, breathable, and light wieght the waist band is nice and snug so they dont slip if you have your phone or ipod in the pocket.", "Love these!  My son is very tall and these were actually long enought for him. Thank goodness.  Great quality as well!", "These people would have you believe and pay for authentic merchandise when it is clearly not. Just feeling the material of the product you can tell it is inferior materials than those used by the original brand. Never trusting this seller.", "very nice i love it i get  alot of compliments on it all the time and red is my favorite color!", "My husband is 6'1&#34; weighs 207, these shorts fit so awesome. No saggy crotch. He wears them to work out all the time, I bought several different colors.", "Nice look and colors. Breathe very well, and are perfect for sports. Can't go wrong with the Jordan line, they use good materials.", "I bought these for my son, who has very long legs (36 inseam)....he doesn't like the shorts that go above the knee, because he thinks they make his legs look funny.  These shorts fall below the knee and make my son happy.  If he's happy, then I'm happy!!", "The quality is excellent. The size of the actual. Weight 220 lbs Height 5'10&#34; subscribed size largeEmotions of the purchase have only positive", "This is the best running shoe I've ever had!  Really wish Nike would keep making this exact shoe.  No problems and my feet feel great in these.", "this shoe is my most favorite to wear where im currently located easy on the legs an feet i declare don't second guess buying these it's a must buy", "When I went out for my first run I was convinced that I had ordered a shoe that was too big. After wearing size 11 Nike running shoes for 15yrs this was the first pair to not fit. By my third run the shoes had moulded to fit my foot better and I no longer had issues with my foot sliding around in the shoe. I bought the Lunarelite's  to replace a pair of Zoom elite 4's that have been amazing. The Lunarelites seem lighter and equaly supportive but not as comfortable as the shoes they replaced.", "This is the best I got from all the purchased items. I found it as expected which is not the case with the other items.", "They fit like a glove!  The 10 year old soccer player loves them.  She wants to wear them everywhere.  The color matches her uniform and she loved the coloring.", "Excelenet shoes! The shoes are very resistant and look very nice, is a great option to buy!!! super confortable!! i recomend it, even in this color, taht looks amazing!", "I was looking for a blazer and saw this one, its a nice obsidian (I say blue mostly), nice shoe to my collection, its somthin different", "Love my Jay's had to get these at the time, the cheapest online right now! But i am sure the prices will rise soon", "I work as a PA (Doctors Assistant) and I'm always on my feet for hours sometimes without breaks. They look very nice with my scrubs. Doctors and other co-workers compliment them all the time. Very comfortable!!  They come in different colors. Love them!!", "Purchased as a gift for my bike riding father. It looked great online. I have not seen him wear it. I guess it was okay.", "I have not bought nike products in over 6 years. After seeing these in JCPenny, i went home and ordered them a week later. They look great, they're light weight, and they're comfortable, not to mention affordable. Best part is that ive never run into anyone else in these. I wish they carried the same exact shoe in different colors", "good quality shoes, colors are just like the photo, materials are great, and they are very very light for a tennis", "the shoes look great and hold up well so far.  Ive only had them for a month but I'm a fan.I have wide feet, so the shoes were a bit uncomfortabole for the first week, but once they loosened up a bit they were very comfortable.", "I love this shirt. I've had it for several months now.  The words are not fading.  I get attentions from fellow runners.  It is comfortable to wear.", "The shoes fit to my feet and do a good job keeping me comfortable while I'm jogging or working on the elliptical.", "The picture is perfect, product is comfortable, gives a good grip on the skate board and I expect it to be durable enough.", "Shoes were perfect.  Nice-looking, good fit, good price.  Beats store prices with a stick.  Will buy again for sure.  OK", "ok", "These shoes are comfortable and lightweight love them great purchase. If your looking for a goid running shoe or just a good run around everydsy shoe will work good for both.", "I bought these shoes back in March to transition to minimalist shoes, and after 500 miles, they are still doing great. They were there through a mile PR, 5k PR, 10k PR, and my first marathon. After some breaking in, they worked great on the road and even on the trails. At times, the fit was a little weird, mostly because I have a narrow heel. But again, after breaking them in, they were fine. Although these are minimalist shoes, I wouldn't recommend wearing them without socks, though. Also, they aren't THE MOST minimalist shoes you can find. They don't have TOO much cushioning but they still have a fair amount.", "I like these shoes. I'm a fan of all of the Free Runs. Got this pair for work and I'm on my feet for 12 hours in the day as a nurse, so having something comfortable and lightweight is a must. My foot arch is not too prominent - not completely flatfooted, but almost there. And these are great. I don't like them AS MUCH as the Free Run 3's, but these were approximately $10 cheaper so i'm not complaining. The newer Free Runs fit my arch a little better.", "These are like wearing slippers.... get thin low cut socks and they look great!  I use them for exercising, hiking, and everyday wear and so pleased!", "Running, training, and day to day wear, these are by far the most versatile shoes I've purchased. My boyfriend introduced me to a pair for Christmas and it was the best gift for my feet. Ive been training for a marathon and I'm confident these shoes will make it through the entire course. They're lightweight, flexible, and have amazing breatheability which is why I have fallen in love. Hurry quick because words out that Nike is discontinuing the 2.0 and moving forward with the 3s and frankly this style is my personal preference.", "this is my favorite tennis shoe of all time...extra light weight and so comfortable.  the tongue is part of the shoe so it never slides down and is never out of place...absolutely love this shoe...", "i don't use these to run, but i keep them clean to wear them to work and outside of work. i love them. i don't wear socks with them, and my feet feel amazing using them. i definitely recommend spending the extra bucks in buying them.", "These shoes are exactly what they promised to be: cute, comfy, and fun!  I wear them for running, crosstraining, even tennis!", "I love these sneakers , they are so light weight and not gawdy , i have them in a few colors", "The shoes arrived on time, brand new and just like the picture on line. My daughter runs track and absolutely loves them. No blisters, light as a feather. I would highly recommend them.", "When will a size eight in these nike free runs be available? They have been out of my size for a while now and I was planning on purchasing them soon.", "This is an incredibly comfortable shoe. Fits and feels like a glove. True to size. I use these for everyday and light running.", "I'm very happy with my purchase.  The shoes are everything promised (if not better).  Also, the price was great and the shipment early...you can't best that!", "As everybody know Nike shoes are the best I ever used, and those ones couldnt be the exception. They were a gift but my wife is so happy with them, she said they're really soft.", "I was looking for a lighter sock but with some cushioning for gym workouts&#8230;this appears to be a very nice sock, but it has no cushioning, though it says it does.so if you want a nice cotton sock sort of like Belega running socks but cotton, then fine.but no cushion...", "These socks are ok but they are kind of tight for me. My shoe size is 11 or 11.5, I've tried other socks since this purchase and I've found better ones.", "This socks are just what you expect, nothing too special when it comes to performance or feel. There is a snugness in the center of the sock, but you won't notice it. But overall, the look is great and Nike is a safe bet of comfort and athletic", "Great quality! We fight to wear them ! They have great cushion and are worth the price you will pay !", "Great sneaks for the price. a bit tight, but fit pretty well.  I am usually a size 10, but probably could've gotten a 10.5.  I don't wear these for running so no biggie... quick ship too...", "I received this yesterday, and it's so comfortable! The color is not as bright a blue as pictured here but it is a very pretty color. I would recommend this jacket to anybody. And it is true to size.", "excellent product, the sizes are just right, not too big nor too small, good finish and something hot  the color is vivid", "The item was perfect and exactly what my son was looking for.  Thanks!  It was great and arrived in the nick of time despite my late order!!", "it's a really nice sweater! it fits as i expected and you can use it for any day or occasion, sport or not! recommended, good quality, is Nike after all.", "Fits perfect and works for running the color is perfect and the material is warm for cold days. I recommend it.", "I wanted a basic hoodie that I could wear anytime. This does the trick. Simple design and comfortable. Good deal!", "warm, comfortable fit, looks good, delivered promptly, may purchase another in different color and size for younger son, good quality product", "Who doesn't love a nice crisp clean looking top. My husband loves his jacket, fits true to size and nice quality! Great buy, thanks!", "Really nice and fits great...my husband wishes there was other colors because he wants more of them but in different colors.", "I bought these running shoes for everyday use. At first sight they are beautiful and retro styled. They remind me of Nike's running shoes from the 80s. After I ordered them they arrived quite quickly. When I tried them on, they were good fitting and were true to size. They are quite comfortable and they are expertly built but then again they are Nike's, what do you expect? I still have these shoes today and they are still as comfortable as the day I got them. If you are looking for a good pair of running shoes that are comfortable and would stand up to the test of time and wear and tear, then these are for you!", "these shorts are exactly what i was looking for. they are long enough that they will not ride up....there is a pocket in the back that will fit you key and my phone fits as well. great shorts for running! i just went to order another pair but they are currently unavailable!", "This shirt has lasted through two summers and is still going strong.  Great quality.  I highly recommend Nike apparel to anyone with children.", "I had to wait for the price of the shoes to lower because of purchasing for a child.  Once they arrived, my daughter was so excited that she has been wearing them religiously!  They look nice!", "Nike's quality lives on in these sandals! They are very comfortable and very affordable. If you want comfort and durability in a pair of sandals. Then, this is it! These sandals are true to size and require little or no time for your feet to adjust to the fit. The Velcro straps are durable and allows for adjustment at your convienience. What's more, is that they are very lightweight. Therefore you can go on long walks and forget that you are wearing them. Based on the aforementioned these are best sandals that I have purchased in years. I would recommend these sandals to my friends in a heartbeat! I believe in Nike's quality and own a number of their products. They are definitely high in quality. You won't be disappointed! Now about the merchant. This seller offers very fast shipping (My Nike sandals were shipped within a  few hours of placing my order) and the customer service was most excellent. My queries were adressed within hours. You don't find this level customer service and efficiency these days. To the merchant, Congratulations! I will purchase from you again. Keep up the good work and continue to maintain your high level of service.", "This Nike shoe is extremely light and comfortable.  I wear them running to the gym and for my weight training workouts as well as group ex classes.  The only thing they don't work well for are spinning classes because the sole is so flexible.  The colors are great too.  The shoe fits true to any other Nike shoe I have worn.  I have these in three different colors because I love them so much!", "purchased these as stocking stuffers for our Tribal youth, Alaska is cold they loved that they were warm.  Thank you.", "Good Nike running shoes. Provide real nice cushoning. I had Air Pegasus before, will have probably also in the future.", "Great running shoes, quick delivery time, and a good price.  There is a device embeded in the sole which sync(s) with your iPhone/iPod.  This allows you to easily track how far you run, jog, or walk using your iPhone/iPod, and you can upload these to your own personal \"Nike+\" personal website.  Very handy tool to track your progress.", "This is the most comfortable running shoe I have ever owned. Not much more I can say. I liked them so much,  I bought another pair just for general use.", "I love this shirt, the material is different, but a great shirt.  I don't know where this mp3 headphone area is on the shirt though.  I would highly recommend it!", "Very good shoes. these shoes are comfortable and supportive, but not very nice looking. The shoes are not true to size and although my foot size is 9, I ordered a size 10.5 to have it fit.", "Finally they arrived!!! it took a long time... and the box came all sqaushed but it did not affect the shoes, and they are very comfortable! Good Purchase!", "look super cute, and feel awesome to jogg in. only thing is that shipper didnt describe it would take about two weeks to recieve.", "This pack was exactly what was needed for soccer. Perfect size,shape and color. Nothing to complain about. The pack is not boxy like school packs and not as bulky as regular soccer club bags.", "Love my Nike Nutmeg backpack. Although it says medium size, it's quite spacious. It fits all of my track practice items. It also has convenient small compartments for your headphones, water bottles, anything! Really loving it. And for under $40, it was a steal!", "Works fine, 8 y/o  son likes the color, size, style. He graduated from LL Bean bags we've purchased yearly for the last 3 years. Albert & Kai", "Exactly what You expectMedium sized , slick look , great comfortI recommend it to a highschool guy athlete", "Very nice soccer backpack for my 6 yr old grandson. He loved it. Very well made and would recommend it to any soccer player.", "I bought this for my grandson and he really loved it. It seems strong and durable and able to withstand the rigors of a very active boy.", "NIce backpack with lots of space and departments.  Very durable. It was not bulky but big enough for my son to carry all of his books for school and a side pocket for snacks and water.", "This backpack is a great size for school and sports.  My 10 yr. old and 15 yr. old both love it.", "Great price on this brand new Nike Nutmeg backpack in Black.  Actually, more features than the description indicated. Overall great product at a great price!", "We use this bag as a baby bag. It is big and spacious from the inside. Has many pockets for carrying food, shoes etc. we absolutely love it", "top quality I purchase this item for  my son  and  he loves it. He  can fit  everything  is  it from his  sneakers,  his  book, ipod and  etc.", "Good quality backpack,and inexpensive. Product has many zippered areas, which was a must for our son. I would recommend to everyone.", "great design i would say.both sides have a large invisible cup holder which i found really useful!but somehow it is too small for pack up all my books for school!well it's still a great backpack for working out in gym but IF YOU WANT A BEG FOR YOUR BOOKS,PLEASE CHOOSE ANOTHER ONE!", "This was a Christmas gift for our granddaughter and she loved this. I was happy with the price and how fast it shipped.", "Great Bag and is very light!", "My Son got it on time for school and he very happy with it. I am now looking for one for my daughter", "This backpack still looks brand new and my son has carried it for the first half of his Middle School year! Love the color and the size, perfect!", "Bought this for my Son for school, he loves it. There are a lot of pockets on it. Very well made.", "I bought this for my son as a school back pack not realizing its more for sports. He fell in love with it , but it is a little big for him. He's 6 but there's no taking it away fr him now :) I'm sure he will grow into it soon! Well made , no issues with it .", "excellent product and very comfortable shoes came in as expected, really comfortable for jogging and running, love the product good good", "I ordered these shoes in a size 2.5 for my son. These shoes were a perfect fit! He loves them! They are great looking and comfortable! Great product! Great price! Fast shipping!", "I bought 2 pairs for my boys for Christmas.  They were ecstatic!!  These shoes have worn well and the boys report they are great on the court.", "This was the a great gift that I gave my husband for christmas a 1 year ago. ''He said, that htey are so comforbable shoes that he has ever wear''.", "there kind of tight on the front sides (11us) I like the style anyways,good quality on material and colors I'm satisfied.", "This shoe arrived way ahead of schedule and was the first time that I bought school shoes online. My son was very pleased with the look and I was very please with the price.", "The Soccer cleats are just perfect. Great quality and they look awesome. Loved the leather smell when they first arrived.", "These shoes are very very beatiful, really nice. Amazon picture is too much dark. This Nike model is amazing to watch and to wear. For me is the best design that I have", "They are so stylish and last like nothing I've ever purchased.  And comfortable beyond belief!!  PLEASE KEEP MAKING THEM NIKE!!!", "These sneakers would have been awesome if they sent the size I ordered.  I wish I could find them somewhere else, they are so cute!", "For me this style of running shoes (I run 30-40 miles a week) had turned out to be the very best in comfort, support and longevity, It is a pricy shoe but, hey these are your feet and legs we are talking about here, they are worth it.", "Love these shoes - bought the same style in another color too!!  Will be watching for good deals on additional colors.", "I love the Penny's and I can wear them to just wear them. However, I can't play basketball with them because I wear 9's and it hurts to play in them. I should have bought 10's.", "the shoes are very nice and exactly the size i wanted. i was very impressed by the prompt shipment and quick delivery. i highly recommend this seller. will obviously come back to do business again and again!", "The shipping service was excellent. I must say with Amazon you don't have to be afraid to get the wrong size; I ordered a 12 and so I got a 12. The shoe is very decent. Has a very slight gloss of purple in bright light. Looks cool with any clothes that have light purple or grey and of course black. However, I must include the fact that within a week of usage there I noticed a tear on the front left side of the right shoe. So it goes to show that the material of this shoe is not the best and so I'm giving this 3 stars instead of 5.", "Awesome pair of shoes, I have gotten a lot of compliments on them! Comfortable, stylish, and durable. That is everything that makes up a great pair of shoes!", "Great fit, solid shoes, the kind Nike isnknown for. Old school look, great quality and solid. I recommend and would buy again", "These were for my 13 year old son, who loves them. He wears them every day and they are going strong after 3 months. He will probably outgrow them before he wears them out.", "I play utltimate frisbee. Since the player movements are very similar to football players, these cleats are the best choice for me. This is the second time I get this cleats, and I have absolutely no regrets about it. They're perfectly comfortable. I love the sole because of the traction that it provides, specially in turf. The design it's beautiful. I would definitely recomend this cleats to any football or ultimate frisbee player!", "GREAT SHOES.  I HAVE 3 DIFFERENT STYLES, ALL LEATHER, BUT THEY ARE 2 SIZES SMALLER THAT THEY ACTUALLY ARE LABELED.  IF YOU ARE A SIZE 11, ORDER A SIZE 13...THEY WILL FIT PERFECT.", "Got these for my hubby for fathers day.  He wore them when we were teens and he absolutely loved them.  Figured we would bring it back!!!", "I originally bought the Nike Men's Cortez shoes as part of my Forrest Gump Halloween Costume and afterwards I was just going to use them walking around my property. I found that they were way more comfortable so I started wearing them everyday and they are so comfortable! I am very happy with these shoes. The only thing to watch out for is that they dirty up really quickly if you don't watch it. That doesn't really matter to since I don't really care what people think of my walking shoes.", "I love them and have owned these kinds of sneakers for 20 plus years....they are GREAT and recommend them to all!!!!!", "I've been running for a number of years now and I have gone through many brands of running shoes including Nike, Adidas, and New Balance.  However, I still remember fondly my first pair of running shoes.  My father had bought me a pair when I was 17, gave them to me and said, \"Here you go!\".  I remember looking at them in puzzlement, then looking at him and asking, \"What is this for?!\"  As you can tell, I had no idea what running was.ha!  Guess what pair of shoes I was given?  Yup, the Nike Air Pegasus!  My first foray into running, and it was with the trusty Air Pegasus shoes.In the years since, I have not come across another shoe as good as the Pegasus.  It is a very comfortable and light running shoe, and fits perfect with the first try, a nice snug (but not too snug) fit.  Like I said, perfect!The Air Pegasus 28 is my third Pegasus shoe (I've also owned the +26 version), and so far my favorite one.  I love the color options, I bought the turquoise and pink.  It caught my eye and screamed, \"Buy me!\".  I think the colors has made this great classic running shoe more fun and eye-catching (if you're into the bright colors, there are also more sedate colors offered too).  I'm glad Nike has realized a good thing, and haven't changed the Pegasus at all.This is a tried and true reliable running shoe that will appeal to beginner and experienced runners alike.", "I purchased these Nikes for a friend overseas and was thrilled that they were the REAL thing (i.e., not a copy from China).  The price was the same as on the NIKE website but they were delivered FREE in two days thanks to my Prime membership!  I am very happy with this purchase!", "A very good shoe. Just remember that it a little shorter than most in the requested size. Have worn the pegasus for a long time.", "awesome arch support.  my feet don't hurt even after working a 12 hour shift.  I won't ever buy any other work shoes again.  And they lasted almost a year before the support broke down down.  They are washable; I washed them  a couple times a month and they tolerated it just fine.  Love the colors, too... I had the turquoise/light blue shoes and have never gotten so many positive comments on a pair of shoes (from men and women alike).  Looking for another pair now!", "I bought this shoe for fitness class. Light shoe, true to size, great support for aerobics! I would buy again.", "I have numerous feet problems and love the cushion of the Pegasus!  The fact that it has the Nike + that I can hook up to my ipod is even better.  I love the fact that I can log my walks!", "This is a perfect shoe for most runners. There is more than enough support (especially in the midfoot), so if you have flat feet, there won't be any problems. While there is alot of cushion, the Pegasus is still a lightweight shoe. If you are a runner who plans on doing any type of speedwork, this shoe can take care of those needs. In fact, most top collegiate running programs sponsored by nike offer this shoe to their athletes because of its versatility. The shoe is also durable. I've been using the Pegasus for over a year and my last two pairs lasted for over 350 miles with no injury. Bottom line, plenty of stability with a lightweight ride.", "can't beat the reliable Nike Pegasus for comfort and fit; stores do not carry these as they sell out; luckily Amamzon had it. True fit.", "I just picked these shoes up for an incredible price!  I'm not a runner, but like a good, light-weight shoe when working out that feels good and looks good.  Saw these before a few weeks ago, then found them on sale and tried on again (yellow/grey).  I like fit/feel, but agree with the other reviewer that they run 1/2 size small.  I normally wear 10.5, but the 11 fit better.  Great shoe from Nike!", "These are a great great running shoe very comfy, light light light!!wore them straight outta the box for quick 5miler no breaking in required was great.very breathable. I usually run in the Nike vomero 6 which are my babies!!!got a pressie of these and am very happy I may be converted to a new style. Would highly recommend them for long distance running for sure I run on my ling runs 22+mile and they are like a glove. On another note no no no on the lunar glide, soooooo narrow and uncomfortable waste of time and money.", "Super \"springy\" when comparing to my free-runs and I like it. I am a woman but bought men's 10.5 since they fit me best. Wide in the forefoot which is perfect for my wide feet, since I have had problems with plantar fasciitis, metatarsalgia and taylor's bunion. I feel like I can run again in these and don't feel that I'm pounding my soles too much.", "SRLA introduced me to these amazing shoes, and they are super comfortable. It was very nice of Nike to have had donated them or I don't know what they did but they did it, I used them very well and I ran with them on the 2012 LA Marathon. Since the marathon they are pretty worn out, but I am planning on buying another pair.", "Bought these at the local Nike store a few months back, and they are great. Went back to buy more and they switched style which didn't feel as comfortable. I have plantar fasciitis and wearing these made it feel like I was walking on air. Great shoe", "I would recommend this to anyone whom I like ;-).I love the way it feels when I jog. I am glad I bought these.", "Grandson needed some new running shoes for track and cross country training.  Traced thes as a great pair and they have met all his expectations.  Arrived as ordered, on time and in excellent condition.", "I bought these shoes about a month before my marathon, trained in them 4 or 5 times before the race, and wore them for the race. I am 5 ft 10, 170 pounds and I ran a 3:55 marathon with no issue from my shoes. They are very comfortable, decent cushion and no blisters. A solid buy.", "Fit perfectly! Exactly like the pictures! Very cool! I love them! And it's cheap too! Very good product. I recommend it!", "These by far are the most comfortable shoes I have ever purchased!  I did not buy them because of them being a walking shoe, I purchased them because I have had several surgeries on my one foot and these were the most comfortable.  After several months of searching and probably a hundred shoes that I tried on, and I am so glad I found these.  I purchased a total of 4 pair (2 in black and 2 in white), only because I know if they stop making these I will be out of luck again.  The price is a little high, but considering how comfortable they are I can't complain!  I recomend these shoes to anyone who is looking for a comfortable shoe to wear!  I have worn the one pair of black ones every single day (I have to wear them to work) for the past 2 1/2 years and they still are comfortable and held up very well!  Well worth the money! Love them, Love them, Love them!", "Being a huge Nike sneaker fan I found this shoes to be another great Nike product.  The shoes are very comfortable and stylish.  If your looking for a solid white sneaker, like I was, these are a great purchase.  The sneakers are light-weight and breathable also.", "Elderly family member tried these on in a department store before buying. Very, very comfortable for her- her first pair of walking/athletic shoes in her life! Fits narrow feet very well, runs true to size.", "I need well fitting comfortable sneaker for walking, in good price range!!11/9/13i just walked in them, my right heel on the inner aspect is not supportive,hence had to put in a medial wedge /heel only,now it is comfortable.May be the right sneaker is defective", "I chose this rating because these sneakers fit well, give great support, and are very comfortable. Well worth the price.", "Excellent purchase, the color, the height and the finished ones they are of very good quality, for what I grant an excellent qualification", "As described.  Bought for my daughter who is playing field hockey.  Good fit, but I don't know about hold up yet.", "Our 9-yr old boy has been playing soccer in his school team for about 5 years now. In that time he has come a long way about passing and shooting, and scored a few goals.As kids grow so fast, we keep shopping for soccer gear all year round: shorts, shirts, shingle guards, socks, and of course, shoes.These shoes appealed to our kid, since he's had many Nike before, and the Mercurials are still in high demand for their looks comfort, and performance features.These shoes are last year's model, so Amazon sold them at some discount, which made them worth buying for us, for they-re still up to this year's standards and style, just in a different color combination. IOur 9-yr old boy has been playing soccer in his school team for about 5 years now. In that time he has come a long way about passing and shooting, and scored a few goals.As kids grow so fast, we keep shopping for soccer gear all year round: shorts, shirts, shingle guards, socks, and of course, shoes.These shoes appealed to our kid, since he's had many Nike before, and the Mercurials are still in high demand for their looks comfort, and performance features.These shoes are last year's model, so Amazon sold them at some discount, which made them worth buying for us, for they-re still up to this year's standards and style, just in a different color combination. I enjoy very much the fact that these shoes are very visible from the distance, so when I go to watch my kid in a soccer match, I can tell him from other kids from really far.All things considered, our kid will likely outgrow these shoes before they're worn beyond usability, but he'll enjoy top performing shoes for another six months or so, and we'll enjoy saving ourselves some money for the next ones.Amazon delivered these shoes really fast, even though we used the free supersaver shipping. That makes for another extra good deal. Good going, Amazon,!All things considered, our kid will likely outgrow these shoes before they're worn beyond usability, but he'll enjoy top performing shoes for another six months or so, and we'll enjoy saving ourselves some money for the next ones.Amazon delivered these shoes really fast, even though we used the free supersaver shipping. That makes for another extra good deal. Good going, Amazon,!", "I ordered size 13s, but I should've gone with 13.5.  It's tight in the toes.  Otherwise the cushioning and support are good", "Ordered theses for my son and he was very much satisfied w/ my purchase. He keep asking for the high top but you guys didn't carry them. They where also a lot cheaper than going to foot locker.", "The photo showed a deeper pink-purple color when I purchased it, but then after purchasing, it showed a different photo (lighter pink). And then I received the lighter pink color. I definitely liked the other color better, but I guess I'll keep them. They don't stay on that great, but most baby shoes don't I guess!", "Nike Structures are a stability shoe and best suited for those with pronation issues that cause things like PF. After a year off running because of an improperly fitted neutral shoe and resulting Plantar Fasciitis, my PT recommended this model and I have been running in it ever since. I have found that some of Nike's shoes are fashion only, but this is a performance shoe that will be great for you if you are a middle distance runner with a tendency to over pronate. I should say that I also removed the foot bed and inserted a more supportive one by Super Feet.", "yes, it's totally \"out there\" and massively fuchsia...but i get nothing but compliments!regardless...that is NOT why i love them.it is because nike has, once again, gotten the structure thing right!my foot feels like it's \"home\" when i wear these, which is every day.if you find your size, get it twice, because you'll be wishing you had when they start to wear out!", "I just ordered these and got them in the mail, they fit perfect and i LOVE the colors!! I haven't ran in them yet but I know they will be great!!", "Nike Air Max Moto have been my choice of running shoe for over 10 years. After receiving a recommendation from a running store in 2001, I have continued to buy the latest version of this shoe and have yet to be disappointed.These shoes provide a great fit and endure harsh conditions and treatment. A good shoe for your workout or just to wear.", "I bought this pair of shoes about a month ago. Feel very comfortable when I wear them.The design is beautiful and price is reasonable. Received the product in a timely manner.", "This particular model/year fits me and feels great. It's designed/preferred by fatter people, I'm 160 6'3&#34; and I like it cause I run Ultra Marathons so all that extra padding and shock keeps my feet comfy. If your looking at this then you already know you like it so yea, get em while they last.", "They arrived a full day before the estimated arrival date.  This was the first time I've purchased shoes on amazon and I gotta admit I wash little nervous about the fit. I've been lucky so far with the work boots I've bought, and I gotta say these Nike's couldn't have fit better if I'd have tried them on in the store.", "I haven't had athletic shoes that fit me this well in years, and they look great too! I wear a size 12 and my feet are narrow so I have a really hard time finding a good fit. These shoes exceeded my expectation by far!", "I bought this shoe for my daughter and she loves it. It fit perfectly and it is very comfortable. I will recommend this shoe.", "Nice comforble tennis shoes for running and walking. Like the style and colors couldn't ask for more was just hoping on thbe price it could be lower", "I'm very pleased with my Nike Dart 9 shoes.....I Will order again soon... I even told my sisters to order...Thanks so much", "This is my favorite shoe.  It fits well, has good support and does very well when I work out at the gym.  Good shoe!", "Bought these for my daughter-in-law and she loved them.  Very nice product and was shipped very quickly. More than met expectations.", "Very light weight and comfortable after all day wear.  I think I'll buy another pair for when these wear out.  True to size.", "Absolutely Love these shoes. They are exactly what is described and fit like a glove. Love the color got alot of compliments and most important they are comfortable. Highly Recommend :)", "super comfortable, love them! The fit is great and they don't make your feet look big, this is my second pair and I will keep buying them!!", "Muy bueno el producto, original , de calidad y muy buena eficiencia a la hora de entregarlo , muy puntuales", "are excellent shoes, nike congratulate the company for putting this wonderful model sale of footwear. many thanks, greetings from Caracas Venezuela.", "I have a hard time finding shoes that fit. I have neuropathy and most shoes hurt my feet but the Dart 9 running shoe is great. I walked in them the first day I got them and they didn't feel like a new shoe.", "I work on my feet all day, so it's extremely important to me that my shoes be comfortable. These fit amazing, and just hug my feet! They did need a little breaking in the first day, but that's to be expected with most shoes. After that, they've been nothing but a dream.Nike never disappoints me, though. They're the only sneaker I buy, anymore :)", "The UPPER of these Nike Women's Dart 9 Running sneakers are made of lightweight breathable mesh.  These sneakers have an attractive clean look - white with bright violet and metallic silver colorway (for greater visibility when running in the dark).I like these light running shoes - the breathable mesh definitely keeps my feet cooler during a workout.The rubber OUTSOLE has a waffle pattern for greater traction and durability and, the beveled heel provides a lightweight, cushioned impact.  I find the outsole and heel effective in absorbing shocks while jogging/running, especially on hard surfaces.The Nike Women's Dart 9 Running sneakers are affordably priced, running shoes with a well cushioned, supportive fit.Check around for these Nike women's Dart 9 running shoes ... the price varies on Amazon.REVIEWED BY A FAMILY MEMBERHope this review was helpful ... Jeffrey A. (Jeff)", "I am always happy with Nike shoes and these are no different. The color was great and the fit was perfect as usual", "Too good I'd say ... tremendous product. 100% original. 100% recommended. So I give it 5 stars and if you could give her 10 stars", "I love these shoes!  They are great looking, very comfortable and reasonably priced.  I have received many compliments on them.  Also, they were easy to order and delivery was prompt.", "This is my &#34;go to&#34; shoe.  I like Nike shoes in general because they are well-made and lightweight.  I wear this shoe a lot and it is very comfortable.  It is true to size.", "WAs looking for a lightweight shoe for working out, running, eliptical, cycling...etc.  This shoe is lightweight and has a breathable upper (which is really nice).  Again, the most important factor was a lightweght shoe which it is.  Traction is good and overall appearance is nice.  I would have ordered 1/2 size up if it was available, but maybe because the shoe is new and my feet are a tad wide.  I have no problems recommending this shoe for general workout training.", "i wish the laces were longer.they are nice and light.they fit just way i wanted them.the price was just right", "Product is fine. Fair quality but I'm not sure 50 dollars is for much more than the brand name. Completely satisfied. Just wanted some tennis shoes that wouldn't fall apart after a couple of months of cleaning and working in the yard.", "are just perfect for walkingtrainningi will used to to outdoors to go to north part of PeruCombine them with jogging pants, jeans or shortsso so comfrtable and the orange details are just neonthe size fits perfect", "I love this shoes and would buy again from buyer.I would recomend this buyer to my friends and family.I loved it", "I was looking for shoes for my mom and these caught my eye! When they arrived they were perfect size and color.my mom loved them and said they feel great! Would definitely buy another pair, plus it's hard finding good shoes online.", "These are the best pair of all around walking/exercising shoes I've purchased in the past several years - true to size, great comfort, and good durability.  Seller shipped quickly!", "This Nike shoe is just what I ordered.  It is a good value, fits well and works with my orthotics  I will buy this shoe again.", "these shoes are amazing they fit great!!!!! I love them!!!!!!!!! they look great and feel really comfortable!!!! and the price was great too!", "These shoes are comfortable and are exactly what I wanted at the perfect price.  I received them fast and the packaging was perfect.", "They fit great true to size but would recommend going a size up if your wearing thick socks with them.", "LOVE these shoes!  Comfortable, great fit.I use for power walking, and casual wear as well.Support is great. Highly recommend!", "I walk about 4 miles a day.  This shoe has great support and offers balance.  Nothing is going to ever be perfect for me because of my own personal &#34;foot&#34; issues...but these shoes do the job as well as can be expected.", "Gotten compliments but best of all they for perfect look great and are wicked comfortable! They go with any workout gear, honestly!", "These shoes are just what I wanted.  Light weight, comfortable and perfect for the exercise I do.  I don't run but do cardio workouts and zumba.  I plan to do a lot of walking in them on our vacation. They are roomy enough for my orthodics  and the inner sole comes out with ease.", "I really like the fit and the look of the shoe on my grandsons foot thanks for the good pricing and fast shipping.", "Exterior looks nice but the inside sole looks like my 2 year old glued it in. I don't think they would have sold this one in the store.", "My son is 2 1/2  he loves these shoes, this is his second pair.  He wears them all summer. Great shoe.", "I have purchased two pairs of these for my kids and I'm searching for a third in the next size up.  They are easy to get on, breathable, very durable and seem comfortable.  The sole is pliable and curves up, around the the toes to protect better than most sandals.  Great for water activities too.I highly recommend the Nike Sunray Protect!", "Although it is a bit large to my kid whose feet is smaller than 15cm now. And I think when the summer is coming,it can fit him. He likes it a lot.The color and the quality is as good as described online.", "The shoes are cute but I like the sperrys much better.The price of the Nikes was a little more than I think they are worth.", "Very good Nike shoes excellent quality and originals, comfortable, the color and the design is exactly the same as the picture", "Compr&eacute; estos zapatos para regalo de un familiar. Los colores son muy bnitos e inteson y de acuerdo a la opini&oacute;n de quien los usa son muy c&oacute;modas y confortables. Los recomiendo.", "I bought this from a shoe store at a crazy discount and thought to give it a pessimistic try. it is the best work shoe i have ever owned to date and i am looking for another pair but can't seem to find it anywhere! I work night shift and do a whole lot of work on my feet but thanks to these gel-soft shoes i am able to handle the work loads easier. The shoe itself is almost feather weight and it is almost as soft as a stress ball you would find in a toy store but this shoe is stronger as heck! i have gone through many shoes from my job and it boggles my mind how the softest shoe is actually also the strongest. I really wish they would sell these again and in more colors so i can buy one my cycling weekends and another for work too!", "This is the best i'm super super excited it is everything and then some. the seller was on point with everything. they are very comfortable and unique. very professional seller. lookimg forward for more great stuff.", "Air Max 95 the best shoes Nike ever made! These shoes are very nice and they came very quickly . Now they are different because usually the gray part of the shoe is suede - like but these are not some other material. But everywhere I go people ask me where did I get them. The price you CanNot beat. Buy them!", "This was a gift for my son and he loved it,very good price and good fit. I was very pleased with this purchase.", "very comfortable shoes. The water shield is nice it also serves as a dirt shield lol. I live in the country and very dusty. Its nice that dirt and dust does not \"seep in\" the shoe and get my feet dusty!", "My son says it is a good buy. It is more than adequate hold his gear. There is room enough and good sections.", "I am very happy with this purchase!  The Nike Brasilia 5 Small Duffle Grip is the perfect bag for me.  I orderd the pink/black bag; the colors are vibrant and the bag is GORGIOUS!  The bag is the perfect size to take to the gym and it would also work as an overnight/weekender bag.  I love the side pockets.  The pocket on one end holds a lot and zips closed.  It has a bit of ventilation....  The pocket on the other end is open at the top and would be good for a water bottle or anything that you need easy access to.", "My sons both wanted bags for basketball season.  These bags are a perfect size to fit their basketball shoes, a basketball, change of clothes or hoodie, water bottle and snack.  Well made bag.", "My 7 year old wanted this for Christmas and I love that its a good size for him and I love the colors.", "Light but durable. Would prefer extra inside pocket for toiletries. Bought it for my son at college. He's happy with it. Hope it lasts at least the year!", "Just what I was looking for!I should have bought it on eBay though....then I would be able to post comments without having to use a minimum number of words.  Go eBay!  Life is to short!", "My daughter plays jv basketball. This bag is perfect for carrying all her stuff. She normally takes a pair of slides, her basketball shoes, her warm up suit, her uniform and some personal hygeine type items. Their is plenty of room in this bag for extra items that she carries from time to time....her practice uniform and her varsity uniforms as well. Great bag and great price.", "this was a christmas gift for my husband and he is happy with it is his gym bag, it's worth it.", "Came on time, perfect condition, has held up well. One of my best Amazon purchases to date. I use it nearly every day.", "Good product seems to be very durable and I really enjoy the color and the multiple straps and of course the swoosh", "Got this for the wife and a Blue medium sized one for me. We both love them. I pack all my junk to and from work and the gym in this thing. It's part of my checklist before I leave the house. Also had to wash it recently and came out of the wash as good as new.Nike makes great products and this is no exception.", "love the spaceexcellent support strap for shoulderlove the colorwould definitely use this duffel bag at the gym", "Perfect size and feels durable.  16 year old son uses it daily to carry gym gear to and from school. He likes it a lot more compared to the large", "This bag has a nice bicolor very easy to clean and it looks nice and excellent for small locker has separate compartments for sneakers what clothes and a small zipper to keep your money or valuables", "I love this duffel for quick trips overnight or a weekend especially when trunk space is somewhat limited. It is also nice to have the separate outside zippered pocket.", "i love this bag. one of the best purchases i could have made. i use it for my gym and track things. its great to but a pair of shoes a change of clothes and some snacks and drinks as well. also works great for an over night bag. I definitly recommend this bag.", "Good product but my daughter uses it so I am not sure how it is lasting.  She liked it though so I give it a thumbs up.", "I use this bag to go to the gym, it is perfect to hold my shoes / workout clothes.  It is a small, well made bag, which is just what I was looking for.", "Perfect all around bag for my daughter... from the gym, to an overnight stay with Grandma. She can fit everything in the bag and loves the color!", "This bag has a fine line in particular so it's very nice, comfortable, cool, and the brand is one of the most sought after in the market.excellent article, I have just what I expected, thanksproduct", "Perfect for shoes and extra set of clothes. This item is much bigger than expected. Plenty of room and I love it.", "I was looking for a duffel bag that would be perfect for my brother for Christmas! It is perfect for him to carry to the gym and on trips! Very happy with this purchase!", "I absolutely love these bags. I am a mobile massage therapist, and this bag is the perfect size for carrying everything I need. This bag is also perfectly sized to be a carry-on item for most airlines (I avoid checking luggage whenever possible). The only thing I don't like about the new design is that only one of the side compartments zips closed; the other has a small velcro tab, but is otherwise an open pocket. This is great as far as easy access to that pocket goes, but I prefer the security that comes from being able to zip it shut.", "My daughter's play basketball, yet are still in middle school. This bag is a perfect size for them. Not so big that it droops and is a burden to carry!! Love the color choices and quality!", "so great! This bag is everything i thought it would be! it deserves a great review. and I love the color", "Perfect gym bag. Had excellent shipping speed, and the bag is of really great quality. I can fit everything I need in there and then some!", "OK, so I cheated on Amazon on this one.  I bought this bag on ebags.com after following another reviewers advice that ebags had a better deal on it.  In total, it ended up being $5 cheaper.  It seems that ebags.com is the Amazon of bags and has great prices.  I bought this bag solely to use as a gym bag.  I was not sure exactly what size I needed, but am glad that I settled on the small bag versus the medium size bag which would surely be too big of a gym bag for most people.  Based on what other bags I see at the gym, this is the same size almost everyone uses.  My only complaint with this duffel is that it could use one more, preferably mesh, pocket on the outside.  Other than that, it is perfect for what I am using it for.  I normally pack a towel, weight belt, two water bottles, gloves, sandals and a change of clothes without there being a ridiculous amount of extra room.  If i were traveling with this bag, I would expect to be able to pack three days of clothes, a pair or two of shoes and all of my toiletries, making it a perfect bag for weekend trips.", "The bag is good. The size is good for my daily gym use. I gave 4 star is because I found there are only one side pocket. If it has more side pockets for my phone and other small staff, it will be perfect for 5 start.", "Good bag, good fabric, seems to be durable, we use it all the time...Although the shoulder strap could be more comfortable.", "This duffel was a gift for my husband to use as a gym bag.  He is very happy with it.  Fits all of his gym gear just fine.  He likes the wet pocket too.  It is made very well and seems very sturdy and hope it lasts for a long time.", "perfect size, and perfect condition. as explained, great deal. I would recommend for others wanting a nice gym bag. love it", "The compartments on the side are great for storing extras like hair ties, sports bras and socks in case you forget them, and it holds a lot in the main compartment. The long strap is great for over the shoulder when I'm carrying a million things in the morning.", "I wanted to let you know that I was very please with the small duffle I purchase on your site.  I love to shop Amazon, because you make it so easy to navigate and find just what I'm looking for.  Your Amazon site is my favorite place to shop for quality items at a good price.  Thank you also for your expedience with shipping as well.Sincerely,Sharon Jonesurmn_4ver@yahoo.com", "the size of this bag is perfect for a trip to the gym or overnight trips.  plenty of room for basic essentials and some extra stuff too.  great quality and has vented pockets for wet or stinky shoes.  thougthfullness in this design makes it a great buy", "This bag has been perfect for me. So perfect I purchased a second one. I currently use one for all the gym clothes and it is perfect. The second bag I use for my cycling gear. I have my riding shoes, helmet, gloves, extra shirts, and energy packs and there is still plenty of room. This bag is well built and I believe will be around for a long time. I would recommend this bag to anyone.", "This bag is helpful.I use it for work. I wish there were more pockets though. It only has one big pocket on the side.  Im getting great use of it though. The long strap is nice.", "I bought this bag for my 11 year old son to carry his basketball stuff in to games. This bag is very roomy, it's big enough to fit a regular sized basketball, water bottle and a pair of tennis shoes. It's well built and it looks nice, I would recommend it!", "nice, excellent price.  this is for my 16 years old son, to use for gym. his is so happy . thanks", "they are a very good value, the last and are good for school sports. It is the second time my son buys them", "The shoes were for my son and they were PERFECT!! Great look and perfect fit.  Very Pleased!! I will be sure to always check this site again.", "The UPPER of these 'Nike Dart VIII' sneakers are made of lightweight breathable mesh with metallic silver colorway (for greater visibility when running in the dark).I like these light running shoes. Although, my feet don't sweat, the 'Nike Dart VIII' breathable mesh definitely keeps my feet cooler during a workout.The OUTSOLE has a waffle pattern for greater traction and durability and, the beveled heel provides a lightweight, cushioned impact.I find the outsole and heel effective in absorbing shocks while jogging/running, especially on hard surfaces.SEE MY PHOTOS IN CUSTOMER IMAGESThe 'Dart VII series' are affordably priced, running shoes with a well cushioned, supportive fit.I easily converted my into a pair of Nike+ running shoes.  Now, my 'Nike Dart VIII' can monitor my workout using the Nike App on my iPod Touch just as good as expensive Nike+ sneakers.  I laced theGrantwood Technology Shoe Pouchonto the left sneaker to fit myApple iPod Wireless In-Shoe Sensor.  It's that simple!These 'Nike Dart VIII' sneakers are comfortable and versatile - 5 STARSHope this review was helpful ...Jeffrey A. (Jeff)", "This is one good looking sneaker, only thing that I wish was that I had tried it on in the store first. They suggest to order 1/2 size larger, I think one size larger is better to be safe. Otherwise a great purchase.", "I love these sneakers because they are very comfortable, and they move when you want to move. they are great for just wearing, running, or exercising.", "This was came as advertised and my girlfriend was very happy with the sneakers, the size and the color. Would recommend.", "The shoe is of good quality but the nike signature inside the shoe fades away. After I first wore the shoe i realised that that the nike signature started to fade away.The quality is very good but it still leaves me contemplating whether the shoe is of 100% genuine standards.", "No complaints at all. I like the shade of blue that this pair of Jordans is. It goes great with a lot more than most blue shoes I'd say, at least out of my collection. Overall pleasant experience with vendor. Shipped and received on time and in perfect condition for both the shoes and the original box they came in.", "I am always decked out in Jordan gear. Never worn sandals before, but these are very comfortable and affordable while keeping the Jordan look.", "I love these shoes but they are very hard to find!  They are comfortable, especially if you have foot issues.  They are very supportive and cushy.", "I looove this shoes.They look amazing, and they are the most confortable! I really like them.Got them on time and in perfect confitions.", "These shoes are great - a little bit on the cushiony side given all the rage of the light weight - closer to running bare foot - shoes, but they still work for me!", "The shirt arrived in good condition and on time. However, it is burnt orange and not gray like the photo. My son has plenty of orange UT shirts, I liked that this was gray instead.", "Love the shoes, brand new, works great and the shipping and everything else was perfect, I enjoy using this product and recommend it.", "Excellent, Nike is Nike, no doubt about it, easy on the feet, looks great and will continue to buy this brand", "I must say that these are my favorite pair of shoes, I wear them all the time!  And they came earlier than specified!", "I swear by Nike Air Max 95's so comfortable, great height, its just perfect and the color is vivid and exactly like the photo. Everyone loves them and have asked where to buy them, I tell them &#34;Amazon&#34;, if there are any left :) Lots of compliments. Definitely recommend and will be buying more in other colors.", "I bought the shoes for my husband for running. He likes it, perfect size. We are happy with the purchase.", "MY SON LOVES THIS SHOE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I GOT THEM FOR GYM CLASS BUT HE WEARS THEM ON A REGULAR. NICE FIT AND THE SHOE HOLDS UP VERY WELL. DELIVERY WAS FAST.", "excellent shoes, i ordered them for one of my uncles and he loved the gift. great quality great price, you should get one if you are looking for something comfortable.", "They are very comfy and also stylish at the same time! I am on my feet all night at work and these air max keep my feet happy!", "sooo very nice i would like to have same style in diferents color, good quality. I love my shoes. I'm buy another color", "These are even nicer in person. The information on the page does not do these shoes justice. These are so well made and are so much cheaper than going to a shoe store and purchasing a pair of Nikes. These run true to size and they will not disappoint.", "I love these. Great choice. Good quality and price. Great birthday or Christmas present. Would recommend to family and friends.", "These shoes are lightweight incredibly cushioned and breathe nicely.  I definitely notice the impact much less when running in these than any of my previous runners which included Nike Air Alaris +2, Saucony Grid Cohesion 4 and Asics Gel Frantic 6. I do suggest you get fitted for a pair of shoes by a professional then buy what works best for you.", "Nike went above and beyond with these shoes for the KING Lebron...they are extremely comfy and fit like a glove, true to size, great support for your arch and ankles, can't lie even better than almost all Jordans out there....love these shoes and just like Michael Jordan said back in 2003...Lebron's shoes will top mine because he is the future!!! Highly recommended to any True baller or sneakerhead in the world!!!", "You are advised to buy one size smaller than your normal size and I confirm that this is about right; to be exact, they run about 3/4 size smaller. Of course, the sole is BRIGHT lime green, so be sure you can handle that!", "i must admit i hate water shoes. i feel the insoles always come loose and you end up throwing them out. BUT here with these shoes there is no insole. its so nice to be in a water park or the beach and not worry about my water shoes. listen these are very comfortable as i have purchased them for my girl friend as well and she uses them to simply \"chill\" in. great water shoes at a great price.. thinking of getting them????? just do it!!!!!", "nice shirt to work out in. I really like the way this sleeveless shirt fits, it feels great. worth it", "great material, but it fits a little tighter than I desire", "This product is amazing! I love it. I would also recommend it and I would definately buy it again without thinking twice.", "Delivery was quick so no problems there.As for the shoe, I couldn't be happier. Mainly used at the gym indoors but stands out when running outdoors. Definitely benefiting from the dynamic stability as I am an under-pronator. Heel cup gives the shoe a snug feeling which is a plus.Overall opinion - impressed.", "I received the shoes days before I was told by amazon to expect them. When I opened the box that the shoes were sent in, I found that they were in better condition than some shoe stores sell their products. The shoes fit perfectly, are extremely comfortable, and look great. In the future, I will look to buy from them over other vendors.", "I bought this pair of shoes for my daughter. The colour is unique as well as the style. She says her frieds aolso like them, so I am sure I have made a good purchase.", "I really like these shorts.  The compression shorts are a great fit, and I love the zip pocket on the back for small items.", "Great work out shirt.  Fits and breathes nicely.  I've gotten several compliments on the style and color.  Shipping took a little longer and wasn't traceable, but the wait was well worth it.", "These Nike runnig shirts are the best shirts I have ever tried! The material is soooo confortable that you really run happy!And the fact that these shirt were bought from a seller from UK, the seller is fantastic with the service and the prices!!GO for Nike Miler Dri-Fit UV Short Sleeve T-Shirts from SportsShoes Unlimited.", "I'm so happy when I got this product. Very good quality and fits perfectly for me. Exactly what was in the product description. Fast shipping too! I'm very satisfied. Thank you Amazon.", "I have had 3 versions of Nike slides over the years.  The first pair finally wore completely out after 2 years of casual wear.  The second lasted 1 year.  This particular sandal, the First String Slide, has been my grab and go choice of footwear and has served as my \"house shoes\" since December 2011.  So, after 11 months of nearly daily wear, they have finally begun to give way to flattening and thinning.  For the first 6 months they were comfortable and and adequate for the price and style.  Let's face it, this is a $20 pair of slide on flip flops, not a $150 pair of gel cushion athletic shoes.  These aren't made for extensive, grueling walks, long distance running, or hiking...but they are great for a quick trip to the store, mailbox or pool.  They hold up pretty well, and they look great too.  The blue is as stated, royal, and looks nice in contrast to the black.  I gave 4 stars instead of 5 because the sole does begin to \"mold\" to your foot and eventually the area beneath my heels began to flatten more quickly than the rest of the sole.  This is what eventually leads to the slide becoming uncomfortable.  Regardless, I'll gladly keep dishing out 20 bucks a year for these great slides.", "Product is perfect for water related uses.  Fits well and is very comfortable.", "very happy whit these item nice colors fits just right the price was a good pay for what i got", "Love these shoes... took maybe 3 days to \"break\" them in...  super comfy! great colors! Wear them everyday for work", "I bought these shoes about 4 months ago and absolutely love them. They are extremely comfortable and I receive a lot of comments about how great they look. Great shoes!", "Great shoes, very comfortable the colors are the perfect combination,  I use every day to go to the work or go out with my friends", "Shoe seemed a bit clunky and the build quality was less than desirable. There was glue oozing out of the seams which was surprising since I am quite the Nike customer.", "My son loves this shoe!  He has had several pair of the Lunar series and keeps going back to them.  Great price and shipping was very timely!", "Great socks!  Comfortable.  High quality. Better than most others I have had.  You have to buy a really good pair just once to appreciate the difference in cheap/poor quality vs a moderately prices/high quality. A+", "I saw these shoes for $50, and I just couldn't help myself. Delivery was quick and everything was in order. The shoe feels great. It's very light and stable, and looks good, as well. The only knock that I had was that there was a subtle orange stain on the tongue of my left shoe. It looks like it came from the packaging, but that's all. It's a great shoe for a really good price, for casual use or for basketball.", "The product arrived on time and was exactly what was asked for.  Great experience, I highly recommend doing business here.", "they ware like iron and are very cozy perfect fit and nike doesnt make anything bad so these are great socks", "These had better stand up to use. I hope they were really made in the USA. They feel good. But they did arrive in no packaging. Which is kinda weird. I'll have to find them in a brickandmortar to check them out.", "It's very beautiful and I feel comfortable and warm when I wear it. I wear it when I play basketball.", "Good socks. Sporty and comfortable. Good for sports activity or casual wear. Will look for more of these in other colors.", "These are made of very good quality fabric and extremely comfortable.  I not only wear them for golf, but other times too.", "I am a men's size 11 and feel like these are too small - not way off but not quite right both in length and tightness.  Quality is good and they breath well, but just didn't fit well enough for those qualities to carry the day.", "I HAVE WORN NIKE SOCKS FOR MANY YEARS AND I CAN TELL YOU THEY ARE BETTER THAN EVER. I RECOMMEND THEM FOR ALL OF YOU WHO LIKE SPORTS.", "At this price I recommand to consider the under armors they are sheeper and a good quality!!I'm running 10Km a week for years and their are one of the best tought!", "Great socks but the price sucks! Too High for only three pair of socks. There good but not at that price.", "Not WigWam's or Thorlos, but fine. These are the four teen more words the review requires.  What a system. Boy.", "These are the best socks I've ever had.  The are a bit tight to put on, but otherwise great product.  My feet sweat a little, but it does keep foot odor to a minimum,  These socks are also great for preventing blisters.", "These socks more that lived up to my expectation, soft well contructed and very strong.  I know I will be wearing them for a long time to come.", "I bought these socks for my sons.  Good quality and the price was good also.  I know from past experience with these socks that they last.", "Cant anyone size anything right? Says made in USA.  Why does size 15 always feel like a size 10 package clearly says sizes 12-15. Maybe it will fit a 14 ok or 13 but 15 you need a shoe horn to put on a sock.Not going to waste more time and money to send back. Give to my kids who are a size 10.", "My son wears these in gym class, good sock, popular and wears/ washes well. highly recommend for those kids wearing the slide sandals", "Socks that fit and feel great. Although pretty pricey, Nike socks feel great and provide a lot of comfort. Only negative side for those of you who do not like linen going everywhere, if you do sweat in them for the first couple of uses, it will get all over your feet and in your shoes. That though, is a pretty simple clean.", "These are nice, comfortable socks for misc. sporting activities in Summer.  I need to see how they hold up but at This point I will buy again.", "Although price above the $14.00 retail suggested price, they were send with free shipping which makes a difference. The 3 pair of socks are nice and thick and of true NIKE quality and will be ,long lasting and comfortable which is most important to me when purchasing socks.", "Great pair of socks, have the dri fit quality that soaks up the sweat while working out to keep your feet dry", "El producto solicitado fue el realmente recibido, tal como se pidio. La mercancia llego en muy buen estado y dentro del tiempo estimado. Recomiendo esta v&iacute;a para realizar las compras ;)", "It is fantastic that Nike makes this shoe in large sizes.  This shoe receives a 5 star for being available for larger feet.  It is durable, lightweight and fits!", "It holds my stuff great.This is my 1st gym bag. So happy with it. Only thing is that its flimsy and does not hold its shape.", "Perfect for our 11 yr old and carrying all of his basketball gear.  Helps keep him very organized and doesn't lose or forget things!", "After looking everywhere for the perfect bag, my son saw this and never looked at more. The size was even bigger then I expected, its Nike so the quality is there, color is what it looks like. He stuffs his soccer gear, ball, clothes and who knows what else in there.", "Great duffle bag. My son utilize it for football and its great..awesome for sport equipment.easy to carry and nice quality.", "This bag seems to be holding up very well.  We bought 2 for my children's karate sparring gear and related equipment, etc.  The older bag they had fell apart fairly quickly.  These are holding up nicely and large enough to accomodate everything they have and more.", "My son is a swimmer and needed something that could carry workout clothes, school clothes, 2 pairs of shoes, 2 towels, soap/shampoo, a jammer, and snacks. I was worried before ordering that bag that there would be enough room. I was pleasantly surprised when it arrived as it is exactly the right size for all of his stuff. It's also a light weight, yet well built. There are separate compartments to keep things separated. Shoes go on one end, snack on the other. The adjustable shoulder strap is padding and curved so it conforms to your shoulder - perfect if you ride a bike or motorcycle.Basically, if you are a swimmer, soccer, basketball or other sports player and need to keep everything in one bag for your busy lifestyle, this is exactly what this is for. You could fit a ball in here too if you made room. And yes, this is genuine Nike gear.", "very good bag and looks real slick. I needed a good quality bag that looked good and i found it with this product. Its a good size too. .", "i really like this bag...its the same from the picture, i was a little worried that its gonna be too small...but no, its perfect, big bag perfect to travell or go to the hospital like myself...and its nike :D", "It's exactly how it's described and it's very durable. Very spacious too!Came very quickly and I was able to use it right away.", "Very durable bag and looks great. I needed something to quickly throw clothes in for short road trips and was easy to sling over my shoulder for on the go. I've used it quite a bit and it still looks just like new and gets the job done.", "Everything we expected! Fits all the football equipment, but my son is still able to carry it by himself. Very nice!", "i bought this handbag because in july i have plans for the gymactually it says meduim but WOW this bag is really spacefull and im sure that it will serve every athlete purposesgreat product seems to be made of great material i like it didnt use it yet but its good.......", "My Son loves this bag. Says it has tons of room for the many pairs of shoes that he plans to take on vacation", "Although the measurements are listed, I expected a much smaller bag.  I'm able to everything I need for the gym in this bag and still have lots of room left over!  I love it and was a pleasant surprise", "I thought it was a good price and decided to give it a try.. it was much better than what I expected. :) I love it.", "I use this bag for yoga and I LOVE IT.  It is sturdy but light.  It has all the compartments that I need.  The &#34;wet/shoe&#34; compartment is the best because I can put my sweaty clothes and towels in there and they don't mix with anything else, and they ALL FIT in that space!!  I can put my gym clothes, my work clothes, and all the stuff I need to be ready for work after the gym.  It's perfect!", "I love how roomy this bag is, and the side pockets have proven very useful.  However, I was very displeased with the thinness of the material.  It looks and feels like it would rip very easily.", "Best Duffel I've owned. Use it everyday. It's light and holds a lot of stuff. Also washed it in the machine with no issues! Love it!", "Very pretty and nice quality Nike duffle bag. Shipped fast. Is durable and just the right size. Happy with my purchase.", "Good quality - very happy.  Worked well as a carry on for a two night trip.  Didn't have to check in a bag.", "kinda thin in my opinion.lets see if it lasts under frequent use.size is perfect (in no way a huge bag) can b used as cheap weekender or gym bag", "I love my new duffle bag. The pink is so cute and vibrant. And for it to be the medium its a very nice size. I use it as a traveling weekend bag and its very easy to carry whether its on the shoulder or u carry it by hand.", "I definitely love this color and bag design. I know my sister's going to like it as my early christmas gift to her.", "Awesome bag. Durable and versatile. Easy to clean. Also I have used it on about 3 long trip and no damage. Airplane  train and car travel", "Gift for someone, I have a smaller one for myself. Both look great and mine has lasted few years with no sign of wear.", "I use for the gym. I have everything pink. But this bad is amazing. It looks good. Great material and fits all my stuff.", "I gave it 5 stars because the bag has plenty of room for gym stuff.  The material is light, but durable.", "It is the perfect size. Wish it had more compartments, and more color selection, but I do recommend it for gym regulars.", "Excellent price for a top of the line bag. Great for the gym, travel and what ever else. Has become my man purse loaded with extra shoes , protein shakes, snacks etc. Love it!", "My husband loves this duffle.  He uses it primarily to go to the gym.  He's able to fit two full size racquet ball racquets, towels, extra clothes, sneakers, water bottle, etc.  He could probably fit triple that...  It's huge and very light weight.  Awesome bag - we're very happy with it and would recommend it to anyone.", "This bag is pretty tough and large enough for a full change of clothes and a basketball.  It's very popular on my son's basketball team.", "It could provide an additional compartment or two to separate items on inside or outside and perhaps a good shoe barn", "This bag is perfect for the gym. Its larger than expected!  Love the color too! Ships fast as well and reasonably priced", "I am delighted with the size and quality of my gym bag, but would like a place to put my damp towel after a workout. Dirty clothes conveniently go in one of the side compartments and my collection of shampoos,etc go in the other side compartment. therwise a great bag that I think will serve me for many years.", "Perfect size and true to color shown on site! My husband uses it everday for the gym. Could not be happier!", "This is a great bag. I couldn't have bought one like this anywhere else. It is perfect for carrying my child's gym equipment. She loves the color.", "Perfect size for basketball practice and overnight trips.  It can hold a basketball, a pair of shoes, and a waterbottle easily.", "Looks just like the photo and a great size duffel bag, could easily fit clothes shoes and other articles. Loved the price and quality as well. Pretty bright red!", "Nice looking, name brand, blue, what more can you ask for. Use it for the gym or for pick up games at the park. Can fit a basketball, more then one Gatorade, extra pair of basketball clothes, cell phone. All the thing needed for a gym rat.", "I had this bag for a abour 1 year and still looks and works great.. thinking about getting one more", "LOVE IT!!! such a sturdy bag to hold all my softball things and great quality for what it endures !", "I liked the bag a lot and got a lot of use from it for about a year in a half. I kept it in my car and over time the top began to peel off pieces of the material. Great size to fit my needs just wish I kept it out of my car now.", "I purchased this for my son in law and he loved it.  It was everything as detailed when I purchased it.", "I ordered this bag for my boyfriend for Christmas! He needed a big bag for all his workout gear and supplements. He practically lives out of it! Awesome purchase!! Very big duffle bag and fits plenty of stuff.", "I bought this for my GF and it was perfect the only thing is it was so much bigger than I expected", "We love this duffle, we have been looking for one for a while and my son loves it. Thank you so much.", "My husband uses this bag for the gym and for weekend travels. Good, durable material and zippers. My husband can finally get rid of his ripped gym bag.", "Great bag for all ages, but especially students on the run.  Very happy to see the shoulder strap padded.  Good job Nike, I am sure this bag will get lots of use.", "You can't imagine how much this holds. It is rugged and roomy very light.  Even when full not heavy to carry.", "The duffel bag holds all of my husband's gym stuff and is very sturdy. Both of my teenagers have this same bag and have not had any issues with the bag holding up, and they throw it around all the time like typical teenagers.  lol", "i HAD BEEN USING MY BACK PACK TO GO TO THE GYM - THIS WORKS SO MUCH BETTER - i LOVE THAT IT HAS A PLACE FOR MY SHOES. IAM HAPPY WITH IT", "If you don't carry more than shoes, a towel and gym clothes.  This is the right bag for you.  I wouldn't suggest getting a larger bag, unless, you are carrying sporting equipment with you.  Great bag, which I use every day!", "Was a little bit smaller than I thought it was going to be but it is a sturdy bag and it has worked great for what I needed it for", "Great quality, perfect size for the gym as well as carry on for air travel. Exactly what I expected from the description", "I love this bag it has plenty of space and i can fit my basketball and two pair of shoes in there , and its very easy to cary. i love this bag 100%", "This bag is perfect for sports, sleepovers, or just caring things around. It is the perfect size for a kid.", "Highly recommend this bag, great quality perfect size, and love the color (so girly). :)I receive LOTS of Compliments on this bag.", "Works perfect for my daughter and all her volleyball needs! Can fit food, blanket and all essentials in it!! Nice bag!", "Excellent Quality for the price!  The bag is very sturdy, and well made.  I would recomend it to others!  Just what I was looking for!", "I expected a canvass- like duffel bag that would maintain its structure and durability ; however, this bag is sorta flimsy and the material is really thin. this is not the type of bag that you can throw around or that will sustain as much abuse as a canvass bag. All that said, I still like the bag, the design looks really good and the side pockets are spacious. I would have loved this bag if it had an additional pocket (for keys, cell-phone/ wallet).", "Use it for coaching tennis. Inside pocket is good. the zipper sides are good too. Good quality and good price.", "Bought the nike bag just to go to the gym, but it has gone on 3 trips with me. Its the perfect size to use as a carry on!", "Great bag..the wife fits everything she needs to train..highly recommend this bag for those who workout and have lots of gear.", "Very happy with the product all around, holds a surprising amount of gear despite its seemingly small size.  Seems to be very durable so far, and has many separate little holding areas for various bits of gear.", "Great bag for the price.  Price was less then purchasing in the store. Holds all of my sons sproting equipment nicely", "Nice bag. Looks strong enough, the fabric is rather thin but feels robust. Takes lots of stuff. three more words required", "My daughter is a star athlete & she loves this bag!  This bag holds just about anything she can think of.  It's a quality product sold at a fair price & was delivered in a short amount of time.  Thumbs up all around on this bag, homies!", "a little high priced for  what it is nothing special not any more quality than a cheaper bag from a competitor", "The price was good it's good size holds up great my son has used this all school year and it still looks as if we just got it", "The bag is perfect for my son's karate gear needs as well as any extras that he has.  The color is perfect too.", "I love the bag and it is as described. However I have used the adidas duffel bags from the friend and those definitely felt a little bit more tougher and durable than this one. So I did consider them a better purchase even if they are a little more expensive.But this bag definitely looks a lot nicer. Is durable enough and since I bascially bought it as a laundry bag or long weekend trips it should hold me good.", "Very nice bag, my son loves it! Quality is good and the price is excellent..he uses this bag for gym in school everyday, totally recomend it.", "Good quality product. Seems to fit everything I need with some room to spare:- 1 pair of shoes- change of clothes- 2 water bottles- towel- jump ropes- wrist guards", "Nice bag with lots of room.  3 compartments are convenient, shoulder strap is comfortable.  I love the Blue and Black together.", "Purchased this duffel bag for my son who loves Nike. He uses it as a basketball bag. It can hold all his stuff and then some.It is the perfect size. Has pockets on each side to carry extra stuff. He loves it.", "I initially wanted to get this as a gym bag for my boyfriend. Read all the great reviews on the bag and decided to go ahead and make the purchase. Got to the checkout page and the total came out to $41.99. Found the same exact bag cheaper on ebags.com for a discounted price of $28.99 with FREE SHIPPING! So, I decided to cancel my order and bought the bag from ebags.com... Great bag, my boyfriend loved it for going to the gym purposes. However, check out other websites that may sell the same bag for a bit cheaper before you order yours on Amazon.", "Came at a great time and the durability is outstanding. i bought this for my husband since he needed a new gym bag. He said it was perfect, and a great size.", "Perfect size for your shoes and workout gear..I love the multiple pockets! And, if you love fuchsia or pink, this bag is for you!", "THIS IS A GREAT BAG WAS MORE THAN I EXPECTED LOVE IT AND USE IT EVERYDAY.I AM GOING TO GET ONE FOR MY FRIENDS ,WAY TO GO NIKE HATS OFF", "We bought this bag for my son as he is getting into more and more sports going into the 7th grade, he plays soccer, basketball and baseball. He loved the bag and it seems very durable for him.", "Perfect for daughters needs...she can fit all of her stuff in here while traveling. It is made good and is very durable.", "This is a very good bag. It just arrived. It is everything i wanted in my gym bag. The Medium is pretty big, so if you're contemplating the large, I'd say the medium is big enough. The zipper seems like it could be stronger but time will tell.", "my son was going to a family reunion that Thursday  night and it came that Wednesday  afternoon..Right on time and he loved it!! just the right size for everything to fit shoes and all!!!", "This bag is awesome.! I was looking for a larger duffle bag since my 24\" wasn't holding everything I needed. I had ordered the coldwater one for 14.99, but it smelled like a shower curtain liner for over a week. Back it went! After that I was afraid to order online because of the smell issue. I found a small sports store by my house and they had this one in stock. NO SMELL!!!  Big and roomy to boot. On each end the have zippered compartments which are good for shoes or wet towels. The handles are padded which is really nice. The bag is light to carry but seems very durable. Yes it was a lot more than the other one I ordered but totally worth every penny. Better quality construction, padding, compartments, and NO SMELL!!!!", "This is a great bag.  The only reason I didn't give it a five is because I would like a front outside pocket.  Other than that it is a great bag.  It fits in the locker easly and the zippers open smoothly. Room in this bag is not a problem. When i go to the gym I pack a towel, a sweat towel, shoes, jeans, shirt, underwear, swimming gear, shower gear, two water bottels (blender shaker type), flip flops and there is still room.  If you are looking for a gym bag this is one you should consider.", "Great sized gym bag. Fits my boots, uniform, towel, and lunch making trips to work easier. It is also very lightweight and dries off quickly. The only change I would make, if I could, would be adding a couple more small pockets for things like keys, wallet, cellphone etc. There is one pocket, but it only has a velco closure.", "My son loves this bag. It is much larger than we thought, which we love.  He carries his sneakers, basketball, extra clothes, a towel his uniform and extra clothes around in this bag.  The seams and straps are very well sewn. I strongly recommend this bag to athletes and light travelers.", "Nice, large Nike duffle bag with separate zippered compartments on the side. Very pleased with size and overall quality of bag.", "comfortable grip, very nice color, big enough, item as described, good quiality and i would buy it again in case i need it without a doubt.", "My Grandson loves everything Nike so this was the perfect gift. He loves it. I think it's a nice heavy duty bag.", "I do too many 2-3 day trips where I want to carry on a soft bag, lots of regional airplanes in my life.After trying a couple different brands I grabbed this and I am very pleased.  The bag is well made and sturdy, the stitching appears strong.  Both the handles and shoulder strap are securely attached.  Most important to me is that there are many ways to creatively overstuff the bag without damaging it.The are separate pockets on each end.  One is vented so it's great for workout clothes.  They're also nice for holding the ziplock bags you have to pull out for airport security.I'd imagine that this is a bit large for a workout bag, but great for weekend travel", "Liked quality and size to go club with kids, not too big for short traveling for example. Arrived on time. All experience was ok", "This bag has made my life so much easier. I carry all of my gym stuff in it and still have room to spare.", "Perfect sized duffel bag especially for the gym! Not too big but not too small! Well worth the money and I love the color.", "This bag is a gift for my wife and she is really satisficed with this product. I am happy with my buy.", "I love this bag! I was a bit hesitant on purchasing it because of the reviews stating the odor, the size, and the quality but everything was quite the opposite for me! The size is perfect! I can fit a magazine, shoes, lifting straps, hooks, hoodie, and all my other wo gear and more in the bag. The bag doesn't have a smell and the seams are fine. I have no issues with the bag whatsoever! I love it!", "This is the perfect-sized gym bag - not too big and I love the bright pink color.  I would definitely recommend it.", "I am very happy with my purchase. This bag is the perfect size and is well manufactured. Thanks again Nike for making a great product as always.", "Very nice product and is pretty small but has quite a few pockets for you phone and to keep your money safe.", "I bought it for a secret Santa  gift exchange. The recipient was very happy with the item. Size is average and design is nice.", "The shoulder strap snapped off (the nylon band came clean away from the stitching) after 7 very light uses - just going back and forth to the gym, in the car.  Overpriced piece of junk.", "Quick shipping.  Nice size bag. I ordered this for my daughter to use for cheerleading.  The bag is the right size for teen not big and bulky", "My daughter picked out this bag.  It's perfect for her, not too big or small to hold what she needs while traveling to her softball games.  She just loves it!", "Received my Nike Duffel bag.  So cute.  It's just the right size for my work out gear.  Love the color.  Shipping was PRONTO!  Thinking about getting it in another color.  I love the front zip storage for misc. items.  Great selection.  If you exercise and go to they gym this is a great little fashion statement.", "Bag is great. It's small, but you can fit a lot in it. Perfect for an every day gym bag and even an overnight bag.", "i love this bag it's perfect size to bring what u need to the gym and be stylish i love nike so it's a show of for my gear lol.", "Beautiful, vibrant color. Sturdy bag. My daughter uses it for all her heavy books for school. Great quality and not a ginormous bulky gym duffle bag. Perfect for women.", "My wife and I were looking for a small bag to take to the gym. I just got this bag and I'm going to order another for her. Its the perfect size for us. I can fit my shoes, belt, shower bag and underclothes comfortably with plenty of room left over. It has some form to so its easy to pack/unpack. One note the material seems a little light weight so I'm not sure how it will hold up, but so far I think its perfect!!", "Was the perfect color and brand for my grand daughter and the price was great. Fast shipment great overall communication", "This bag is petite and fits me very well. Holds my shoes and change of clothes. Has only 1 pocket inside so keeping all my things organized is a challenge. I am very satisfied with the bag!", "I love the colour of this bag, it is really nice and it may not look like it could hold much at first, but it has a good bit of space inside.", "This product looks awesome and is perfect for going to the gym. I was able to get everything into it and had some extra room. Great buy!", "The product it's exactly as described, I bought this bag to take to Gym and I like it, it does the job. I recommend it.", "It's nice and what I wanted! I love it but I really wanted it to have more compartment! Other then that it's great!", "Really nice and great size for my kid. Ideal for school, P.E. and the gym. It had space for wet clothes.", "this bag is light and breathes well.  I now wish it had more pockets, as it only has one small one on the inside and the outside zipper.  great buy to hold some shoes and clothes", "Perfect size for the gym.  I can fit my running shoes, water bottle, socks, change of clothes, body wash, and a large 1 gal. Ziploc bag with various accessories.  I wish the outer pocket zipped from both sides to create better control of whats in it (like the top zipper).  Overall, I am very happy with it.  Its roomy and does what I need it to do.", "Great quality.  Size is perfect.  I do not want to use my old giant gym bag anymore. This fits everything perfectly.", "I love the bag. The size is perfect for my water bottle, towel, gym book, and other things I might need.", "I was looking for an attractive sports bag to carry my golf shoes, and I found it!  The price was perfect.", "I take this bag to the gym in the mornings and then carry it to work with me.  It's the perfect size for one outfit + an umbrella + plus whatever misc. work stuff I have.  Seems durable so far, just what I was looking for.", "The Product was great! Not too big or small either. Just the perfect fit. I'm giving it as a gift to my bestfriend. She's in 4 sports. Student's Run L.A, Cross Country, Soccer, and Softball. The bag has a great amount of space inside without looking like a big bag or a small bag, you can fit a lot of things such as shoes, clothing, another shoesxD ...  and many more! And I'm pretty sure my betfriend will love this!:D ... hopefully^.^ , but I love it. Imma buy more in the future>;D . I Would totally recommend it^.^", "Strong enough, well made, big enough. I bought it as a B-day gift for my wife, and she loved it.", "I purchased this for my daughter approximately 2 years ago and it gets used A LOT! I ordered this one because she's very tiny and needed a bag like this, just like all of her team-mates had, but not as large as most of them come. She now uses it three days a week for dance, so its used a lot still.  I can't believe how well it has held up. Great seller, as well. You won't be dissapointed.", "Good bag fits what I need for gym. Doesn't look big either to carry, nice and stylish no matter where you go.", "I had ordered this same duffel bag in a different color for myself and I loved it so I also ordered one for my husband in black.  It is the perfect size for everything you need to take to the gym.", "Purchased this for my husband. I can fit all his clothes and his shoes without having to cram everything together. Good quality and material. No problems thus far. Very happy with the purchase.", "it is the right size for my gym needs.  however, it only has one pocket while I was looking for more pockets/compartments so that I could get better organized.  I would be willing to pay for more if they add more pockets.", "fast shipment i love the color as well. i am just a bit concern on the material it doesnt look that durable.", "It's a good bag to hit the gym. However, if you need to have separate compartments for all your stuff (phone, wallet, etc.), this might not work for you. It's really limited on this aspect. But all in all it's really comfortable to take on.", "The color and size are great. Perfect for carrying all gym necessities for after work/school. The small pocket inside is perfect for valuables and the front pocket is a good size too.", "This bag is a perfect fit.  It's not too big and not too small.", "Nike Brasilia Duffel is good for the price.  It was smaller than I thought which is awesome since I was looking for a compact duffel i can carry around to work, gym, tennis without it getting in the way while walking through doors and corridors.  Stitching is clean and construction is sturdy.  Design is simple and can fit most essentials.However, if I were to recommend anything to the designers of this bag, it would be:1.  Please add more storage compartments - I usually carry my phone, wallet, money and small toiletries in this bag.  Everytime, I open the side pocket, everything spills out.  Also, since this is usually used with sports, there needs to be a compartment that may allow storage for a water bottle.2.  Perhaps some padding for the shoulder strap -  although this doesn't cause any discomfort at all, it maybe more comfortable when carrying this thing for longer distances and with heavier weight.Otherwise, this duffel bag is perfect for everyday use.", "Perfect for my 10 year old basketball player! I didn't want a HUGE bag that would be a burden to carry and look sloppy! Great colors to pick from and wonderful quality!", "Time will tell if this bag is worth it but so far so good. Just wished it had more pockets. Overall, it's serves it's purpose.", "Very attractive looking bag.  My tennis shoes will fit in the outside zippered compartment with some manuevering (or can put shoes inside).  There are no other pockets on outside of bag.  There is one pocket inside to put cell phone or smaller items.  On one upper end of bag, there is a mesh vented area to allow for ventilation but otherwise the bag is solid all the way around.If you carry alot of misc. stuff to gym, this may be too small.  But, it will easily hold a change of clothes, shoes, water, and still have room for other paraphenalia.  The interior of the bag is black.I love the size but more outside pockets would be nice.", "Love it, it's cute and small, fits lots of stuff, the pocket in the front comes in handy, very useful!", "This was a gift for my hubby and he loved it!  the perfect size.  The picture makes it look a like navy but the whole bag is black.", "Perfect size bag for the gym. Carries everything you need and isn't too big and bulky. Very happy with my purchase. Only complaint is about the seller. I paid $37 plus shipping for the bag and the tag when I got it said $25. Why mark up the price?", "I love this bag. It's small but perfect for my work out gear! I can take a change of clothes in it too! Perfect compartments for my heart rate monitor and toiletries. Love it!", "X-small duffel bag was the perfect size for my gym care. At first I thought it would have been too small but it was just right. Ventilated side is good for shoesand sweaty gears. Unbelievable spacious. Looks very cool.", "Gave this to my girlfriend for the gym and she loves it. Good size and nice quality. Expands to hold a surprising amount.", "QUICK SHIPPING AND PERFECT SIZE. IT FITS AT LEAST ONE PAIR OF CLOTHES, PAIR OF SHOES, WATER BOTTLE, HEAD PHONES, IPOD, IPOD ARM BAND, TANNING LOTION, KEYS, ETC.", "Got this for my dad for Christmas, he goes to the gym every day but always carries his towel and change of shoes/clothes or puts his stuff in a GROCERY BAG! I couldn't believe it, haha. He's a big Nike fan, so I bought him this and he loves it! Very durable and great size.", "Absolutely love my bag. Bigger than I expected and holds all the things I need to change for the gym including shoes and water. Great price and fast shipping.", "I love this bag. I fit my spin shoes, towel, water bottle, almost my whole yoga mat. I don't mind the mat sticking out. Since I'm only 5&#34;1' this bag is the perfect size. The strap is adjustable so for a short person like myself I can wear it a little shorter. Still fits what I need without being too big or heavy. The bag itself is very light, and the color is gorgeous. Violet is vibrant without being neon.LOVE this bag!", "I looked for the perfect duffle bag for my son and I are our local stores,  but everything seemed to be way too big for what I needed.  I finally decided to look on Amazon and came along this bag.  I went back and fourth about it for a few days before I decided to order it,  and I must say  --  I am so glad that I did order it.  It's the perfect size for my sons stuff along with mine when we go to our local gym to go swimming.  It will also do nicely as a diaper bag in July when I am due with my daughter and I will still be able to fit my sons stuff in it as well.  I'm extremely happy with my purchase,  only thing I wish was different  --  I hadn't waited a few days to order it and JUST ordered the bag.  Also was delivered to my door about 5 days sooner then my expected delivery date.  Perfect order and everything.  Thank you!  (:", "Bought this for my son to use at basketball practice.  It is the perfect size for a few items but as other reviewers have noted, it isnt large and not terribly heavy duty.  Good for 2 or 3 items only.  And there is no space for a water bottle.  While one can fit inside, the bag is not tall enough for a bottle to stand upright.  Other than this, it looks good and has a couple of small pockets inside and has nice carry handles.  It holds my 10 year olds basketball shoes, sport goggles and light jacket.  Not much else.  Good for a young kid.", "The size XS bag is the perfect size for a trip to the gym. I can fit my tennis shoes, workout clothes, a change of normal clothes and a small makeup and toiletry bag in it.", "Is the right size for the gym, the color is beautiful also. I dont give a 5 because i wanted to have a pocket for water, something that I did not realize when I bought it and i dont specify to put the invoice outside because my shipping company need it, i dont know why. Besides that is a great item and i recommend buying it.", "This duffle bag was smaller than my purse. Couldn't use it as a gym bag at all. Better for kids' travel bag for toys.", "I only wish it had 2 zippers on the front compartment. Other than that it fits my needs perfectly for gym", "The color is bright and the bottom is soft. My daughter loves this pair of sandals. She could not wait to put them on.", "I absolutely love these sandals. I bought two pair of them on a whim for my little girls to wear on vacation. We went to Fl. and of course did a ton of walking. These bad boys were def. our go to shoe. They not only look super cute but were amazingly comft. So conft. in fact, that my girls didn't complain once. Trust me that is a huge feat for them and their shoes. Norm. that's all they do is complain about their feet. We are going on vacation again this summer and you better believe we are taking another pair for each of the girls again this year. They also wear great too. I was able to pass them on to another family member who has a younger daughter. As much as my girls wore theirs last summer it's amazing to me that they were in good enough shape to hand down. If you can't tell already by my glowing review(you might be slow;)) I def. give these Nike sandals two big, fat thumbs up!!NIKE SUNRAY ADJUST 4(GS/PS) BIG KIDS/LITTLE KIDS 386520-600", "They are very comfortable, ideal for sports, running, walking and walking in the countryside. I recommend them. I love its design", "My 9 yr old loves this shoe. He says they are very comfortable & the size was true to what we ordered. Seems well made as I would expect from a Nike.", "Can't beat Nike shoes, and my 12 year old son really likes the Dart -- the colors aren't too bright, go with a lot of clothes and can be worn every day.", "Very comfortable shoes! My son is really happy with them.They are very light and the color matches with most of his clothes.", "I wish they had a half size in this product.  That would have made it fit perfectly.  My son loves it though.", "IT FITS PERFECTLY AND IT'S COLOR IS SHINY AND FUN FOR KIDS. VERY LIGHT AND WELL MANUFACTURED. I RECOMMEND IT.", "My son wears this twice per week for PE, they have surely stood to the rugged wear and tear.  Happy with my purchase", "My Son LOVES these shoes! He wants to run and play tag with his friends and they are PERFECT for that. He is 10 yrs old and loves the look of them. They came so quickly and just as expected. VERY HAPPY!", "I purchased for my daughter and she loves them. she says they are comftorable and they look cute on her when she rocks her skirt and outfits... not too boyish with the color scheme.", "This is a great quality brand of shoe. I would buy this shoe again. Very comfortable. Looks great wearing them.", "This shoes from Nike Shox is OK.... Actually I didn't like the colors they have, it's more beautiful from the website.", "Well these Nikie's are very pretty & I think I would have loved them if I had of recieved the right size!!!", "You can't beat the comfort of these Nike thongs.  I wear Nike thongs all summer long.  I will be taking these with  me on my vacation in Jamaica.  They are great to slip off at the pool and slip into when you get out of the pool.  I recommend Nike Thongs to all my family and friends.  My daughter-in-law is also a fan.", "No offense, but every woman friends of mine loves it! This kicks goes great with jeans & khakiVery comfortable, and good ventilation for any stinky feet out there!", "I bought these shoes last week and have been wearing them quite a bit to try and break them in but they are just way to stiff and hard for my liking. This is a excellent looking shoe but the quality is typical Nike in my opinion. The leather stains easy and over all material quality feels cheap for a shoe that costs this much. I think the Puma brand shoes are much better made and much more comfortable.", "So awesome!  These are seriously the most comfortable shoes I've ever owned.  They are running shoes but I wear them all the time because they are so lightweight and comfy.", "I liked the colors but the cream/orange seem to be a bit brighter than I like but still good style.Size was right but most amazingly is how comfortable it feels.A great buy.", "Super comfortable shoes. Nice design as well.", "these things fit great and look pretty cool at the same time  very comfortable  now im just typing to fill the word count to post this", "These are super comfortable shoes. The color is nice and they look very nice. Feels like wearing socks when you have them on.", "Good looking shoe. Just not sure if it is legit as I don't see the Nike label details inside the show. Still the shoe fit well and I hope it lasts. Time will tell.", "they are very comfortable and they are nice looking shoesthey are perfect for gym or for walking around really comfortable", "Very comfortable, very stylish, great price. More comfortable than the nike free runs in my opinion. Looks good with jeans or khakis.", "Sure they look cool.  If they looked cool and fit well, they'd get a lot more stars.They don't fit well.  They are very narrow and the toe box is short.  And I have short toes.  That's saying something.  Do not recommend.  I returned them.", "I have bought these snickers and it was a great decision. No problema with the size, color or fit. Really a good deal", "I found a good deal on these shoes on Amazon. I had been looking for a pair of Air Jordan's for my son. He likes them very much. No doubt these shoes are great quality as you would expect from a pair of shoes from one if not the most famous line of shoes from Nike.", "For Nike there are not words. I think there are the better sport shoes that ever exists. I like it so much.", "These are great minimalist shoes. They feel like socks that have a rubber protective bottom. They let my feet 'feel' the ground when I run and they move with me. Very light and flexible. I love these shoes.The laces do look a little funny.  The way they are angled kind of makes it look like your feet are a little crooked. However, I love that their is no tongue.", "I splurged on these shoes when I had the chance because I was due for a new pair of Nike's and loved the color scheme. These shoes are amazing. They fit true to size and are a beautiful white and blue. I'm a Nike person (despite some of their prices) and I absolutely love these shoes. Theyre a great buy", "My daughter loves them. They fit prefectly and are really comfortable and fashionable. This type of shoes are not very common in my country which makes them even better.", "They are after one year of walking and couple runs almost in mint condition. They are very comfortable and not too pricey. My brother has the same but black and we love this shoes. Would buy these again.", "The product is just as described on line, and the shipping is so fast!It's very comfortable to wear these pair of shoes. They have the cushion on the bottom, and they are very light in weight.I really enjoy running with them. Besides, they look chic.", "Excelente camisa la tela es super fresca y es ideal para hacer correr o hacer ejercicio, la recomiendo 100% gracias", "Been wanting to purchase Nike shox for a few years but price was always a issue.  So when I found a pair on Amazon for 84.99, that was more then reasonable for me.  The merchant I order from was very quick on shipping I was quoted a week I received in under 2 days, very big plus in my book.  I put on as soon as I received and comfort was awesome.  So comfortable I now would consider paying the extra $, but here with Amazon u always find good deals.  I would recommend this merchant and Nike shox to anyone who asked.", "I found these sneakers to be inexpensive compared to the ones sold in the stores.  Received exactly as advertised/portrayed on the site.  Nothing short of a great quality and brand new as you would expect.  On time too so no complaints here.", "THESE SHOES ARE THE BEST. THEY ARE COMFORTABLE TO MY FEET. I HAVE RECEIVED COMPLIAMENTS ON THEM BECAUSE OF THE COLOR. I WILL BE ORDERING ANOTHER PAIR SOON.", "LOVE these shoes. They're so comfortable and the colors are hot too. I was reluctant about the price but then again, Nike always makes great shoes and I tend to get years of wear out of them.", "fits great, true to size. looks good, the 90's had the best sneakers. nike makes the best shoes & clothes. the shipping was fast and if you are a retro person these are for you.", "This is a great looking shoe, with good ankle support. Plus its not to heavy. The hyperfuse technology helps a lot in that area.", "I was very pleased with this purchase. The shoes are of excellent quality, very pretty (the color combination is really nice) and comfortable. Highly recommended!", "these shoes are a great fit and comfortable to wear.they are very supportive to.thanks for a great pear of shoes.", "This was a birthday gift to my son. he turned 12. He love the shoes and they are comfortable. Oh and I appreciate the vender getting them to me on time. nice shoes", "They are a bit heavy but , very comfortable and look good . First pair of Air's I ever owned that did not have a blown air pocket .", "I have the same and I love them. Other guys are commented on the style and color as nice all the time. They feel and fit great. At first, they were tight but, now I love them and they are so dam comfortable.", "been a fan of Griffey's for quite some time.......they fit perfectly around the foot and ankle.....worth every dime used for purchase", "Great shoes my son loves them . His second pair of this style. I think they are the nicest ones he had bought", "The shoe is very comfortable and goes with any white and blue shirt/hoodie. Good quality and mich cheaper than other websites.", "good fitting shoe and nikes always have the best support in them. u just cant spray these with water repellent spray", "I really LOVE my new NIKE SHOX NZ WOMENS RUNNING SHOES. Is an excellent product. I received my product as I requested. The product condition was perfect, as I wanted. Was an excellent choice. I suggest the seller.", "Quality ... it seems authentic.  I love it. Fits nicely!Cons:  Its a bit pricy, but that's everywhere with these kinds of team shirts", "had these in the og color when they were released in the early 90's. Fit like a glove, great quality.", "I Loved these shoes they look great and make me look fresh. My friends like them and i like how they dont crease cause of the material also love the classy basketball look this shoe represents.&#34;", "These are my new favorite baseball cleats!  Nike brand solid; these cleats are sturdy and comfortable.  I'm a size 13+, but these don't feel like boats on my feet.  Had my best tournament yet playing in these!", "it was for my son he loves it real awesome man fits well, boss sneakers man every young man should get one thanks.", "most comfortable shoe in the world!  use it at the gym or walking around.  the shoe makes you a little tall so watch out going hiking with it, cause you might tip over on a heavy slope.  good for walking on pavement or on hilly streets.  i go walking with these shoes most every day for 1/2 hour at a time and they feel GREAT!", "This Nike edition is the most comfortable trail show that I have ever purchased.  I have had problems finding Nike in widths, but did locate this one in, I believe, 2EE.  Without a doubt the most comfortable.", "I had other shoe brands....for a basket ball or all around walking shoe...this is the best..!High grip on court and walking..but.....it's  slippery on wet surfaces.,,caution..Other than that it is super comfortable!..it fits awesome for those who have wide feet.The regular Jordan's shoes,they have now, I can't get it too fit on my feet, too narrow.Comfort= A+......Grip dry= A+.... Grip wet= D- ......", "I bought this for my grand niece for Christmas.  She wanted a Michael Jordan sports bag.  Her mom and I liked the look of this one with the dynamic stripe.  It is a nice bag, but I was disappointed with the general lack of pockets. If I remember correctly, there is only one and the main cavernous section.  Two or three additional zippered pockets of varied sizes would have taken this from an okay bag to a great one.", "Besides paying $45 for a name, this bag has no bottom support. I don't like supporting boule negros but my seedlinz had 2 have it.", "Nothing spectacular. Decent gym bag but I'm not going to rave and say it's the best bag ever. If you just want something to carry your gym shoes and accessories this will work. If you want something fancy look otherwise.", "This product has a great weight for my kickboxing class. But the covering is not durable enough to handle that repeated kicks.", "These look great, and work great and I use them all the time. I am so happy with the quality and people have commended them for their style. I would recommend to anyone who likes good looking and high performing sneakers for all occasions.", "A great shoe and good looking too.  I would definitely buy these shoes again and recommend them to others. I'm happy", "altough the pictures looks great, these shoes are a bit chunky, maybe it's according to the size but they are chunkier than I would expect on low tops and I have many more jordans and this is the chunkiest even compared to my other high tops.", "Successfully completed the purchase. The shoes are excellent, I love color and design. Lunarswift + 2 is a good choice to run in a tropical climate, and make long runs.", "t-shirt was great it arrived very quickly and was packaged wellmy kid loved it.it was a great xmas giftthe shirt fit and looked greatthanks againwould buy from again", "This was a great pair of shoes! I love the colors. Nikes always run small, but I felt the 7.5 was too small. I needed to buy the size 8. I wish I had them now. Delivery time was good, the price was reasonable, the fit just didn't work.", "Little children do not need big backpacks so this is perfect for any age child, but perfect for primary age children.", "Fast service got it way before promised and the nike bag is perfect size for the things i need for the gym.", "Bought this gymsack for my 13 year old daughter to carry her track stuff in.  It is a good quality material and is exactly what she needed.  Looks great too!", "Bought this as a last minute gift for my son. He loves it and has retired his full size backpack for this gymsack. Excellent quality, fast shipping. Great experience.", "this was a gift for my boss....he loved it...came just in time to very very nice for the price! Looked everywhere for Nike bags as he is such a Nike fan & I loved the price as it wasnt too expensive..really recommend this seller & product.", "The sack arrived on time, excellent for taking to gym, my shoes and shorts fit well. That's pretty much all that fits. I felt it was a bit smaller than i would have liked.", "this backpack is actually really good, i always take it where ever i need it and its cool looking .", "love the pack , shipped promptly even with the long wait I was very pleased with the product when it got here", "This sack fits all the items that I need for my gym routine. I figured that a duffel gym bag was big and hefty to carry around, so this one is just perfect, lightweight while staying stylish. Fast shipping by the seller, excellent!", "I originally bought this for my husband to use to go to the gym but in the end I've been using it to carry my boxing gloves in and it's great! Was going to order myself one but my husband just told me to have his!", "Perfect for the gym. Holds my gloves, tablet, and headphones. Does what I need when I don't have pockets.", "item set as original but i doubt that it is. overall good as i dont expect it to be original.", "Just received the bag today, awesome bag, looks really sweet in all black with the white Nike logo, really stands out. Cant wait to use it in 2012!By the way this guys shipping is outstanding, its from NY.Thanks!", "got the niki black bag for my older grand son they come in handy for putty things in and he loves the bag", "This bag is just what I needed for my workout clothes and a pair of sneakers. The build is solid and the synthetic material is strong, so I know it won't tear easily. The straps are slim and are comfortable to carry (the bag doesn't have much weight in it any way). Perfect for my needs.", "This bag holds more than we expected for it's size.  The straps are not rope, like most of this type are.  Instead, they are a solid strap.  Much more comfortable!", "Great bag. I am usiing it to carry my dance shoes.  The bag is sturdy and roomy.  Easy to open and close.  Great for travel too.", "A good price for a great product. Stitching is very good and the bag seems to be made very well.", "Bought this gymsack for the greatest and most wonderful time of year: Back to school D: D:Anyways, its nicely made as its durable and pretty cool looking. Product top to bottom is 17 inches- its a good size but i imagined it a little bigger. Good product overall", "This is a great quality pouch.  I wanted to put my gym clothes and shoes in it, but ended up just being able to put my clothes in it.  I wish it was a touch larger.", "This is great. Its big enough to carry a lot of stuff i have been using a lot for anything. I like it very much. Awesome purchase", "Love this bag I use it for the gym,. I store all I need in my bag and I don't have to use a locker..a must buy", "Seems nice and of good quality.  Son is in the 8th grade and uses it everyday at school.  It seems pretty rugged and still looks great after approx. 4 months of use.  Good item", "The gymsack was purchased as a Valentine's gift for my daughter to carry her basketball shoes and clothing in.  She's 6 and her shoes & clothes fit with plenty of room to spare.  It seems well made and sturdy and the colors are great (school colors). I'm planning on purchasing one for myself eventually.", "This bag came in very handy on my 5 week trip.  It held a lot. The straps were comfortable. The only thing I would have liked to have added is a zipper pocket to enable ;me to get to frequently used items more quickly.", "Got this for a student who stuffs his book bag. It was priced well and shipped fast. The pack stood all the cramming of books until the end of school. A good purchase.", "Great product.  Very durable! My kids use this as a book bag since the traditional book bags won't fit into their small lockers.", "i bought this for my husband to carry with him to the gym. its big enough to carry his gym things yet light and easy to carry!", "This gymsack is exactly what i wanted. Was able to fit my gym shoes, clothes, car keys, and water bottle inside. The quality is really great, and sturdy. When i recieved the package, the item was a bit dusty, but i was able to brush it off. Great price for it's quality.", "I purchased a couple of these to use for vacation to carry flip flops, towels, sunscreen, etc. It worked fine. My pre-teen kids enjoyed carrying them, especially when traveling on long excursions, where they could bring along a snack and drink (and their iPods).", "I really, really like this bag, which I bought (in navy and in pink) for traveling. For my use, this gym sack is so much more convenient than a regular backpack, especially when you don't want to spend a lot of time undoing zippers.  When I fly, I usually pack a light sweater, magazine, e-reader, small snack, gum, etc.  Another great thing about this bag is that the shoulder straps are actually straps (and not just strings, like most other gym sacks) which means the straps don't cut into my shoulders.  I've used my bags for well over a year and both still look like new.  This bag is also great for carrying a sweatshirt if you're walking outside a lot and the weather changes.", "Bought this for my grandson who started to high school this fall.  Here it is Christmas, and the bag is still intact!  That says something, if you know anything about boys!More important, it is exactly what he wanted.  He loves it.  He's happy; I'm a hit, so I'm happy!", "Bought this for the wife to take to and from work. Says it works great and has enough room of shoes, clothes and iPod. Would recommend getting this", "I bought this for my son to use while on a trip.  It is a great bag to carry water and snacks and stuff while sight seeing.  It is not as a big and bulky as a back pack but gets the job done.It is a nice looking bag and is very durable.", "It's well made and the size is perfect for my stuff. I have a locker in the gym, so I just carry the stuff that I need to take home in this gym sack and the size is perfect fo my purpose.", "it is being used for a gym bag and has held up a lot better than the last one we got a walmart", "As always, Nike hits it right on.  Perfect size, perfect weight, just what a 10 year old needs going to basketball!!", "Love the bag! It is well made and looks cool. This is an improvement from the previous versions. The caring straps are wider to spread out the weight of the bag.", "the service was very fast and was really satisfied with the quality of the product...it was used for school and we love it!!", "I bought this as a backpack for my son at the begining of the year.  Six months later it is still in good shape.  Decent price, and stylish.", "My son needed a small bag for summer camp and I am very pleased with this one! Nice and sturdy!", "I was a little apprehensive purchasing this product because of the cheap price but when I received this for my son, he really liked it.  It was very well made and the straps on the bag are very strong.  I would reccoment this to anyone looking to purchase it!", "Great if your going on a jog or just going out for a couple of hours. Unlike its name it's not only for a gym.", "Good quality, nice bags to carry on long walks. Good size, not too big or too small. Bought two for niece and nephew.", "Love this got it for my boy friend as a christmas giftThinking about getting myself oneI would defiantly tell ppl where to buy this &#9829;", "The Nike bag is wonderful. Great material. Look is very attractive. Perfect size. It's exactly what i need for when i go play indoor soccer: i'm able to take my shoes, wallet, and water bottle in it.Highly Recommend, A+++++", "I'm using this product while commuting to the office. It's not fancy but very functional and meets all the needs it advertises.", "Wonderful,Great, Son very happy, Best One He Every Had. Now the twins wants a few for college. Thank You .. Price is very Low", "This shoe has the best fit every, normally shoe have that full of air look. Oh do this shoe come in more colors because I want another pair.", "Love the cotton and the thickness of these socks. Like the fact that they can be bleached if needed. Good to wear with tennies", "These socks are so comfortable to wear. They're really soft with cushioned soles, and they provide excellent arch support. I wear them for jogging and it feels like I'm running on clouds.", "I like these socks but they seem to run big - I am a women's size 9 so I thought the Medium would fit a little better :-)", "Ok, so Im a guy but these socks are great.  They have a good construction and are soft.  I hate socks that show over your shoes and these cover my feet very well, but are no show when Im wearing shoes.  These are great!Men and women alike should buy these.  Great socks!", "These shoes were comfortable and nice. About 2 months in the grip on bottom of shoes started coming unglued to date I have lost a total of 6  of the grip tiles on the bottom of shoe. Next time I would not spend so much on a pair of these.", "i odered these shoes a little before st. patricks day and i was so happy they arrived almost a week before they said they would get here, i was so happy!! the shoe it self i mean what can you say bad about Jordans there great shoes!!", "It would be nice if there was something to keep the shoes from rubbing together inside the bag (since my shoes are white), but besides that, it's a pretty good bag to store my golf shoes in.", "I was very lucky to find these shoes. This colorway is hot and the shoe is very comfortable. Great to play basketball in or just wear them with a pair of shorts. The flywire makes it light and the 360 Air Max makes it ultra comfortable cushioning every step you take. Definitely a great purchase.", "I work at a job that requires you to be on your feet all night so I needed a shoe to be able to keep my feet comfortable. These aren't the best, but they do support the feet and ankles. They do feel sort of like platform shoes. (Just a little  bit) but they are still comfortable. I LOVE the colors and will probably be buying the white/black ones next.", "They are magnificent shoes are a beauty design and color are excellent recommend them to everyone, and the price is best of all", "This shoe was delivered within 3 days so I got it before christmas and it was a nice looking shoe but one of the shoes had  a stain on it but overall it was a nice purchase", "These shoes have held up well. After a couple of months, I have machine washed 2-3 x's and they clean up great. My son says they make him faster :)", "At the beginning these shoes looks red but actually there are bright pink but in those shoes looks amazing. Precisely in all the details and design.The boy, who received as a gift, loved it.", "really very very cute. it is similar what it was on picture,just colors are brighter. i like this! size is the same, and it is very suitable. i love this \"shoes\"", "It was a birthday gift and he love them so much. And I was very happy I give them an A+", "Initially, i bought this shoe because it was cheap.But we I got it, it looks better in person than the photos i have seen over the net.I'm glad i got this shoe and this is one of my fave Js ever..Highly recommended!", "I wear size 13 but these shoes are one size smaller. I compared them with another running shoes of size 12 and they are identical. Rather then that the shoes look OK. I expected more cushion though.", "My husband loves these shoes more than anything I have ever gotten him, so that says a lot, Thumbs up!", "My son's feet hurt a lot.  Now he uses it to walk and jog.  He said it is great and comfrotable.", "I bought these sneakers for my son and had them shipped to his home. He loves them, and he received them lightning fast!", "i have other pairs of the nike retro and i think i like the way those look a little better. these are definitely more comfortable though", "I was super excited to get these shoes! I ordered them around week 15 of my pregnancy thinking it would be really nice to have a very supportive shoe to wear to work. Besides, this is what all the nurses are wearing right? Well, they just aren't very comfortable. I wore them for about three weeks before I realized they weren't going to \"break in\" and be comfortable. I still wear them anyhow, as I spent so much on them, and I think they look nice. Primarily there just isn't any padding or give to this shoe. They are hard on the feet, especially the heel! After wearing them for about three hours or so my feet are killing me, and I know it's not just the pregnancy because I have other shoes that don't hurt my feet at all. These could definitely be improved by adding some padding to the soles.", "My son likes them for comfort. I like them for durability and the fact that white sneakers go with everything. They clean up pretty well, too!", "Great fit, beautiful shoes.", "Perfect tenis shoes my toddler loves it, real nike brand, so comfortable, nice design, real air buble, all the quality of nike in this product.", "My son actually still wears these shoes. They are still in very good shape. Maybe I will purchase more in the near future.", "I ordered these for my son at his request. He loves them! They fit him perfect. He wears them often and he says they are very comfortable. They look very nice and the quality is excellent as should be expected with a Nike product. As much wear and tear as he puts on them they are still in good shape. I would highly recommend these.", "Ordered them for my daughter who is only in the 8th grade and runs track at school.  They worked perfect for her!", "All my children wear Nike, I think they are the best made shoes.They last long and endure a lot of rough and toughness.", "they are cute and comfortable. I bought them to start running and my feet haven't hurt or gotten blisters or anything. these shoes are great.", "These shoes were a must have.  I am happy I have small feet because I was able to purchase kids size and it didn't cost as much as it could have if I bought it in my regular size.", "My son of 12 years old just love themlight weightnice colorvery comfortableare just as shown in the picture", "Probably the best running shoe I have owned so far. Comfortable and lite. Ran a pb in them over 5km.", "Bought Nike Women Zoom. Since I had Hammer toe surgery, I needed a wider shoe in the toe area to accommodate the inserts. This shoe is good, roomy and comfortable. I do 6 miles a day on my treadmill and need a reliably cushioned shoes. Very pleased.", "Without a doubt, the most comfortable work out shoe around today!  I wear them for cross training and they provide stability in addition to the feeling of walking on air.  Thanks Nike and Amazon!!  :)", "I LOVE LOVE LOVE these shoes.  They feel like you are wearing nothing at all.  They are lightweight almost like air and cushioned with tremendous support. I have trouble finding shoes to wear in a department store on concrete all day long but these were great on the feet and the all black shoe looked nice with dress pants.  Now, I want a pair in each color!", "These shoes are awesome.  They fit perfectly, feel like you are wearing air AND are very durable.  Super flexible sole too.Not sure what the person who said they are too big was talking about.  Must have gotten the wrong size.  I always wear an 11 to 11.5 depending on the shoe and I bought these in the 11.5 size.  I also have feet on the narrow side and these work well.  Not too wide and don't gap when I sinch the laces.", "Most comfortable shoes I've had in a long time.  I wear 9.5 in almost all shoes and ordered the 9.5 in these.  Fits like a glove.  This shoe is so lightweight but offers so much support.  Flexible sole is amazing!!  I think they look nice with dressy jeans and pants.  But, the main thing is THEY FEEL SO GOOD!!!  My feet never hurt at the end of the day, nor is my back tired.  Can't recommend them highly enough!", "I loved the color, they are so comfy. I got these sneakers for crossfit and they totally fit great. I recommend these sneakers.", "I bought these shoes for my daughter and she liked :) very comfortable!! I will buy the same style for me!!", "These are the most comfortable sneakers I have ever bought. These nike sneakers are fashionable too and every time I wear them I get compliments.", "These are my second pair of Nike Free in black, love love love them! So light and comfortable. I wear them for work everyday in the black...and have them in other colors for the gym too. fit nicely too, true to size!", "Shoes are very comfortable, cute and runs true in size. Light weight and flexiable. I like for excersing and walking.", "The shoes arrived quickly, the box was undamaged.  The shoes fit and feel good on my wife's feet, she has worn them now for a couple weeks and now her feet dont hurt after walking 2 miles.  Very happy.", "My wife is thrilled with her Christmas gift.  She said the very first time out she was able to do he 5 miles with out changing.  Any runner knows that this is a rare occurrence in a new shoe that has never before been worn.Once again the amazon supplier out preformed my expectation.Keep up the great job.Just Dave", "I love my lady Nikes use them all the time during workout. Lightweight nice color. Quality I expect from Nike", "Great shoes - exactly what I expected.  I only use them for occasional jogging on either a treadmill or pavement.  I'm only a fair weather runner and not hard-core by any means so these worked fine for my purposes.", "I love these shoes and thought the price on line was great!  Great fit, great comfort and I appreciate the help with my high arch.", "So comfortable, I love it! Exactly same as the pictures here. Just like it say. Fit+Support+Conformatable!!! But the color choice is too limited!", "I bought this for my boyfriend and it was the first time buying sneakers on Amazon so I was very nervous. I am happy to say that I am very happy with the whole transaction. It was shipped quickly, the item was exactly as described new in the box and my boy friend is very happy with his sneakers :) I definitely recommend this item", "I loved mine.  However, I paid $21.99, not $499.00.  I would say I would never pay $500 for shoes.  However, mignt be great for someone with lots of discretionary income!", "I tried these thongs at my daughters while visiting.  You put your feet in them and its heavenly.  I bought a pair right away, since I have severe back problems the strap were not tight enough in the size I bought so I gave them to a friend, who fell in love with them.  They are great.  I will try smaller size.", "Love the product and the service was great.  Most comfortable pair of slides I've every put on. Love the cushioned insole.", "Did you people really pay $490 for these flip flops.  I love the look and they look comfortable and they have my size, but there's no way I would pay that - unless outlined in diamonds!", "I purchase an extra pair or pink laces, to ad more fun to them. they are and feel amazingly good.", "The shoes were already laced up (instead of having the laces looped) and the laces were of different lengths.  This would lead one to think that perhaps the shoes had been tried on or even worn by an earlier purchaser.  Otherwise, the shoes are great!  That's why I ordered them.", "I run at least 3 miles three times a week, and these initially, were a bit stiff.  However, after I wore them a couple of times, they were the best!!  I could run these for miles, and remained comfortable & full of support!", "A really great shoe and quick delivery! I didnt think i would like the yellow but it actually works really well and its not overdone! Commfy too! :)", "man this shoe is amazing it's like wearing a sofa , walking , running is feel same also for me as a FAT person 135kggoo and buy it", "I really liked them based on the picture, but i actually thought they were white. I guess I didn't read the description close enough to realize they were a light gray. If I didn't already have 2 pair of gray shoes I would have most definitely kept them. They fit great and looked great!", "Can't say too much about this super comfortable shoe. After wearing Merrill and Patagonia, these were so much better>very comfortable cushioning and true to size. Cannot recommend to much! As always, great service from Amazon!", "These fit very well.i sometimes take a 12.5 in air max range but took a 13 in these and they fit just right.if you've had nike free 5.0 then I would say a very similar fit.They're very comfortable too and look great.", "My son wears these as everyday sneakers and loves them I would recommend them for the quality and fit it perfect", "great product, confortable, wear those shoes with ipod touch is so cool, i recommend for all runners you can walk everytime,everywhere all day long.", "The most comfortable pair of shoes I've ever wore, very warm considering the weather here (9000 f.a.s.l.) i would recommend them", "These have been a good shoe so far. I'm training for a marathon, so i have many more miles to go. Longest run has been 14 miles and they felt great. I have an usually high arch and these shoes provide a comfortable yet stable ride for me.", "These shoes are OK but certainly not worth the $94 in my opinion. I'll wear them out to get my $$$'s worth but I liked my older Nikes a lot better..", "I moved from NB to these Lunar Glide models and they are much lighter on my feet...not even wearing special inserts anymore.", "Got my 1st pair at Stanford Shopping center because it was light weight and looked nice.  I was so impressed that I got a second pair on Amazon to save another drive to Stanford, so I can delay the wear on my original pair, and for a discount on Amazon.  I have worn it for over 6 months for both work and for exercise, with unchanging comfortable support and no evidence of wear (in support).  Compared to other shoes that hurt my low-arch feet after a long day, these are very comfortable at the end of the day.  Also noticeably very breathable so my feet feel relative cool when exercising.  I plan on getting a 3rd pair for indoor exercise use only.  Not the most expensive but the most comfortable Nike running shoes I've bought.  Definitely worth the money!", "Really cant go wrong with any Nike shoe, very comfortable and it looks good. Had a lot of people compliment me on the shoes...", "I made the mistake of getting these instead of another pair of Nike Free Runs. These were the stiffest pair of running shoes I've ever owned with no cushion and no flexibility. I've only put about 90 miles on my Lunarglides and they're headed straight to the Goodwill. These shoes are garbage. They take the joy out of running. I don't recommend these for anybody unless you're a masochist trying to find some way to damage your knees.", "Great shoe! I do 6.5 m 3 times a week - in hilly terrain and I love em! 250lbs. 6 foot 1- they can take it. 4th pair of Nike Lunarlon shows- I have a pair of Lunar Eclipse 2's on the way- they are supposed to be a bit plusher- we'll see how they compare in another 500!", "I have been a runner all of my life and have tried just about every brand of shoes.  I had given up on Nike about 10 years ago but decided to give them a chance after talking to a guy in the gym about the Lunarglide.  These are great shoes.  I had purchased a custom pair from the Nike's website to get them in the 2EE width.  I am a little hesitant to recommend the shoes just because they are made for a particular runner and they may not fit you the way they fit me.  I am a neutral runner, who strikes with my heels and rolls.  I will say that they are light, comfortable without creating any hot spots, and well built.  I am getting ready for my 12th marathon and these are going to be the ones I am training and running the marathon in.", "I just ran around the Jamaica Pond and i havent had a better running shoe. They are really comfortable and look awesome too.", "Very cool comfortable.  Great price.  shipping was quick.  People dig the flashy red when you are wearing them out and about.Like them alot.", "Great fit and style! I love the lunar line and these shoes are no exception.  The shoes look great and feel amazing on.", "I have had a lot of Nike shoes in the past, and while I have always liked them, but these seem more durable that past pairs I have owned.  4 stars instead of 5 only because I wish there were a few more color combinations to choose from.  I don't mind this scheme, but felt like I settled because otherwise they were the best pair I found for the money in my size.", "I have used this shoe for 4 years now. It has been updated to a new model but theses 3's are the best in my mind. Getting harder to find these!!! Great shoe for trail and road running.", "I must say i tend not to run in Nike shoes. I was bit skeptical when the Lunarglide+3 came out, but i had heard rumors that this was a pretty good shoe. I decided to give it a try. True to Nike, it had all the flash and bling that Nike is known for. But to my delight, the shoe is pretty solid. I started running this shoe on a treadmill at my local gym. It felt really good. It has solid cushioning and an ample toe box. I figured it would double as a good all around shoe for the gym. The more i ran, the more i really liked the feel. I took it out for a trail run and i was just as impressed. If you are looking for a great all around shoe that also rocks running, try the Lunarglide+3. It exceeded my expectations.Pro'sFlashy and got Bling factorGreat for the gymSoft cushionSolid constructionCon'sNot really lightAirflow could be improved through out the shoeNot a fan of the shoe laces it came with", "The cushioning in these shoes is great. I think they are the most comfortable shoes I've ever worn. Very happy with them.", "very happy with my selection, will order again when I need new ones but not till then I am a man of not to many words", "fantastic shoes, i just love it!! i have a lot of time using it everyday, running and going to the gym, and still like the first day!", "Fast order fullfillment and shipping.  Items was shipped as describe. Sneakers feel great and look fantastic. I love them! I ran with these shoes and the cushioning does it job.", "This is my first Nike running shoe and I must admit they are the best running shoes I ever had (I've already used asics, new balance, brooks products ). People that like me are heavy (about 95kg) will defenetelly benefit. I'm getting a second pair.", "It's comfortable shoes, super light, very nice for running and training. Good quality. I bought the pair for my son and he loves those.", "So I wish I had some warning--so here's yours.  These shoes have a LOT of support in them.  I tend to go running about every day, and I pulled these out of the box on Monday (today is Thursday) and I'll say I was thinking of giving up after Wednesday--my shins were sore (not shin splits... just sore) and I found myself trying to figure out what was happening with all of the muscles that I apparently hadn't used for over a year while running in my old shoes.  4 days in, there's no turning back-these are great shoes !  Light, breathable and easy to throw on and just go.  I'm coming from 2 straight pairs of KSwiss Tubez and while I liked those shoes, I'm realizing now how flat I was running and how much I was running on my heels--no bueno!Here's what the first week looked like (from nikeplus... not the most accurate from a distance perspective, but still a good barometer):Monday: 4.6 mi in 37:18... ran some long intervals.  Lots of lower leg tightness.Tuesday: 5.0 mi in 39:21... decent pace but SORE afterward.  Last 15 mins were 1 min walk, 4 min run intervals to let my legs rest.. ouch!Wednesday: 3.5 mi in 32:06.. by far the worst run. Crappy intervals, long walk at about 20 mins.  Getting better at the end, but still a crappy run.Thursday: 5.7 mi in 45:47 - pretty much my normal run.  Comfortable, smooth and well paced.Like any shoe--give it a week if you can.  If you've got the right type of shoe and it's not overly painful, it's worth it to give it a shot.", "Hey, this is an excellent shot, good design, I really like the colors but the most important thing, it is versatil, very usefull u can really feel the difference. every runner should have one in his closet", "Great shoe for a kid who does it all. He wears it everyday, plays basketball, runs every morning and wears it to work.", "It's light, and looks good for my run training. I still need to run some more but I believe I got a perfect one for my needs.", "The most confortable shoes you can buy. It's a lovely experience for running because it protects your feet and your knees.", "This shoe is very comfortable to walk and run in. I am 110kg and it has the cushioning my body needs when running.I cannot comment on durability, but so far so good.", "Bought these for my son, had good reviews.  He really likes them. He said they are very comfortable and wears them also casually.", "I would say it is a good shoe you dont feel the ground when running after you break it in people tell me it does not look like a running shoe they dont believe me when i tell them. the price is ok, you  know nike", "Ive just got these Lunarglide+ 3 and have used them for a week.So far Ive used them at the gym once, a one hour walk, a 20min average running tempo in the treadmill and a 10 min fast tempo intervall on the treadmill, as well as 10 min or so on a crosstrainer. (Im about 5'10 175 pounds and exercice 2-4 times per week, normaly a mix of gym and cardio).Positive: Feels very light, good support for pronation, good heal cushioning, fits snugly/well on the foot, very good looks (I think), overall comfortable, true to size (compared to what I usually wear)Negative: Not good arch support (Ive got extremly high arches, for these I would need custom insoles), narrow in the toe-box (the outside of my two smalles toes falls on the edge of the insole), the cushioning in the front part of the shoes not as good as in the heals (compared to other shoes Ive used).Verdict: Overall the shoes \"feels\" very nice, significantly lighter than my old ones, noticable when running especially. Should be good for moderate over pronators with reasonably narrow feet not needing too much arch support.", "Feels true for size, comfortable. Using for tredmill jogging and so far very happy. Do not know what else to say.", "Amazing qualtiy got it within 2 days!! My 4 year old son loves them and size is perfect to the fit!! Would definately buy again!!", "Exactly what my son asked for. True to description. A perfect fit. The price was right. Would recommend these classic sneakers.", "Bought these for my boyfriend - what a great purchase!Color may be a little off - but other than that they're great!", "My son couldn't decide on which Nike High top sneakers he wanted to get.  He finally decided on this one.  He loves it.Great purchase.  I would recommended it highly.", "They are good for my son. He is very happy with them. They are very nice and comfortable. I recommend it.", "Nice pair of Kicks With some gray skinnies they will look even better I have yet to wear except for trying them on Hope they last long :)", "love these shoes, they shipped fast too! This is actually my second pair. The first pair lasted me for a year and i wore them almost every day!", "My daughter-in-law really likes the sneaker. Seems to fit true to size and is well made. I recommend them. Good color.", "I have two pairs, one for work in a hospital where I walk all day long, and one for at home working out.  They're lightweight, fit nice, grippy, and well ventilated.", "Even though the color description of this shoe is incorrect, the shoe fits great. Comfortable & great price. The actual color is Black midway & red thru the back. The shoe i received is A much better looking shoe. The price is unbeatable.", "My brother wanted to buy these shoes at a retail store but couldn't find his size. Checked amazon and they had his shoe size. The shoes are amazing and resilient.", "Great running shoe!  Very light and the feet do not get too hot.  Not much arch support if you need a lot... but once you start running it's not noticeable.  I like the fun colors that are offered too.", "My daughter bought these shoes for running.  She loves them. Says they're the most comfortable shoes that she's ever owned. And since she runs five days a week, she needed something that would hold up. So far, so good. She's very pleased with them, and was thrilled when they arrived only days after she ordered them. We would recommend!", "I love this sneakers, they fit great and are very confortable. They look great with everything, gym or running around", "This run very small i am a size 8 and in this i am a 9 and a half, otherwise this are great comfortable, flexible and cute", "Excellent quality, delivery was on time. The shoe is very comfortable, great ankle support, but they are for indoor play not to play outdoor", "Good!", "He was very happy with the shorts!  Great Christmas present.  The red was a good choice because it works with his favorite football team colors.", "I love these shoes. They're comfortable and the color matches almost perfectly to what is described. I also received them in a timely fashion.", "Service was very good but since I can't wear them due to needing and not being able to afford knee replacement...I wish I hadn't purchased them.I bought them because I was able to wear NIKES very similar two years ago and even ran in them but knee deterioration is making it useless to spend money on any shoes except MBT's.", "I love the shox by Nike!! Been wearing them 4ever!! I have flare up of planter facitis and heel spurs and these shoes really really help!! I wear them to cosmetology school also where I do a lot of standing and my feet don't hurt!!!! AMEN!!!", "I received this purchase well package and delivered timely as the seller promised.  Once I worn these Nike Shox roadster, I am more than please with this product.  The fit, look and durability of this product, I am more than satified.  I highly recommed this product if you are looking for a good walking/running shoe.", "i liked the design of this show bought it and it fit great!! i want to buy anotehr as theo ne i bought got trashed", "The shoes arrived 2 days earlier than expected which was great!  They fit him really well and have a lot of cushion in the soles.  He spends 10-12 hours a day on his feet and walks a good 10-15 miles everyday.  So far he is really happy with them.", "These shoes are awesome.  They look pretty hot and they're really well ventilated - important in Tennessee where it's 97 degrees with 127.3% humidity. Im thinking my next pair of running shoes will be the same style in a different color.", "This is my second pair of these! It's like running on air! They are very light weight and a great fit!! Highly recommend them!", "Very good shoe. I run about 10-12 miles a week in these shoes. I have been wearing them for a few months so far and they are still very stable.  Also very light weight and breathe well.", "I LOVE THESE SHOES!!! I scoured the internet for this older version and I'm so happy to have gotten my hands on them. They cured my shin splints and guarantee comfortable running. I really hope the latest models will compare once I have to buy a new pair..", "I have flat feet and am always looking for well cushioned. lightweight workout shoes. These were recommended by DVD instructor Jessica Smith in her blog. Well, they are wonderful. They have great arch support and cushion and work well for forward and lateral movement. Highly recommend these shoes!", "Love these running shoes.  Nice looking and have support.  I wish they still made them, but each year the style gets tweaked just a tiny bit.", "I was unsure at first because of the price but when i wore them! wow!! so comfortable and look great with everything. So happy i made this purchase!", "A nice lightweight, comfortable running shoe offering good support however some sections of the sole are glued on individually rather than being a complete mould and wore/fell off after minimal wear", "These shoes are great for walking in the gym, which is the use that I give them mostly. They feel soft and firm at the same time. When I walk it seems that I was in the air. The design seems very classic and beautiful at once. The color combination is beautiful and discreet. It has plenty of ventilation so that the foot does not sweat, as much as it has traveled. And the price seemed very good as well, given the quality they have. I recommend you buy it if you want to have a Nike footwear that provides comfort and relaxation while walking. Definitely in the future I'll buy another equal but different colors", "I was browsing on Amazon to find some new shoes for my dad for Father's Day. I found some shoes that I knew he would be completely in love with! But once I was completing the transaction it kept skipping the gift wrapping step, which is what I really wanted to do. I kept trying to get to that step, but it wouldn't work. So then I submitted it, and then it gave me more options, but not a gift-wrapping option. and that was the only complaint I had about the shoes. If you guys could just make it an option where I could have my items gift-wrapped, that would be great. Thanks.", "I am so in love with this pair of shoes.  The fit is perfect and they are very comfortable. I work out with a trainer and am starting to run, the shoes accommodate both activities.  Only thing was shipping seemed slow or maybe I was just too excited to receive them :)", "LOVE THESE SHOES!! I bought these after a friend gave them a great review and am SO happy that I talked to her about them! They are VERY comfortable - you may want to purchase 1/2 size larger than normal...I did that on her suggestion, and the size 8 fit me like a glove! Looking forward to my foot healing (of course, I had to injure it right after getting the shoes), and starting some running with these! The shipping was VERY fast...I will recommend these shoes to anyone!!", "These have been my primary running shoes for the last 8 months, and I can confidently say that they are great shoes. They provide a decent amount of stability without being overly rigid, and are quite comfortable. I wear them for races, trail running, and treadmill training, and they perform great on all of them.They do have pretty thick soles, so be careful that you don't fall into the trap of heavy heel-striking; these shoes are so comfortable you could probably start doing it without realizing it, unless you are thinking about it.Overall, I definitely recommend these as general race and training shoes.", "These new sneakers are great and perfect for training in >>>>>they are light weight & nicely ventilated with a nice sure grip sole, colour coordination & style are nice & smooth, not agressive so for me they are perfect (i don't like being a show off : ))", "The sole of the shoe is more of a neon blue than it looks like in the picture but I LOVE these shoes. Super lightweight, cute and comfy.", "Very uncomfotable im a nurse and I wore these as my work shoe the in side of the shoe is wearing out and gave me blisters iv had them for a month", "These shoes are awesome! They are cushy without feeling tight on your feet. Good arch support, very light to walk and run in. I sometimes wear a 7, but this fits much better as a 7.5. Err on the side of roomy, I'd say.", "this shoe is the by far the best that i have ever used for running ... i am a amateur runner and do it purely to stay fit ..... but am plagued by a Plantar & ITB pain in the my right leg and it troubles me no end .. this show is built perfectly for me and i just love it ... the balance seems perfect, the cushioning just right and love the colours :-) ( little vanity ) ..... i am presently using a lunar glide 4 and this is not a patch on the pegasus trail running shoe and am waiting for a opportunity to change over to my old favourite", "I recommend the Lunarfly+3 sneakers for all runners because they are very light and comfortamble.  Unfortunately the number 4 is not as good for me as these,  and they were discontinued. Lucky me I found a pair at Amazon!!!", "This is my second pair and I love these!  They fit great and are so comfortable!  So thankful amazon had them!", "Theses running shoes arrived in sound packaging and appear just as advertised and in good time.  They are are a gift and therefore I have no comment on how well the workmanship will hold.", "I absolutely LOVEEE these shoes. I wear them to work everyday and they're SOOO comfortable. I HIGHLY recommend these shoes. Great price!", "Very light weight which is great, but they aren't too durable. Very cute style. Love the colors. I've had them for less than a year and they're getting a hole in the toe. For the price, I'd still get another pair.", "Just as bright as pictured. Great buy (better than local) and fast delivery. Comfy, sized right. Really happy with them. Recommend for the runner in you.", "As a runner with a number of foot issues, these are absolutely the best shoes for me. I actually bought these for the second time as NIKE has discontinued this model and the update was not an improvement for my feet.", "The nike shoes are my favorite trademark because they are confortable to do exercises and I love its models and colors", "After reading the first review, was ready to buy. Hoping that the size listed was US sizing, it was.  Usually buy an 8, but the 8 1/2 are fine.  Had seen them  on the feet of a co-worker and liked the colors. Was very happy to find them at a great price on Amazon.", "Great ride right out of the box. Favorite model from Nike. Fits snug like a shoe should without being tight. This is my 11th pair of LunarGlides and they make me so happy.", "With my high arches, these shoes are exactly what I needed. I put a lot of miles on them (from walking and jogging). They are the most comfortable running shoes I've ever owned.This is my 3rd pair of lunar glides. :)", "These are supposedly the ONLY motion control shoe that Nike makes. They were inexpensive, and feel very cushy. I stood in them for a good 8 hours and my feet were not fatigued at all. Love the fun color combo. The material breathes very well, and isn't binding at all.", "Love these....both the fit and bright colors.  Being 71  doesn't have to be dull.  Thanks Nike for another great pair of shoes!", "Love this shoe, even though I'm not a runner.  The Nike guys told me it would be a good shoe for wearing around school, and they were absolutely right. I'll get another pair. The toe box is also roomy and does not pinch any toes..", "I'm basically a beginner runner/jogger. I've been running for two years now. I've had two pairs of Nike Lunarglide, this being my second pair.I find these shoes very comfortable and help my form- I tend to run on the outside of my feet without these shoes. I absolutely love thee running shoes and recommend them.", "Really pleased with the neutral color (goes with everything) and they are very comfortable like most of mike Nike shoes.", "I Love this pair of shoes!! it's so light, modern and fits perfectly. I saw this same style at the mall and the price was double. I would definitely recommend this to everyone!!", "These shoes are great! They look as good as they do in the picture and Nike Air seems to be the most comfortable shoe they make.  They can be a bit pricy but when standing on concrete all day or if you inflict some other torture on your toes, then these shoes are worth every penny!", "my shoes are amazing, i'. so glad for this purchase, the fit as expected and the blue and grey combination are wonderful, I love it!!!", "the price is abusive i can find it in stores for the half of that i demand a reduction of the price because i want them but this price is ridiculous.In spite of that the product is good", "These Air Max Blue Glow shoes are awesome!  I walk about 4 miles a morning and these are light, bright and support your feet while letting them breathe.  The toe box is generous but not sloppy - just right for a medium width foot.  Love them!", "Upon trying these shoes on for the first time, I thought they were going to be too small. However, after breaking them in at the gym they fit perfectly and soooo comfortably. Worth every penny because my feet do not hurt, as they used to, during or after working out. I work out intensely, so these shoes are superb quality so far. In addition to being the most comfortable gym shoes I have ever owned, they are the most stylish too. The only reason that I rated them 4 stars is because I would like to see how long they last. I will update after a few months or so.", "At first I loved these shoes they felt great. About 2 months after I bought these the right shoe must have got a crack and it no longer has the nice cushion like the left shoe. It happened after the 45 day return policy and now I am stuck with some expensive shoes that I can no longer wear! Would purchase from a better quality company because most of the time they would work with you and exchange the pair.", "I will continue to buy!!i stocked up- and the black looks great in the gym,on the streets and just out doing errands!!Continue to make Nike!!", "I wanted a gray sneaker to wear to match some gym clothes I have. Of course I wanted a comfortable sneaker too. I have other Nike sneakers, but have never tried the Air Max. I tried them on when they arrived and they fit perfectly!! Even when I put on thicker socks, they still were comfy!! I put them to the test at the gym. An hour of weight training, hour of cardio, 15 mins of abs. I jumped, ran, walked, planked, did lunges, squats, etc. and my feet felt like I was walking on clouds!!!! Very comfy and stylish!!", "She is gorgeous, and the runnings shoes make her day, My girlfriend says she is so very happy with the purchase of these 2012 NIKE AIR MAX in the light blue.  Shipping came in nicely, she wore them to work the next day.  On her feet all day long, she is already a ball of energy.  These running shoes not only provided ulitmate comfort, but when she got home she was all smiles.  She receive many compliments on these 2012 Nike Air Max in light blue.  After all of these positive comments my girlfriend had to say about the running shoes, I also purchase a pair for my Mom age 65.  Not a runner but she loves them.  An odd present I know but she received them on mothers day along with the shoebox filled with a beautifully arangement of life -like spring daisies.  She just loved the idea and says her size 8.5 is a perfect fit.  My girlfriend with her cute little 6.5 says also they are a perfect fit.  I know how to pick'm for the ladies in my life.  Excellent buy!", "Bought these shoes for my wife and she loves them. They are as good as the ones at the nike outlet or better...", "I work a 12 hour shift as a nurse and I am on my feet all day.  This is the best shoe I have found for all day comfort and support.  The color goes perfect with my uniform (Royal Blue). I have purchased alot of shoes for my aching feet and at the end of the day there is no comparison.  This shoe is the best hands down!", "I got these shoes to wear to Disney World.  They are so bright and blue.  I have several pairs of AirMax and they are all so comfortable for my aging feet.  I recommend them.", "These shoes are a beautiful blue and so comfortable.  I love Air Max.  Light and cool and comfortable.  Perfect for days with lots of walking.", "Love my new running shoes very comfortable I definitely recommend thanks for the great delivered and I love the color thanks for the t shirt", "Nike womens go get before i buy my chick another pair, you know - at first i did not want to buy without checking them out &  twirking them but i got mine u go get yours u will be-- good all good", "love these shoes. so comfy. and the color is a bright coral. i use for daily gym use. i could recommend. note: these shoes ran big compared to other nike shoes.", "A pair was given to me as a gift last year.  Love them and fits well with the orthotics I must wear.  I ordered another pair because I liked the first pair so much.", "Great service and used the PO. Delivered right to my house. Shoes are so comfortable. Like walking on a cloud.", "These shoes fit great and are comfortable. They have a lot of cushion and provide a lot of support. You can also wash them and they wear well.", "these are by far the best sneakers ever! very comfortable and seem to have a good cushion on the heel....", "Wearing this to the gym gives me so much compliments ,the color is divine and very comfortable in the treadmill", "These shoes look good and these shoes are comfortable. I do not regret that it bought. Size such as in the description.", "I was so excited to know they had my shoe, I was shipped out fast & I got it sooner than I thought it would. I asked for a 9 1/2 & got a 9 lucky i can wear them an dont have to send back.", "I was very happy to find them, although the price was very high. These shoes are my favorite.Thx.so much", "I thought I would be super excited but I wasn't, they look cheap and they are not as comfy as expected.  I would not buy another pair of these ever again.", "My daughter loved the shoes, little loud for me, but shes wearing them. She can be seen coming that's for sure.", "Awesome shoe.  I have been buying Air Max since 19 since 1979 have never bought another brand or type.  Love them!", "These are a very comfortable pair of shoes my wife loves them she said its like walking on air would recommend them for anyone", "My shoes came in and I am loving them! Comfortable and cheaper than in the stores! Very stylish, yet simple!", "Really enjoyed this shoe would buy again. Used for work which is 12 hour shifts on cement. I treated the screen areas before wearing for protection from spills. Wiped clean.", "I wasn't able to get my size from the local outlet.  And these are absolutely my favorite shoes.  I don't run, but I put on alot of miles and with these shoes on I don't end up with aching feet at the end of the day.", "Wonderful shoe and the color is fabulous. Always get compliments on color, very bold neon green. Great running shoes and extremely comfortable. This is my second pair and would buy again", "This was a gift for a friend.  I have been told that the shoes are awesome and fit great.  That they are true to size.", "The shoe has great arch support, but very heavy. As a runner, I was looking for something lighter. I have tried other brands and other types of Nikes but the Air Max is the only one I've noticed with good arch support for an high arched foot. The seller did great with getting the order to me in a timely matter.", "Great tenis! Very beautifull and real quality!  It is as shown in the photo. Very confortable and the way I like. It arrived by the time they said.", "I wear these shoes every day.  They are extremely comfortable.  They gave excellent support.  Love the color.  They seems to run true to size.", "My boss bought these shoes for me in Hong Kong and upon wearing them I loved the feel! They were extremely comfortable and easy on my ankles. BUT within the first 3 hours of wearing them at my local supermarket I leaned to one side and the air bubble popped! I didn't worry for the first few months but recently when running, exercising and even walking I felt my heel touching the ground and it made an extremely unpleasent noise as the air continued to escape. If these shoes don't pop I reccommend them, but once they pop they aren't useful at all.", "This is my second pair.  The shoes are light which is perfect for running. It's a beautiful color.  And I always get compliments.The thing I didn't like was the fact that when I received the box it said &#34; price $175&#34;. And I paid 240. So shop around and you will find it for less. That's the only reason I gave 4 stars.I would greatly recommend this product.", "NIke air max is truly like walking on air.  It is fashionable and comfortable.  Fireberry is a great color-many compliments.", "Very good and comfortable, it came in excellent conditions. My wife was charmed with the color and the frivolous of the shoe, as well as the comfortable thing for the activities of high place I strike.", "They are very comfy and stylish!  The best part is they are lightweight and I love how air flows through them...", "I always purchase Nike. I know I can rely on the fit, comfort and support I need.An extra bonus of late ,are the awesome colors you can choose from.My fireberry Nikes can be seen for miles, which is great when running on busy streets!Fit, comfort , and Yes Fashionable!Love my Fireberries", "Bought these for my daughter who was having an issue with shin splints.  The shoes seem to absort a good amount of shock as they have alleviated some of her pain.  They are on the expensive side but it's worth not having the burning sensation in your legs.  She loves them.", "These shoes are so comfortable and pretty, I just ordered one more pair.  I really like the shock absorption when I walk and run:)", "I bought these shoes as a replacement for my worn out running shoes that are exactly the same.  I love the neon colors and was so happy to be able to get these again. Since they were manufactured in 2012, they are no longer available at my local sporting good store.  They are brand new, in original box exactly as I expected.  The shipping was much quicker than I expected.  Everything about the order process went better than expected!  Would order from Amazon and this retailer again.", "I boought this shoes for run, they are confortables and very beautiful.  looks good with my jeans also and the color is pretty nice.", "By far the best running shoe I have ever bought. I am a flat foot runner so its hard on my knees and hips when I run but these shoes make my impact more cushioned and I feel so much more comfortable. Very breathable too and I think they look real cool as well. Worth the money.", "These shoes are amazing!  Each step you take is wonderful and you don't want to take them off.  The price was definately worth it, and the search was over when I slid this shoe on my foot.  Highly recommend and I can't wait to start running again!", "Super comfortable, sleek and elegant styling.  I'm not wearing them for running but everyday use.  They go with everything and are perfect for days when hours of walking, like going to the zoo, are on the schedule.  They have great support in the arches and are very kind to your feet and legs!", "I freaking love these awesome, beautiful, blue Nike shoes! They fit perfectly and  the colors are great. I am on my feet 12 hours a day for 4 days straight and these shoes make it a little more tolerable.", "I already have had a pair for 1 year, could not find them any where.  Thank you Have good day", "I love the color and it looks and feels great! I love to run and walk in these  shoes, they are comfy and adorable!", "I absolutely love these shoes. I only wear Nike Air Max. They are like pillows on my feet. I love their colors as well.", "Bought as a gift and the person that received them certainly seemed to be pleased. I'll know more once she uses them", "This is my second pair, and goes with the 4 pair my husband has.  These are the most comfortable shoes - for working out, for working when you're on your feet all the time, or for just walking around.", "Loved it! Beautiful and efficient! They are exactly what I expected from a running shoes. Nike is the best brand for me.", "I love these shoes, however, the toe area needs reinforcement.  Both of my shoes have holes in the toes already and it has only been 2 months.  For the money, I think they should have lasted longer.", "If you're a runner or want for casual use, this is your shoe! Super comfy, great support, A++++.I always ran in Lunarglide or Pegasus, these shoes even top them!", "Good for runner with over weihgt, in fact, its one of the best if you are over weight and whant to run.", "I love the shoes! Great fit and breathes! They make my feet feel awesome. I haven't had a pair of shoes to ever fit as good as they do.", "Bought them for my mom so she can go to the gym and they are great. So light and strong at the same time. It's a great purchase.", "Bought these for my girlfriend n she loves them! Fit really nice, very light, and comfortable.would definitely recommend these to anyone who is looking for good working out shoes", "these are the most comfortable shoes i have worn yet! i bought some zigs and really enjoyed them, but these shoes are even better for comfort. i will admit that the zigs seem to keep your feet cooler but im very pleased. the seller did a great job and i will be ordering another pair soon!", "I weight 270 pounds and was looking for a shoe that was comfortable to work in for twelve hours a day. I lovelove love these shoes, they are the best shoes for people that need extra support in a shoe.", "I got these in black for my son as work out/running shoes. He's 15 & a size 11 & comfort is key! He can't stop saying how comfortable they are. They are light weight, flexible and breathable too. So although that cost a little more then I wanted to spend they are a great quality shoe.", "When I wanted to check out a running shoes for my early morning jogging schedule I could think of no other brand than Nike. But Nike has a whole lot of shoe range choosing one would be a tough job. But I managed to get one that I wanted the most, the best running shoes ever by Nike. Free Run+ 2 running shoe is the one I was looking for. It gives me a feel as if I run barefoot, the design is so light.The Nike natural motion technology helps in giving a smooth run, reducing on any chance of injury. It gives flexible support for my feet thereby giving a relaxing feel. This one piece design is working great on my foot.", "Feel so lite, like it is cheap or something. However a very sturdy, comfy and supportive, high performance, drop dead gorgeous shoe. 3 thumbs up!", "These shoes are amazing, they're super light, and so comfortable with how the soles flex so much. They did take a little getting used to. In the store (Footlocker) I thought they were not for me, but I'm glad I gave them a chance. They're awesome.", "so, i got these because i run 5 miles a day and i was doing it in converse.. if youve ever ran in converse youll understand why i got a new pair of shoes. i wear these everyday and not always for running. when yoou do start wearing them all day long you have to get use to them so they do hurt for a couple days if your standing 8+ hours. they look amazing and i get compliments on them all the time. im a shoe guy so people see me in a ton of sneakers and most people say they like these more then any other pair. oh.. AND THEY BREATH! so your feet dont get hot. im so excited to get the free run 3's!", "The shoe is nice. Very lightweight and gives great support. Shoe is very hard to find in this color scheme, though.", "I never thought he would wear these because of the colors, but he loves them.  He wears them all the time. He says they are very comfortable.", "Lasts forever great shoe!", "I bought these shoes for my gym workout, they are very confortable and perfects for this work, very recommended shoes.", "I actually have three pairs of these shoes. I have some issues with my feet, knees, and back, so after buying my first pair I knew I needed a few more as it is hard for me to find good shoes for me. Great cushioning, wider fit. Very happy with the purchase.", "The most comfortable pair of shoes I have ever owned!! The fact that I can use the chip for my iPod to track my running is an added bonus. I LOVE these shoes and I'll be sad when they're too worn out to wear", "this is a brand which I allways use and I am more than satisfied with nike. this running shoes are so light you cant even imagine. Great product.", "I love that shoes they are great :)))))) very comfortable, that why I love them I love air maxtraining and running with it are very comfortable too, buy that product THEY ARE GREAT!!!", "The product was great and 100 percent AuthenticNike shoe! Exactly what I wanted and I am completely satisfied with my product.", "I really love these shoes comfort level.I m a big and tall guy who is always up and down roofs,these shoe provide great support and comfort.There is only a bit of issue when the soles get wet.They get a little slippery.But they are supper great in all other aspect,also your feet are  ventilated and cool through out the day.", "i love these sneakers! They are comfortable and making my running experience better!I'm thinking about getting another pair in a different color@!!!", "I live in the city and have found that Nike's \"Air Max\" shoes work well for protection from the sidewalks I mostly run on. I am a bigger dude (215) and can get by in a neutral shoe like this (if you need stability, look elsewhere). I bought these to replace the 2010 Air Max Tailwinds I had been running in previously.Overall very nice shoe--Fit was improved over the 2010's and the cushioning is stellar. I feel very fresh even after a long run in these shoes. I had hoped they'd hold up pretty well since the midsole is primarily polyurethane, and they have in fact been very durable.Only downside is that the forefoot was rather stiff at first and took a few runs before it broke in and became adequately flexible. But again, since then the shoe has been perfect.So, if you want a stout neutral cushioned shoe and like the feel of Nike Air cushioning I would expect you'd like 'em too.", "The specified product arrived timely and in good repair. It was checked and found to be in good fit and free of defects.", "I chose this because I heard about how light and flexible they are. They are so comfortable and I have recommended it to other people.", "Fast delivery.  It shipped out to an APO address in about a week. The shoe is great. I have had foot problems with every shoe i use when running.  Bottom of my foot always seems to hurt.  With these shoes i have no problems.  I think its because my foot can stretch more with them.  Best shoes for running i have ever had.  Also a good gym shoe cuz they be light weight...", "I've had these shoes for quite a while. Although I wouldn't consider myself a runner, I have run quite a few times in them. They are very comfortable fit and running on the road. If you hit some gravel they are not as great, but they are not made for running on rocks so I expected it.", "These running were very comfortable and thwre was no breakin period. The blue color was a different then the advertisment but not much. I like the run 2s better than the run 3s due to the design. These shoes do run small so make sure you order a size bigger. These shoes are made to wear without socks. I love them, great running in them and walking the dog.", "I work in a hospital and am on my feet all day long (12-16 hrs at a time). It's nice to know that these are so comfortable and can get me through the day. I usually rotate my Nikes- but lately I only wear this pair. I definitely have to get it in a few different colors! Awesome price- awesome shoe!", "It is very hard to find shoes that fit and for once not having to return them.When my son tried on these shoes and to see the look on his face was priceless because he said at last I found a shoes that fels good and finally fits my feet.we have been on other sites but this one is by far the best if your looking for great value on items", "I ordered this Nike running shoe to replace another pair of Nike's that were obviously at the end of their life.  The size was consistent, fit great, and I really like the orange color.  Good buy.", "I bought these for my daughter for volleyball. Awesome durability and colors are the perfect amount of. \"Bam\" that she was looking for. Recommended.", "Excellent Product , very comfortable to use for walking or running.Would love to own another pair on a different color.", "Bought these shoes a few weeks ago and absolutely love them.  Fit great and were comfortable right out of the box.", "I think Nike Free's are the best pair of shoes I've worn.  I have now have three pair of these.", "These shoes are the greatest thing mankind has ever made for running, they are really lightweight and it's cushioning is pretty much perfect. only problem is it is quite smaller, I recommend buy it 1 or 2 sizes larger for it to fit well.", "Most comfortable workout shoe I've ever worn.  Great for the feet for any purposes, including jogging and casual.  My daughter has a pair and loves them too.", "The shoe is authentic but it has a few mistakes that make me think they aren't authentic. Awesome shoe tho. Thanks for the product please sell more !", "I love these running shoes they are comfortable light and flexible. They are one of my favorite running shoes ever it feels like running in socks.", "I purchased these shoes just over a month ago, for use in the gym, and while running track & field. These are unlike any show I have ever had, they are supportive, comfortable and very flexible. I was amazed by how light the shoe is as well! Each one can't weigh more than a few ounces. I run in these shoes on a daily basis, on cement, track, dirt, grass, and everything in between. They clean easily, don't stain easily, and the color (blue) has not faded a bit. I highly recommend these shoes for any avid, or even occasional runners. They are also not bad for playing basketball in, which surprised me. They add a few inches to your vertical :D", "Always fancied nike over any of the competing brands shoes comfortable and looks good on feet . I ordered my friend a pair too", "I have several pairs of this racing shoe in different colors and it is so comfortable and lightweight for racing. This shoe I wore to the Susan G. Komem breast cancer race and it was so perfect in color. I got several compliments on the color!", "I love this shoe! Very comfortable, the make tired feet feel great! cute colors too I may just have to order another pair as they be gone when i wear these out and try to buy more.", "I love these shoes!!!  I have about 3 different pair of this shoe.  These are the most comfortable shoes I've found.  I'm a beginner runner and these are the only shoes that didn't leave blisters or bruises on my feet.  I highly recommend shoes.  The pink flash are my favorite ones!  I love the color!", "Great shoes! I love them! I previously owned a pair of Nike Free Run 2s and these shoes have taken over. Not only do I punish them --as they provide GREAT comfort-- though 4mile runs and Insanity: The Asylum sessions, but they also look very stylish to be able to wear them while your out shopping, or school, or just anywhere casual. These are shoes are the ones I consider putting on regardless of what I'm going to be doing because they're so stylish and comfortable.", "These are great for the price!I love walking around in nikes and these ones are perfect for everything that I do.", "original.  expectations completely filled.  arrived in the estimated time. good manufacturing. good good good good good good good good good", "............. awesome this  very nice good. i recommand this for other person. very .... i don't have word. hahah ...", "a really great pair of going out sneakers. alot of my friends love the colors and people compliment me all the time on them. sizing is standard and fit well.", "Lite, durable, breathing, good for both activity types - indoor and outdoor (dry weather). For me - quite comfortable, but best is to try first!", "This shoe is great for working out or wearing around town, but I would not use them for running. I found them to run a small.", "I brought the shoes to run in National Health Week for my organzation.  They are comfortable and I like them.  An excellent shoes!!!!!", "These are my 8th pair of Nike Lunaracer's.  I run 5 times a week and average about 10-13 miles per run.  I put A LOT of mileage on these shoes and find them to be perfect.  Very light weight-almost feels like a sock, yet supportive at the ankle and arch.  The shoe is a bit snug at the toe so after long runs when my feet swell a bit the shoe feels really tight, but its never too much to hurt.  Absolutely perfect shoes for long distance runners.  Great price and fast shipping!! Thank you", "THese are great.  Buy them... I love the color.  THey hold up well under some middle distance running. slip on and off very easily. I like them.", "love these shoes.  I bought a pair last year at a local store and went back to get them and they had no more.  Found them here.  I wish they had more.  Best running shoes by far!", "I just purchased these at the Nike outlet near me. They are very comfortable, have nice traction and they are super cute!", "These are the most comfortable pair of shoes I own. I absolutely love them and try to wear them whenever I can. A friend of mine also owns these and claims it makes his feet sweat and smell unusually bad, but I have not had that problem.", "Bought overseas to Southeast Asia ,they loved the way it fit.Made over seas but not available to everyone over there", "The shoes were amazing, buy them in size 9.5 and got the same size as there were rumors that they were sending smaller sizes, but all perfect and delivery time was less than estimated, the texture is very soft shoe, inlets good and excellent for running, the long use and resist the use I give them.very good product, recommended", "Love these shoes!!  I found they are better for walking than running or playing sports.  But they are cute and very comfortable.  When running/playing sports I got blisters and found the shoes to be uncomfortable.  It could just be my feet though and not the shoes' fault!", "Finding good running shoes can be difficult. You have to find a pair that fits your feet correctly. They can't be too big, too small, and they have to fit your arch. They need to be comfortably and something that you want to wear on a daily basis. The Nike Free Run 2+ are one of the best pairs of running shoes that I have ever worn.The Nike Free Run 2+ is made for running. If you like running on trails or on treadmills they are perfect for whatever you like to do. They are light weight so they don't weigh your fee down. They have a barefoot feel to them. They are designed so your feet have a natural range of motion and have cushioning for a smooth run. The Nike Free Run 2+ is made for anyone that likes cute comfortable shoes.The material the shoes are made of is waterproof and has little holes in it to allow your feet to breathe, so they don't start to smell. I recently ran outside after it had rained and they dried nicely. They do not have a tongue flap, so the shoe is connected at all parts. They come in a variety of colors. Ranging from bright blue and pink to black and red.The shoe can be found in almost any store that sells Nike shoes. They range in price from $80- $100, which is a little on the expensive side. Even thought they are expensive they are worth it. It can be hard to find a good running shoe so when you find one you really don't care how much it cost. They are very durable, so they last for their worth.The best thing about the shoes would have to be how comfortable they are. They have the barefoot feel without the impact and pains of running barefoot. The sole is nice and cushioning and has enough support for even the highest arches. The laces are angled so when tied they don't put stress on the top of your foot. Which any runner can tell you is very uncomfortable.Another good thing about the shoes is that they come in a variety of colors. They have the bright and the dark colors to match almost any outfit. They are made for both men and women. The shoes can be worn with your average athletic clothes or jeans and a t-shirt.The shoes are good for running on almost any surface. They are made to run on trails because they have some grip on the bottom that will help keep you stable. They are also good for sidewalks and treadmills because they are a low impact shoe. They are not sprinting shoes so do not purchase them thinking you are going to run a hundred mile dash.Besides the price of the shoe the one bad thing about them is that the material is hard to clean. Since it is mesh-like you can't just wipe it off. You can wash them in the washing machine, but I wouldn't recommend drying them. Sometimes they don't hold up very well in the dryer. Shoe cleaner works pretty well, but then you have to wait and let them dry.Finding good running shoes is a hard task to do, but it is worth the hassle when you find a good pair. The Nike Free Run 2+ is a comfortable shoe that is on the expensive side, but it is worth the price. I think that everyone should try the shoe on at least once. You will be sold.", "Couldn't find this shoe locally anywhere in my size.  So glad to have this online vendor with so many sizes available.  Thanks,  very happy with the purchase.", "I would love to order this shoe. However there is no size option provided.Please provide that option so that i can order this shoe..thanks", "Not only are these sneaks good looking,  they perform well for the price and are extremely comfortable.  Would recommend to a friend.", "I wear this every single day at work and I love it! It's very light and comfortable for my feet. I stand most of my shift and havent really complained about my feet being too sore. Just be careful of pouring any fluids because this shoe is not waterproof.", "These shoes make me enjoy the gym...as much as that's possible :) They are lightweight and flexible, easy to clean, and the color is great! I wear them to the gym but also took them hiking, tubing, and horseback riding on vacation. They withstood it all!", "I have found that most Nike running shoes with the Lunarlon foam are good for my job (Walmart), walking, and for working out at the gym.  I am not a runner, but do appreciate the cushiony feel of these shoes.  They are not as &#34;mushy&#34; as the previous generation of Lunarfly shoes, but still give me the cushioning I need for those long days of standing at Walmart.", "Just two words: Love them!!!!!! They are confortable, soft, light weight....normally i am siZe 6 or 6,5 but i got these on siZe 7 And the fit perfectly", "i am in love with these shoes! i have a wide foot and have difficult finding comfortable running shoes. i am so thrilled that these work perfect for me and the mango colors are perfect. they came super fast so i didnt have to wait long.", "I've been running since I was fifteen, so that makes it about ten years now. I need a new pair every two - three months (7 miles, give or take, per day, seven days a week on rough, gravely and dirt roads = going through running shoes like it's nobodies business, man).I've tried all the brands, finally finding that Asics was the best for me. I was never the biggest Nike fan but a fellow runner and friend told me about these.Like another reviewer, my feet roll out as I run and I also have high arches.This is a good shoe. My feet do not roll out and my balance is good.But I did need to buy an insert thank to my high arches.I was lucky to find this shoe at Nordstrom Off The Rack on sale for $49.99, otherwise I would not have bought a pair of Nikes for $90+ adding a custom insole.The best shoe for me has been any Asics gel model. Yeah, they aren't as \"cool\" looking and aren't as in your face \"LOOK AT ME! I'M A RUNNER!\" as Nike's, but I don't need to use another custom insole with them, they last, and they don't destroy my feet. :)", "I bought these for my husband since he is a huge Oakland Raider fan and the colors are perfect to go along with all of his fan gear. The shoes took awhile to &#34;wear in&#34; (the reason for 4 stars) but now he wears them all over the place.", "its perfect.. like i want it..i recieve all good... and the nike its confortable... very beutifull.. and i recieve all just on the time they tell me... with nothing wrong", "For me this is quite a departure from the traditional running shoes I have used. They are very light weight.  The shoe fits like a glove and very comfortable with no slippage. The heel impact is noticeably softer. Time will tell how much punishment the \"four\" shock absorbers will take. I am not so much interested in looks as I am shock dampening. That being said, the shoes appearance has led to several compliments from my gym buddies. The heel cup is nice and snug. I really like how it laces up. (Very even distribution and again no slippage). Even though it is a running shoe I am very happy with how comfortable and stable it is for walking around the gym and lifting weights. I think it is a great running shoe...more later  jfm", "They took some time to break in, but afterwards have been just fine. i would buy these shows again. The look is just what I wanted, but the comfort is not as great as some other shoes I have owned.", "I've had Shox before and liked them. Finding them at this price made it an easy decision. Not the best color combo, but that's ok.", "I bought these shoes for my husband so we could start working out again. His only other tennis shoes are leather and his feet get really how when he runs. These shoes solved that problem! They keep his feet very cool, eliminated his shin splints, and look good with just about everything. We highly recommend them to men for function or fashion.", "Recomiendo el zapato, a la persona que se los regale quedo encantada.. es un zapato super c&oacute;modo, liviano, suave y muy practico", "I was thrilled to get another pair of Shox as these sneakers are becoming hard to find. I love the way I can walk or stand for hours in these sneakers with no back pain. I am hopeful that Nike will continue to carry this style.", "Very comfortable. Fit well. Nice looking. Breathable and perfect for my husband who is on his feet most of the day. Color is great and matches jeans well.", "I love these shoes! They are very light and well ventilated so your feet stay cool in the heat. Since they're Nike Shox, they also fit the bill for sharp and stylish. The icing on the cake: they're VERY comfortable.", "I chose these athletic shoes because I liked the color scheme and the I am fond of the shox product shock absorption.Positives include:  1). mesh fabric is very cool.  I wore these shoes in the 4th hottest summer in St Louis history.2). Shoes are very light. 3). shock absorption is good.Negatives include:  1). light fabric/weight comes at expense of durability.  2).  Laces that came with shoes are way too short.  It's a minor thing but I've never purchased a pair of shoes with mismatched shoe laces in a store.  3).  Zero traction in mud.I would recommend these shoes for a single season's worth of weekend sports or light running on pavement or trail.", "These are a great addition to any closet.  Extremely comfortable, I can't wait to buy more pair in other colors", "These shoes are a favorite of my husband, nike is nike, he loves it and I bought wanting to surprise ... He loved ... I recommend ...", "I love nikes, are really confortable to use and smooth when you walk and run.Im happy with it and totally recommend itThe price is high but quality is great and expected.", "I had a couple of Nike backpack before but never satisfy. I saw this running backpack and it looks pretty fancy so I decided to give it a try.It is lightweight, and the Hypervoid material keep the bag in shape and stick to my back when running, the waist belt secure the bag from shafting when I run. The lower compartment is perfect for my running shoes or/and wet clothing.The Aerospan back panel is suppose to let more airflow on my back but I didn't feel it at all. It scuff my neck a bit.The shoulder strap phone pouch is way too small to fit a 4.7 inches smartphone, and I couldn't figure out how can this be fixed on the strap as it will block the chest strap channel, which it can only be fixed on the top. Anyway I removed it.If you are not a fan of hydration reservoir like me, you will find there is no easy access compartment for water bottles.Overall this backpack is pretty good for my 10km run to work and can keep my clothes and laptop neatly.", "As expected, love this bag!", "I ended up buying more of other colors and would highly recommend to anyone looking for great comfort, style, and support for your feet.", "One of my favorite pairs, however I did not realize that the style was one year old. Paid as though it was a current edition and not a previous one. Still a good sneaker.", "Fits great and feels great on my feet! Wonderful shoe! They feel great and look great! I would definitely recommend these to anyone", "I bought this shoe for my brother as his request and style wise, he loves it, especially the color.  Comfort wise, he is always wearing it so i guess it must be comfortable.", "These might actually be the best fitting shoes I have owned in my life, although I own a similar older version so I knew exactly what size to get. They look great without being flashy and I plan on using them both exercising and just every day wear.", "Shoes were brand new in box and beautiful. Package was sent before I could even say NIKE! Would be happy to do business again.", "This shoe is comfortable as all heck. I walked a few miles when I first got them and got a blister on the back of my foot though.The bottom white part is surprisingly high, some people might be put off by that.These shoes give great support and are nice for my high inner arches.", "Got these for a friend who plays a lot of beach volleyball.  They are pretty constricting and he's tall and muscular build but they would like stick to his legs.  It didn't seem like the material was super comfortable either.  I recommend the other Nike Scout striped boardshorts! Those I bought for my boyfriend and he loves them.  The material is way sleeker and they don't stick.", "very nice very happy. my cousins daughter likes them and they fit very well she is very happy thank you.", "Asking my son to try these on, he replied&#34; very comfortable, great colors and kids at school wanted to know where they can find that style at stores.&#34;", "I love it. It is comfy, long so it covers my bud when Im skating ...love the color.. And it fits true to size", "They are nice shorts but there is no compression. Maybe if you buy a size smaller than you would normally wear they would be more effective.", "These shorts were purchased as a present for my niece. She loves the quality and fit. She has asked me to buy her more pairs.", "Perfect under basketball shorts. Fits and wears nice. I wish they made them in more colors. ( white) Good shorts.", "I love these nike shorts. I just wish the band was lower on the waist, but they are a great fit overall.", "These shorts are exactly what I wanted. They are comfortable, feel perfectly, and are the best for those intense workouts.", "My granddaughter requested these so I bought them for her. She says they fit great and she really likes them!", "I bought this item for my daughter.It is exactly as it is pictured.My daughter really does likes it.", "These shorts feel like they're made from clouds! At first I was worried that they would be way too tight and would cause my fat to bulge and form a muffin top, but that was not the case. They are very stretchy and very comfortable, and make my butt look great. Also, they are a bitt longer than booty shorts, which is good because I can feel comfortable going to the gym in these. I seriously never want to take them off. BUY BUY BUY you won't regret it! :D", "Bought these for my daughter for cheer.  She is tiny 4'7\" and 75 pounds and they fit her perfectly.  She loves them.  Only thing she will wear for cheer practice and tumbling.  I have to order her another pair.", "I am a high school volleyball player and these are by far my favorite type of spandex. The thick band at the top that you can fold over makes it so that my little hip pudge doesn't bulge in awkward places like with the waistband on Mizuno and most other brands.  I also use these for cheer practices also and they are perfect! I already own a bunch and have about 3 more pairs on the way!", "All of the girls on my daughter's high school dance team wear these now.  They are comfortable for 2-3 hour daily practices, provide better coverage than \"booty shorts,\" and look great.  She has three pairs now and I will probably get her a couple more.", "My daughter is a cheerleader and she wears this under her cheer shorts for practice.She loves the fit! I bought 2 and I am happy that I did.", "This is a great garment to wear for exercising or sports activity that adds needed support that will help you get through the most strenuous routines.  The fabric is very comfortable that will not leave you sweaty, and launders very well; I would recommend a cold water wash when needed.", "Will not deny that these are THE absolute BEST spandex ever. They are comfy, length is great, tight but does not suffocate your stomach. However, I bought the at Big 5 and other sport stores for 25 dollars. DO NOT pay 57 here!!!!", "Great product. Fit and quality were as expected.  These are perfect for volleyball, running, or whatever sport you are engaged in.", "I am a volleyball player, and I am always looking for comfortable spandex that are a decent length (no butt cheeks hanging out) and that are not at all transparent. These were both, and they are amazingly comfortable!!! I am 5'10&#34;, size 8, and the medium fits me perfectly. I will be buying several more pairs.", "She is an avid runner and loves them and says she want to get more of them. If you have someone who runs half marathons as well then these will be perfect for her.", "The top band wasn't sewn securlely and it came off after the first wash.  Had to re-sew it back on.  Seemsto be holding.", "Although I always enjoy shopping on amazon the retailers representing these shorts are way overpriced&#8230;Ladies go to your local sports shop you will save HALF of what the price is here online..I have 5 teenage girls who LOVE these shorts but I refuse to pay the price being asked here online. Happy Shopping!", "Fit & look great. Love the color too. A nice soft grey. Great for cheer & tumbling. It moves with your body. Thank you.", "Great quality! These shoes have held up perfectly. I sprayed them with a protective coating so that may have helped,", "It is comfortable, soft, and supportive, but for some reason it is a particularly attractive top as well.  When I wear it, people notice it is not an ordinary camisole and say &#34;Wow!&#34;", "Great sneakers, exactly as described and very comfy!! They arrived on time and they are so adorable. These sneakers are great for people who have flat feet and virtually no arch because they dont give you that painful cramping feeling in your arch (well lack there of an arch) when you're running or working out!!", "These are very nice shoes. My son wears these shoes almost daily and they have held up very well. Great", "My 11-year old son picked out these shoes and loves them. The color is bright and he says that they are very comfortable.", "Love the fit and the color!! Get a lot of compliments on them! Great for running outdoor or for gym", "I bought these for my son.  He says they are comfortable and have held up well.  I would purchase these again.  Thanks Nike!", "Exactly what I wanted. Good looking shoe and is very comfortable. There is no need to break them in. I am very satisfied.", "We love it!  My son fell in love with them.  Nike is a terrible mnc, but the shoes are great.  They fit well and look good.", "These are so much cuter in person.  My daughter fell in love with them.  After I purchased them my mom bought the same pair and now my sister wants them too.", "I bought these shoes for a family member as a gift and they loved them!  They came fast which made it even better", "My daughter loved the feel of the shoes. :-) She went with size 4.5 in boys and she wears regular women's size 7.", "Really was surprise to see how bright the pink was, i ordered a size bigger but it fit okay  jus love the color :)", "My son loves the shoes. They fit perfectly and have been very durable under the abuse of an 11 year old boy.", "Perfect shoes for my son in middle school.  He wears them to gym and they still look clean!  They are dark so the only place to show dirt are the white bottom edge (where it's easier to clean anyway).  Fit is perfect too!", "The shoes were great and exactly as described.  However, they were too small for my son so we had to return them.  We were refunded immediately & effortlessly.  Thank you", "I bought these for my son and he loves them. Excellent quality and very light weight. A little tough to slide on and off at first but got broke in in no time. He is rough on shoes, especially the toes but these are holding up perfectly. We will be buying a second pair when he outgrows these.", "My son in fourth grade loves these shoes. They fit well and are very stylish. The last pair held up very well.", "These are great running shoes. Purchased for middle schooler to run cross country.  Comfortable from the first time he put them on. Lightweight, flexible, no need to break in. We researched various shoe brands and styles, these turned out to be a great selection.", "I am a womens size 7.5 and typically buy my Nike Free shoes in the womens dept. I noticed this youth shoe and tried to look up conversion for the size as I specifically needed this color. I was able to fit into a youth 6.5 and a 7. I bought both pairs as the price was so much less expensive buying these in youth rather than adult womens. They are comfortable and they look great! I have had more compliments than any $100+ shoe I own. I can wear them to the gym, to Disneyland walking all day and still feel like I look good and am comfortable.  These shoes are light weight. The only problem is now my son is embarrised becasue his friends all have the same shoes as his mom...(they also paid more in our local sporting goods store too) If anything that should make me cool, right? haha! If you have the chance and can fit into a youth size, try it I never thought it was an option but it saves money and you look good! Oh as far as seller and shipping... Everything went smooth and got them on time and in perfect condition. Since I have free shipping with Amazon I figured if the youth didnt work what did I have to lose Amazon has always been great with returns...", "There is no normal shoe faithful Air Ring Leader and shipping precious not to be a declaration of shoes", "Great pants and best currently on the market I believe.  They last and last and still remain firm and are think enough to be warm enough.", "The Nike Lady Tech Capri Running Tights have a great fit....Thanks for being so prompt in the  delivery.....I love Nike brand workout clothes...I have others and they are great too....", "fit percfect all good, arrived on time . . . . . . . . . . recommended . .", "Love the shoes", "These sandals looked great & would be very comfortable. My only issue was the sizing. I ordered a size 9 because that was the only size in stock in that style. I normally wear an 8 or 8 1/2 so I thought these would be fine. I was wrong! I ended up giving them to a neighbor girl who wears a 7 1/2...they fit her perfectly.", "I like these sandals. They aren't quite as nice as addidas, cause they are a looser fit around the foot. They are very comfortable and pretty.", "I received this product in good condition.The delivery was timely and product arrived in good condition.I will recommend this product for anyone interested in a comfy wear tennis shoes.", "Perfect exactly as described. I needed a sturdier shoe and this is what I was looking for. Thank you! :)", "are too comfortable, soft and flexible, I love the design, colors everything =), and are a good gift, I recommend", "Exactly as ordered.  True to size and very comfortable.  There are the only flip flops I have night for the last 3 years!", "I purchased this for my wife and she love them... Very very comfortable she recommend them to anyone. Not for the beach", "love it", "These shoes are the best! I really don't care for shoes or socks but going barefoot all the time is impractical. These sandals are so comfortable that I have no problem wearing them everywhere!", "MY DOCTOR CONFIRMED THAT MY ARCHES HAVE FALLEN AND THAT I COULD NO LONGER WEAR MY BELOVED FLIP FLOPS SO I BROUGHT HIM MY ORIGINAL BLACK NIKE FLIP FLOPS WHICH HE SAID WAS ACCEPTABLE SUPPORT FOR MY FEET. I LOVE THE NIKE COMFORT THONG FLIP FLOPS AND HAVE THEM IN MANY COLORS.", "Love these flip flops! I have 3 pair in different colors.I would buy them again and they are definitely cheaper on-line than in the store.", "I wear size 6, and they fit perfectly. I use the Comfort Thongs in the summertime for walking long distances. (Some days I have walked over 30km - over 18 miles wearing these Thongs.) The material is comfortable and wears very well. I expected them to be of a very high quality, because I've had them before and knew what to expect..", "Very comfortable, very cute flip flops.  I wish I had ordered a 1/2 size larger, though,  is almost too small", "I gave this as a gift to my girlfriend she is very happy and use them every dayshe like the colors because she is a fancy girl", "I bought these Nike sandals from Amazon t hey are the best for comfortand have memory foam insoles. Would buy them again.", "I love everything about these shoes. I am a bit of a sneaker-file and these have been my favorite so far (out of about 15 pairs in the last 5 years or so). The retro style, the color scheme, the materials, the structure and the fit are all fantastic.", "The shoes are awesome. The new colors are very cool and nice. The shoes get dirty pretty quickly. I get a lot of compliments.", "I had pair of Nike slides with the lunarglide footbed, and I thought that they couldn't be beat for comfort...then I stumbled across these. The footbed is made of almost the same plush material, and is very comfortable. What makes this sandal is the huge Max Air unit in the heel. Unlike most Nike Max Air units, your heel is actually resting directly on the air unit, without any stiff material underneath. This makes them super cushy, and also adds some height not expected when wearing slides. I've worn these while going on long walks and experienced more comfort than some of my shoes! The Velcro adjustable strap is perfect, and doesn't chafe. The tread pattern is grippy, and I feel like it is more of a sneaker tread than a slide.I've only had them for a couple of months so I can't speak on behalf of durability, but if it's anything like other slides it should be fine. My only concern would be if the air unit got punctured, they probably wouldn't be wearable, since your heel is directly on the air unit with support only on the edge...it's hard to explain but looking at the picture closely you can see what I mean.Overall I recommend these slides to anybody who wants comfort and style.", "The slide was light and comfortable but it didn't meet my expectations from the photos I saw I thought it was higher.", "This slipper is really comfortable.It has a light feel to it.It was worth the money I did not regret this purchase.", "This is an excellent product. It fits perfectly, very nice and soft and it is was I expected.  It worth the buy", "Very comfortable, light weight sildes, they don't feel as durable as my Nike Air Moray 3 but they surely look better: getting alot of compliments", "My dad loved these for Father's Day! He thinks they are super comfy and help with his long narrow feet!", "These sandals are very comfortable.  I recommend these to anyone that wants a comfortable pair of slides for the summer.", "Comfortable, and fits", "Very Comfortable. Great choice", "Bought this for my husband and he absolutely loves up.  I wonder if they have like these for women too?:)", "Very nice and comfortable!!!", "Do you need a max air heel pad in a slide on sandal? No.  Is it nice? Yes.  Does it cost too much? yes.  Is it nice.  Yes", "Great sandal. Nice and soft, feels great under your foot compared to other slides,I would recommend them for this type sandal.", "These are wonderful slide on sandals which provide support and a non skid sole.  This is the second pair of these.", "After two hip replacement surgeries, the Nike Air Slide Sandals are great , they act like shock absorbersallowing me to stand and walk greater distances without feeling pain in my hip area(s) two and three dayslater.  I love them !!!!!", "The shoe is fitting well and is a good buy. The size is the same as was advertised on amazon and that is a great relief.", "I bought these shoes for my husband for Christmas. They fit perfectly, feel good and look great! He loves them!", "Love these Cortez sneaks. Super cute and so disappointed that they discontinued them. The colors were all so retro and adorable. Flat and small but actually a superb athletic sneaker. I love Nike because they are amazing in having designs so sleek yet so functional!", "Real cute, comfortable sneakers. True to size. Fit good and the fabric is good. Would recommend this shoes.  Was happy with my purchase.", "He does not think I know what looks good, and so when I saw these shoes I decided to purchase them without telling him. He was surprised at the look, the fit and the cost was good for me. though he would still like to pick his own shoes.... these were a good choice.", "Love these. I have gotten compliments, they fit well, and they were affordable. The delivery was smooth and quick. Worth the money.", "GREAT EARTH CUSHIONS.....ATTRACTIVE, COMFORTABLE SHOE THAT GETS ALOT OF COMPLIMENTRY COMMENTS FROM OTHERS WHO HAVE GOOD TASTE.......FIVE STAR FORM AND FUNCTION. STEPPING OUT AL", "Colors look good together. I bought these for my som and he wears them daily. He has been pleased with them", "I brought these for my boy friend. He really loves them and was excited that they have an air bubble lol.", "Griffey's are my Jordan's. Most styles are too fresh so any pair I buy is an automatic 5 star. Another reason is because these are wide and fit my foot with the needed support.", "these shoes fit great look awesome and are easy to care for.  These shoes can do it all.  Great price", "Shoes was great looks good got them really fast this company did a great job thanks guys I was very happy with my service", "this is a rugged comfortable shoe and I am on my feet all day chasing felons........8 hours plus..........My knee, feet and back pain are gone......and the price is good.........", "My beautiful tall daughter has big feet!  Thank goodness we can find size 11 shoes for my hip super cool daughter.  She has been wearing them even in this summer heat!  Thanks,  Amazon.", "I have many pairs of shoxs, love them, I ordered new styles that had come out about 6 months ago not sure of the time frame and they hurt my feet couldnt keep them, then shopping recently (my birthday etc) and I saw these online so of course I checked for them on amazon and there they were in my size for a little less money too. They came I tried them on with fingers crossed and they fit perfect. So happy!!!! True to size, comfy and iphone compatible!!!", "Very comfortable shoes. I like the contrast in colors. They seem durable. I love nike shox. They are great work shoes!", "this shoes are an excellent choise for a woman. great colour. no more to say. . . . . .", "Super comfortable with a very light-weight flexible tongue.  I've been wearing Nike Shox for years, and these are my fav so far!", "running shoes were for grand daughter and she loves them. NB for me. Good price and great fit. great price.", "i really love my shox and i would buy another pair the price and quality are awesome.... BUY IT! :)", "Great support on my low arched feet, sturdy for winter running.  Great color for dirtier runs.  Lasted as long as more expensive models", "And she loves them and runs, then I think their great. I highly recommend Nike running shoes. I own a pair myself.", "Great shoes, very comfortable, fit perfect just as expected! Ive gotten so many compliments on these shoes!  The color is very forgiving and easy to keep clean!", "The perfect comfort shoe.  Very well made.  Extremely durable for  intense exercising and walks.  Very light and love the color combination", "womens nike shox turbo running shoes  is just what we ordered.  Just as pictured.  hassle free. I  received it in perfect condition.  thank you", "Very happy with the shoe.  It was a gift and they are very comfortable, lighweight and great fitting.  Would buy them again.", "Nice shoes!! I love Shox and they are hard to find, these where exactly what I wanted! Will by more when needed.", "I bought these shoes for my wife and we were surprised on how beautiful they look. The color is more vibrant than the one shown in the picture. I would recommend these shoes for someone who needs anti-pronation.", "These fit perfect for me and I am happy to have found them on Amazon.  They are no longer in my local stores and are the only sneakers I have found that protect me from heel injuries when I work out.  I will order these again!", "Great Shoes -- fantastic service through Amazon as always!  These are very hard to find.  I teach aerobics and strength training and the lateral support in these shoes is unbeatable.  Great service through Amazon.  I can always count on!", "In excellent conditions! The product arrival was fast! And very much exceeded my expectations. I am very happy with the purchase. They are very comfortable, sober, classic, I really love them", "Fast shipping, got it when it said it would come in. Love this shoes looks so much better in person then online. Love it, love it. Debating if I should buy another pair and put it aside. I've never been so happy with buying tennis shoes I'm more of heels person but I need a nice pair for work.", "I bought these for work. I'm on my feet a lot during the day. And it seems to me the more you wear them they better they feel. I know that these are supposed to be a running shoe but, for a lot of walking they're great!!!!!", "These shoes fit pretty true to size, if anything, slightly narrow.  I have an older pair of Nike shox and they've lasted forever!  Love this style!", "Good everything is good , but you have to remember they dont ship on weekends. That part which i didnt know but know im just overall happy they got here.", "The nike diamond turfs 2 are some nice shoes, I recently got some for school and i highly recomend you get a pair . the color is flawless. and the shoe is great and last long.", "I bought it for me and i am very contented with it. thnx so muchits so beautiful on my feet :)))", "These shoes are wonderful. Super light weight. Comfortable with zero break in required. The soles are medium softness which gives the feel of walking on air. Too bad they are discontinued. So am buying every pair I can find.", "I like them but I wish they came in 10 1/2. Other wish they are a great shoe, I bought them for work on the day I have to be on my feet.", "Great shoes! I liked this model very much. It looks so big and heavy but they are so soft and light....", "I bought these shoes for my daughter to exercise in. They were shipped fast and just as advertised. She loves the style and comfort. Another quality Nike product.", "These boots are very good. The touch they give on the ball is unlike any other boot. They are also at an excellent price. Five Star!", "These cleats are super light, I feel so much faster with these on. Also, it doesn't hurt that they look super cool as well.", "Our grandson is a goalie.  He needed to have goalie outfits (head to toe) of different colors than used in the league ... purple was one of the choices.  We are so happy that you offered purple cleats in his size!  He loves these!!!!!", "I love these shoes! They are ultra cute and very comfortable and arrived very quickly. The only bad part was that I found them on another site for $65 a week after buying them.", "I had been looking for tennis shoes, shox in particular. I found these, with a great price, my size and perfect color mixture. i ordered them, got them fast, and love them!!", "These shoes are incredibly comfortable.  They are entirely mesh, so your feet can really breathe.  The traction is great.  Highly recommend.", "The Nike shoes i just got from you are so nice, not only confortable, but elegant, and i love i got them so quick.", "I purchased these shoes directly from nike because it just so happened I found them on clearance. They are great comfortable shoes perfect for going out or working out. I am a teacher and I do zumba and these shoes are comfortable if you plan to be on your feet for a long time.I ordered these shoes because I was looking for something black and red (school colors). I was somewhat disappointed to find black and HOT PINK shoes when I first opened the box. The colors still look great together and I have received so many compliments on how awesome they look.They also took a couple of days to wear in. The first two days, my feet were hurting, but now they are very comfortable.Overall the feel of the shoe is great and the look is great. Only warnings would be to prepare for a HOT PINK shoe and maybe some time to break in the shoe.", "I bought this shoe in size 8 1/2 mens for my 13 year old son.  They inner liner sock slips into the shoe too easily at the heal when he is putting them on and he needs to hold the tab at the top of the liner sock to slip his foot in.  That would be fine if it he didn't need to push so hard to get his foot in while he pulls up on the tab.  He commented that he was disappointed in the design of the shoe  and he needs to wear snug fitting socks to be able to put this shoe on. Anyway, once they are on, they are comfortable and look great.  If you are in a hurry or don't like fussing with your shoes to get them on, these shoes will not be for you.", "I love this shoe!! I have heel problems and usually wear orthotics in my walking, running, workout shoes. These shoes are so comfortable that I don't have to replace the in-soles.  My feet feel great after a workout. I've bought 2 more pairs in different colors.", "my feet have grown.  i used to be a size 10 women's.  but in sizing my foot in a store, i found that i needed a much bigger shoe.  the men's 11 is good. i am pleased with the sneakers.  as usual, the service is excellent.  i am saving these white ones for &#34;best&#34;.  i have plantar faciitis in my heels and must have full support.  i cannot wear sandals this, a fact that  i regret.", "Excelent shoes. Been using Vapor Tour for 2 years and was scared at first, however, fit perfect (size 10) and it provide great support. No other brand can deliver great shoes as nike does.", "I wanted to buy tennis shoes for myself. I did research online and narrowed down on this shoe and few others from Adidas and prince etc. I wanted to make sure that what I buy will fit me perfect. I went to the store and tried many pairs of shoes. Surprisingly, this was one of the cheaper options available yet it fit much better than some other costly options from other brands. I'm fully satisfied with these shoes and much happy with Nike brand.", "Have not used them, but look fine . I tried them any way and seem fine for me. I sure they will be ok", "Loving these shoes, great comfort, traction and grip, even in a somewhat moist court. inside of the shoes feel comfortable, and you feel light and secure when playing.", "Tough to Rate - I gave the shoes away to one of my office employees who loves them.I am sure the shoe is great, but do not order it without trying it on.I normally wear a size 10-10 1/2 shoe and a size 11 nike basketball sneaker, but I couldn't get my foot into this trainer.It did make my employee very happy.", "This is my 2nd pair of the City Court VII's so I knew what I as getting into with this purchase. Great lateral support and durable. I play weekly and my last pair lasted 6+ months. They are nice and snug when new but break in nicely to shape to your foot. Recommend to anyone wanting a quality shoe without having to pay $100+. I usually wear an 11.5 or 12 depending on the shoe and I get these in size 12 so they are pretty true to size. The uppers are excellent and by the time I had to throw out my last pair of these due to wear on the bottom, the uppers still looked really good.", "I chose the highest rating because they were a gift to a challenging person to shop for and he loves them", "I normally wear a shoe size of 7.5 but for sneakers I use a half size more. This one just fit barely: I had to loosen the strings:Looks good but it is rather lightweight, I guess that is the norm these days. Soles are good, cushion adequate. It is the top that bothers me, should have a bit higher arch. For its price, a decent product.", "i just needed a pair of sneakers but when i got these i was shocked how nice they really were and they fit perfectly", "I've started playing tennis and do not want to abuse my excellent running shoes so I came across the City Court and fell in love with it. Excellent design, firm, stable. May be not as professional as other high-end tennis shoes, but for beginner like myself it is great so far. My Adidas Supernova Sequence 5 running shoes fit me well with size 8, but for the Nike City Court I need to go to size 9 because the width seems to be smaller than Adidas. So there is a bit extra at the toes, but probably it does not matter much to me. At $50 for a pair of descent tennis shoes, you can go wrong with the City Court. Recommended for beginners whose feet have small width.", "the service was excellent, and the product is perfect for play this shows are so confortable. compare with others this one is softly.", "FANtastic shoe. super comfortable at a fair price... so what are you waiting for, RUN, SURF  the web; the longer you wait, the price goes up. Are you kidding me! Don't you deserve them? So why are you reading my stupid review? ORDER THEM NOW!!!!", "These shoes are super cute and are great for a quick use to yoga class where I take them off. The toe holes are a bit narrow so they may need some breaking in. Overall, good for looks not for exercise.", "These shoes are really great! I've seen other reviews saying that they are narrow or a bit closer to the foot, well yes they are narrow at first but it's because these are running shoes they are meant to be closer to the foot but either way your foot will break them in and also they kind of fit like high heels so that may be another thing to get used to, this is from my personal experience. Overall these shoes are great", "me encanto. gracias. muy lindas las zapatillas, el material super y la talla exelente. muy buen producto. envio rapido y seguro", "me encantan son super comodos para caminar, se ajustan al pie,siempre los utilizo, i like so much for today !", "I just received these shoes, but I have to say, they are very comfortable. They seem to work well, as a walking shoe, or just to wear around the house. A very, well made shoe.", "These shoes run true to fit and are very comfortable.The fabric is awesome: a matte finish. I wear them for weight lifting,and bootcamp.It does simulate being barefoot. However there are some things I would change: The ribbon type laces started to fray after wearing them twice and they knot up very easily. Also when I do mountain climbers or planks, the toe block (which had a very nice nike free logo in black) has lost its black polish and the white lettering has shown thru..ugh I really liked the all black look. Oh well...I would purchase them again and can't wait to use them for running.", "These shoes are so comfortable I just bought another pair.  Not only do I wear them to work out but also with jeans.  The red ones are a nice bright color and the fabric is quite resilient.  Highly recommended!", "My favorite thing about these shoes is that they are practically waterproof. They are the only shoes Ill wear when I walk the dogs through grassy or woodsy areas because they keep my feet dry and clean. They are lightweight and comfortable and very easy to clean (just wipe them off).", "This is a perfect light weight running shoe. Practically weightless in fact. Fabric is cool with the imprinted swish. Very comfortable.", "this shew is awesome for my daily rotten! they are light and extremely fixable, it took me a little time to get used to but over time I found them to be comfortable and blister free. My only concern is they don't have the best arch support for strenuous exercise like running. But over all its worth your money", "i really like them, i had some other pairs before thats why i bought this one again and the prices was really good as well.....", "They are comfortable, lightweight and stylish to dress in casual or sports.I liked and recommend.It can also be used for running.", "These are a good accurate indoor soccer shoe, they have a great feel and are extremely comfortable. My only problem is that they cut into the back of my heel, other than that they are great.", "As an avid walker/runner, I was in the market for a great pair of new shoes and had been wearing lower budget shoes for years. Although my sketchers were comfortable enough, I was ready to take a chance on a shiny new pair of Nike's. These have been a fantastic investment and they are cool looking too! You won't regret putting these on.", "Hey, I'm a stocky guy who loves playing football (soccer) and doing tricks & flicks on folks and was in the arena for a new pair of tugs. I was impressed upon opening the box (I couldn't believe they had my size 13), the leather & rubber material was comely to my eyes with the stitches all around plus I like the logo on the sole of it. It is very comfortable compared to other cleats especially if you are a stocky/heavy set person like me. The grip in mud and some snow is amazing (live in the northeast). You will have to keep an eye on cleaning it because its white. Don't delay & pick one up and remember any thing is possible with a good idea and hard work plus determination to back it up. Cheers!", "The shoes fit very well and are extremely conformable once i wore them for about a day. I love its ability to produce a good touch on the ball.", "Recomended a 100% amazing fit really one of the better shoes i ever wear no wonder why the rock wear them", "they're good, sturdy shoes.  i wished i would've gotten a 9 because i feel they're a little too big, but they are still really comfortable.", "These are a great fit and comfortable. . . as long as you stay on smooth surfaces, anything other than a perfectly flat surface and my feet felt every bump.", "I love these shoes and will buy more in a different color. They are the most comfortable shoes I have ever had. They are almost like being barefoot with a sole (soul)!!!", "I use these shoes for all kind of gym training and they are the best training shoes I've ever had! They are so comfy - I don't really feel them, and stylish. They are true to size (I wear 6.5 and these shoes in 6.5 fit perfectly). I would highly recommend these shoes for all kind of gym activities. I also don't think they would suit for running, for running I use Nike running shoes.", "I originally bought these in grey and purple at Nordstrom and liked them so much I bought 2 more pairs.  I'll being buying more in different colors.  I normally need more room in the toes and this satisfies me.  Plus I have always found Nike shoes to be the only ones that don't rub my heel.  Thanks.", "I love this sneaker they are so light. They feel like slippers. I will buy them again in more colors", "Great shoes, very comfortable, and the black on black works great for the business we are in. Wish they made the same model for men, since my wife loves these, and I could use a pair.", "I wear these sneakers for my job, bartending. Very comfortable and breathable. I also have worn them at the gym and to jog. Great all around shoe!", "Great fitting and comfortable shoes, love the simplicity and light weightness of them. Great for every day, would like in more colors too", "I bought these for my fiancee, she has flat feet. She says they are the most comfortable workout shoes she has ever had. I might get a pair in mens.", "Love these shoes! I wear them all the time, it feels like I'm wearing nothing. There so lightweight and comfortable. I would definitely recommend them to anyone :)", "I was so soooo sooooo pleased on this shoe. It is the most comfortable shoe I have ever put on my feet. It is so light and flexible, and not to mention they are super cute!:) I like that they are not huge, and bulky, but fit your feet just right. I am in Love! definitely recommend these to anyone!", "perfect fit.wouldn't of found these same pair in stores and it was 20$ cheaper than the pair I first got", "SHOE WAS JUST AS I EXPECTED, TRUE TO SIZE, LIGHT WEIGHT. JUST RECOVERING FROM FOOT AND ANKLE SURGERY AND IT  WAS SUGGESTED THAT I GET A GOOD RUNNING SHOE FOR SUPPORT;", "I love these shoes!  They are light weight and very comfortable! Got them on time, and am happy that I bought them.", "Great shoes. I own two pair. Perfect for walking vacations. Just rocked mine in Venice.I would recommend to anyone who likes to walk.", "I love the TR shoe line.  They are lightweight.  Not the best traction for running or hiking. I use them for weight lifting and light gym work but I would not do any heavy foot training.", "Great fitting shoes. So comfy !!!!!! I would purchase again and again. I am pleasantly surprised I was unsure when I ordered but I am a believer now.", "I work at a very fast paced restaurant I have to stand for over 8 hours, this shoes are so comfortable I don't even know why I didn't have this shoes before. Sometimes I don't even know I have sneakers on. I'm just in love with Nike fit I just want to get them in all types of color.", "Love, Love Love these sneakers!!!I am truly pleased and the fit is perfect. I was somewhat skeptical about ordering online because I like to try my items on before purchasing. I took a chance and I'm glad I did. The compliments never stop and they are beyond comfortable.I work  in the healthcare industry so I needed a sneaker that would  accommodate the long working hours standing on my feet. For me Satisfaction was Guaranteed :-)Thank you!!", "He states they feel good and are what he thought they would be. He is very pleased with them. Yay.", "This shoe is great for everyday use and activities in the gym. Very comfortable for my feet. Not to mention that it is also very beautiful.", "EVERYONE AT WORK LOVES THEM AND ALWAYS COMMENTS ON THEM AND THEY ARE SO COMFORTABLE IM GOING TO BUY NEW ONES AGAIN SOON!! :)", "these shoes look great and are overall comfy. but there is not much arch support. but they do look awesome!!!", "I love these shoes they are very comfortable. I ordered the all black because they go with everything. If you are thinking about ordering these tenni shoes DO IT you won't regret it.", "Great comfort, great look.  Advice: Nike's run about 1/2 size small so order + 1/2. the comfort is great, very soft on the feet", "These shoes are exactly what I expected, they are very light and flexible and great for cross training.I would order them again.", "Great shoe! Good fit. Went half size up from normal size. Didn't realize the different levels of sole padding. Level 2 has less support. Still good for my purposes.", "I generally do not spend $100 on a pair of tennis shoes, but these were worth it. They are extremely comfortable and trendy looking too. Just to note, these shoes do not provide a lot of support for running, if that is what you are looking for. These shoes are very light weight and are comparable to Nike Free3 in terms of support. If you like running shoes with the most support possible, these may not be for you. I love them because I do not even notice them on my feet because they are so comfy!!!", "Never have tried Nike sneakers and I was very pleased with these ones.  Very confortable and looks great, it's a perfect choice for workout.", "they look fine, but the support is not as much as I would like. The colors are attractive and go with most outfits.", "True fit great shoe but not a great running shoe. No support cushion to run but it's a nice casual sneaker.", "When I first got these shoes for my daughter she loved them, but when track season started she used these shoes to run in. she went for a run and came back home with a whole in her shoe. I asked her how she got it and she said that she tripped and it ripped.", "This is not a review I would just like to know what color shoes are for sale here Black as it says or the new color that is portrayed in the photo?????  Just had a reply and they are the color in the photo. Thanks just ordered the last size 8. I love these shoes this will be my third pair. Awesome for crossfit and cross training super comfortable. I am normally an 8.5 in the Nike free 3 but in these I am an 8. Hope this helps. Great shoes highly recommend!!!", "These are so perfect.  Light as air.  They hug my heel and arch snugly but the toe is roomy.  It is like wearing socks.  I am more comfortable in these shoes than out of them.  Truly the best shoes I've ever worn in my life and I am 64!", "The best Nike's yet forms to how your feet are shaped and comfortable. Great for exercise and walking.And looks good too.", "Everything about these shoes is awesome. My foot runs a little wide and these shoes fit perfectly. Extremely comfortable and light weight.", "These have got to be the most comfortable shoes I own. I use them for cross-training classes, strength training, and all that jazz. I have ran in them a few times and that was a mistake on my part. They weren't made for running, but I didn't even think about it since these shoes are always my go-to shoes for working out. These were a great buy on my end and I'm extremely happy with my purchase.", "I just love the way these sneakers look overall and when I am working out it does not hurt my feet at all. I really recommend these Nikes.", "he loves em....what else is there to say...? He would rather them be the material that's easily cleaned cuz of our dirt parking lot", "I like these shoes alot... Yeah kind still volunteering fully did cash offense digger that's cramp duct jugs artist those", "A lil tight, might have to upgrade a sizeror break em is a definite must, but im very pleased with the quality of the product and I admire not having to go to the mall to get them, I will be ordering more.", "My son loves these shoes- he has three pairs now!  They hold up well and he's says they are comfortable.", "All in all a great shoe for the cost. My husband absolutely loves these and is anxious to get another pair.", "I love the Nike brand and Shox style. I think these are the best running shoes Nike has ever came out with. I am a firm believer in these shoes. I will never go to another style. I feel more energetic in these shoes as they give me bounce back when I run. Relaxing feeling shoe, contours my feet and very comfortable. Thank you NIKE.", "The shoe fits awesome and i like them, they've lasted a few marathons now and they are worth every penny.", "The Shoes are great but are a little small for the size.  I'm like 90% sure that they are authentic.", "Did not get a chance to be able to rate them beacause they got stollen out of car the day after I got them.", "He loved them. The size was right and they are really beautiful and comfortable. He got many compliments. The picture is accurate.", "I been able to double my running with this shoes. They look heavy but surprisingly they are super light tight construction will definitely order more in the future shipping was excellent package was exactly as you would expect from a retail store awesome service", "This is the 5th pair of Nike shox that I've owned. I love the styling, comfort, and color of this pair.", "My son loves his shoes. This wasn't the style he wanted at first but he loves them more than the style he wanted.", "I've been wearing similar Nike shows for many years, the heel provides extra shock protection and stability, good for someone who's nearly 70.  It's very comfortable.", "the shoes are beautiful, I like the nike brand, are pioneers in the development of sports shoes. These shoes are the best in the world, will always be my first choice", "The sneaker have homogeneous color, it is lightweight and strong in the same time, to my daughter it like very much", "I purchased these shoes because I needed a new pair, and I am not interested in the excessive neon colors that are available in athletic shoes these days. I ordered my usual size, and they are fairly comfortable, but my pinky toes hurt a great deal when I first started walking in them. They still hurt, but not as much. I know they will eventually stretch out a bit to fit my foot, so I didn't return them, and they are comfortable otherwise.", "Shoes were great, fitted true to size. Are great fit tennis. Came as described. They are very comfortable. And I received them quick.", "The quality of the shoe is excellent. The cleat placement offers great traction in hard/soft/turf fields. The \"shot\" padding on the tongue doesn't really do anything for me, but it's nice to have a little protection in that area. The grip pad on the inner part of the upper really does allow for some great curve of the ball. You can actually see the curve path of the ball when using these cleats.The only thing this shoe really needs is a little more padding in the sole. I seem to keep getting blisters every few weeks when using these cleats.", "love this shoe and the price i got it at. will use this seller in the future for sure. sneakers were new and size was correct. picture looks exactly like what i received. thanks amazon", "Good product. Right size. Delivered on time. Realy light and smooth. After using I could update this review. I'm happy with this product.", "These shoes rock!  They fit perfectly and they look awesome on!  Very stylish and fun!  Just ran four miles yesterday and love my new sneaks!", "They are so comfortable and I love the style and they are really good to run in . Thinking about getting my husband a pair =]]. I would so highly recommend these shoe to anyone", "They have great arch support, and they are very comfortable running shoes. I've only had the shoes for a short time but I love them so far.", "Flexible, comfortable and great for walking.  I already wore one pair out and bought 2 more just like them.  Need I say more...", "I was a little worried to buy these because some of the pictures looked a little strange but these are awesome! I got them very quickly and I haven't had any problems. The sizing is perfect.", "I found it a little snug but it fit well. When choosing a good running shoe you dont want too much wiggle room because that leads to blisters and backache. These supported me perfectly during runs and workouts!", "Great fit... Lightweight perfect for working out. Been looking for the right shoes for the gym and running, found it.", "I bought this pair as a gift for my wife. She seemed to like them, she uses them for work and says the support is great. She's a nurse so she's on her feet for long periods of time. The shipping wa fast and secure. I received them in two days without any trouble. I would buy from the seller again.", "thought that the appearance was ok but after wearing just a short time, found that they were not that comfortable", "These shoes are awesome! I've been buying the Triax for the past several years and I decided to switch it up and I did with these. And they're worth it! Super light, comfy, perfect for training.", "Product as described, full comfortable support. The shoe is light weight making it easier for my workout. I totally recommend this shoe. Great colors also", "This was a christmas present for my daughter. Was something that she wanted and will probably wear them out.Light weight and comfortable.", "I love these, I'm stationed in Korea and love to wear them when I have to do a lot of walking in the snow.", "The shoe was a little big for my son but he loved them which made me Mom of the Year!", "I would buy another just like them they are great & I love them thanks I would buy more of them I have a black pair just like these it's the only kind I wear as they don't hurt my feet", "I chose these sneakers because they are so comfortable and stylish (I had them in high school) they are tough to find in the color combo you want.  They were a little large and the vendor was excellent and exchanged them for me.  Excellent business, very fast shipping.  Will definitely purchase from this vendor again.", "Shoes are very comfortable to wear. They are light weight and comfy to walk around in. Not a lot of support for working out.", "My son liked these boots and needed a new pair so I ordered them. They arrived quickly and were in good condition. The size fit my son perfectly and he was happy.", "I found these boot to be a perfect fit for my grandson , He enjoys his boots on a daily bases.", "my grand child will not take them off. he loves them and they are water proof perfect for rainy days", "The shoes are of good quality, comfortable and resitente material. My son loved it and the price is right. I recommend them.", "Bought this hoody for our 9-year-old nephew for Christmas and it is perfect. The fit is perfect and the really loved the &#34;Go Long&#34; on the front. Well made and perfect for a gift.", "I absolutely love this pair of shoes. I am more prone to barefoot running, and the flexibility of these shoes are not at all restrictive on my feet and they feel great! I was so very happy to find them for a good price! Seller shipped very quickly and overall, the experience with this purchase was A+!", "All items are great", "I've had these for over a year and they still look like new. They are VERY LIGHT, I dont know what they weigh but all I can say it it feels like I am walking on air.. I love them. I hope thay dont stop makeing and selling them.", "These shoes fit true to size (unlike some styles of Nike, which run small).  They have a memory foam foot bed and are sooooooo comfortable!  The black, silver, and white are very cute and hide dirt.  I love them and can't say enough about them!", "I had been looking for this shoe for sometime. Found the grey in the mall but still wanted the black and this seller had it. I was ecstatic. Ordered right away and product was sent right away. Very pleased!", "Another great Nike quality item!  Great colors and well made...actually bought 2 different colors in this style. Highly recommend this product", "These sneakers saved my feet.  I started running more recently and went through two pairs of shoes trying to find something that didn't hurt.  I have over-pronation and medium to high arches, and these shoes were great.  Super light, super comfy, but tough enough that I wore them hiking and running through the Sedona trails. Great buy!", "My daughter loves this stylish cold compression shirt by Nike.  It keeps her warm and looks great on her.  Nike does it again great style , warmth and comfort.", "I love this combat bra!  Very comfortable and durable.  Many compliments!I would recommend.  It fits well and I love the feel of the fabric.", "LOOOVE MY NIKES!!!! They fit Perfect! They Look Perfect!! Very sexy running shoe.I get great compliments and highly recommend the Performance !!looks and Wears Well.", "I was using the Air Max 2009 since they initially came out. I absolutely loved those shoes and would primarily use them for the gym .After a while of using Air Max 2009 I started getting a lot of heel Pain and was diagnosed with Plantar fasciitis. Upon Further research I found out that Air max 360 have known to cause this issue.I have now switched to the Zoom Vomero and use custom orthotic insoles with them and just the heel support and cushioning have made a huge difference for me . I have started working out again and the pain in my heel is way better than before.I generally avoid running because of the plantar fasciitis but  I am starting to use the treadmill lightly now that this shoe is giving my feet the support they need!I picked these up at Finish Line and paid the same price as Amazon, but its just that I wanted to try the shoes on before I bought them. Definitely a good buy.", "I have very high arches, and a wide toe box.  These shoes are light weight, comfortable, supportive and a all around great every day shoe.  It does move a little bit in the heel if I have thin socks on though.", "great jacket.  super reflectivity  but I usually take a small and ordered a medium and glad I did..it is snug on me", "i love this jacket for night runs! it is perfect and just as advertised. the price was unbeatable, the supplier was very accomodating, and the jacket arrived on schedule. Highly recommend!", "This jacket is truly incredible - offering unbeatable reflectivity and making the wearer highly visible. I got this jacket in an XS and wanted to share that I think the sizing is comparable to other NIke running jackets (and vests) that I have - yes, it is fitted, but I believe that is simply to keep it from being too flouncy while running. A woman in a car even stopped me on the way home to ask me about the jacket - she said I was very noticeable from a distance and called the jacket, \"Awesome.\"", "I have been looking for a light weight reflective jacket to run in for years. This jacket is great!  It provides wonderful reflection as well as protection from the cold and airflow openings for when it starts getting warm.  I would highly recommend this jacket.", "Beautiful, lighter, soft, excellent for running, this shoes are amazing you can have any shoes that you want but Nike running shoes are the best!", "Stable, comfortable and durable.  If you're looking for a shoe that's geared toward cross training, you should consider this one.", "I love Nike Shox, and when I saw this color theme, I had to get it. This shoe gets me so many compliments, its crazy. The girls love them! I wear them to work, and my feet are never sore anymore!", "These are the most comfortable shoes I have ever owned. In September 2012, one day I walked 16 miles in Amsterdam, The Netherlands. I proudly own three pairs.", "It's what i was looking for. Comfortable, nice and the most important... Almost All Black and the price was excellent, because here in my country i did not find a black nike and the prices here are almost the same and here we don't have with this colors...", "Excellent product arrived on time the desired size, very gentle jogging shoes.Very good priceExcelente producto llego a tiempo la talla deseada, zapatos muy suaves para trotar.Muy buen precio", "I have been wearing Nike Shox for a long time now. These pair must be my favorite though. They look very stylish and are incredibly comfortable. I was a little skeptical about ordering them online because I usually have a difficult time finding the right fit with my shoes, but the day I put these on they were a perfect fit. This was a great buy.", "The shipping was immediate & the shoes are excellent quality!! Our son say's that they are very comfortable & he gets a lot of attention for his cool shoes at school.The size does not run large or small. They were right on the money for us.", "excellent high quality rubber, a premium model since they are atatomicas and fit the foot, the fabric is very strong and durable", "This are with out a doubt the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn! They give such arch and sole support. Plus, they take away the shock and impact with every step. The seller is amazing also! With such quick processing and shipping I had them the next day ( with next day shipping of course) Great investment!", "I knew that shox's were mainly for fashion but I was expecting them to be a little more comfortable than they are. but the do look great.", "At first I had my doubts because of how the materials looked. But I must say they are very resistant, I'v had this shoes for almost 10 months and they look great, the sole is practically intact. I use this shoes at least 3 times a week. I do recommend them. They are very comfortable and look very nice.", "Hi I need 2 pairs of shoes size 8.5. when you will have that sizeNike Shox Turbo+ 12 Mens Running Shoes [454166-001] Black/Black-Metallic Cool Grey-Metallic Cool Grey Mens Shoes 454166-001I hope your answer. help me", "Hello,I bought this item for my boyfriend, he is really happy. I saw the running shoes and i love it.Thank you so much!Greetings,Silvana", "These shoes brought me lots of attentions. People kept looking at them. I think they look too good for me. It's very nice looking and the yellow bottom is a bit bright.", "These running shoes are very light and very comfortable to wear. After saying that the shoe looking just awesome is an added bonus. A little pricey but definitely worth it. Wearing these running shoes I feel I can run faster in them. Really.", "Amazing most comfortable shoes I have purchased this year! Highly recommended for runners, and for athletes, their light and snug.", "great product son loves them and says they are like running on air great choice of running shoe  will highly recommend", "I think this might be the single most greatest most awesomeness bargain ever. I placed mine in a shadowbox and mounted them on the wall.", "This was my first time to purchase a footwear on-line, and to my surprise it was an excellent bargain for a Nike shoe. It suits all types of activities from just taking a stroll to running and office work. Also, it was an eye catcher ;)", "This shoes are great, its fit me like a glove.  I recommend this shoes for daily activities, not just sports.", "got these shoes for a friend. he loves it. looks better than in the picture surprisingly & he said it's very comfortable. definitely got my money's worth. he even likes wearing it when he walks around even though my friend & i got it for him to wear for running & playing volleyball ahha", "I got these shoes to replace my old Nike's that I use just for walking and parkour. They fit snug (good) and have good support. For the price they are what I expected, reliable.", "Sporty and comfortable high performance very strong in my recreation activities. Design and modern colors! generally recommend it as a good shoe.", "I purchased these shoes and the only problem was that they sent it to the wrong address and didn't want to send it to me again, and I have to drive 30 minutes to get the package. But the upside is that the shoes were very nice and my dad loved them.", "These spikes were very good for track and very useful for the high jump.  I would purchase them again. They were extremely comfortable.", "This shoe looks a little different than most Nikes, but it is a great shoe.  I have had several people ask me where I got the shoe!", "These shoes are very good for every thing  especially running. These fit perfectly you don't even have to worry about them being to small. That is all for the review. sincerely, mystery", "Air ventilated ,most comfortable shoe ever said my sonGreatest mom ever!Yeah this is a great NikeMy son loves the traction he gets he can't slip in this sneaker and he can run fast. LolThis sneaker stays together so far and still looks new after months so far since April", "I love these shoes to run or just to walk around in.  They are very comfortable and light! I'd definitely purchase these shoes again!", "I love these shoes! I put them on and don't want to take them off. They are the most comfortable indoor shoes I have ever put on. They actually have shape to the insole instead of just being flat and they have eliminated the shin splints that I used to get on a daily basis. I wear a 7.5 and I had to get a 7.5 in mens.", "The colour is beautiful.The sneakers is on time, it's on mode.This the profesional sneakers for the profesional people.The price is good.And is a real sneakers", "I was surprised on how light and airy these shoes are. I dont use these shoes for jogging, just your everyday shoe. The grip is excellent, and almost feels like your wearing socks..............", "I use this shoe for daily use, I feel very comfortable with them, buy a measure to my feet but they sent me one with a larger number, but I tried it and I were very good and the number they sent me was correct.", "Another great Nike product. I've been running in Nike shoes for 30 years and this shoe fits right in with classic Nike running styles. Great fit, good rebound, solid heel cup, flexible body, and a nice, thick sole with grip on uneven trails and dirt roads. The laces are self adhesive so they don't untie themselves. Love 'em.", "Stylish, warm, good fitting pair if indoor soccer shoes. They are suede and leather and very warm. The yellow swoosh is very cool.", "very good for soccer players who love to shooting and record goalssize was very perfect  ..quality is the best", "The Nike Total 90 Shoot IV TF men's turf shoes in size 12.5 arrived in perfect condition free of defects and without any damage to the packaging.  The pictures didn't do them justice as they looked even better in person.", "This top is flattering on and I liked the look of the fabric. It is wool on the outside and a synthetic layer on the inside; great idea to address the itchiness of wool. Unfortunately, the fabric snags very easily - almost like a pair of nylons. My shirt snagged the day I purchased it. I checked the shirt's reviews on the Nike website at the time (I no longer see any reviews on their website for some reason) and a couple of other customers experienced the same issue. Hopefully, they will revise the fabric to make it less snag resistant in the future.", "These are my favorite athletic shoes, I always get Vomeros. I loved the black on black color but these wore out faster than any other pair I'd ever had including the pair I own now.", "Great for the money, Lighter weight than I thought, but my son likes that about them. I would purchase more like these.", "Great looking  pair of shoes. Waterproof, comfortable, and durable. The only downside is they do not offer wide sizes.Other than that great shoe.", "Amazing shoes, they do feel tight so ,5 more in your size would be a good choice.The weird inside of the shoe is nice!!!", "IF YOUR THINKING ON BYING THIS GO FOR ITS 1000000% SAVE. THE BOX IN PERFECT SHAPE AND SHOES EVEN BETTER THEN IN THE STORE, NO WAY TO LOSE WITH THIS DEAL. VERY HAPPY WITH THE PRODUCT IN OVERALL IM GLAD I GOT THEM FROM HERE", "When the ground is very firm, these boots are the most effective I've ever worn, without needing a full stud. The grip is great and they feel like a glove.They will help your skill levels, but if you're not David Beckham already, they won't make you play like him.", "Nice shoe and fits well. It doesn't have the best grip and the shoes are insanely bright! But overall it's a good pair of indoor shoes", "I ordered this shoes a while ago and i have no complains yet! Great shoes and size was what i expected.", "Honestly have worn NIKE running shoes and others for years. I always have had no problem with size in my case TRUE TO SIZE and with room for cushion socks. Clean style and nothing fancy, a good running shoe. Try them out.", "Very nice sweatshirt. very good quality. Looks very comfortable. My son will love this gift. I can't wait until christmas.", "They are too smallneed a size 11and some metal spikes but he likes the style of the shoes thanks so much", "I have had many pairs of Nike shoes, these shoes once again shoe me why I keep going back.  I prefer full foot air, and these shoes are exceptional.  Comfortable, supportive, and great looking all in one shoe!", "this shoe is supper comfortable, but they are only $109 at Nordstrom! baught them for my brother then went back and got a pair for myself. the Nike+ is also realy great, if you dont have an itouch or iPhone i recomend the tomtom watch to go along with it.", "I had worn these sneakers for about a week, and one day when I went to tie them the lace ripped right through the eyelet. I ended up going to Foot Locker, because I thought I could just exchange it there, apparently this was last years style. I paid more than what I should have. Foot Locker was gracious though, it was in their system, so they allowed me to get the newer model as an exchange.", "OKay for a Nike tennis, but quality is doubtable. However this is not for sports use, so, it's just fine.", "I bought these shoes 3 months ago because my old running shows lost their comfort and support. I was looking for a running shoe that would truly absorb the shock of running outdoors, provide support, plus look good on my feet. These shoes have far surpassed my needs. They are really comfortable and I recommend buying a pair.", "Comfy and stylish. The shoe fit true to size and they are very light weight. They quickly become your everyday throw on sneaker!", "Great! The product was Right on time and reasonably priced.  I am very impressed with the service, quality, and comfort.", "great shoes for a very low price! on top of that, one of the most comfortable shoes ever! great alternative for a cost efficient running shoe.", "My daughter is very delighted with the look, fit, and feel of these shoes. Everyone of her friends wears Nike's and now she is happy that she fits in. A really pretty shoe. Looks even better than the pictures.", "I bought these shoes to wear while playing softball. They work well in the grass as well as on dirt. They are very comfortable. I'm so glad I bought them!", "the shoe is comfy. i had a pair before and couldn't find them anymore. thanks amazon.... i plan on doing a lot of workouts with this great shoe.", "shoe is great... just too small.I now know my shoe size and will not make the same mistake again.", "Love these shoes! they fit perfect and are beautiful! i didn't realize that they had no tongue at first but i still really loved the way they look and fit. i where them almost everyday, so comfortable!", "This is a very good running shoe, great arch support and all around comfortable. I love the Nike Lunar Swift shoes and also own a pair in pink. I tell all of my friends and family about this great running. I will definetly buy another pair of the Nike brand. I love my Nikes.", "Got these running shoes a month ago! It is extremely comfortable and looks stylish as well. very reasonable price. Happy!", "Nike has done it again with a pretty good price I had these shoes for about 10 months now and they are holding up great. Still pretty white and have no holes. They still have pretty good grip under then yet. I work at my utility job with these on. Also i'm a 18 year old kid and i'm hard on my shoes.", "Ordered this cleat for my son for baseball, they are true to size and seem well made, good for the price. He is pleased with them .", "12 year old son absolutely loves these shoes.  They fit well, are comfortable and he thinks the style is great.", "Great buy on a great product. My feet stay warm and dry on morning trail runs. Won't run without putting them on now.", "Love these shoes! So cute- I got complimented on them 3 times the first day I wore them as well as asked where I got them! Thanks amazon, another great purchase!", "I have these in my Gym at all times and wear them on my treadmill. light and comfy!! Look cute as well. Fits to size and good shipping. For sure recomend", "The fit is great - my wife was having ankle problems running with her old shoes - time for new running shoes - these look, feel, and breathe great!  The fit is true.  Quick delivery.", "I absolutely love Nike's Lunarglide line!  These are the most comfortable athletic shoes I've ever worn!  Great fit, fantastic cushioning whether I'm running or hiking - I actually bought another pair to wear hiking as they can get kinda dirty - I managed to lose my running pair and had to buy this replacement pair.  I live in the desert and these breath well which is a big plus!.  I have to admit I actually have a third pair on order because I liked the color.  Yes, I'm hooked!", "I ordered one for my girlfriend, it arrives very fast and has excellent quality, she loves it very much and I highly recommend this product!", "Shoes arrived on time or early for Christmas. Simple, neat, and tidy transaction. No suprises, just great shoes quick and quick shipping", "Very good shipping.  Shoes are good not great.  Little disappointed in the insoles and the firmness of the shoes.  OK for running and light but not the best NIKEs.", "great sneaker.  very comfortable.  vibrant colors.  don't really understand the nike + part of it but am very happy with the shoe", "I love these shoes. The colors just pop, especially when I'm wearing pink. They're also comfy as most Nike's are:)", "I have had these shoes for a few months now and I love them. They are so comfortable and I always get compliments on them. Very happy with my purchase!", "Very comfortable and appropriate shoes to play football. Everybody wants to be in my shoes. Everybody loves them. I am very happy with this acquisition.", "Well made.  Very comfortable and great running shoes.  Holds up well when wet and clean up easy. Love the shoes", "This is the very best running shoe I have ever tried, and I have tried dozens of shoes. They look great while also protecting your feet and joints from the harsh pounding of street running. I even bought a spare pair so I won't have to find a new shoe if these are discontinued.", "This particular purchase was a birthday gift for my 12 year old brother. He is an active 12 year old boy who is on a soccer and football team. When I asked him to review these shoes his words were \"Amazing,, these shoes are comfortable and I love them\". So in conclusion these are one of the best purchases I made through amazon.", "Excellent Shoe....*Classic high-top cut for comfort and support.*Leather upper for durability.*Foam-padded collar with Achilles heel pad for protection.*Fabric lining and a cushioned sockliner for all-day comfort.*Lace-up front and a foam-padded tongue for optimum fit and feel.", "Great shoe for the price and comfort!  They have been put through 2 seasons and still going strong!  Hope his feet slow down.", "just what  i ordered thanks again amazon i would recommend these to anyone who is looking for some good shoes, feels good on my feet gonna buy another one soon", "This was exactly what I wanted for my boyfriend. They are even prettier when they came in the mail. The picture doesn't do them justice.", "I love these, a little more &#34;thick&#34; than I thought they would be on the top, but it makes them a lot more cushioned. I LOVE the color. It's just bright enough for people to notice but not too bright to be pretentious.", "THis was my main concern when trying to buy shoes. I was looking for a lightweight shoe that would be gentle with my feet and lessen the friction in my ankles and soles. This is an excelent shoe for that and running outside or in the track feels very comfortable.", "I actually own 2 pairs of the Nike Toki Canvas Shoe, this black grey right here and a light brown colored pair with a white bottom. I believe it to be a very aesthetically pleasing item due to the canvas material. It doesn't quite pop out/jump out like Nike shoes do, which I prefer, more of a perfect compliment to a nice/to the right outfit. An everyday shoe versus the Nike 'athlete's' shoe. The bottom is rubber so durable, no complaints on the sole in regards to comfortableness and pretty easy to keep looking clean if you so desire.Normally when it comes to this style of shoe, Nike isn't the first brand to come to my mind but I think they did a great job with the design/appearance, coupled with the quality, durability you come to expect with the Nike Brand. And also in the end, you can still boast that they are Nikes and recognition that recieves.", "Always happy with Tokis and this is a nice colorway. They're comfortable too so what more can you ask for?", "The shoes have a good design which is common for many of Nike sneakers, but usually that means sacrificing comfort for looks. Not with these shoes, they are very comfortable with nice padding and don't feel cheap at all. These shoes are well worth the price and I would recommend them to anyone.", "I've worn these shoes most days for about a year now, and they still look and feel the same, which is a good thing because these are so comfortable.  I recommend.", "Nice pair of sneakers, very comfortable I own 3 pairs in diffrent colors. They are not made to excercise in but to just use then going around town.", "I wear them as part of my uniform for a while..first time ever the quality was not so great.. but last few models were lasting more then year witha a descent form and visiual appearance even if I was wearing them every day.increased number of different colors and styles make them even more favorite on my list..", "smooth, walking on the clouds best tennis shoes I had purshased they worth the money, fast delivery, I'm ahappy camper,thank you nice experience", "Nice shoe with a bit of timeliness. Kool fit and look lots of comments. Sold out quickly over four years ago at premium prices now a deal.", "I've tried many different types of running shoes and these are the only ones that actually make me want to run more. Very comfortable!", "excellent product. 100% recommended. timely shipping and good quality. to continue sending this.Comfy nice looking shoe ...Great shoes. Comfy and seemingly durable - I've only had them a few weeks, but overall They Do not Appear To Have weak spots like I've had similarly designed shoes from Skechers.", "Bought as a gift, box was heavly damaged and tapped together. Shoes on the other hand were great, leather and nubuck.", "The best shoes like a mlb playerGood shoes fit like a glove, durable and quality materialsVery comfortable and light", "I liked these sneakers so much that I bought a second pair in blue. They fit snug, have good grip and they look good both with shorts and jeans.", "Nikes, especially the lunar glide series are amazing! They are so comfortable and they look great too. LOVE these shoes! I wanted these colors and could'nt find them in the women's so I purchased the men's in a size 8 to fit my size 10 and they fit perfect.", "the shirt was fine, but i needed to exchange for a smaller size, which they did not have. i had to get a return authorization and i paid for the return postage. i was glad i requested package tracking, because i was still not refunded 10 days after the receipt date. i emailed webzoom with the return proof and got a prompt response and refund thereafter.", "Haven't had a chance to actually wear them yet, but I tried them on & I  can't wait. They look so cool!", "I really enjoy these shoes, they are very comfortable and I like their look.  I would happily buy them again.", "I've been using this shoes for some months and they feel very comfortable. I'd not say they are very durable because I can already see some wear and I do not use them for running; only walking and mostly daily use. One of the rubber sides that have been worn out shows some of the green-colored interior of the shoe which does not look good. They feel light and that's something I like, but I believe that's the reason they are a bit fragile too.", "Is there going to be a size 11.5 coming anytime?id buy a pair if my size was available to be purchased.", "Seller provided excellent customer service.  Answered all of my questions in a timely manner.  The shoe was just as described.  Was looking for these shoes everywhere to gift, I was so happy to find here.  Nike never disappoints, great quality, great style.  Arrived quickly, would highly recommend.  Thank you!!", "These are very rugged and comfortable. This is a rare combination of shoe. Get exactly your size as they are snug on the foot.", "My son loves it! Very easy to wash-wear-- nice and soft! I tell him it is &#34;mind-shattering&#34; for intelligence! ;)", "I've had these shoes for a few months now and they are still holding up. Usually I rip through shoes really quickly, so I am surprised to see that they are still in good condition. Very stylish as well. Good buy.", "These shoes have held up well and stay pretty clean looking due to the dark colors.  not the most comfortable I've ever worn but for kicking around and an everyday shoe they are great.  Intense walking and exercise they did start to make my toes/front foot sore a bit.", "Been using these comfy shoes for months and i never been happier to wear it every time i worked out. Worth what i paid for!", "I bought it for golf, but shoulder is rather small, too fit.Not easy to wear  a shirts under this  for outwear.I am considering of best usage now.", "They are very comfortable! The are wide, the color's are great, and the shoe is supportive! I normally wear 8 1/2 but I bought a nine", "LOVE IT! These shoes feel great and are feather light. I would highly recommend> I got then for working out at the gym.", "they are comfortable and i get no pain in feet even after hours of walking. and walking. and walking. and walking.", "Bought these for my son. He loves them for walking and running trails around town. Using on concrete and dirt and they are very versitale and supportive. Love the great arch support, can wear all day!", "The shoe seems to be &#34;unisex&#34;, as the advertisement stated &#34;men's&#34; shoe; however, upon receiving it, noted it to be advertised as a &#34;women's shoe&#34;. However, my son loved the shoes, and didn't know any differently, and the company stated if there was a problem with this, they would gladly accept the return. (I decided to keep it..) My son has no complaintss. Is extremely happy with them!", "Like my previous pairs of Free TR's, this is so comfy to just walk around in, but I like to use them for weights in the gym. Sometimes run in them but I prefer to use a more \"springy\" shoe. Great color for a change. The lining will be great for running in Bogota.", "GREAT SHOES. OUTSTANDING SHAPE. GREAT VENDOR. PRODUCT ARRIVED 2 DAYS EARLIER THAN EXPECTED. THAT IS ALWAYS A PLUS!!!  I WILL DEFINITELY PURCHASE FROM THIS VENDOR AGAIN IN THE FUTURE.", "the shoes are nice and all but too much money the shoes are $56 so too shorten it up good shoes bad price", "I love these shoes! If I could still find them I would buy more. I have two pair now and my feet feel great in them!", "Buen zapato me llego con todo y caja original de la nike, aunque la costura del mismo no me complacio por completo, la plantilla no viene con algun logo de la marca.", "These shoes are very comfortable. Fine perfect. Great for walking/jogging and everyday use. I love mine and wear them almost every single day!", "I'm a CNA. 8 hours a day on my feet. My husband picked these out and done a really great job. They are extremely comfortable!!", "I like these shoes. They are cute and comfortable. They are also easy to clean. These shoes have held up well to. I think they are a great value.", "Great sneakers but i would recommend them for spring/summer due to the mesh material. Other than that, I love them for fashion.", "Great fit!  Awesome comfort!  When I saw them in the store, I did not stop until I found them in my size!  I am so happy with the color purple!", "es muy c&oacute;modo el zapato, los colores son muy vivos tal como se ve en la foto, son muy frescos por el sistema de tela  deja entrar el aire a traves del zapato, en lineas generales es ideal para hacer deportes, solo veo algo no favorable, el pl&aacute;stico o goma de la zuela, resbala en la humedad, eso no ocurre con todos los zapatos deportivos que he tenido", "These shoes are great!  They are comfortable, light, and look even better in person.  I am very happy with my purchase!", "I love these shoes! They look great and feel great!I bought them before a Vegas trip. Got them in the day before we left, put them on and I was good to go! Love them!", "Excellent", "Used them for a marathon and lasted through it. They are comfortable and good to run with. I still use them.", "The Nike ACG Woodside size is somewhat small/tight.  I boot will need some stretching before they fit comfortably.  The tightest spot is the stitching between the rubber and leather. I love the way the boot looks, but I hope I did not waste my money if I can't get them to stretch.", "I live in Chicago. This is probably the best item I bought last year. Highly recommended. Every penny is worth it.", "the shoe is an original nike and its just really great stuff... really lite, and good for runnning or just walking around.", "I would have to say everything was excellent. Great shoe, colors and fit was great. Thanks so very much Coach.", "LOVE THESE Nike Men's NIKE INSPIRE DUAL FUSION RUNNING SHOES....As long as you know your shoe size it's not a bad Idea to buy your kicks online, the price is great & they got to me MAD QUICK", "I really like the feel and comfort of the Nike Shox. I use them running around the lake, or around the house. I would buy another  pair.", "Bought for my son. He loves them. Dressier than athletic shoes, but with the comfort. Great with jeans or khakis.", "the shoe is very rigid, it lets you know in a silent way that its in control of your movements and not you. its very beautiful. i never knew that Nike not just make boots but also mature looking ones too. its doesnt have the consistent signature of nike  whereby the nike logo is plastered all over the shoe so that the whole world knows you are wearing a nike product. with this brand, im very sure that a lot of corporate men would love to lay their hands on it.......if only they are made aware of such a unique, different lovely pair of boots. an example to illustrate what i mean by sayin it doesnt follow the regular nike pattern is  by saying for instance Lamborghinni goes into SUV production. majority of the whole world believes that they do not produce SUV's but very few are aware or even know that the &#34;Urus&#34; was launched  at the Volkswagen Group Night in Beijing, China, April 22, 2012. bottom line is............its a wonderful pair of boots just waiting to be known by all rather than the conventional trainers or sandals or sneakers that the whole world knows", "These boots seem solid,look good, maybe not as immediatly as comfortable as my last keen boots, but I think they'll break in fine,hard to review because only time will tell, They are boots.", "So lightweight and comfortable. Great looking boots. I am really enjoying them and my coworkers have said they look great.", "Perfect fit and very comfortable I thought they were going to be very narrow like all Nikes are for me but these shoes are perfect in every aspect .", "I love these sneakers! Stylish, comfortable and a great price.... what more can you ask for?  Lol i also have the silver ones", "This shoes are size 9 but in man size,this is 27centimetres,  they are 10 in women size , ( see the sizing info), The seller must make a precise description of the product, to avoid errors", "It fits very well! I really love this shoes. It is very comfortable. And the price is good. It is really worth the money.", "this is the third pair I have purchased they fit and wear great look good with most things I wear, too old for white tennis type shoe", "Youngest son love his sneaker and will purchase more in the future! He loved the so much awesome buy folks", "These are perfect for showing off a nice new pair of kicks when brand new.  When they get a little scuffed, work even better for work boots.  Excellent traction, extremely comfortable and durable.  I had to get a new pair because I beat the hell out of my old ones and they held together well, just looked like....well, like I beat the hell out of them.  I am a home inspector so I'm on roofs (traction), all over exterior and interior of homes and still presentable for my clients.  I will buy them as long as Nike keeps selling them.  I also got a great deal on Amazon for my second pair.", "I like the leather construction of the shoe.  The shoes are easy to get on and off.  However, the connection between the tongue and the shoe caused blisters on the top of the 4th toe on each foot even though I always wear two pair of socks when playing basketball.  The toe box of the shoe is also somewhat narrow.  The shoes may feel better after more wear but I don't think I would buy another pair because of the discomfort in the toe of the shoe.  I purchased the shoe for its leather construction and high ankle support.", "I like Nike shoes and in particular this model, its style, pretty good design and very comfortable. I'd recommend this one", "They were perfect for him.  Exactly what he wanted  They're a very nice clean looking shoe that can be worn for casual or even kind of dressed up.", "Comfortable, durable, waterproof. I have hiked all over Colorado foothills in them and they are wonderful! If you buy these boots you won't be disappointed.", "Loved this shoes! they are super confortable! Nike never lets me down.It feels so soft inside and I can reccommended it to anybody!", "Great shoe Nice style I have them in white/blue & wanted then in black so I decided to get them I was if'y about buying them online . But it worked out .Got them quick and as expected .", "I bought this for my husband, it fits and looks great.  He says its very comfortable and it even gave him about  an inch more height (thats a plus)", "Its simple. Love the boots, recommend the boots, however buy you some Dr. Scholl's gel insoles and you are set to 100% comfort!", "I'm a women that was looking for a fashoinable boot style somewhat tennis shoe that speaks for itself but also capable of standing through different types of weather. I chose Nike as the brand for their popularity and quality. I made an awesome purchase. They are mens boots and they happened to be perfect for me. I've only worn them 3 times and have received compliments every day they were worn.", "From the look of them,  first thought there were gonna be snug and I was going to have to keep wiggling my feet to get in them, but I didn't me and my daughter likes everything about them.", "Great style, great fit, and they look good! Only downside is they are not lined so wear thick socks. Nice sole unlike comparable Uggs at $150.", "Shoe is comfortable and looks great.  Best feel and colors look good just like the picture.  They are a little overpriced but worth it.", "EXCELLENT PRODUCT AND PRICE .EXCELLENT QUALITY WHAT OTHER BRANDPRICE IS GOOD WHAT OTHER BRANDSI LIKE THIS COLOR AND MATERIAL", "excellent product, very comfortable and cool, very good quality, they are very beautiful, are perfect for touring around, and its low weight comodidiad", "I love this shoe so much, I bought three pairs to put in reserve because Nike doesn't make them anymore.  So why review it?  If you did not buy any, It does not matter.", "Purchased these for my granddaughter she was very impressed with them the fit was just right she wishes they had them in more color, this is great.", "Purchased this sneaker for my Son.  He said they fit great. He is really happy with them. Received shipment quickly.", "He loved the color and had to wear them right away! They were supposed to be for school.  Perfect condition, color, and size.", "I have both this shoe and the regular air max 2012 running shoe. Both are awesome. This one is just a bit heavier but supports the ankle a lot better. It's just a much stiffer shoe. It feels like there may be more air pressure in the pocket. I'm not an expert, but the air max 2012 is lightweight and feels almost like you're not wearing a shoe, and this one is just a more durable rugged version. Like maybe for running, but off road or something. I like it. I love it. They look great. You should get them you'll be glad you did.", "these shoes are really great and look good with just about any jeans youre wearing,. i buy nike leather because they are more durable than any other shoe i own .. tough to break in at first but there are always tricks to that.", "Shoes were as pictures right size came in on time very happy with this purchase not a knock off brand good shoes!", "I always enjoy some good shox that fit, and when I say \"fit\" I mean that I feel like they were made for my feet. Now I'm just waiting for a pair of steel toe or hard toe slip-on boots(or lace-up) that fit this well.... Hint hint Nike... Big business.......", "They look better from the side than they do from the top. From the top they look like you're a tin man in the wizard of oz, but they're nice and nearly comfortable for shox. Shox are not the most comfortable running shoes, in my opinion, but i think they're more trendy-ish than functional. Surprisingly, they don't feel as narrow as usual and formed well to my feet.", "The Air Max Conquer ACG Boot is everything I was looking for.  It is well-constucted, comfortable, and stylish.  Oh... and waterproof.  I don't know that they would survive \"all-conditions\" but I purchased them to wear around town and for light camping and hiking.  I think they will serve me well in that capacity.", "Is OK But The Material Is Too Hard The Lef Sneaker Is Tide and The Rest Is OK Thank You", "These fit great and look great. I have received quite a few comments on these shoes as most everyone likes them and are surprised to see that Nike has made something in this style.", "I bought these for my boyfriend and he loves them and thinks they're so comfortable. They fit good and he wears them everywhere :) just got a second pair in a different color. Would recommend.", "these shoes are amazing. i bought them because i liked the style. they fit as expected and are made good all together i love them", "I bought these shoes to wear on weekends with jeans. They are comfortable and stylish...not to mention easy to clean.", "He claims they are the best shoes ever, and that's why I'm looking on the internet for some new pairs for him to take to college.  (Wah!)  What I like about these shoes, as a mom, is that even after lots of wear they still look decent.  They don't get ratty in five minutes like other canvas shoes.  Get some!!", "This product fits like a glove.  There is no break-in time required.  From the moment your feet go inside they are comfortable stable and allow great performance. 60% of my day is spend teaching classes.  I own and operate a Fitness Studio so comfort and performance are extremely important", "Found these sneakers in the Nike store but they didn't have my size so I went on Amazon and, of course, I found them AND they were cheaper!!! LOVE,LOVE,LOVE Amazon. I love these sneakers, they are comfortable and provide the support I need.", "I ordered these shoes for my boyfriend for Christmas and they fit perfect. He absolutely loves them. Not to mention they were a littler cheaper on amazon which was a score!!!", "Love shoxs! They are my favorite sneaker! I have five pairs! I needed these for my trip to California.... They are wonderful thank you so much!!", "I absolutely love these shoes! The hot pink is perfect and they shipped quick. I am definately happy with my purchase and even happier that I found the perfect shoes :)", "I love this sneaker. Its super comfortable and the delivery was really quick. Also fits true to size. Would highly recommend to others.", "These are the only shoes that fit my feet. If you are me, then you need buy no other shoe ever. If you are not me and need an extremely comfortable shoe for narrowish feet, you may want to give them a try. They are lightweight, durable, good for walking or jogging (not so good for hiking on slippery rocks, but who needs magic?) and very reasonably priced (but if they are made by slave children in Sri Lanka, please don't tell me...). When I go jogging at night sometimes they're all I wear!", "This is an excellent shoe. It fits very well and is very durable. They was also very easy to clean. My husband loves these sneakers. Great and durable quality", "LOVE the colour combination of these shoes. They are SUPER comfortable and pretty lightweight too. This is my second pair of LunarFly+ 2's and i get many compliments on both these and my other pair.Fit is true to size - i like how they look on my feet (don't make me feel like i'm wearing clod-hoppers) and would recommend them to friends.", "Like it very much, nice color, fits perfectly but a little bit slippery in the rain.I recommend nike very much.", "Due to health, I walk two hours daily.  I have tried and discarded so many brands and styles of shoes in the last few months it is crazy.  I would try them on at the store, walk around, think I had the perfect shoe, get home with them and try walking on my treadmill, or the streets where I live, and there would always be something I wound up hating about them.  That has not been the case with these shoes.  I have had them for about a month now, and I wear them every day.  I have walked many miles in them, and so far no problems.  I always buy running shoes for walking.  I find you get much better padding, and overall design.  These shoes have a wide and high toe box which is seamless.  They are not only wide and tall in the toe, they are also long.  This means no rubbing my toes at any point, and no blisters.  They cup my heel nicely for a really good fit, and hit all points of my feet in just the right places.  At the end of two hours of pretty intense walking, the only part of me that is not tired is my feet.  Happy to say for under $100, I have found really good shoes for running/walking that suit my feet.  My great toes are dominant, so the toe box is always of importance to me.  These are the most comfortable, well fitting shoes I have ever walked in.  They also support my high arches quite well.  I would purchase these again, and recommend them to others.", "These are very comfortable and are exactly why I was looking for. Love them!  I walk every night and they are like heaven for my feet.  Very good support and cushiony.", "Took awhile for my son to adjust to the stiffness, but loves them now.  The look great and were a good price", "These rock for your yoga, running, pilates, cardio. ANY work out! I am 6ft1 so these fit JUST about right although maybe an inch longer for the inseam would work better, at least for me. They are slim fit so they ARE tight. The fabric is great and doesnt stretch out and look cheap after a couple wears. Totally recommended for work out wear for tall ladies!", "These were a Christmas gift for my daughter and she loves them.  They are a perfect fit.  No buyer's remorse.", "I own three pairs of these pants.  I have found they are perfect length for someone who is shorter; I am 5 ft 4 in.  They don't drag on the ground like most pants, and they fit well without feeling too stretched or too loose-a perfect fit.  The pant is lightweight and doesn't feel too hot when wearing them, and they keep there shape no matter how much you wear/wash them.  The color fades slightly, but all pairs have been through literally dozens upon dozens of laundry cycles.  A perfect pant for \"shorter\" people!", "I do really like these pants for lounging, however my intent was to use them for running, and they are a bit to flared for running.", "I wear these pants daily (not the same ones, I have multiple pairs). As a telecommuter, these are my standard uniform. Very comfortable, good fit, and soft. Quality product.", "Had a great fit and love the style. I would recommend to anyone active. Great for winter work outs. Thank you", "I love these pants, I have 5 pair and I might buy a couple more. They are not like the original dri-fit that had the draw string, (I wonder why Nike stopped making them), but they are still comfortable and they fit nice. I take them with me whenever I travel, they are comfortable to wear on the plane and look nice enough to wear when sightseeing. Love em!", "Young girls love the confidence in going to school with the best looking casual wear but also the most comfortable.  Can't go wrong here. My daughter is long the stock too! :-)", "My all time favorite.  I am a size 14-16 - they fit great and don't shrink when washed.Love them.", "Great fitting - so hard to find good nike pants these days and they stopped making all the ones I used to wear.  these come as close as the older models.  They fit wonderful", "Our granddaughter loves these shoes and wears them just about everyday to school.  This was a great purchase because it made her so happy.", "These shoes are everything I knew they would be, always getting compliments, and questioned how much I paid for them...Love Them!!!", "I bought these last year, originally they were stylish casual boots, they fit great, they are warm and durable. They started to break down after about 8 months of daily use. I'm going on a year and they are used as work boots. They are beat to hell but I love them. Can't beat the price either. I'm hopin to get another pair soon.", "had these for a while now. They shine up averagely but feel great. Everyone always comments how the are &#34;Nike's&#34;. They remind me of my army days but more awesome.  Will get a second pair for sure.", "great boot...nice solid black color....great for working environment....i am on my feet most of the day....very comfortable...pretty good for snow days...not recommended for deep puddles but overall good coverage and durability...also looks heavy but very light on your feet...highly recommended!", "I've been wearing Nike shoes and boots for over 30 years, and they never Disappointe, fast shipping and exactly what I expected real comfortable, Thanks Amazon and your Partners", "Item arrived on time. The shoes look and feel great on my son. These shoes were hard to find in the store and I am grateful that Amazon had them for sale. Great boots for fall and winter goes well with my son's school uniform.", "I really love these boots, this was an incredible buy and the boots fits nicely and looks great on my feet.", "These Nike Mens Boots are well made and well crafted; I ordered myself a sz 10.5 and I admit that they do fit somewhat snug. But after a little &#34;breaking them in&#34;, they're just fine and ready for wear and work. Plus I didn't have to pay $100 or more for these, I got these boots for under $80. The soles of the boot have sturdy rubber bottoms while providing support for my feet and the leather for the boots themselves is of great quality.", "This is one of the most comfortable shoes i ever worn. Sometimes it's as if you are wearing running shoes. Would definitely recommend it.", "I got them for my boyfriend and he's using them everywhere.. very comfortable.. shipping was fast.. over all very satisfied. I would def. Buy again", "bought these boots for my husband he loves them, they're a little light but its ok they get the job done", "These are my first Nike boots. I always wear Timbs. I will continue to wear timbs but these boots are great contenders and are a great additional to the wardrobe not to mention their comfortable and are exact size to my foot size. I did not have to buy a half size smaller as I do with timberland boots. I've worn these on a hot day and in the snow and their quality both ways. Awesome boots!", "These were perfect for work. light weight and water resistant. look very nice too. The last pair i had were the af1 military mids. these are just as nice", "I got them for work and I'm using them everywhere.. very comfortable.. shipping was fast.. over all very satisfied. I would def. Buy again", "Best ACG Boot made by far! Comfortable and lighter than the GeoTec ACGs. Plus you get a little more ventilation.  My 3rd Pair and counting.", "Son loves this hoody, it's a quality jacket with Nike quality and the dark green/black color combo are a favorite. Great purchase!", "Like running and walking on drug store cotton !!! Love them, will purchase them again. Size 13 fit's good.Because of the mesh top,better summer time ,spring ,fall time out door runing ,walking shoe.", "These turned out to be really comfortable shoes. Great for working on concrete all day and they let your feet breathe.", "Shoes arrived on time just as it listed I'm very pleased with the shoes color is great the only thing  is they fit a bit tight even though i loosen up all the shoe lase still didn't seem to budge mayme these  shoes arnt ment for wide feet but eather way I'm keeping them to wear around the house to see if I can break them in.I will update this review in near future to see how they turn out. 5 stars for style 6/4/2014", "The purchase was all that I wanted !!! The shoes has an high quality and It was very cheap to be Original Nike, I think that was an excellent purchase. Thanks so much 100% recomended", "I bought these for my son and he loves them. They never show dirt and are very durable. They go with everything.", "he loves them, very light weight, fits his extremely narrow heel. wish they came in more sedate colors for daily wear.", "These are my husband's absolute favorite shoe! He is on his feet all day and will only wear these shoes!", "This was an early birthday gift for my daughter and she showed them off in school the next day. She says they're very comfortable.", "I even bought the second pair & would have bought the third if I had the extra money they are the best shoes I have ever bought for the money as nike air are the only shoes I can ware", "I picked these out for my 8 year old daughter and she loved them ! They are cute , colorful and girly - great choice !", "Runs a little big.  Perfect toddler shoe- goes with almost everything, great on slides. Outgrew first pair, this is replacement!", "If u can get babies feet into this no shoe string to tie up shoe.  It fit would great!  The false shoe strings are misleading.  This could have been a great item and the price was GOOD.  The look was GOOD!  Thumbs down on the false shoe laces (sad face)", "They fit perfect,feel good and look great. I needed a shoe for the gym that could match all of my workout clothes. it was tough at first, Once I found these I knew they would be perfect. I wear a womens 9 but can fit a kids 7. Four  different women stopped me at the gym to ask me where I purchased my sneakers.", "These shoes fit great! The price was perfect! I couldn't believe I found my size, my feet are rather small!", "This is hands down my best flip flop. I own one for the past year and I wear it a lot during the summer. Very soft and comfortable. Definitely recommend.", "I purchased these as my shower sandals for the gym and so far they've been great. They're comfy and fit nicely in my gym bag.", "Really nice... at first i thought it would fit me right. it was going to be to big! but it didn't great price, great product and costumer satisfied.", "I'm not a flip-flop wearer...but I got these as a back-up pair of shower shoes...but they are sooooo.....comfortable, that I've been converted.  If you are looking for a nice pair to hit the beach with or around the house...hands-down these are almost perfect.Nike did it with these...extremely comfortable.", "Bought these for my fianc&eacute; because we travel often and he needed a good comfortable beach sandal. He likes the feel of the sole and says they are very comfortable", "These shoes ended up being just what my son needed.  He was having issues with ankle support with other shoes and these are working out great.", "Great shirt; I have worn and washed the shirt several times. The greatest attribute of the shirt is that it does not shrink. Well worth the price.", "My son didn't want anything &#34;flashy&#34; for school, but he wanted &#34;just a basic Nike shirt&#34;. . . .this satisfied his desires and it was an affordable purchase of great quality!", "These are very nice quality but the fit is small or for a very trim person with a small waist. I do think the quality is nice.", "This is a nice exercie bra to wear under your zumba tanks.  You may be in motion but your bust is not.", "I teach group fitness and am very well-versed in sports bras.  This bra is well made, durable, and provides great support.", "This is sooo good! Feels so great on, so is that you don't feel it on your body. Gives you completely freedom, and so confy. Take my word for it, I practice Tennis, so you can imagine how important it is for me not to feel restrain or uncomfortable in any way.", "I'm a size 6, and I wear a small in this bra.  It's a great fit and it has excellent support!", "Amazing", "Nike bras are the best for running... this is a high-impact bra, I wore it for the first time this weekend, and felt very supported", "I love this bra as I've been looking for it for a very long time. Great shape, great support, great fabric, amazing design.", "I love this top.  It is so soft and stretchy.  True to Nike Size.  Color has not faded despite several washings (and some sweat!) Completely recommend!", "I love this sports bra, it fits well and is perfect for the gym/running. I have purchased FOUR already..the seller is amazing. I placed this order 2 days ago and already received my products. It is a great price for a Nike brand fitness item. Highly recommend this product with this seller!!!", "this bra is okay, it is kinda small, I ordered a large and it fits fine around just seems alittle low cut. I feel like the coverage is not as good as some.", "It's comfortable, it doesn't move when I exercise, and it's nice and cool and doesn't feel like it's really tight. I feel it's true to size. It means what it says, and it says what it means, small is a small. Very good sports bra. I would recommend it to any girl who likes stabilized breats.", "I bought this bra for my daughter and she loved it , says its what she wanted and it is comfortable to wear all day long , and it comes in true size not bigger nor smaller . I recommend it .", "Fits perfectly.  Great for layering and wonderful for the Arizona weather.  Washes well and retains the color.  Received the item quickly.  My daughter wears it for running and loves the weight of the garment and the warmth of the fabric.", "Observations:-High quality material.-Fits tight, takes some time to get them on because they do not stretch well, but that also means they fit nicely once they are on.-Sliding around on the insole is medium.  I have some similar Nike socks but with the grey bottom, and they slide a little less.  I have found some cheaper socks of the same appearance (not Adidas) to slide around a lot.  Ideal (for me) would be no sliding.-Left and Right marked on the sock so it is easy to see, is nice.-They stay up without shin guards.  I have not worn with shin guards.Overall, very good.  I have not found a better sock yet, but I will passively continue to look.", "These are really nice socks, with a nice feel to it.PRO:CushionedTrue to fitStretches nicelyPriceSoccer or footballKeeps your shinguards upGood lengthCONS:No mesh", "I love these soccer socks they are by far the best I've worn. No more blisters!!!  I highly recommend them.", "I got these for my son for soccer.  They were perfect. They look just like the picture and are well made.", "The product fits great, keeps me warm and dry and it just looks great period. I even wear it when I layer for regular activities outside!", "I purchased this as a gift.  My daughters boy friend loves it and I am very happy with my purchase", "I love the nike hyper warm and pro combat shirts/pants they are great! Keep you warm and your muscles warm perfect for training!", "I loved these socks so much that I bought 2 dozen of them. I wear them every day...with sneakers, shoes, boots, whatever. They're perfect. Thin enough to wear with shoes and just enough padding to wear with sneakers. They come up just right at the ankle, not too high and not too low.", "Great product!", "They are dri-fit which is nice, but they seem cheaply made.  The material balls up a bit after a few wearings.", "There isn't anything to complain about when buying Nike products. the socks are well made. No fading after washing and very comfortable.", "I bought these socks for my son. They are all he wears. Fit great and wash very nicely. I recommend!", "Very nice and comfortable socks, cozy, looks perfect , i like it very much, Great quality and color. Thanks a lot!", "Well done packaging, exactly what I ordered, quick delivery. I got these for my boyfriend for Christmas because a few of his old ones were getting holes. He was very happy.", "Thumbs up worth it. Really good for sports or anything athletic. I use them for running or even work. I work retail, alot of walking and standing", "These socks are at a really good price for having 6 socks, Nike, and retain sweat really well.Feels really comfortable and it came within 2 days when shipped. Very glad I got these socks.", "The title says it all. Fits perfectly. I work outdoors and keeps my feet dry all day. I would definitely recommend it.", "great sock, breathes well, very comfortable.  nike is well known company so durability is not an issue.  True to size.  low cut but does not slip off foot.", "These socks fit well and are very comfortable.  I like to wear them around the house without shoes rather than going barefoot.  They are a good value for the price.  (Review written by Bun's husband)", "I would recomment this product to any guy looking for a nice workout sock! They get the job done and they fill great!", "Size is more like 8-9. Great quality just runs small.  I have bought these Nike quarter socks before and never had this problem before.", "My husband loves the color and feel of it, just wished it was a tad bigger in size. Overall, it looks like it fits fine to me. I think it looks great on him! I highly recommend it!", "A good sneaker for the price.  I run every day and the sneaker is holding up well. Definately would buy again. Fit was right too.", "Ordered these for my son and he says they are very comfortable and wearing them every day.  gotta love Nike.", "Excellent for running", "Excelente, el calzado llego con las especificaci&oacute;n mostradas por el vendedor. Son super c&oacute;modos y livianos. Recomiendo 100%  este articulo para las personas que inicien programas de acondicionamiento f&iacute;sico o uso diario.", "Excellent shoes, very comfortable. Muy buenos zapatos, muy c&oacute;modos y de excelente apariencia. Sin ning&uacute;n problema con el vendedor, llego en el tiempo establecido y tal cual como en la foto.", "Yes.....these ARE a great balance of excellent form & function. As they are super comfortable, look great & fit for me is perfect. Seriously, i ran into these locally & they fit so good i bought two pair on the spot. It was barely 10 seconds after i put them on that i was sold. i love the new style of tread, the Waffle outsole...with the individual square shock absorbing nodules as this configuration seems to offer a higher degree of input reactivity from the shoe.It was the look of the shoe that caught my eye at 1st....then i tried them on & Bam!.....they had me hook line & sinker....at that point it was a \"no thinker\" ....looks, comfort & price....all factors in the equation added up to a big oh yeah !!But even if i had paid full retail.....i would be happy as these instantly earned a place among my all time favorite shoes.", "I work as a CMT. I am on my feet all day long. I also do massage work on the side for a major BCS school and had to buy a pair of Nikes that were in that school's colours. The shoes are very light and breathable which is good because I live in the South. They provide the right amount of cushioning for my feet. The shoes are very versitle. Not long ago I was in Colorado visiting some very good friends. They took me snow shoeing one day in Rocky Mountain National Park. I had no other shoes to wear but the Dual Fusion. They were good for most of the 4 mile hike. My toes were getting a bit numb. I wished Nike would have thought to add some additional insulation in the fron for people who might snow shoe in them. I was out on the trail longer than expect because on of our party went ahead and we thought we lost her. Luckily she knew her way back to the car and I didn't have to be outside in the frigid temps too much longer. The next day we went snow tubing in Winter Park. The Dual Fusions were great. Lots of traction thought they were a bit too vented for going down the &#34;expert hill&#34;. I expect to buy another pair in the near future. Good job Nike on making an excellent shoe. Consider a thermal sleeve for snow shoeing and snow tubing.", "I looked for running shoes for over 6 months before purchasing these. I love them so I bought 2 pairs. I have wide feet and can't usually wear the Nike's but these fit nice. They were true to the usual size that I wear. I put inserts in them because I have a high arch and needed more support for running. I've had the shoes 2 months so far and they are even more comfortable now. I gave them 4 stars as they cost more than I usually spend.", "I reveived it the product and I was happy with all that intelled... The shoes were  sent to Usps and it was well package. My Nike feel amazing especially as I work as a nurse, they feel great. I will shop with them again...", "I used to run a lot back in high school and recently decided I would pick it back up and start training for a marathon. I received a shoe fit analysis and discovered I should be wearing neutral shoes, which was a surprise to me. The first shoe I picked up to try was the Nike Air Pegasus 28. I have never liked Nikes in the past, but I was open to change.For me, these are the best fitting shoes I've ever worn right out of the box. It is important to note that I am a neutral runner with flat arches and narrow feet. If you have wide feet, this probably will not be the most comfortable shoe for you. In addition to the very nice midsole, the shoe is constructed very light and shows good craftsmanship (which one should expect from Nike). I have now put several miles on the shoes and they have been amazing. Absolutely no break in required as they have felt great from day one.", "This is my fifth pair of structure running shoes. They are great for my stride as I over pronate. They have the interior support from the extra cushioning that I need na dI can get a few hundred miles out of them over more than 6 months.", "My son loves the style and fit of these shoes. He is now looking for different colors. I think that all the shox sneakers are very stylish. He is very picky about his sneakers, so I was pleased when he told me that he liked them.", "I cannot find these anywhere and they are the only shoes I wear while waitressing.  My feet have many issues and this shoe is the only that is most comfortable.", "These shoes are amazing! They are so light weight that you hardly know you have them on. On top of that they are so cute. They come in a wide variety of colors too.", "WOW! These shoes are absolutely perfect!We have ordered them without having the opportunity to see them in real life beforehand yet we are very satisfied.", "How can I order a shoe that does not list the shoe size, send it to me free if it fits I will pay.", "Bought this for my husband and he likes it a lot. He said being able to layer or unlayer while snowboarding was great and it fit him well even with extra layering underneath.", "These shoes are them most comfortable and supportive I've owned.  I do a lot of high impact kick box cardio classes and these shoes are perfect for me.", "no box made me mad but my shoes are as i expected i have another pretty color in these i barely wear them they fit to a tee very comfy i already knew lol i paid 70 for my others and 125.00 i thnk for these which rose  a red flag i run six-seven miles non stop three times a week i get an amazing run out of these and im 40 they are cool old model and was over priced though my others same shoe from finish line was 70.00", "Love them, Package came before estimated delivery time and good condition. I must say that these sneakers are comfortable, the material is great ,great price, and they are beautiful.", "The bag is light weight, stylish and functional.  I use it often and like the many pockets it has to offer.  The compartments can be used to hold a variety of items including car keys, pad lock, clothes and shoes needed at the health club.", "I've been surprised about these tennis shoes. They are better than I expected. It has a good grip even on wet outdoor tracks or mud. It's cushion is very good and confortable, and protects from some sharp stones you could step over. I will probably buy another one when I need.", "Love these shoes they are exactly what I expected when I made the purchase! Was so happy when they were delivered! Thanks so much! = )", "I get a ton of compliments on these awesome shoes. I love them with jeans or for taking a walk. They are comfortable!!", "Bought these after daughter had knee surgery so she would have comfortable shoes to wear to school and physical therapist recommended them... Great seller... They were perfect and she loved the look too. True to size fit.", "I love these shoes, they go with everything and are super comfy! The only thing is that they are leather so my feet get hot, but I love them and constantly get complements on them.  :)", "The thermal top was just as advertised and nice and toasty during those long, cold runs.  However, the item's location was actually in Europe and no where was that apparent on Amazon's website.  In fact, the only time I knew that this top came from a European dealer was when they sent me tracking information stating it could be 6 weeks before I receive my item!  Other than that, the top's great and arrived in great condition.", "Thank you amazon for this great deal and product. i m very happy with my purchased and i hope that very soon will get more deals for regular buyers like myself.  i strongly recommed the seller, its very secure and i never have any problems with my credit card.thanks and best regardsTony", "These are the best workout shoes I've ever owned. I've had knee and joint issues, so regular exercise is imperative.  I walk/jog on the treadmill six days a week.  These shoes have made all the difference in my endurance and ability to maintain consistency in my workout routine.  They are costly, but worth every penny!", "Love the shoe! Fit nice, and comfortable! I was bummed when I had to send them back because one of the black Nike signs was missing.", "This was a great gift.My daughter said they were very comfortable and loves wearing them. I will purchase shoes on Amazon again.", "I like the shoe a lot...There light and flexible,but they run a little small...I wear a 8.5 normally,But can't comfortably wear them with socks...So I would recommend to order a size up for that purposeBut overall I love the shoe", "My second pair of Free Run+ shoes and I love them.  I wore them once for 4 miles and then the next time for 11, they are perfect to run in right out of the box.  Last time I bought men's because I liked the colors better.  These make me feel like a Smurf, but they are so comfy I don't care.", "I'm in love with these sneakers, are pretty comfy and they look amazing with an informal wardrobe.Estoy enamorado de estas zapatillas de deporte, son bastante c&oacute;modas y se ven incre&iacute;bles con un vestuario informal.", "I bought these for my nephew, a skateboarder, because I read good things about them.  But one the 1st day there was a rip in the shoes and the laces broke within days.", "Love, LOVE, LOVE!!! These shoes!Super Lightweight, grippy soles, breathable, good arch support and very comfortable.Love the color too. I would buy these again.", "I work out fairly regularly (4-5 times a week) and these shoes are super comfortable and true to size.  They withstand any type of workout I'm doing.  I'm going to purchase another pair, because I've had them for a year and am just starting to feel like it's time for another pair.", "Love these shoes! When I first put them on I literally said \"WOW\"... there so comfy! They have amazing arch support which by now you may know I like (from my other reviews). Plus it feels so soft almost like your running on those soft tracks inside or around the football field. Not only that, I fell in love with the toe space. For once there more then enough room for my toes and it's not like I have big toes or anything. I always feel there's not enough room in the shoes for my toes. It's great to run for long distances and not feel like your toes are pressed together. Love love love them.", "I love these shoes. I am not a runner, but I wear them everyday to work as a preschool teacher where I am on my feet all day. They are cute and comfortable! I also wear them to do Zumba and use the elliptical machine and bikes at the YMCA at least 3x a week. I absolutely love these shoes; I only wish Amazon would have had them in purple.", "I ordered these shoes for my daughter for christmas.  I got a good price and good service.  They fit true to size and they looked even better than they had on line.", "I bought this for my son who was very pleased with it. Was a bit skeptical because we never purchased shoes online,  but this turned out great.The Packaging was very good and delivery exactly as advised.  I am now being pestered to buy the grey in this same style for him (lol )will be purchasing soon from this source again.", "these are my favorite shoes they fit perfectly and shipped very fast and are great shoes overall and worth the money.", "I purchased these shoes for running with my dog in agility. Wanted a good shoe, but didn't have to be ad great as the $150 Nike shoes I run in. The Air Citius is a good fit for this - especially for the $50 I paid on Amazon! Very cushiony and light - a great overall neutral shoe that was comfortsble right out of the box!", "I am still trying to break them in.  They are a bit stiff. Hopefully they will loosen up more.  Nice looking and I hope they will keep the moisture out.", "My son really like these boots and they are very hard to find in stock at many store. I was so glad to have found them at Amazon. would recommend.", "thank you so much and my boy enjoy the sneakers.he really takes care of it and appreciate it so much.", "the rating is not enough for this item they are comfortable beautiful simple the best ,they are named all court and i say any time for using", "They're nice shoes but too expensive.  There are Adidas and Under Armour shoes for 25% less. Look for better price.  PLEASE!!!", "I wear a size 11 in every shoe, except this shoe. I wear a 11.5. Other than that its a great shoe for a good price.", "In the photos, it looks nice but in person these Sneakers are lovely, comfortable and just feel amazingly light and strong, good sneakers.", "I only use nike tenis but this one is not that good. Not that beautifull as in the photo and hurts my feet. It arrived by the time they said.", "They are quite comfortable shoes, they adapted perfectly to the foot, are lightweight and compact, the combination of colors black-red - white makes them quite striking.", "Shoes came in awesome condition! They look great, fit great, and are just plain sweet! I would recommend these shoes to anyone who wants to look good and feel good while doing it.", "These shoes are great! The thing that I like the most about the shoes is the solar red, it really pops!", "Shoes are ok. Nothing awesome. They do have this really annoying plastic on the bottom that makes a clicking noise every time I take a step.", "Had these for a while, still fresh. Personally i dont want you to buy them but if you wanna show out for something then you should buy them quick. They're too exclusive.", "Very nice shoes, great design and it feels great for jogging.  The shoes look resistant, good material and very fashinable for people like me that has been using Nike all my life.", "These are the best running shoes ever! I'm very glad I bought them and would highly recommend them to anyone.", "Im sure the shoes were fine.Unfortunately solar red is actually pink more than red.I suggest you know color palate before ordering.", "I'm happy with the shoes and did take the recommendation of other reviews to go a 1/2 size up.  I've been a Nike 9.5 for 20+ years and I'm now comfortably wearing a 10 with this shoe.  I've ran about 25 miles on them so far and they broke in pretty easy.  The only draw back for some would be that they are not as light as many shoes in the $125+ range.  For me, I'm not running marathons so having a heavier shoe provides a better work out and they are robustly built to last.", "my bf love this shoe. it came on time. the only thing is that he has 2nd thoughts if the shoe is an original airmax.", "Got this for the hubby who works in law enforcement and needed good, durable boots...He loved them and ordered another pair.", "I Got exactly what i wanted! They sent it out right away and received it promptly. So far, so good. Thats what i call great service.", "This is a great summer boot very light and comfortable.  May need add an insole if your require a lot of support for your feet.  Overall I was very please with the boot.", "I was very please with the item I ordered. The shipping was fast!!! This was a gift for my son and he loves them", "fit like a sneaker but is not sturdy like a boot.  also true to size.  i would by again but was kind of bulky looking", "The best shoes i could ever buy!!..I wear them all the time, for sports, casual, informal, jeans, shorts.Definetly i will buy this model always.", "I bought this product for my brother and he was very pleased, it fits very well and this shoes are great", "They fit properly", "These have excellent support, comfortable, they get air to your feet. True to size, a great value. I would definitely recommend them.", "These for bought for my mother in law.  She says that they fit very well and are very comfortable so what more can you ask.", "I was looking for a shoe not only for walking but using on gym equipment as well. These are working out wonderful!  I would purchase again.", "I LOVE THEM. YOU ARE THE ONLY PLACE I COULD FIND THEM.  THEY FIT PERFECTLY.HOPE YOU CONTINUE TO CARRY THIS SHOE", "Bought for wife fits perfectly nice looking shoe stylish very comfortable have bought this shoe previously and wears very well", "I wear an 9 in womens Nike shoes. I walk 8 hours a day at my current job. I bought these for work. I had purchased mens Nike walking shoes at a local shoe store. I loved them, I loved the way they fit, they were so comfortable. Unfortunately, the shoes only came in a wide size. As a result the mens Nike walking shoes ended up blistering my heels. Because the shoes were too wide for my foot. I do have flat fat feet. Because I was so pleased with the mens walking shoes, except for the blisters that is. I decided to try a womens Nike walking shoe. I read the reviews and I had wondered if ordering my normal size was going to be an issue or not. Length wise a size 9 fit perfectly. They are too narrow in the toe box area. I loosened up the shoelaces to see if that would make a difference. It did not, I would not be able to wear these shoes comfortably for an entire 8 hour shift. I am returning these shoes. Unless you have a narrow foot, I would suggest ordering a wide size with this shoe. In my opinion ordering your normal size should fine, I'd just search for the shoe in a wide.", "they fit perfect and are comfy and rcvd in a very timely manner would recommend to others have a great day", "These shoes are very comfortable and they fit perfectly.  I was skeptical about ordering shoes on line, but I am very happy with the fit and comfort.", "So perfectly ordered, tracked and delivered!  The ordering process is informative and easy; the tracking nailed the date of delivery and delivery happened as predicted.  The shoes are new, the box clean and they fit perfectly.  I wear Nike tennis shoes every day of the year in my job and they live up to their hipe!  Perfect.  Thank you very much....", "I feel very comfortable  about this shoes. It's nice and light. I really like it and I introduced some of my friend about this shoes", "I've ordered from Shoe Station before and never had a problem with them at all. The old style I used to wear was discontinued so I bought the View III. Very happy and the size is true. This is so much easier for me to order from them as opposed to running everywhere trying to find what I want. They come in a Nike box and brand new and great condition. What I like best about Nike shoes are the arch support and structure of the shoe. They last and are comfortable, but give your foot support.", "I love Nike becasue they always give good support and extra foot room for the toes. I recomend these shoes.", "fits ok but will order a size 9 next time, i love nike women&#34;s sneakers will buy more for sure.", "Never disappointed with Nike -- fit as expected -- wear as expected -- comfortable and last a long time and I even throw mine in the washer and wash them and they come out great.", "Walking the dog every night is made more enjoyable with a pair of good shoes.  These fit the bill.  Highly recommended for all.", "I'm very satisfied with my nike wmns , It is very light and comfortable for playing tennis. My feet look very nice in these pair of shoes", "Perfect, exactly what I was looking for. Just note that it isnt a perfect 5 star because it doesnt say how narrow the shoe actually is. Good thing mom doesnt mind the additional support.", "They are a snug fit around the toe area.  I'm hoping that they will stretch out some. Otherwise. Well made.", "I got these as indoor exercise shoes. They are very comfortable and give good support. Not the the fanciest or nicest looking shoes but they get the job done.", "Need a comfy shoe for work. These are so light and look great. One of my favorite shoes ever to own. I work on my feet all day so very important . Third pair of Nike Views!!", "THe most comfortable sports shoes I have worn and I will sure get another pair soon. You won't regret it", "Nike has always been associated with durability, look and affordability....this shoes is proof of that. Nike fan forever. Thanks Amazon.", "These are very good looking shoes. Just about the only shoe I wear is Nike. I buy mens because I also wear Medical Inserts and gel liners and they take up room.  With these I also wear 2 pairs of socks. I would not buy them again -- I need to wear running shoes that fit more secure.", "So far, so good. I have owned many brands of shoes and nike has always lasted the longest. For some strange reason I wear through shoes fairly fast. These shoes fit great and show hardly any wear so far. I also get lots of comments on these shoes.", "the shoes were advertised as great for those people who stand all day.  and they were comfy fo about a week and then all the support is gone.  still looking for a good walking shoe", "If I remember right I ordered mens size 8.5wide walking shoes", "It's OK", "These Nike Tailwinds were a great buy.  Very cushioned and the price was very competitive.  The forefoot cushioning helps even when you're on concrete.", "Exactly what I wanted, shipping was fast and the shoes are very comfortable. You can use them as running shoes or everyday shoes. Either way, they look and feel great!", "I love Nike Shox and these are really nice looking ones.  I have bad feet (plantar fasciatis and other problems as well) and Nike Shox are the only shoes that I have consistly had good luck with.  They have good arch support and heel cushioning and are light.  I have tried other shoes costing over $100 and have not been able to wear them without pain.  Nike Shox work for me!!", "My husband loved getting these for Christmas. They have saved his feet at work. He is on his feet for 12-14 hours 6 days a week and he hasn't said a word about them hurting when he comes home... I am so grateful.", "Needing extra cushioning nowadays, I love this shoe...which also lets my feet breathe through the mesh uppers.  Black is great for winter, but now I need to find it in white or tan for summertime!", "I like the shoes especially the sole which provides a stable footing on the court.The top particularly the heel is strong and provides a full support to the ankle area. I wish the top was a bit higher up to the ankles. I hope there is another type of the same make that goes up to the ankle. I would recommnd this to anyoe who wants to be on bb court.", "I would recommend buying a size or half size smaller.  They ran big. But a good, comfortable fit and they look good on my feet.", "These fit my daughter perfectly--We ordered the size she usually wears for street shoes. GREAT shoe for the low price.", "This is a great walking shoe got the black and red ones.  Thought I'd get these to match, like the shoe.", "I had a pair of these shoes that lasted at least 10 years - I don't recall the original date of purchase. Over time, I grew to really appreciate the wider soles as they contribute significantly to stability while exercising.Eventually, the soles started separating, so I purchased a new pair of the same model of shoe, and I am delighted with my new purchase. The first time I wore the new shoes, I felt the new ones were even more comfortable than my old ones.Some will say the shoes may look like paddle feet, but if you want the best for your exercising and walking, these are the best you can buy. For us who are older, they are the ultimate in foot comfort for any use. I highly recommend them.", "I received my shoes, and am happy with the fit.  I wear x-wide shoes and most stores do not sell the ones you want in that size.  Very good shoe and comfortable walking in", "nice clean lite shoe.  I ordered a bit too small but still not a uncomfortable shoe.  I got what i order in a fast manner .. Can not ask for more.", "These are simple tennis shoes but well made.  None of the silly fashion trends in these ...just good shoes.  Arch support could be a little stronger but otherwise perfect for what I want.....", "This pair is awesome because it is hard to find in the size I ordered! Its comfortable in every way!", "Perfect for my needs! They are comfy and have a clean look. Great for me to walk in. Sweet Shoes!", "got for my grandson he really liked them good fit also the color is just what he wanted true to size", "Very happy with the item", "I am on my feet a lot at work and I use this as a work shoe !  Very comfortable !", "I like these shoes. I bought these shoes a few months ago and have been very pleased.  They fit well and are very comfortable.  I do have a narrow foot.", "There's not thing terribly exciting about this shoe. It's comfortable but not the lightest shoe I've ever worn. It's a good, solid, everyday shoe that fits well and doesn't make my feet hurt by the end of the day.You won't cry out in ecstasy when wearing it, but on the other hand you probably won't really notice that you're wearing it after a while either and that's what is really important.", "I have gone through several pairs of the Nike View, starting with the original edition. I chose these because they're comfortable from the first time you try them on. They also used to hold up pretty well. When a pair of mine starts looking a bit worn, they get demoted to yard work shoes and I buy a new pair to replace them. Well, all was good until I got my first pair of the View III. Still comfortable but I immediately started having heel pain in my right foot, which turned out to be Plantar Fasciitis. I don't think it was a coincidence. The seams of the Nike III also seem to come loose quite a bit earlier than the older versions. So, after two pairs of the Nike III, I don't buy these any more.", "I wear 12-13 depending on the shoe manufacturer, I've found over the years the shoes have been running smaller and I've had to go for 13's more than I did in the past.  This is the first time I've ever gotten a size 13 that was too small.The size difference is mostly in the width, these mediums feel like size 11's the length isn't much better feeling like a somewhat snug size 12.", "I like a lot this shoes because one are very comfortable to walk and run. It is Nike! the best", "Very comfortable and First class construction-quality. I selected the Grey,s because I thought they were the most stylish. Will be purchasing more Nike Men,s walking shoes, if and when I wear these out.", "The large plastic Nike swoosh on the outer part of shoe  is made of a cheap piece of plastic . (Looks Cheap) I'm returning mine.", "My husband has been wearing these shoes for years and loves them. We shopped locally, but couldn't find them any longer. Checked Amazon and found them at a lower price than what we usually pay. Shoe size is right on the spot and had no problems with the seller. Item shipped quickly. Very happy with the purchase.", "Having worn the same shoe size for over forty years, I was surprised to find that size ten is too small for my feet.  I don't know if this was a one time error or it is how they are produced, but I would recommend trying them on IMMEDIATELY when you get them.  Good thing Amazon is so good as to allow returns for defective products like this one.", "My husband wears this style shoes, only. They fit nice and are comfortable. Will recommend them anytime.Sharp running shoes.", "Happy with the purchase", "I already bought a pair of these shoes at DSW and after I wore them for almost a month I decided to buy another pair, when I went back to the store all they had left was 3 pairs and none of them fit me, I loved the way they fit and the feel of these shoes so I started looking for another pair, when I could not find them I went n line and found them at Amazon so I ordered them.", "I had to get some new turf shoes because mine started to fall apart lol. I was looking around and I found this shoes, man, Im so glad I got them, the fit perfectly, almost like a glove, they really improve you performance too, definitely a must buy even if your not on a major soccer league XD. I got them from soccer4you, a great seller, he helped me with the order because amazon showed he only had size 6.5, but he sent the right size upon request. NIKE NIKE5 BOMBA FINALE (MENS)", "they fit well and look great - semi wide fit so for jump training their great as well as running ..", "They fit as expected. I spend a lot of time on my feet at work and these shoes are light and comfortable.", "The shoes is very nice and has a light weight but the size 9wide doesn't fit it's too narrow as expected.", "I do a fair amount of walking in my small town (several miles per weekend), and these shoes function perfectly in that capacity.", "Bought these for my mom.She really likes the shoes. They look better than what is shown in the picture.", "I have tried many walking shoes over the years and these by far have been the best. I have high arches and these shoes fit just like a sock with all the support in all the right places.", "These shoes were exactly what I needed and the best part was that they were about $20 cheaper than at the Nike Store. This color combination was also difficult to find in the stores.I believe that that Free TR2 is an ideal athletic shoe. It is light and flexible like all Frees, but the TR2 have a much more stable base and more durable material so they are better for cross training,sports, working out. I've played soccer many times with the older models without any problems.", "I bought this for my son who plays basketball. I bought them a year ago and they still look great for a 11-12 year old owning them! My son does take care of his shoes but he is still a kid so I am glad to see that the shoes look great a year later! My son does wear them all the time not just playing basketball. He is just about out of the shoe now but they look very good and I am glad that for the money I paid that they DID NOT fall apart. I would buy these again and recommend them.", "Excellent pair of shoes! Good quality coming from nike! It seems very well done and after a couple of uses I get a good ball control!", "My son absolutely loves them. They are heavier than the Mercurials, but a better fit and better overall ball control.", "These cleats where great when it  came to getting traction on the field and the side grips allowed for some sweet curve shots. One thing I didn't enjoy was that it pinched a little on the inside of my ankle, but once you break them in they are a blast. The inside of the shoe really sticks to your socks and the narrow sole allows for easy handling of the ball. Offset laces provide comfortable longer range kicks. Over all I am very pleased with this cleat.", "Love this sneaker - my absolute favoriteNo other sneaker is as comfortable & affordablePerfect for walking - running - Zumba & step classes -", "I NEED SIZE 10.5.....PLEASE PLEASE...THIS SHOE IS SO PERFECT AND AWSOME...I REALLY LIKE IT....THE BEST BASKETBALL SHOE IS THIS ONE....FITS SO PERFECTLY.....", "I bought these for my son for Christmas, he loves them. He says they are super light and fit great!!", "Theses are great shoes for the serious basketball player. They perform well, and are comfortable, flexile and light weight.  Plus, they have Nike great design.", "Great shoe for just weight training/ cross training. But try not to use these just for long runs.  It'll kill your feet with in time.", "Sweet sneakers. The navy is very cool. These are my teenagers. They are his \"good\" sneakers to wear. Price was right. It's hard to find the trendy sneakers in men's sizes under. $100.", "Great all around shoes.  Comfortable. Great if into sports- particularly basketball.  Fit as expected.", "I just received my new shoes trying them on a run really fine running shoe light weight and flexable, I'll be buying more Nike running shoes in the future!!!!", "Perfect fit, bought for my 11 year old son. Lightweight. He is using them for school everyday. Would definitely recommend.", "Like this shoe for the way it fits (snug and comfortable, accurate shoe size)and seems very versatile...like the lacing on this shoe, very effective as far as making that tight fit for running, but also can loosely set it for easy slip-on and slip-off...I have worn it primarily for just walking around at this point, but it feels more inclined to running rather than cross-training or serious gym workouts (not great for running around on the basketball gym). The slight on this shoe is that it does not have great ankle support, thus no serious gym work, but for walking and casual running, this shoe is great and  looks fresh, makes any outfit look casual, but still very stylish...overall, great fitting shoe, has good ventilation, feels like walking on air, and looks are stylish in any outfit outside of a full blown suit!!", "These Nike FreeZilla's have treated me very well so far. We purchased these from Zappos 6 months ago & they are holding up jus great! Normally i use Nike shox(Nz) but the sale price on the Freezillas caught my attention and i'm glad i got em. No blisters, no broken nails, no ankle issues at all and i've used these shoes for everything my gym has to offer! I mainly workout in the gym with these FreeZillas such as free weights, leverage machines, elliptical, stationary bike and treadmill daily except mondays. Very comfortable for running but i ony run short distances & these shoes work excellent for my run. Other than that the Nikes are super comfortable as well as stylish and i like Nike's styling on most of their sneakers & boots(acg). Five stars for these babies only because i am so impressed what my Freezillas have gotten me through thus far!", "Comfortable and stylish. Well made.  My daughter loves playing basketball and thinks these shoes are fun. She loves the Velcro strap and lace combination.", "i play tennis and i know who comfortable needs to be a pair of tennis shoes and the first time i saw this shoes i said wow! so cool this model and i bought but when i tried them i noticed that they wasn't so comfortable as lunar vapor model from nike, even though they are excellent shoes", "Ordered these shoes for my daughter and they were delivered the day they said they would be.  They fit true to size and we had no problems! A first when ordering cheer shoes. We have not figured out how to change the colors but not a big deal because she can't wear anything in the swoosh anyways. Great find.", "I just got these shoes like 2 hours ago and i can say fairly i love 'em they are comfy and how u can put your school colors in them and that helps 'cause i am  a cheerleader for football and basket ball!! and it matches our uniforms  and every cheer leader has them so .... I totlay recomend them !!", "loved the bright color and I have had no complaints from my son on the fit or feel.  He plays soccer for his high school", "- Correct size.- Correct color.- Good quality.- Very confortable to play.", "They for perfect ..couldn't be better. I would recommend these and buying from this buyer anyday. Cant wait to play football in them and ball out!", "...Cleats arrived exactly in time for my son's soccer game. What impressed us most was the break-in period-totally unnecessary! The shoes fit perfectly and he went from box to game with them and didn't even get a blister. They are softer, more flexible and a lighter shoe for running. We always buy the best shoes for our athletes and were surprised when he didn't want the kangaroo leather shoes again. These were significantly cheaper and truly a better shoe.", "I am in Afghanistan, and the price, the delvery time, and the quality of the product, the price were all GREAT.", "U can tell from surface material that this shoe comes low price . But for overplay ,it will be just fine . Anyway 9.5 is longer then i expexted or i will rate it 4 stars.", "Great quality, i am happy with this purchase, totally recommended, the package comes to my home so fast, and these tennis shoes looks great when i play", "These shoes are perfect for my 17 year old daughter.  They have plenty of room for orthotics.  The boot is deep so it still gives ankle protection with the orthotic in it.  She has tried many shoes - but these are the ones that work for her.", "perfect fit and i wear these everyday when i run!! will be getting more when these wear out!! they are like improved feet to me!", "Good looking shoe and does the trick on a lot of indoor fields. They look pretty awesome too, i'm pretty much the coolest guy on campus. Don't trust me? Being as they are priced they way they are, buy yourself a pair and see/kick for yourself. heheheehehehehe", "Grate grip, but a soft wearing sole. Comfortable, well shaped to the foot and very light. Some how it still give good support.", "Shoes are a perfect fit. Love them on the court.Fast shippingShoes have enough ankle and arch support for side to side pivoting", "Just the right size. Comfortable. Halfway through volleyball season and no signs of wear and tear. Great support and style.", "I love these shoes. My daughter and I have the same size shoe and we share these specific shoes. I love the color and the comfort.", "These shoes are extremely comfortable and stylish.  These are my absolutely favorite pair to wear to the gym, when hiking, on extended outings....you name it.  I've worn them so much, it's high time for a new pair.  I have not been able to find them anywhere.  I really like the color combinations and the fit.  I would highly recommend & definitely purchase again.  :)", "Sweet throwback Nikes! Lots of complements right away. They fit very comfortably. Especially love the magenta laces!  This my second pair, won't be my last", "Great shoes for a soccer player. They wash well and are durable. My son loves them and the price here was better than zappos.", "Thank You. Very Good Product. My Son Is Very Happy. Good Timing Too. Correct Size Info On The Site. Accurate", "Absolutely stunning! They are lightweight and very comfortable and fit as expected.", "They fit perfect", "Couldn't find his size anywhere but online, they fit perfectly and he absolutelty loved them. Hopefully they make it throught this football season.", "Had worn it on grass, sandy surfaces, mud..and traction is super! I no longer worry about slipping when I move, and can concentrate more on my shooting. Great shoes!!!!", "I love these shoes. I love Nike as a brand. Shox are hard to find with a three piece heel, which is my favorite. These shoes are comfortable and wear well if they are anything like my last pair.", "Much cuter than the picture!", "This is a great product. It will fit like I expected when my son is a year old. Well worth the money.", "For $80 you can't beat the price for this pair of Nike Shox.  I love these shoes because their comfortable and they look kinda stylish on Jeans Friday at work.  Watch Colony is also great seller with some unbelievable prices.", "Great shoe for volleyball. Good support and stylish. True to size too. Our team picked these as their shoe this year!", "They were perfect for our trip to Vegas and cheaper than I've seen in the stores love that they have bigger sizes to fit a bigger guy", "I really like this shirt! I love the way it feels and I like the way it looks! I will definitely recommend this shirt to family and friends.", "This shirt fits perfect and is a great shirt to wear when you run or just to wear casually.  You can't go wrong with this, you will love it.", "My child loves the shoes.  Wears 2 school and says they feel great!  These will be my last reviews for anything I order from Amazon.  Love shopping w/you but hate being told how many words I need to use on a review!", "These sneakers came even earlier then they said so that was great, plus  there wasn't anything wrong with them and that's always great.", "I love these so much i bought a larger size just because i can't find them anywhere-great for poolside, or a trip to the store!", "Liked this shoe very much.  Have another pair and couldn't find this style in the stores any more so looked on Amazon.  This style fits my foot so well and very comfortable.  I only buy Nikes for walking.", "Very cute! Super soft for run! The color s great and very nice. Excelent shoes! Nike  is the best !", "I love these shoes! They are so cool and they fit perfectly. I would definitely buy  them again! Great buy!", "These are so comfortable and the colors are beautiful! I love how well these fit even though I have wide feet. Most active shoes will wear on the back of your ankles the first few times you wear them, but these have a thinner, softer fabric that never irirtated my skin or feet at all! I love how the sensor is under the arch of the foot and the insole is a fun grass pattern. These are perfeft for when I work out or am on my feet for long periods of time.", "Came a little late, but they fit well, look perfect and now are my favorite shoes. I would definitely recommend.", "These fit good. They are more like boat shoes, the old flat bottom &#34;sneakers&#34; that were around for years. As such they don't provide as much support as a running type sneaker. But for moderate walking they are good.", "Purchased these for the husband, who is always looking for red and black Nike's to match the logo for his company.  Great price and the carbon fiber is a cool touch!  He's received several compliments.", "My wife has tiny feet and and wears a girls shoe. Nike Shocks are the shoe that works for her. She is on her feet a lot and they provide her the comfort needed to make it through the day. Excellent service through Amazon as usual. Thank you.", "I love this shoes a lot.  Very comfortable! I highly recommend this shoe to anyone looking for style and comfort :)", "fit exactly how he wanted them to fit! best and most comfortable pair of shoes you could buy! worth it", "Not true to U.S. sizes. I wear a 9D but I could probably wear a 9.5E in this shoe. Very snug on toes and sides of forefoot, and yes, I adjusted the laces. I owned a pair of the original Tailwind from 2009 that was true to size and was a fantastic shoe that carried me through two marathons with upwards of 1000 miles of wear before going flat. Seems maybe true size is sacrificed for lighter weight these days. The shoe looks great! That's about it for me.", "this was my first time ordering shoes and was a little worried they would not  be the right thing or size but they got it perfect and when i order shoes next time i will order from here they shipped fast and the shoe was EXACTLY what it was supposed to be.", "Got these as a birthday present for my teenager.  The color and fit are perfect.  I like having the availability on Amazon as compared to going to a high priced specialty store.", "This show is perfect for people with wider than normal feet. No break in time, comfortable as well. I want another pair. Best Nike shoe I have wore to date, even better than the air max", "they are awesome. I like it. I would recomend it to yvon. These r good looking shoes. They r so cool.", "tey are great shoes but they rip easily. its actually very annoying there populer and cool just rip to easily", "I bought these when my lunar glides ran out.  I feel like these are a little harder.  They make a sound as I run but they are a little more supportive than the lunar glide.  Still very light and great for those who already have good running posture.", "Nike Free 3.0 are light comfortable shoes. They are great for running or justwearing them around. They are really good for your feet because they don't havealot of support which is good for your feet. These shoes are great for all agesand they last along time .I have a pair of them. I wear them around and they are really comfortable . When I go to school or hangout with friends I wear these shoes. So these shoes are great for hikes running races or wearing around theregood for your feet.They are really good looking they come in different colors and the Nike sign also comes in different colors. The cost of them is around 50 to 75$ at most.  So if you're a runner get the Nike Free 3.0.", "This is a very nice shoe. Although the picture looks plain this pair of shoes were the perfect elegance of white/gray/black. My son loved these shoes so much that he is holding on to them for no snow, no rain, and no bad weather occasion. As a parent I can say I was impressed with the price and good quality feel of the shoe. However, I must say the shoe runs big...I bought a 12 for my son but we believe 11.5 could have been better fit for him.", "These sunglasses are wonderful.  The lenses are extremely clear.  Ths is,y there pair of nike sunglasses and I am never disappointed.", "estan muy buenos los zapatos para sotfboll  super  lo recomiendo 100% desde venezuela tardo lo que me esperaba ni mas ni menos", "nice looking pair of baseball cleats for my lil 13 year old . He loves them and he says they are very comfortable.", "Great shoe for price!  My son has used for 2 seasons majors and club ball and on 3rd now.  Spikes still holding up.", "The shoes are little big to my feet, but I think is OK. The shoes hold my feet perfectly, I love it", "Light. Super comfortable.", "I love them! They are so light weight I feel like I'm running  barefoot . I went to footlocker to get some but they didn't have my size. So I looked online and they had my size and is cited on a better deal . The price was way better and free shipping. You can't beat that", "I ordered this shoe one size bigger as I had tried them on at the sporting goods store. They are lightweight, have good traction on the indoor court, and look good too.", "Love how light weight they are. Great for running/ walking. Also love the colors they go perfect together! Very Happy with my purchase", "The sneakers fits perfectly and are very light. I like the selection of colors they offer.", "The shoe is light weight which makes it very flexible and looks great too! The sole has many different levels to make it feel like your lifted off the ground while still being a small shoe. The only probes is that it takes a while to break it in but once you do it's a great fit and comfortable shoe!", "Shoes are very comfortable. ... I am a beginner runner and can tell the shoes wouldn't last long for more experienced runners.", "Size is exactly how it should be, these look great and are an amazingly comfortable shoe!", "Just perfect! I didn't expect them to come packaged as if I had just picked them up from the store!", "I love the lite weight of my new shoes! The colors are vivid too.", "Decent basketball shoes.  Not the most comfortable but not terrible.  They are pretty supportive but the high cut into the back of your ankle when you are breaking them in.", "cute colors but very narrow which makes wearing them longer then an hr unbearable! They do have great arch support", "Modern, cute, air max, but the toe area is very narrow and snug. Rubbed my fifth digit initially. Very tight fit around toes other wise nice shoe.", "This shoes looks  very nice on me, perfect fit . I like combination of  colors aand stile. They are very comfortable", "I have bought Tiempo turfs in the past and I love their feel, and the fact they are all leather show, and not synthetic.  Like most Nike, they are snug at first, but break in after use.  So far, they feel good, look great.", "These shoes don't fit.  I am trying to figure out how to send them back.  I need a large size.", "This is good for dry hard grounds. It kicks pretty well also.... All in all I am very happy with this purchase", "I bought a shose the same size it's perfect but this too small , so can i change it ?send me email I want 10.5", "I love the way the shoes look in person! So far they have been preforming really good and I've experienced no problems with them yet!", "I love how easy it is for me to run, jump, and workout in these shoes. I've had them for over a year now and they still feel amazing. The sole is solid and made of mesh. You have got to try these on!", "Great fit! Great value for money! I recommend going a half size up in this shoes however for the best fit.", "I like to have a fresh, stylish, timeless quality about my appearance.  This shoe helps give my wardrobe that little pop with my jeans and a great sport shirt like Robert Graham.", "I needed some dance shoes for Zumba and these work great.  They provide support but don&#34;t stick to the floor too much.", "Love the look & feel. Great for dance classes like Zumba. Makes turns much easier. No sticking to the floor.", "I have a pair of black suede Nike Musiques and was happy to find them in other colors and fabrics. Also, I wear a 11 and 1/2 which is hard to find. These fit perfect, they are light wieght and fashionable.", "I love these shoes for Zumba class!  The sole lets you slide for the dance moves, but the shoe still gives great support!", "I needed some actual shoes for my Zumba classes that were designed for high impact dancing and these fit the bill!!  Very comfortable, stylish and support your feet.", "Excellent product I really recommend good quality all delivered as stated in the publication of the goods the remomiendo 100% ........", "This is my second pair of Nike Musique.  I love this shoe.  Instantly comfortable.  I'm a Zumba instructor and use these shoes a lot with no problems. The cool gray color is the best--goes with everything.", "I love the way these shoes fit, and how light they are.  Really comfortable, but I was surprised that they make my feet sweat so much.  My feet generally don't sweat much as a rule, but in these shoes, they do.  I find that they don't breath as much as I thought they would.  Still, I'll put up with it for the comfort and support (I have a very high arch, and these are one of the few shoes I've found that actually support it well.)", "I love my shoes, they are stylist and comfortable. I am happy I chose them. They arrived on time and I highly recommend them.", "I needed a dance shoe for Zumba that offered good arch support. I looked at the Zumba brand and found so many conflicting opinions - too big, too narrow, no support, great support, etc. After several hours of looking at reviews for all types of shoes, I had the bright idea to look at Nike - I can only wear Nike running shoes due to foot issues and decided to look at their brand. I normally wear a size 8 but in Nike I wear an 8.5 - so that solved the sizing issue. I just used these shoes to Zumba and am I ever impressed! My feet don't hurt and I'm not having any issues with cramping or soreness in the foot arch. Now these shoes don't slide as easy as the duct tape I was using on my other shoes, but I'm ok with that - they work great on our carpet and there was no pressure or twisting on my knees either. I highly recommend this shoe - just wish it came in brighter colors.", "These shoes fit well and are quite comfortable.  I wear these to Zumba about 5 days/week.  They grip and glide when they should.  Love these shoes!", "I love my Nike Musique.  They pivot well and offer great support.  In fact, I've recommended them to others in my class and they liked them too.  I just wish they came in brighter (zumba-like) colors.  Otherwise a fantastic shoe for dancing.", "Love these shoes. Comfortable feels like I'm running barefoot almost. Thank you for having this fine product available. Pleae keep these shoes coming.", "The shoes fit perfectly.  Probably the most comfortable piece of footwear I have ever placed on my feet.  They have very soft soles, an although they are intended for more of a &#34;barefoot&#34; running style, there is plenty of cushion for running heel-toe.  I'm very happy with this purchase.", "I am on my feet all day. These shoes fit like a soft glove. Their lightweight feel remarkably provides support.", "My son loves them!  Easy and light weight.  He hasn't taken them off since he got them,  I would recommend them.", "Shoes are very lightweight and are very comfortable for long walks or jogs. They fit like a slipper and are as light as as slipper", "I don't wear these shoes myself, bought them for my son.  They seem to fit well and are very light and comfortable, I would guess they would be good for running, walking or working out not much of traction on the sole, but I would guess that is what keeps them light and has a good amount of mesh so your feet don't get to hot and sweat a lot.", "These shoes are some of the most comfortable shoes I have ever owned. However, after having them for 3 months the stitching is starting to fall apart mainly in the lip of the shoe, hopefully these shoes don't completely fall apart. I would defiantly buy another pair and I would recommend these to anyone.", "it very good lookinggood materialbut sadly it is not comfortable at all (the fit is good ) !", "My Husband wears a brace due to extensive nerve damage and we have not been able to find a shoe for over a year.  WINNER!!!!!!!  Thank you so much because I could not take on trying on one more pair of shoes!!!!!!!", "A very nice looking and fitting shoe for a good price. Also bought a black pair. I definitely recommend these shoes.", "Fits great and very light. Feels like its made of something like card board, but I'm pretty sure its not. A little wider than the previous generation, which I had trouble putting my feet in.", "These shoes were light, airy, and extremely comfortable. There is no doubt in my mind they would be nice running shoes, but I bought these for my kick around pair of shoes. I'm extremely glad they finally got my size in, there is another pair I would like to get next payday, but for now, these were cute, comfy, and really breathable. I love them. Would highly recommend.", "Love the colors the styles and fit comfortable.everytime at work people ask me where I get them from always tell them about u guys", "Pretty and bright colors, fit perfect.", "These are very lightweight and very well supported. They also have removable insoles. The colors are very vibrant as well.", "I got these to match my orioles jersey my husband got me. The colors of the shoe is better than in these pictures and will go just fine. When I tried on the shoe they were a little tighter around the foot than I typically would wear, but they are so light and really computable to walk in. When I picked up the shoe and held it, it felt almost like a feather. I got the shoes 1 day before the expected delivery date, very nice!", "Great shoe, good price, and excellent true to size fit. Love them!", "Great Shoe!! Got it as a gift for my sister in law and loved them!! Buy Buy Buy Buy Buy Nike..", "I was very happy with the fit. Good cushion. Probably not great for running. I got them for cross training.", "I really loved the shoes, they are super light .. very good service, responsible for my part I highly recommend it ..", "Style is perfect, just like the picture. The shoe itself is very comfortable, but runs a little bit big. Overall, a great experience with the seller.", "I love these, i spent weeks researching cross trainers to see which ones would work best as im starting T25 and Shakeology at home and wanted comfortable shoes to work out in and use for other purposes. These fit perfect and are super comfortable! Would def recommend!", "Nice Nike sneaker but ran large. I take 6.5 but was too big and had return. Will reorder in a 6.", "Very comfortable. I have a wider foot and these fit great. I would highly recommend. Great color that sometimes looks red and other times dark pink ,", "Normally wear an 8.5 but probably should have sent these back and ordered an 8.  I just couldn't bear to part with them, though, as they're very comfortable for cross training (elliptical, running, weights, light aerobics).  But all that aside, I really love them because they are orange and pink.  A great vibrant combination, it cheers me up when I put them on and anything that encourages me to exercise is just a good thing.", "The shoes look good feel good on my feet I can walk all day in these shoes.  Everyone who has seen my shoes love them too", "I love them. They fit great and my feet feel absolutely fabulous after wearing them. They fix as expected. Not too large and not to small, No pinching of the toes.", "Very comfortable with lots of support! I was surprised by how light they are. The color was not what I expected. I thought they were more purple but actually the color is closest to bright pink. Still love them!", "I really adore red so I pressed purchase quickly. They are perfect except they may be 1/2 inch too big, but it's kool, I will wear footsies with them. Saw them at the Lady's Footocker for over $100.", "This was my first time ordering sneakers offline so i was a lil nervous about are they real etc. There was a number to call so I called and got the owner Chris,he was great and explained everything and made me feel like my money was in good hand.. I even  explained my birthday was in a couple days and worried if they would make it in the and they made it before expected which was great he even threw in a pair or Jordan socks with my shoes.I will definitely be buying my shoes from here for now on to avoid the waiting in like for Jordans and will tell all my friends and family about my great experience about on line sneaker buying I can't speak for all companys but this company is GREAT! Thanks Chris..", "I had no problems with my shoes love them. The ordering process was just as easy too. The only thing that I have draw backs on is the pricing was too much. Amazon is a great place to shop I love ordering from here and so do my kids.", "super happy for shoes", "Had to return them.  Went to local Sears and bought them instead. It's a nice shoe and I would recommend you measure your baby's foot before ordering then.", "Bought them for my son for work.  He says they fit fine and are comfortable.  He only likes to wear Nike, so I guess that says it all.", "Packaging was somewhat flimsy, but these are great flip flops and the price was right. No complaints from my Mom so I assume all is good :)", "The most comfortable flippers ever great quality great choise of colors. Love em...I recommend then especially for people with feet that hurt comfy hence the name.", "very comfortable wear them daily, i enen wear them in the house", "This shos is comfortable and stylish.  My daughter loves them.  They have a shine to them that changes in the light.", "Quality shoes for my sons big feet. It is very diffcult to find shoes that fit my sons feet. The shoes arrived as promised in time for Christmas.", "Nice material. Great fit. Very well constructed. Really great deal on a fantastic pair of Nike boots. Would buy another pair if more color choices.", "Great pair. Fits well and very comfortable.", "Very comfy and cushioned....but I got a blister from the top part rubbing against my foot. Guess I just have to break them in. Overall they are worth buying.", "This is my first time writing a review but I couldnt let this expierence go unnoticed. I ordered these shoes for my 16yr old son. My son is very pleased. The shoes arrived on the date stated and were packaged very well. The delivery time was very quick. I  placed order on Wednesday evening and had shoes on Monday afternoon with out a very high shipping rate. (much kudos ) My son opened the box and gasped (they are beautiful). He and I are very pleased with this seller. We will definitely use this seller again.Thank you", "It looks like its tight from the inside but when I slipped them it fit perfectly love these shoes thanks", "Excelent shoes, the color is great, good quality and seems to be pretty resistant. The best part is that if you get a scuff with a wet whipe you can clean it!!A must have shoe.", "excellent product. I recommend it very colorful on-court set and provides the ankles Segurida a good accord and support for basketball practice. peerfectas colors bladed", "My grandson wore his new basketball shoes to win his championship.  He had smiles on his face and his feet moved as rapidly as his dribbling.  What more do I need to write?", "The seller of this product has excellent customer service skills. The product arrived ahead of schedule. These will be a Christmas present for my son. He has wanted these since they first came out. They were easy to locate online via Amazon. Paying for them was also simplicity at its best. I have a busy schedule. So shopping online is a must. The sneakers are what my son wanted.", "Kevin Durant loves video games and so do i. So when he made this shoe in inspiration of this love of video games, i had to buy them. He knows how to put his ideas into fashion.", "is so fit on my up foot but is confort so cushined very good color, the high is great . im glad", "just what I wanted, ecxelente product quality. play basketball has never been better with this model nike, recommend these shoes for those who want to go to the maximum", "This was exactly the pair of spring/summer shoes i wanted this year (next to the Griffey 360s in turquoise). It will be a fun summer and late spring when wearing these out and about i tell ya lol. Plus they fit great and were delivered with urgency, gracias Amaze-on", "The KD V is a step up in performance from the KD IV, both of which are indeed great sneakers. What I like about the new KD V is the added support for your ankle; that incorporated with the light premium materials make it an ideal sneaker for any shooting guard. With a retail price of $115 makes this sneaker much more affordable than the Lebron X, Kobe 8, or any other pair of Jordan on today's market.I give this sneaker a solid 4 star review. My only knock on the sneaker is how tight it feels on the front end of your foot. That being said I recommend buying a half size up.", "As I said love this CW collection, but $158 for them you must be smoking something serious.  Good luck with that.", "I bought these pair of shoes thinking they were like tennis shoes, they seem to be, not arent. easy to clen, good choice for school uniform...!", "these are very comfortable, reminds me of the first prestos. Even got complimented at the nike outlet on them . cool!!!", "This is my second pair.  The first pair wore longer than other shoes that I have used for my daily walks.  They fit my particle foot perfectly.", "I'm a female with ladies size 10.5 feet.,  I bought the men's shoe in size 9 and it fit perfectly.  The shoe itself is light, comfortable and perfect for running.  I have flat feet with a wider spread at across the toes but a narrow heel/ankle area.  I've found it hard to find a ladies running shoe that can accommodate these fitting concerns but this shoe does the trick.", "These shoes have all the features of shoes that are twice the price. They are perfect and I will purchase another pair when my work shoes wear out!", "My oldest son loved the colors and how well they fir for a constantly active teenager he was able to use them for over 6 month and still uses them today", "Great running shoes. They feel like you're walking on pillows. This is my third pair!! Will never buy another brand.", "Sneakers are adorable and easy to put on a toddler that does not like anything on her feet! She has only worn them once or twice, so I can't yet comment on how they hold up with an active toddler, though they appear pretty sturdy and well made.", "Great fit, my daughter enjoys wearing them, especially when competing in sporting events.", "I had these lime green airmax when they first came out, super excited to have them again. Sneakers are perfect and the shipping was on time! Will do business again!", "I love these sneakers, which I owned many years ago. They're very comfortable to wear and I love the colors. Put them on as soon as I got them and wore them all day.", "I love love love the 95's.  It is my favorite sneaker and I've replaced this sneaker at least 5 times since they've come out.  They're comfortable, stylish and go with almost everything.  I've been searching for a replacement pair for months and was so happy when I found these (lots of knockoffs floating around).  These sneakers are a must have and they're also durable.", "Had these when they 1st came out. I wear a 6.5 in women and the 4.5 fits good. The sneaker is wider than other sneakers (Jordan's).", "i've always liked the style of the max 95 shoes. they make my feet look a little wide but i still wear them. great buy. they came on time and are as described", "Best sneakers and so comfortable. Absolutely delightful to wear them and would even buy another pair when I would need to.", "I order a pair every year and I love them more and more every year these are classics .. love them", "The fit really good and they are the real thing. I love the way they look on my feet. I just ordered them Friday and they came today when they said I was supposed to get them March 6.", "I love how comfortable these shoes are.  I did't doubt that they would be since I have over 30 pair of Nike Free Run shoes simply because of how comfortable and light weight they are.  I also like how these shoes slip right on and that there is no \"detachable\" tongue to them.  I know some people don't care for that detail and prefer a tongue that is not attached to the ankle part of the shoe because they find it easier to slip into and adjust to their foot properly, but I honestly have no issues with those things in this shoe.  There is plenty of space to get your feet in and then they still tie up tight enough for support and don't have slippage when being active in them.  I workout two hours a day and I love exercising in these shoes.  They are light weight, flexible, and just a great comfortable fit.", "My son Loves them, these shoes made his Christmas.  Nice fit good comfort in the padded souls good buy all day.", "Sexy comfy fits as expected", "Love these sneaker heels!!! This fit almost as expected, they were a tad narrow when I initially put them on. But loosened up to the shape of my feet. They are also superrrr comfy.", "I received tons of compliments on these sneakers. I love them and they are good for a casual. Not much of sneaker fan but these are great.", "Wife loved them, though did find them cheaper on another site. Probably not in this size, so I'm sure it was a good deal.", "Great comfy shoe that can be worn with a lot of things.Looks great. Fits true to size!Slightly difficult to loose, but problem just needs to be worn in.", "Perfect.", "Bought them as a present for my wife and she loves them. Look really nice on her. Very good purchase", "Nike Women's Sneaker Wedge Dunk Sky HI PRM Black/Linen 585560-001 (SIZE: 8)...very good & very nicemy wife is very happy", "Great looking shoe I've gotten so many complements. The fit is great also such a sexy sneaker! I have two different styles", "Love them!got a lot of compliments. Fit great and comfortable. Want to get some more a different color. Try them.", "I love these shoes, I get a lot of compliments on them.  They were brand new, and fit perfectly. I love them", "Love it soooo much! Super cute! The color is amazing! Also very comfort and fit with any jeans or shorts.", "For a child with a narrow foot and heel.  Almost a perfect fit.  Child loves shoe and the the price was right.", "comfortable stylish light durable great for running traveling or the gym.. They feel like a parachute on a &#34;foam cloud&#34;", "great price, i will never buy shoes at stores anymore, way cheaper on amazon and if you know your size for Nike it will always fit", "Nike The Overplay VII we received are wonderful. Exactly what we wanted.", "I bought these for my dad and he likes them perfect fit for his size 14 feet.", "Very nice looking shoe with NO support.  It felt like I was playing in Flip-flops.", "At first I thought they were gonna be too narrow for my feet but I put them on to get the feel of it and they stretched out on me,i guess like getting a new pair of jeans.Awesome shoes can't believe how light they are and very good grip for the court.", "Great fit and quality for the price.  I gave them as a gift and was well received.  They look really good too.", "Thanks", "This is my second pair and they fit, look and feel great. Amazon has some terrific products at very reasonable prices.", "real nice shoes Nike they fit real good look good and they got to me a head of time ya", "We didn't have any problems with this order. The sneaker is very nice looking, but my husband thinks they're &#34;too flat&#34; although he won't let me return them!", "My son loves these shoes, he said the fit is great and has gotten quite a few compliments.  He said they feel great right out the box.  Thanks Amazon great gift.", "It is very comfortable and fit well with my foot. I like it and it is also cheaper than other shoes.", "My son plays basketball and needed new sneakers to exercise. He just loved his new shoes, because it is very comfortable, he felt safe playing with it. Recommend to basketball players.", "I really like my new Nike sneackers.  Great quality shoe, fair pricing, and fast shipping to boot.  What more can we ask for, right?  The sizing seems to run a little bit on the snug size.  I recommend 1/2 size larger on orders.  Thank you Amazon.com", "Really nice pair of sneakers its very comfortable and the size is great it looks very neat on my feet.", "Perfect fit, great look, exceeded my expectations.  I hope they will be available when I need another pair...I'd buy them again without hesitation.", "These shoes are really nice. Simply as espected.verry happy with this product.soft from the inside and texture nice. Yay yay yay", "I like the pair of shoes. Its one of my best. Its simple and confortable to wear. I am planning to purchase another nike pair.", "Great shoe & cheaper than what you can get it for in the stores. I would recommend this to my friends", "Bought for my husband who likes the old high-tops.  These are the closest I can findbut he seems happy with these!", "You can not beat the price of these. You can where them for everyday use or play ball in them.  They are very comfortable and are true to size.", "i bought these for my husband he's very picky over his shoes and he just loves these shoes the color and how they fit. I guess i'll be reordering them.", "This was a Christmas present for my dad and he loved them. They fit him just perfect!!! Merry Christmas yay", "Nice look fits well. Good price and love the style. Nike is always a good dependable shoe. Great for my Grandson for school.", "I think that Nike is the best shoe made for all sports. More expensive but worth every penny.  I love the selection.Scott LaBonte.", "Better price. Definitely will purchase these Nikes again. Bought for hubby n he loves them. Hubby didnt know differencefrom department store.", "Fit very well. Very confertable too. The price you can't beat, and they arrive very fast. Two thumbs up for these", "Won't be able to get any more of these.  These are the shoes that fit good and last.  Hope to find a replacementonce these are wore out.", "this product takes to much time to get shiped. its to much time thats take this product more than a week and this product dont get shiped., I buy another shoes in the same time and they arrived two days ago", "I feel ok, although they are a little bit tight, but the size is the one I chose, so I think no problem. Good!", "no regrets... and everybody ask me where i got it......the colors match with mevery comfy........ so happy with them", "These shoes fit great at my normal size. I get compliments on how great these shoes look. .. especially here in Bulldog Country!  They are very light weight so it's almost like more wearing shoes. If you want a shoe that looks great, fits great, wears great and performs great... then this is the shoe for you.", "I bought two pairs for school gym for my twin daughters. Totally white. They such love them because comfort and light shoes. Thanks.", "Nooo! I lost my favorite sunglasses. I had these in chrome and blue, but they disappeared somehow. They are really cool to look at, and give excellent protection from the sun. And most importantly, they are really comfortable to wear. No pressure on my ears, nose or temples. Obviously I'm getting a new pair (gunmetal/black this time, as chrome/blue was not available).", "This shoe is awesome looking! I love the white with grey! It is made good as all mike Jordan's are!", "These shoes are really nice with just the right amount of kick. When my husband put them on his feet he was very happy. These Nikes were just what he needs to walk around the cruise ship and to go on excursions. We liked the price tag too. They are very comfortable shoes, stylish and just the right touch of swag. If you want your feet to feel good, I would recommend these Nike shoes.", "I bought this shoes and let me tell you, they are very comfortable shoes you will ever wear. I've been to a lot of shoe stores they all have low top shoes that make your feet hurt. I will recommend this shoes to anyone.", "my daughter loves her new basketball shoes. they fit great and perform very well. would recommend to anyone. very happy with the purchase.", "I'm a big fan of Nike golf clothing.  Love how it keeps me cool and fits great.  This one fits a little slimmer than others but I like it a lot.  Great look and feel.", "I really like this shirt.  This shirt is comfortable and stylish.  It goes well dressed up or worn in a more casual setting.", "I love my new shirt. The quality is good and I love the style. I would recommend this to others.", "the really fit well as expected. i LOVE IT", "Was exactly what he wanted and they fit great! He is happy!! :)Excellent find he wanted just white nikes and these were a great find. Hard to find anything in thestores that doesn't have a lot of colors and these are like the ones he wore years ago....LOL", "It is very light and fits perfectly.I specially like logo color for i will wear it with my suit", "the nike free powerlines are stylish and are extremely comfortable. they have excellent arch support and i love the colors. Just remember to order 1 size up and you'll be fine.", "exactly what i wanted...very cute...very lightweight...super comfortable...product came quickly...i ordered a half size bigger than my normal size, like i read in the reviews & that worked perfectly for me...very satisfied :)", "my son love it, very good material and nice look, my son love it, very good material and nice look", "My 15 year old son had wanted these cleats, they are super light weight and comfortable. He is a size 13 and this is not an easy size to get. He loves them and would highly recommend them to any soccer player.", "sorry but is to largeit was nice but unfit.the size is okthe color is nice and suiteI love itgood quality", "very happy with product", "I purchased these for my son who was raving over them.  I was surprised at how lightweight they are.  No the most sturdy looking or feeling shoe but he likes it and it is still holding up pretty good.  I gave it 5 stars because my son really loves them and they were for him so I figured if he was pleased, that's all that matters.", "They fit to size. They are very comfortable. I love the Nike brand especially for basketball sneakers. I recommend these shoes to anyone.", "A Jordan lover finally found another sneaker that he loves. My son loves the fit and said they are super comfortable. I hope to find other colors for him.", "This product fits perfect for my size 10, it is very comfortable and feet have a lot of stability. I recommend it for street basket.", "My son has owned other Nike slide sandals and has loved them all. This was no exception. He loves how comfortable they are and \"stylin\"  Great for a teen or young adult.", "Awesome Slides.  These flip flops are comfortable and stylish.  Sizing runs true to form.  Highly recommend them to anyone who wants to look good while being comfortable!", "Shipping was quite fast(came 2 days before expected day) with a great product. These shoes are great I wear these almost every day. was scared at first because of the size(I'm a 12 in these kind of suede shoes. So i bought my same size and it fit perfectly snug.", "Great shoe, really like the comfort of it. Feels good and not cheap like a lot of the other shoes. Really helped me cut quicker on court.", "I chose this rating because it's the truth! The shoes fit perfectly, the colors were perfect as shown in original picture. Thanks so much these are his basketball shoes!", "This shoes were just what I had been looking for for the past five years, perfect, just wonderfull, perfect yes", "They are very comfortable while walking around and very cool shoes overall.But box was damage but not the shoesGreat for the price.", "The only thing I don't like about this shoe is that the yellow part on the side has a different type of material then the rest of the shoe. It's a polyester soft type. I could not see that in the picture and don't really like the combination of it. The colors are a nice bright yellow which I like. The fit is a bit tight but I am sure it will wear itself out.", "The shoes actually came to me in perfect condition as if I hand picked them. I bought the black and yellow and royal blues. They fit as supposed too and came really quick, after 3 days it showed the product was still in California but in reality they were at my front door that day after work.I reccomend this company to anyone who like Jordan mids.", "Great shoes!!!  They fit well.  I don't wear them all the time but when I do, I get load of compliments.  I would recommend them for anyone who likes J's", "It is very difficult to find a size 13 men's shoe for a 12 year old boy. The shoe is very well made and durable giving the foot all the support it needs. It is very stylish too! A great buy!", "They were for my son. Excelent quality. The color is like we expected. Very good product. My son likes them.", "Got these as a Christmas gift for my nephew and he hasn't stopped raving about them. Two enthusiastic thumbs up!", "i didnt buy these shoes through amazon but i did buy myself a pair thru champs and i gotta say they are really cool. ive gotten a lot of compliments on them and ive put them thru hell and theyve survived cleaned up real nicely and im still rockin them", "ok", "Picked these shoes up at the local Nike store, 100% authentic. Got them for $69.99 there, so if you can get into a footlocker/Nike store then I would recommend getting them there instead of online - you'll get them quicker, can try them on, and they'll be cheaper.As for the actual review:-PROS--Very comfortable-Very clean, solid shoe-Looks great. Exactly as pictured.-Fits perfect, the size doesn't run small/large, should fit exactly as it says-Made of great material-Doesn't crease easily!-Quick to break in-Durable shoe-Nice cushioning with the insoles-Has a high tongue-Seems to conform to your foot slightly-CONS--Shoe is very tight when you first get it out of the box, very hard to put on (loosen the laces and you're fine)-Sort of squeaks when you walk in it sometimes. Can be noticeably loud in some cases.-Very stiff when you first get it, but after you break it in, it's fine.-Laces are kind of long in my opinion, not a huge deal at allOverall, despite the cons, I certainly give them 5 stars. The cons are easily dealt with (pretty much all of them go away once you break it in, and you can stuff the laces inside the shoe if you don't need to tie them) and the shoe is just awesome overall. Definitely a good deal if you can snag it at the local Nike/shoe store. For $70, you can't beat it. Get these shoes.", "I have had these for almost 2 years and there's no signs of wear and tear. They look and feel great.", "there were two right foot shoes in the box. There was not a shoe for the left foot. These shoes should have been packaged better", "He loved them. They was a total surprise. They kind of went with the NASCAR JACKET I got for him, also.", "I bought these for my son.  They fit him perfect and he loved them.  The color and description was as described.", "These are the best Kobes ever.  5s, 6s, no matter - these are the best.  Wish I could get them again.  Lots of positive comments from fellow ballers.", "I ordered these shoes before school started and they came in just before and were perfect.  They re exactly like what they would be like if you ordered them in the store, very fresh shoes ! I wouldn't hesitate to order another pair of shoes from Amazon !!", "My daughter has worn this particular model of shoe in the past for soccer. She has found it to be comfortable, durable and an excellent performer with features she really likes. She was happy to find this particular shoe that is &#34;an older model&#34; for soccer and kicking for football. It is an excellent shoe and we are glad we were able to find it here!", "I bought these for my grandson who plays varsity high school soccer. He love the fit and says they perform really well.  I like them because they cost me almost $100 less than I could find them anywhere else.  I orderd them on Monday and received them on Thursday, so the processing and delivery time was outstanding.  Great product and service!", "I wear this to make me more visible to drivers while biking roads in northern NJ. I was so amazed at how cool it was on the hottest days that I bought a second one. It's my favorite shirt when exercising outdoors on a hot day. I have other cool-technology moisture-wicking shirts but this one is the best by far.", "Good fit and arrived on time.  No surprises about the style.  The color described says \"Solar Red\" but the color is basically hot pink, which is what I wanted, but may not be what YOU want.  Definitely not \"red\" if that is what you are shopping for.Women:  If you wear a 8.0 in Nike Women's sizes, you'll prob. be a 6.5 in boys sizes.  Try it! Much cheaper and gives you more style/color variety!", "The shoes are great. Just as described. My son wont stop running in them. They fit him very well. Its a plus that there are no laces to tie! These jordans are a good deal for anyone who cannot break the bank, but still want their kids to look sharp. Tey fit him great with just enough room for his little toes. A must have have!", "These running  shoes are for my wife, and believe me, she is difficult due to a big foot. The best of all? they fitted perfectly", "I love these shoes. They fit perfect. Are very comfortable....my feet are complainers!!!! Also, they look very dressy. I just wish you could purchase them in blue jean blue. The shipper was very fast.", "These are so awesome, my feet are so comfortable during my walks/runs in these shoes. No more heel pain for me.", "I wore these one time and the plastic part over the toe started to crack on the inside. Now there is a big line across the toe. They fit good and look cute other than the line. The plastic part over the toe is transparent, so you can see your sock through the plastic part. I like them enough not to take them back but, it would have been nice to be warned about this problem before I spent $70 on these.", "Need to get more of these sneakers. These are the old time favorites. Always run out of everyone's sizes fast.Must order your true size....", "Hi there,I bought this tennis shoes, awesome!!great fit, looks very niceI'm a happy customer, I recomend it a 100%", "The shoes fit well and were exactly what I was looking for.  They arrived on time and easy packaging to open as well.", "Recently I needed to buy a new pair of running shoes and was a little hesitant to go for a \"name brand\" like Nike; my old running shoes are Saucony's. I tried on one pair of Nike's (I can't remember the style) that were about $15 cheaper than the Dual Infusion ST 2's and the difference was amazing. The DUST 2's are some of the most comfortable, form fitting shoes I've ever had. They were easy as hell to break in, I walked around in them all day for about 2 days then immediately ran 4 miles in them on the 3rd day with no discomfort whatsoever. The material used in the shoe is breathable, they are extremely light weight and just an all around solid shoe. Hope this review helps!", "Beautiful, beautiful shoes, although I have just wear them, they are very comfortable and affordable... I always wanted to have a Pegasus model so I am really happy with them.", "Great comfort and great color combination. My brother in-law will love these slide's. He's a big fan of Livestrong brand......", "My nike is totally a great product, so comfortable after removing the spike competely, as it was too high. It's well designed and durable with a very smooth inside for comfort. I totally recommend it!", "I bought these about 6 mths ago and they are holding up well. They are super comfy and get noticed. The description says leather, but there is no leather on them. I knew that, so that didn't bother me. But, if you are buying them for that reason, beware. Definitely worth the money, I actually paid more than what they are now. I use them for Turbofire and love that they have good arch support!", "These shoes are fire. I love these shoes. They look so cute on my son's feet. Paired with his gray Montreal Expos snapback hat he was the envy of all his friends.", "I have very flat feet, and as a result put my medically customized orthotics in any shoes I wear. With the orthotics, I find that shoes with a neutral platform work best. I've tried many.The Nike Free Run+ line has consistently been amazingly comfortable for me, from walking to running to working out at the gym. The sole is flexible, the upper is light and comfortable, and I love the sock-style tongue (not a separate thing).The fact that they have brilliant colors, and that they're customizable if you buy them from the NikeID store, makes them my first choice.", "Cool shoe. Very comfortable and stylish. Would definitely order in many colors. I wear these to work and they are perfect.", "These shoes are a Christmas gift for my son and I opened the product to check them and they are very nice shoes!!! This seller is very good as well. I ordered these shoes on 11/22/11 and received free shipping and got them today, 11/23/11... All I can say is \"WOW\". Great product and great seller!!!", "Fits true to size and held up very well with constant wear. Easy to wipe clean, doesnt show dirt like lighter shoes. Very fast delivery and packaged nicely. Arrived earlier than expected.", "This quality Nike back pack is perfect for a college student or for someone on the go, like a walker or bicyclist. It has massive amounts of room. It is well-made. Recommended!", "We got these shoes as groomsmen gifts so the boys all had matching shoes. They fit well in a range of sizes.  They were comfortable enough (as Jordan's are) for them to wear all day and didn't look like they were wearing sneakers to a wedding!", "I wear a size 13 they fit great and the material is leather. Just a average shoe not worth 100 bucks", "I GOT THESE DUE 2 THE FACT MY MAN ALWAYS IN NIKES.. HE PICKED THESE OUT FOR ME & I'M HAPPY 2 SAY THAT, I WILL BE GETN NIKE SHOX FROM NOW ON!!! LOVE MY SHOES...", "Bought These for my husband for his Birthday! I LOVE Air Max, and now he does too. Great addition to his Wardrobe.", "Awesome lightweight shoe that my husband loves. Authentic Nikes that are true to size and he can wear them for work or play.", "These have been wonderful shoes. Looking at the sole they are nearly worn out and I'm on Amazon looking for the same pair.  Many compliments - I use them just as casual shoes for walking- excellent breathability - with the mesh. Have had compliments and feel ok wearing them with jeans/ shorts- whatever. My go-to tennis shoe.", "These are comfortable, lightweight shoes that look better in person. They are breathable as well and have very good stability. I use them for walking and running, but also to just go out because they look great. For hardcore runners, I wouldn't recommend them, as even though they are light, they aren't as light as other, pricier shoes. They are true to size and they look like they will be fairly durable. The toe area could use a little bit more cushion, but I also have long, thin toes. I do like this shoe and recommend it.", "I have bought several pair of these boots, not only for my self but for my friends.  They are super comfortable, similar to wearing the Nike Free running shoes.  I absolutely love how light weight they are.  I hope these boots never go out of style.", "Pros: Incredibly light and flexible, superb quality (as is tradition with any Nike product), paracord laces will probably last longer than the boot, sole provides awesome traction even in some slippery stuff,  ZERO break in time, super quick drying, super breathable, comfort cannot be matched, they just look so good (people honestly do notice them).Cons: not steel toe, not insulated, not waterproof. Solution is simple, read the item description and don't but them if you need those things.Use: As an EMT/FFLocation: Northwest PennsylvaniaLength of ownership: 6 months (approximately)I will start off by saying I am a huge fan of Nike. As far as shoes go, I won't wear anything else. More specifically, the Nike Free line of shoes. When I saw these, I just about had a heart attack. Don't get me wrong, my old boots weren't too bad at all. But these are honestly next level. As soon as you open the box, you can see the quality. Stitching is heavy duty, soles are glued on firmly. And of course, the materials are the highest quality. I was also shocked at how rugged the tread is. The pics don't do it justice. If I may make an analogy comparing shoe soles to tires, these things are definitely mud tread. I was also pleasantly surprised to see that they came with paracord laces. Pretty sweet. All this is great, but when you strap them on your feet is when you'll really be sold on these for good. I even have wide feet, and these things just formed right to me. Incredible flexibility from that Nike Free sole I mentioned, and they weigh NOTHING. This is not to say the ankle support is lacking either. I am 6'2\" and weigh 250lbs, and in the 6 months I have been wearing these not once have I felt as if I was going to roll an ankle. The breathability is also amazing. My feet sweat pretty heavily in other boots and I typically have to use a heavy amount of powder. Not so with these things. Even through a hot, busy summer on the ambulance they don't even smell bad yet.As far as the features these boots lack, like I said all you have to do is read the description and know what you are buying. If you NEED steel toes or waterproof, look elsewhere. I live in NW PA, where the weather is frequently not so nice, and these have served me well thus far. Through rain, mud, shallow creeks, etc. They are easy to clean up, and they will dry out faster than you think possible. Add a pair of good socks (Nike makes SF socks as well) and you are golden for most any conditions.The final test for these will be a hard winter's worth of work. I have faith that with a good pair of winter boot socks, they will survive just fine. Obviously these are not meant to be hiking through snow or sitting in a treestand, but for my purposes I think they will do it. I am totally comfortable giving these 5 stars all day, because I think they are the best boots I have owned for sure. As long as you check out the features (and even the lack of certain others) and are SURE you can survive without waterproofing, insulation, and a steel toe, you will love these.", "This is a great pair of army boots but it doesn't last in rough terrain like ranger school. It is very light and not waterproof.", "These boots are great and feel wondeful on my feet.  I would recommend them to anyone military or not.  They feel just like sneakers.", "Excellent quality!! I love these new kicks. They are comfortable and the purple looks great. Perfect size and everythinh if you are a size 6.5.", "And wow oh wow do they make his feet look hot. Very young very comfortable and stylish. The right color to go with his Philadelphia Eagles!", "I've had the hardest time locating these exact shoes in my size for the longest time. I'm so glad to have found them and in brand new condition, not used. I was extremely happy the day they arrived in the mail =)", "Just look at the design and color.  Very easy to break in, comfortable and high ankle support.  Seller sells authentic merchandise.  Recommend these kicks!", "Best shoe ever gotten!", "Fit like a glove and can be worn all day!  The Comfort Air is made for the street not the court!  My company colors!  Thank you!", "Like them alot fit well but not for everyone,this is the kind of sneakers u want to try at a store first not like me but i enjoy them glad i bought them.", "Loved these shoes, best looking Jordan's out in my opinion. Well worth the buy. Very comfortable and pretty stylish too", "My 6th grader wanted a &#34;high end&#34; basketball shoe and he really loves these.  They fit well and are very comfortable.  He's been wearing them a few weeks, playing basketball now and they are holding up.  Great shoe for an amazing Amazon price!", "The shoes are nice . Cant say  much for the box. They came in a damaged smashed box. Luckily it didnt affect the shoes. The shoe strings though do not match. Other than that would recommend the shoes :)", "I like da purchase i made i am completely satisfied with wat a received and in da amount of time received my ordered. ..I will purchase again from them", "GREAT SHOES..worth 5 star rating what can i say these are air jordan shoes so nothing else to debate as they are worth every penny any child loves", "I love these shoes. They go so well with everything. They are super comfortable too. I already have a pair of Grey Jordan Growns (the v.2 high ones), but the carbon fiber design on this was can't miss!", "Ordered as part of my husbands christmas gift. He loves them! He says they are not too thick and not too skimpy.The quality of these socks are great!", "NICE SOCKS this review is asking for to much they're socks they fit snd they keep my shoes from smelling", "The value was good for 3 pairs of socks and the color combination was good.  My grandson likes having 3 new pairs of socks.  The price was very fair for the set.", "These are the most comfortable socks I have ever worn on a golf course.  Extra padding around the arch of your foot is very comfortable. Quite impressed!", "love the colors they fit her great and she also the shoes diffently buying more shoes off of here  thanks!", "Was looking everywhere for these super excited to find them and they are just to precious my little one loves them", "My 4 year loves the shoes. They are even cuter than I expected. They fit her well and went perfect with her bday outfit!", "I bought these for my son and he lovery them very comfortable, true to size and they were brand new! Thanks", "Dang, this jacket is an absolute classic. The color combination makes it an instant classic and if you are anything like me, you would rock it for style rather than just an athletic jacket to work out in, in fact i would not even dream of sweating in this, it is too good for that, lol. Anyways, the item arrived in great condition from the seller and it looks even better in real life. Its very comfortable and the poly material outside is soft and sooth to the touch. Hope they get more stock of this jacket before it sells out forever.", "it was light and fits perfectly.  good for walking and comfortable. fit was perfect and not too tight and average support.", "The picture looks better than the actual shoe. The quality is good, just not the right running shoe for me . they are however great for a walking shoe.", "excellent shoes, my friend loved them because they are very comfortable, fresh, soft and very good quality. are ideal for sports, because they are durable, they are also practical", "Love Nike but not really a &#34;JORDAN&#34; fan, but what can I say, It's a sporty shoe that was very reasonably priced!! LOVE THEM!", "These shoes fit true to size and are so comfortable!  I wear them to Body Pump and haven't tried to run in them yet (I prefer more support in my running shoe).  I walked a few miles in them and had no issues.  Plus they are cute! :)", "Purchased these after receiving my Nike Free Run 3's from the Nike Store.  I'm having to return the 3's, but love the 2.0's.  The 3's have a rubber overlay around the the middle of the shoe that constricts my foot and causes painful rubbing on the top of my foot.  The Free TR Fit 2.0 doesn't have the rubber overlay and fits perfect.  I just stocked up with three more pairs.", "So wonderfully comfortable and I even have a bunyon.  Very true to size. The pink color is brighter than the pictures show but still cute. I walk and ride bicycles for exercise and these were great for both.  I love that they are so lightweight and cool.", "These are the most comfortable workout shoe EVER!  This is my 2nd pair I've bought... definitely worth the money. Your feet will thank you!", "Very cute.. very comfortable and light.. have held up great, purchased in July and have also washed several times.  Would definately recommend!", "Bought these for my daughter who is in U12 futsal (similar to indoor soccer). She likes traction and that you can feel the ball really well through the shoe. She says that they are the most comfortable shoe she has for soccer. They are very low profile which makes it easy for her to chip the ball. 6 of the girls on the team bought the shoes after they tried my daughter's", "This was a gift. Good price. Arrived on time. Very pleased with the product and the process. Thanks so much", "These eyeglasses sura are comfortable and very nice looking. That's the main reason I bought them. Besides they are wide so they don't get tight. The main problem with these eyeglasses is the material. The nose pads didn't last 2 months, they deteriorate extremely easily. I got a new pair of the original nose pads and they also didn't last more than two months. So I ended up using a pair of nose pads that are transparent and round that are the only that could fit these eyeglasses. One of the temples already have a crack in it, it's not broken, but it is leaking form that crack, I guess my eyeglasses won't make it to the second year of existence.So that's my conclusion, they are really comfortable, excelent on that, but they are not durable, they won't last more than two years. The nose pads won't last 3 months. So if you want a pair of comfortable and good looking disposable eyeglasses, don't look any further.", "They are comfy, and no shoe laces is great! They can be a little hard to put on, but they look good!", "Aye man i dun copped me a pair uh deez and homiee lemme tell ya deyzz nicee. I look flya denz a frizbee in deez clockas. Deez will make you fresh da deth and on fresh fit friday you aint got nuttin to worrybout LoccTru Loke will spit you a verse how deez  shoez is fresh like a apple when i stepp down the coress like a snapple napple gz wanna be and foos wanna see me cuz deez shoes iz so fresh like a lady in a bakini", "I have been looking for these shoes everywheree n have only been able to find them here. Please put up more sizes so I can finally have a pair of these fresh sneakers !!!!!!", "I really liked the older CB2 shoes for the fit and support they provided. I was initially disappointed when this pair arrived as the shoe has been changed from older versions. They no longer have the buckle for the top strap it is now only a Velcro piece, however, they still fit well and are just as comfortable as the older versions.", "perfect, light", "Bought these for my adult daughter and although had to return the first pair because of sizing....she absolutely loves them.  They are beautiful and very comfortable.", "These shoes are amazing, they are extremely lite and feel like your running bare foot, all from the design to the technicality of this shoe it's superb, 5 out of 5 stars!...", "Great buys, shoes are miss marked so I had to by from UK sizing to get a better fit than US sizing.", "I have had these shoes for over 2 years, running 3-4 times a week. I do quite a bit of cross training and these are my go to shoes for distance. I do hills and flats and they perform well during both. wonderful grip when you open up your stride. I recommend these to any runner and even to non runners (they are that comfy). fit and finish was excellent as would be expected from Nike and the shoes wore down slowly.", "This is a good shoe for someone who doesn't put in a lot of miles running or who is a walker. It is nicely cushioned and the fit will work for most people. May not be the best choice for a serious runner but it is a good basic multi-use shoe.", "I highly recommend this running shoes. They really met my expectations regarding comfort, impact, lightness and stability. The only problem is that they make my feet stink. But other than that they're very awesome.", "I like Nike and Asics shoes, but I think that Nike shoes are more light than Asics. Although you have to consider that Asics seems better made and has more cushion. I like to train with asics and race with Nike, because they are lighter.I was very impressed with this Nike Pegasus 28 it is great for long distance training, by long distance I consider more than 10 miles. It is very light and the cushioning is great. I used to practice with Nike Lunarglide 3 which I was very disappointed. But Nike Pegasus made me like Nike again!The longest practice that I've ran with Nike Pegasus 28 was almost 15 miles and the cushioning was still great! It made my Asics Nimbus feel like I was running with weights in my feet.I hope that this review may help people who are undecided!", "those are a good adquisition, I'm overweight person and I use them specially to dayly use. The only problems was that they did not arrive on time but rest of it was ok.", "If you like minimalist, lightweight shoes, these are a great choice.  I purchased them as my first pair of crosstrainers for my new gym membership.  I use them for everything I do there: elliptical, treadmill, and zumba class.  They are so comfortable that I forget to take them off hours after working out.  And of course, with the eye catching color, I receive numerous compliments every time I wear them.  Great looking shoe, and totally fits the bill for all kinds of exercise.", "I bought this shoe to my friend who is a big soccer fan. He's so please with it and now he can practice every day with no worries as he says :).", "I love these shoes! Nice fit, very comfortable, and very stylish! I would recommend them to anyone who is as active as me and loves a nice pair of running shoes that can keep up!", "These sneakers are great and I love wearing them for more than running.  I would recommend them and the price is reasonable.", "Made in China gets a whole new meaning with products like this:  Rubber and plastic are probably the only materials that gone into this product. If you want something nice do yourself a favor and keep shopping.", "These shoes are very comfortable. They are  true to size and look very nice. They arrived very fast and in new condition. Would definately order from seller again. If you are looking for a good priced and comfortable shoe, this is the one.", "Comfortable shoes, nice look, and true to size.  Good price, quick service and I am now all set to run.", "I love these shoes and receive compliments on them all the time. Who would think of getting compliments on tennis shoes?  Trust me you do with these.  They are extremely comfortable.  I wish all shoes were like this comfortable, stylish and made well.", "I bought these shoes for my daughter for Christmas and she really liked them. They fit as expected and arrived on time.", "Love the style and very comfortable. Exactly what I was looking for! Very pleased with these shoes! Can be worn for casual wear or a workout.", "all good the shoes are verry pretty, arribve on time, all good any problems with this, shoes of best quality", "I bought these exact pair of shoes a few years ago and still have them. I wear them everywhere and they are still in great condition. I workout, hike and walk in them. They are very comfortable and have a lot of cushion. I would highly recommend these shoes to anyone. I LOVE THEM!!", "me encantan estos zapatos son super lindos y muy muy comodos me encantan estos zapatos son super lindos y muy muy comodos", "I love these socks! They're very comfy, stay on real well and they are durable.  They're also very breathable.  The socks in the picture that look like they have a purple swoosh are actually gray, but that's the only discrepancy I can think of.  I don't really have a preference to what color they are since my shoes cover that part anyways.", "I have two bad knees but still love to workout on the treadmill.The \"Nike Reax\"is the best running shoe I've ever had.There so light,but the supports there.You will LOVE this shoe.", "My boy is loving his shoes. It fits perfect and are very confortable. They look so pretty . I like it so much.", "This is my second pair of these. The fit is a little tight at first but I have come to love them. They will stretch out just enough to make a perfect fit. I'm wearing them right now and they are always the first choice boots.", "The Nike Tailwinds have been a staple on my feet for years.  To find a pair at such a great price was a joy to my feet.", "I ordered matching Jordans for my husband and son, my husband has worn his but my son has yet to fit in his.  My husband loves these shoes and it is easy to match them to almost any outfit!", "My grandson loved these Jordans, and the color was excellent, as it did not show up at school with other kids wearing the same thing. Living in a small population, there is always a tendency of other kids wearing the same kind.", "Super comfy, stylish, and very modern. I wasn't expecting them to be so perfect when they came to my house and I opened up the box. Definitely changed my view of buying shoes offline. I will definitely buy shoes from this company again! As long as they have what I need thank you.", "This is really a very comfortable shoes. Walking and strolling makes it a breeze. Did I mention friends asking me where I got them! 4 and half stars from me.", "I love these shoes!  The soles are so flexible and they help to save my feet and my money.  I'm an avid runner who runs 3 miles about 4 times a week.  I'm constantly replacing shoes.  With these Freeruns, I replace them half as often as my previous pairs of running shoes which has so far saved me a ton of money.  I think I've finally found my perfect shoe!", "great shoes good for just walking all my friends are envious of these shoes some say there a bit stiff but perfect for me easy to clean (live near a forest mud dirt bricks great to clean)", "I was surprised at how authentic the material for this jersey feels. It has fabric patterns that mimic a performance jersey. The corporate lettering is ironed on the mid-chest but the Nike logo and Arsenal crest are stitched on. Also, it says \"Arsenal\" on the back of the neck like most authentic jerseys do. The only gripe I have is that the Arsenal crest is a bit smaller than I'm used to seeing.", "These sneaker are an Very comfortable and cute. The neon laces are a great contrast to the black & white pattern of the shoe.", "The product feels good. It's lite, it allows me to run with comfort. In all, this is a great buy and a great shoe.", "Nike knew what they were doing with the Air Max air sole. These are super comfortable and extremely great for runningafter dark as they have the best reflectors of any Nike product I have purchased. EVER!! Bought 2 pairs so I am ready when I wear these out. Should buy a third pair.", "Great to throw on over leggings, this is a very short skirt. Ok without leggings is your younger than I. Overall I like the ease of throwing something on to make a quick run.", "I usually wear medium and the fit was fine. I brought this skirt to wear to walk around, run errands. The length of this skirt is very short. it depends on the individual who is wearing if she likes it. Then it is great.", "I really like these jordan, good price and good quality. Recommended for casual type rather than for basketball to be low and comfortable", "Jordan comes through again with amazing comfort, and amazing performance. I've purchased two pairs of these in different colors and have used one for everyday wear and another pair purely for gym purposes. Both have held up very well and are way better than other shoes I have purchased. It's nice not having to deal with laces flopping around, and the straps on top and on the back provide superior support in the ankle area.", "love the slip on, just what my husband was looking for. The color scheme is great, easy to clean, and lightweight. the velcro strap is adjustable to an extent, and the sole is comfortable for walking with slight impressions for your feet to fit better. would recommend these to anyone. easy to clean and store, comfortable", "I bought this for my husband in 2011 and until now, he still loves to wear this! Very good quality. Worth the price.", "These are high quality nice looking sandals.  Bought them for my son before vacation.  He loves them.  Had them for almost a year now and they still look great & aren't worn out!", "I'm no expert on sunglasses or anything, I usually buy fairly cheap ones (&lt;$30) but snagged a pair of these on another site because they were on sale.  I flipping LOVE them!  They fit very well and wrap nicely around my head to keep sunlight from coming in the sides.  The large lenses keep it from coming over the top of the glasses as well.  Plus I just like the look of classic shades rather than the oakley look everyone seems to be going for.  Build quality seems good and the case that mine came with is pretty nice.  I'd buy these again at full price for sure.", "first off i like the material of the frame.. light on the face and also durable. color combination is nice and perfect for anything that you will wear. i like the big leather case too it protects the sunglasses when you are not wearing it.", "i absolutely love them thank god i started xmas shoppn early cause these woulda been gone and they are my daughters gonna love hers lol i love mine she like mine dnt know she got a pair too", "Fit is perfect. Very well constructed boots. Super color. Will hopefully last a long time. I wish they came in more colors for boys.", "Always have loved Nike Air Max Goadome.  First time where price was affordable and I'm glad because it was well worth the buy.  Love the color and they are very comfortable.", "fit true to size.  look even better in person, have held up very well.  my son wants to take them from my husband cuz they are really neat shoes.", "I wear them to work. They are very comfortable. I wear them to work.  My feet use to hurt cause I am on my feet all day.  Since I bought these my feet don't hurt.  Please keep making them.", "I like to run 5k and 10k's.  The fit of the Nike Air Max complement my gait and foot shape well.  As with any running shoe, I would definitely try them on in a store before purchasing online.  That said, I found the price on Amazon to be better than I could find locally.  Shipping and packaging were both excellent.", "the gym shoes arrived quickly. exactly as pictured and size true to fit. my husband loves them! hard to find shoes in his size so was nice to find some in his size actually in stock!", "for me, anyway. It took a little getting used to after using asics for some time now, but this is going to be my third pair and counting...really nice support, light and well made. one of the best running shoe out there. Did look too nice to run in at first, but it turned out to be a very comfortable design.", "Great fit, like running on a cloud.  Lightweight.  Great for overpronaters.  However, fell apart after 500 miles.  I recommend if you are willing to swap light weight performance for longevity.", "I got these as a present for my father-in-law. He has really flat feet and he said that these were the best shoes he's ever had. So if you have flat feet, try these shoes out!", "My wife loves the shoe, colors and is comfortable! She couldn't wait to break them in and get running! Thanks", "I'm so cheap when it comes to tennis shoes because I don't like them, but they're necessary for work outs, especially with flat feet. These are so comfortable and well made. I bought a pair of Nikes from TJMaxx and after wearing them twice one of the soles started peeling away from the shoe, but these are cuter, better made, and worth the money!", "With 400+ miles on these Zooms they are still holding up. I just ordered a pair of Zoom Elite 6+ and I hope they are as good as the 5s.", "I love, love, love my Nike Zoom Elites!  I love them so much I already ordered another pair just like them for when the first pair wears out.  I run marathons and have a very high arch, and these shoes were more than wonderful to me in my last marathon (Nashville music city marathon).  Also, I was surprised how many other runners had these shoes.  If you have high arches you must get these shoes.  I have no complaints thus far and I've had them for 4 months now.", "I wear wide shoes because of my wide feet.  This Nike shoe is really good and offers good quality for the price.  The comfort and appearance are great and the red shoelaces make it look cool.  I would have given 5 stars but the only negative is the super lightweight tongue.  The tongue bunches up in the shoe when I out it on.  Not a big deal but worth mentioning.", "I have weak ankles and are prone to spraining. These shoes are the most comfortable I have had and they are a minimalist shoe that gives you a close to barefoot experience that helps me. I wear at the gym everyday(5 days a week) and I love them. Have had for 4 months and no problems. For running, cardio, and weight lifting they rock. Great shoes and worth the money. Go to your nearest place of business and try them on and you will see!They are also cute. So says my wife...", "my favorite running/casual shoes right now. great product from nike. obviously over-priced, but what do you expect? very light weight and comfortable. great for running and other daily activities.", "I normally don't wear sneakers but i had a stress testto take so i need some the price was great feels light on my feet after doing well on my stress test i actually started running every morning and evening will i buy from the vendor again hell yes", "Almost no weight making it unfelt! Fits perfect, smooth and comfortable. It perfectly meets what I expected. Highly recommended for exercising.", "These shoes are like wearing socks!  They slip on perfectly and stay snug.  Amazing design, light weight and stylish.  I have 2 pair!!", "Best shoes ever!When I first put my feet into these Nike Free Run Shoes 5.0 it felt like I was in heaven. The pads are so soft and the designs don't wear out the first few days. I go on hikes with these shoes and they are still in good condition. You can bend these shoes back so the front tip touches the shoe laces.These shoes only weight 5 ounces, and come in many different colors from blue, to black, to white, to neon green. These shoes air out so you don't get stinky feet. Underneath the pads is a place where you can put a Nike Plus Kit. You can buy them online for about 30 dollars. You can hook the Nike Plus Kit up to your IPod to have your own personal workout.I bought these shoes about 2 months ago at Champs, in the Provo Mall, and they are still in great condition. I bought them for about 100 dollars. There are a few things I have not enjoyed about these shoes. At the front by your toes it starts to fade color. Also these shoes are a bit pricey. Small rocks get stuck in the tread because of the gaps so you just have to pull them out.Overall these shoes are the best. These shoes are good for anyone. You won't regret buying them.", "I am heavyset and these shoes give me great support and keep my feet from hurting.  Love Nike Zoom Vomero's and will keep buying them.", "Very very comfy...soft and good support all the way around.  My fav next to the Air Pegasus. Good buy for me", "I walk with these babies for 12-14 hrs a day sometimes and i dont feel any pain.......looking forward to buying another pair :)", "after about two months of searching i have decided to go with those beautiful pair of Nike shoes, i'm really glad that i have got them, look nice and my feet feel comfortable wearing them. go nike!", "Simply one of the best shoes on the market if you require cushioning.  The + logo allows sync which is nice.", "Best neutral shoe in the market, my 5th pair in 4 years of everyday running, more color options will be warmly welcome", "The Vomero+ 7 is comfortable and absorbs most of the impact. Before that I used the Vomero+5 and Pegasus 27, and in my opinion the Vomero+7 is a evolution.", "A great shoe and I am a big user of the Nike + system so that was the first requirement. The Amazon price was excellent. The shoe fits perfectly and the color and style is also excellent.A light weight shoe but provides me with good support and there is enough room if arch support is used. I added the Scholls 430 insert (my personal fit) giving me additional support without having to remove the Nike liner. The shoe therefore becomes a little tighter for me but still very comfortable with tremendous support.", "This is the shoe that I use for running.  I love the shoe and it arrived timely and has been a great experience.", "I searche the web for the Nike Vomero+ 7's as I really like the fit / design of theolder model and I found it on Amazon.  Great shoe / value !!", "These are great shoes, but they are not like the older versions, I loved the Vomero+2-5 series, they were a lot better quality and built shoe.  FYI - I paid $130 for these in July 2013, save yourself some money and go to the factory outlet where they are selling this shoe for $80.  I wasn't too happy the weekend I got these when I shopped at the outlet store to see them for $80.  I was looking for a pair of walk around Nike's and couldn't believe a couple days before I paid $130 for them.  Blah!", "Bought a pair in April for $99. Now the exact same shoe is listed at $130 &#34;discounted&#34; to $120.  Shoe is ok but I'll shop elsewhere.", "I had some already that I wore until they were holey. So glad to get more. I love these shoes.", "The shoes arrived well packaged and in good shape. They are comfortable, but compared to other NIKE shoes I've owned over the years do not offer as much cushioning. I ran in them for a week and determined they weren't the shoe for me so now they are &#34;casual wear&#34;. I ended up getting a pair of NIKE Pegasus 28 which I like very much.", "These shoes are super comfortable, and they fit great.  I use them for running on the treadmill, or plain everyday walking!", "these shoes are true to size. most comfortable as well. i bought them for my bf but i tried them on, and i have to get one for myself as well. i would love the same colour but just cant seem to find it.however, the colour shown here seems to be slightly different from the one i ordered. here it seems a bit metallic teal, but in reality its a sort of greenish, bluish and less tealish.lolz", "The Vomero 7 fits like a glove, and feels absolutely amazing. The mid-foot support system molds to your foot when you tighten the laces, so the shoes fit your feet like they were custom made for you. In two days of walking everywhere in them my heel spurs were gone. My feet don't hurt anywhere, and the shoe is super light. I am buying another pair so I'll have another one when this pair wears out.", "I have a leg issue and these are very comfortable and feel good on the feet ! I have 2 pair highly recommend them !!!", "Great shoes.  Very comfortable and fix just right.  I have almost worn them out already.  Nike is a great product.", "I'm writing this because I feel that this sports bra does not get enough attention. As a runner, I've tried my fair share of sports bras. However... I am constantly coming back to the Nike Compression Sports Bras. I always feel fully supported and never feel a bounce when I wear them. For others sake, I am a 34C with small shoulders and I bought a size Small. Perfect fit. I think if you're on the fence about bras... buy this one. Nike never fails.", "I bought these for my daughter.  She said they were very comfortable and gave the needed support for her hip hop dance practice.", "This has been my favorite workout bra for several years.  Very supportive and stylish.  Doesn't stretch out like some cheaper sport bras.", "so good item  I LOVE IT RIGHT SIZE RIGHT COLOR......EXCELENTE PRODUCT I RECOMMENDED TO THOSE PEOPLE LIKE ME THAT LOVE SPORTS...", "the sneakers are super cute for girls and comfterble. i use them for running at the gym. no complaints. arrived on time and cheaper than in stores.", "Been using these to get into better shape. I use them religiously and never had a problem. Very comfortable and will definitely recommend this product and seller to others.", "They were exactly what I was hoping for. I ordered girls size and they fit perfectly. I haven't used them outdoors but on treadmill they're great. They're light but still supportive enough.", "very comfortable,  pretty and durable! would buy them again for my daughter!she completely loves them! beautiful  color combination.goodd luccck", "My daughter loved the shoes!!! She is happy with them. Would order in a different color if they get them.", "These shoes are amazing they are so comfortable and fit perfectly. I love them the look of them and how they fit and there really comfortable. These are the shoes to get. I looooooooove them!!!!!!!!1", "Gorgeous shoes exelent rate they delivered quikly and it have good prices!!! The size isperfect and the color and texturre exactly as in the picture", "Love em fit great and give my foot so much flexibility whether I'm walking, exercising, or running! I highly recommend, them!", "Love Love Love the fit on these shoes and my husband was the one that recommended these when I couldn't find any @ the local store.", "My daughter got these for the new school year and loves them.  The strings are bright and pretty.  She thinks they are very comfortable.", "So many compliments on the style and fits perfectly! Love them! I have recommended ordering these to so many people!", "I love my new NIke Free Run 3  running shoes.  They are cute and comfortable and exactly what I expected.", "I am so pleased with my Frees...They came quickly even though it was the holiday season. I ended up buying 2 more pair for my daughter and her husband...Thank you!", "I bought these shoes for my daughter who is quite the athlete--she loves them!  She says they're really comfortable, lightweight--perfect for running.  She's a year-round soccer player, but she stays in conditioning mode with road-running, treadmill, and zumba.The fit is great, and her feet stay cool (cool-looking, too!)", "These shoes are amazing, The colors are fabulous and they are SO comfortable. I had surgery on my foot so I am always on the hunt for a good shoe- and I think I found my perfect work shoes.", "Very satisfied. My great grand daughter. A doth grader is in track and is quite a runner setting some school records already at her age and she loved her shoes. And breaking rh in for her first track meet now inaugural. Thank you for the fast delivery that was awese. Love shopping Amazon.1", "The shoes are very confortable! Im glad that I could actually find these nice shoes in my size. Thank you very much!", "I began my search for a stylish shoe that would also improve my ability to walk safely and add a spring to my step! Little did I know just how important these shoes would be! Amazing thing began to happen as soon as I put these shoes on! I looked 10 lbs lighter and people noticed right away! I began to have a lot to talk about in the athletic circles and have made many new friends! I also was able to run faster than I have ever been able to since putting on these shoes! It has inspired me to reach for new goals like trying out for the Olympics! By far these are the best shoes I have owned! I am stronger, faster and more popular and I love it!! I would recommend these shoes to anyone who is looking to change your life!!!", "Love them :) they fit perfectly and are so comfortable to workout. I will order some other color for my collection :)", "i gave this to my dad as a christmas gift, and he loved it!! i bought him the red one too.. he was very happy!!", "The shoe runs great. I put ten miles on them without breaking them in and no blisters. Overall, the best shoe I've ever ran with. I have a slightly wider foot and this shoe fits great. As an added bonus the shoe laces are long.", "its a great fit..it feels like it may rip at the toe, though. I do like these shoes and are great for working out or running in.", "It's my second pair. They are great for running and have held up very well so far. They are better built than the picture would indicate and I would highly recommend them to anyone who use their shoes for running and other high stress situations. Plus, they look good.", "will never buy anotyher runnintg shoe again. Perfecton and price make this an unbeatable option.  Great experience and great functionality", "Not mad at them.  Not the best but they could be worse also.  My feet generally hurt after running in them but they have been good for every day wear and tear.", "my tennis fit me perfect right to my fit i will not have it no other way that is why yoy should know your size so sorry if some-one else had a problem with it they dont know there size. thanks for your great service.", "The shoes were a gift and my son reports they are very comfortable.  He uses the shoes for running and states they are much more comforatble than more expensive ones.", "These must be on of the lightest running shoes that I've ever owned. I rarely use them to run these days. Instead I use them to walk around in my neighborhood. They are so light that I can either run or walk for miles without even feeling like they are attached to my feet.I got the University Red ones even though I am not big fan of red shoes. These were REALLY RED. I guess I was not familiar with what University Red means but these sneakers were not dark red but rather really bright. I don't mind since it makes me kind of stand out in a crowd. The fit great and have mesh that allows your whole foot to breath when you are running. The shipping is fast and the product was top notch. Definitely would recommend this to anyone.", "it was a nice shop, it was for me but is not a big deal, thanks for all. bye :)", "Bought these for my son because he needed running shoes for cross country. He liked them and used them all season.", "I was a little nervous about paying for these shoes then finding out they are not my size, since I know nothing about this 9.5 D(m) shoe sizing. But nevertheless, the shoes came perfectly fitted to my feet, they are super comfortable and atop that, they arrived 2 days earlier than I expected.I am going to purchase another pair in the near future.", "I love this shoes because usually nike shoes fits perfect and last longer than any other brands.  Nike is my favorit.", "I don't jog in these, I work in them. I've worn this model for a couple of years now; the lunarlon line is awesome.", "I do a great deal of coaching for many young kids and these shoes work perfect for both looking great and doing athletic movements.  Very comfy", "My son says he can run as fast as the wind in these shoes. Lol. To pick out shoes and have him say I did a great job is music to my ears", "I love Nike. I got this for my boyfriend, he loved this shoes, fit very nice, my boyfriend mentioned are very confortable, Shoes looks and feels as expected. Highly recommended.", "I love Nike running shoes and the reason being I have terrible feet that need good support. Even in the ministry there were times I would wear Nikes in my Sunday best. Greatest shoes ever made in my humble opinion.", "all I have to say is: great shipping, great shoe, although after a while that you have them on it irritates your foot a little, when you jump the shoe absorbes the shock and you barely feel a thing, so in conclusion, I highly reccomend this shoe.", "I loved these shoes. Leg perfect fit. Different color. And run and ride a bike and just walked on foot. Everything is super. I recommend to all.", "I really love these shoes. They are comfortable, breathable, and all around nice. I recommend these shoes, especially for the price. Just know that they are more so for slimmer feet. If you have a wide foot, then I would be warned. But overall, great shoes.", "Bought for daughter to run track. She loves them! Perfect fit, nice style lots ..of support. Very happy.  I definately would recommend these shoes for running / sports", "It is sturdy and looks good. The color is so good for my boy who is ten years old. It is not heavy but looks not light.", "perfect fit, nice colors and built to last!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Really fit true to size also, great shoe, bought them for my son who lives out of town, mailed them straight to him and they fit great", "They are extremley comfortableThey are what I wanted in a shoeThe design is what I liked the most", "great price, very comfortable, shoe breathes nicely, and color is fun and different. i am aware Nike tends to fit smaller, and this was no different. a half size bigger would have been a better choice&#8230;.keep in mind", "Haven't worn athletic shoes in more than 10 years, forgot the comfort difference. They look good and feel good. Worth it.", "bought these for my boyfriend because he wanted running shoes.  He's really picky about his style, but these were a huge hit with him.  He loves the touch of red and most of all, they are very comfortable.", "Such a nice shoes, i love it..!! specially when it's time to run or take a long walk...! However it could be better have it in another color... Good relation between price and quality.", "my friend is too happy with his shoes,  he recomende with the closed eye. thanks  he said the color and material are very comfortable.", "These shoes run very narrow and short.  They are comfy, nice looking, and light, but Nike doesn't standardize their sizing and as a result, I am stuck with a pair of shoes that are too small.Waah!", "Have been wearing these for the past 3 months and they're holding up well.Very comfortable sneakers and a great price.", "My 14 year old son has wore these sneakers for a year now and they still fit and look good. They came in his favorite color too.", "It is a great productthe best running shoes i`d ever hadI love themwant them in a different color now.", "excellent product, 100% happy, 100% recommended. Arrived on time. no complains. the quality is great.excelente producto, comprado desde venezuela, vendedor responsable, 100% recomendado.", "Bought these shoes for my teenage son.  He loves then, he said they are light and easy to run in!", "I got exactly what i expected when i purchased these. They make excellent running shoes for sprints and for long distance. I actually prefer to wear them out in town to when i have a lot of walking to do. Very comfortable.", "I ordered this for my grandson and he loved them. They fit just perfect and came in when they were expected.", "I got these shoes through my Amazon acct at Amazon.com.My husband needed a new pair of sneakers, and these Nike shoes caught my eye and I knew I had to have them for him. He has bad knees and the Dr told him to wear good sneakers to absorb some of the shock of walking, and these fit the bill. He is really happy with them and loves the color combination. Great Nike buy.", "bought this for my husband who is very unparticular about his shoes. He said they work grerat so for the money it cant be beat!", "These shows were amazing. Great colors, design, and very comfortable. Great for running and even for casual purposes for comfy feet. But you should order the size carefully because sometimes ordering shoes online can result in a size too big or small. But other wise an excellent shoe. Love the lunarlon at the bottom for support!", "I took this for a run right when i got them and they were extremely comfortable.  My 5k time improved a whole minute with these.", "These are great shoes that fit very nicely, the colors are fashionable and I would recommend these shoes to anyone", "best shoes so far that i have worn within the past few months...im in college for a couple hours a day and all that walking hurts my feet at the end of the day... after wearing these shoes for the past 3 days i didn't have any pain at all and the best part , there really light and i feel that gel support under your heels at all times.", "My ten year old daughter likes this shoe. She says they are very comfortable and that she gets tons of compliments on them. I thought they came with the chip for this shoe but, this is not a Nike + shoe that will work with App. Our intended purpose was just a running shoe and that is exactly what we got. I believe we paid a fair amount as these sames shoes were selling every where else for above $80.00. I am very pleased with my purchase and they are still look good after six months of use by a busy ten year old.", "My daughter is 8 and very picky about shoes. She loves these and wears them every day. definitely worth it!", "I'm in the army and in an rotc program, I bought these to replace my aging PT shoes for running and general exercise.These are the lightest, most comfortable shoes I've ever worn. I immediately noticed an improvement while running vs my army issued ones. These shoes are extremely light, slim and flexible so that you never get the feeling that they're slowing you down, instead they seem to add a bounce to your run. Also, the cushion is excellent, so they definitely reduce the impact on your joints and muscles, great if you have a high impact routine, or if you're prone to injury or pain (knee, ankle issues, shin splints etc)", "This is by far the best sports shoe I have ever bought.  I have wider feet and they have adjusted nicely.I walk 4-5 miles per day in these shoes with no issue.", "It's great what I expected!Cheap, comfortable and simple!You can enjoy when you put on your shoes!It is same as you see the Pic!", "I bought these shoes for the price, but they have proved to be fantastic. I use them for the gym, running outside, and even everyday wear. I've gotten lots of compliments on the colors too. Great product.", "Very comfortable shoe, I walk on concrete all day. Love the bright colors and the time it took from ordering to pick-up was perfect.", "Love these shoes! They are very comfortable and the color is SOOOOO bright! LOVE THEM :)would def. recommended to anyone that wants a good running shoe.", "The nike air relentless 2 shipped very fastThey have a great fitThe color is greatAnd the price was a bargain", "I am in love with them. I work out a lot so I really love how comfortable they are while cute at the same time! I did not know they were going to be so bright, but that's just the shoe laces and if you do not like that you can buy black, white, or grey ones for a dollar or two. But apparently bright shoes are in right now so I like them the way they are! They actually run for me a TAD bit small but I should have ordered a half size bigger than I did, so hopefully when I get them back again they fit perfectly.", "Love these shoes:). I work a 12 hr shift on my feet jetting between patients. These shoes are light supportive and great looking... I have purchased 2 more pairs in different colors to add to my collection:)", "These shoes are adorable! They came in flawless condition, and I have absolutely zero complaints. At least $20 cheaper than the lesser quality running shoes in the shoe stores around here. Get them!", "I love these sneakers. I've been trying to track them down for a while. I love the structure/shape of them and the bright pink/salmon color is perfect!", "I love these sneakers, they are pretty bright but nice.  Its funny because I bought these on line, and I went over to show my niece, and then she goes into her room and brings out the same exact sneakers.  Great minds think alike! :)", "It was what I expected the product looks good on the foot and is very comfortable, if meets my expectations", "Looks good, lightweight but toebox is too narrow.  Is light on support.  Couldn't return so I'm using for walking but not what I was looking for.", "They fit perfectly, I love them. I've tried so many different shoes but these are by far my favorite. Worth the money", "Really cute and perfect fit! They came to my door right ontime! Great purchase for me, I'm very happy with them!", "I bought these shoes when I started a workout routine.  They are light, good support.  I fight heal spurs, they don't bother them.  And I always get comments on how they like the color.  Wish I could still buy them.", "I got these shoes for my mother, because we were going to Disneyland, and she needed comfortable shoes.. They came in just in time, 2 days before we went to Disneyland. She loved them! They look exactly like the picture shows. It was a great buy, because she HATES walking, and at Disneyland.... We walked a lot. She didn't complain at all.. anyway, she really enjoys these shoes.. I'm glad I got them for her. :)", "Very comfortable and i love the hot pink. Very very light. I use them for work and I work on my feet so They have really helped in my comfort.", "I love these shoes. I'm not sure if it's more for the comfort, the look, or just the fact i love the color orange and they match with a lot of my clothes. The only thing i don't like is just how breathable they are. I know, they are lunarglide+ 3 &#34;BREATHE&#34; running shoes, but i wasn't expecting my feet to freeze when i walked outside, granted i live in Illinois and it's about 5 degrees with 20-30mph wind right now. I recommend this shoe to anyone who like NIKE, or wears shoes for that matter, totally worth the price.", "My husband has had both knees replaced and this shoe is WONDERFUL. He now has 4 pair in different colors.Great shoe!", "I ordered this shoe because I love the lightness and feel of it. I have a ladies pair and so I ordered this for my husband.", "I wear these to the gym daily. Great shoe, very durable i guess so far standing up to me and im not a small person....", "Nice shoe, great color, light and breezy on the feet, looking for a pair in red if there are any!", "I am a huge fan of the Nike Lunar series.  They seem to fit my feet very well and are comfortable.  I am very happy with this purchase.", "My fiance suggested something like this for our honeymoon so I could have a supportive shoe yet not be hot when we walk. It accomplished that. They do not feel as heavy as the all leather shoes. The arch support is very good. You can almost feel the &#34;cool breeze&#34; on your foot when you are walking.", "I wanted to try these since I tend to put pressure on my instep while I walk.  These give me support and feel great for walking or running.", "Good, it is very soft and comfortable. I like it very much! I recommend other people but this shoes. Happy!", "These shoes were for my mom and she loves the colors are veery nice and are comfortable for her! she love it!", "Love this tennis shoes, they are really confy and soft. Really like the colors on it. Much more than what I spected", "This is the second pair I've ordered I love the wide band at the top, it makes a very comfortable fit.", "Very light weight and long!  Great for  coaching practices or working out!  It's thin but NOT see thru so I will be getting more!", "My son's favorite shoes. Had same pair in smaller size, held up well fir this hard-playing kid. I was glad to find them available online.", "The shoe wore well. Was a comfortable fit from the start. Great color. I've never had a problem ordering shoes on Amazon. I have always gotten a good fit. It helps to know your product and get the right size.", "As they are made to make the sport: Wonderful. Very light shoes. Convenient and compatible colors. It can be difficult to keep clean.", "Terrific cross-training shoe, especially if you need something that's light and breathes well.  Good luck finding it, though.  This particular model has been &#34;refreshed.&#34;  I hate it when Nike does that right after I discover a shoe that works perfectly for me (they did it with my shoes for tennis, too.)  I looked all over the web, snapping up all of these I could find in my size ;-).", "Great shoe . Light but sturdy  confortable , breathable  fabric ---excellent for summer wear . Light grey color is age appropriate for a an adult.  I looked on-line for 2 hours before I found a shoe that did not look like a multicolored one designed for a 13 year old !", "Got these for my husband for Xmas and he loves them!!! Very comfortable and light weight! He is very picky when it comes to shoes so I was very pleased he liked them as much as he does!", "This is the most comfortable and lightest running shoe i have ever had and they look greatFar better then my last pair of New Balance", "My son loves these shoes-- they fit as they should and they are comfortable for an hour long training session AND just for the running around a 12 year old boy does.Nike is a good reliable brand!", "Everything said about this shirt is true, the quality is top of the line.Perfect fit and it arrived on time.Would recommend to any woman!", "Love this shoe!! This is my 6th pair and I wish I could find more of them in my size.  I'm an elite marathon runner so I go through a lot of shoes and these are my favorites!", "i've been searching far and wide for a sneaker that is light, pretty, and supports in all the right places. and, finally, i have found it. wish i could find it in my size in 10 more colors. love.", "This bag is great for the price. Made of Hi-quality Materials , This is very recommended for gym purposes....No Cons at all......................", "My boyfriend purchased this bag because he didn't want an overly-large bag to take to the gym. This was perfect -- it has an impressive capacity, allowing us to fit two towels, a change of clothes, shoes, a hair dryer, soap, and many other things. We also liked the outer zipped compartments on both ends and on the side, in addition to the cross-body shoulder strap being removable. Definitely a good purchse for those of you who want a simple small gym bag and not a huge luggage-capacity duffel.", "until now i haven't use this bag, it's so huge!. the description was &#34;small duffel bag but its a full size travelling bag", "This is a good sized sports bag which is cool looking and functional. It can fit a pair of shoes, a toiletry bag, a bath towel and some clothes. Perfect!", "This was a gift for my son for Christmas. He loves it. He works out all the time, he said this bag is ideal.", "I like the bag and kept it. It is very nice but not what I would consider a LARGE duffel. It's just a regular duffel bag.", "This is a very good and durable bad but most of all it's huge! i can put my whole closet in there and there would still be room i highly recommend! Thank you!", "Like my title says...Great bag for a great price. Very handsome!! I can't seem to find a bag big enough for me to handle all of my stuff but this one is a good size and deep side pocket is very helpful.", "Really good shoes, my kid is very happy jogging and walking with this whorthless stuff. So we also decided to buy 2 more for my other kids", "The free run is not comfterble. It doesnt feel natura. I tryed the realflex they felt alot more natrul. nike free is just a shoe with cuts.", "Nike free run 3's are the best running shoes ever. They are nicely cushioned and they are extremely light. They are 9.3 ounces!!!!These shoes are great for P.E. or even the everyday tennis shoes. These shoes are the best.These shoes give you a very good bounce while running on track, dirt or any terrain. At my school we have a dirt track and with regular running shoes you don't get as much bounce as you would with these tremendous shoes.These shoes have a special feature called Flex Fit. Flex Fit makes the shoe able to bend into a circle, so when you are running you're running as if you're barefoot.These shoes are for short and long distances. So you can run 100m or 1600m with these shoes. You can run a track meet with these great shoes. I have ran a track meet with these shoes and they exceeded my running abilities.Unlike any other running shoes these shoes are great looking. You can get these great shoes in shades from black to orange to blue to red. You can also customize these shoes at any colors and soles you want.The audience of this product is almost anyone. Mostly people very athletic and sporty purchase these shoes. Also many kids purchase these shoes for P.E. or the regular tennis shoes.The only negative thing about these shoes is that they are a little overpriced. They are $70-80 per pair of shoes. Other than this little flaw I still love these shoes very much.I really think everyone should purchase a pair of these shoes. Even though these shoes are a little overpriced you should buy a pair. They are very light, good looking, cushioned and just perfect.I would give these shoes about a 9 out of 10.", "I have a lot of problems with my walking due to an ankle fusion. these shoes are great and comfortable for what I'm dealing with. Very light for walking. shipping was quick since it came from England. I received them long before amazons due date.", "He loves these shoes and says they are like wearing nothing.  So light and comfortable but with support.  They look good too.My husband copied him.  So now they both are happy and comfortable!Nike is always a good choice for quality and comfort.", "Well..  I really enjoy all Nike free's.. I owned several and loveThe lightness about all of them. These models have kinda side lacing thing going on and the tounge slides just a bit often for me during basically any thing past walking.. I love the lightness and support and sole.. But these  models are a miss for me however due to this.. Now the new 3.0's are suprer including design and foot and they are clean stylin all colors..... Nike's best free series yet", "I've been this exact model for around 5 months (for working out + normal daily shoe) and they are perfect, no issues whatsoever whit its durability. It's my second pair, first pair still going strong btw, after 5 years of not so much use, they are salmon lol.", "I took a chance buying shoes over the net for my teen boy. These were exactly what he wanted & fit just like the Nike's at the store for a better price!", "Incredible loved it i love running running and this shoe weightless and impact absorbent technology made it easy to sprint miles in a matter of minutes for me i love this shoe and look forward to purchasing another very soon. And thats The jist of it", "They are a great pair of shoes! They make me run faster and feel stronger. If you want a pep in your step, these are the shoes for you!", "I heard a lot about these sneakers and comfortable they were. Wow, that was no exaggeration, it is like walking on air. You can run, do squats, leg press, everything; really super nice. I will definitely buy another pair, for sure.", "great except for the black paint on the front comes off ! but over all nice shoe, very light !", "In some shoes I wear an 8 1/2 and others I wear a 9. I ordered a 8 1/2 in these and now I wish I had ordered a 9 cause they are a little snug, though not to the point that I can't wear them. These shoes are incredibly light though and are super comfortable for all sorts of activities. One of the best shoes I've ever owned and it's no wonder that I see people wearing them everywhere I go.", "Absolutely love this shoe. Very light and fits like a glove. I run fairly often, 3-5 miles 3-4 times a week, and these shoes provide great support and are extremely comfortable to run in. It doesn't hurt that they look really cool either...", "This is my second pair of these shoes. They offer an amazingly comfortable fit that helps you run the way you're supposed to. Very natural design they actually mold to your feet and running style over time...or seem too. Not a lot of heal support, but if you're running correctly, you don't need it. Very light and flexible.", "These shoes are definitely worth the money. They feel amazing on my feet. I've never worn more comfortable shoes in my life! They're also the most durable shoes I've had. I got these shoes around half a year ago and they have no holes, no nothin'. The feature I love most about these shoes is the flimsy material they're made with, giving them a barefoot-like feel. Highly recommended!", "Shoes came in early and in perfect condition :)I would recommend you buy these for anyone.I bought these for my BF and he loves them :)", "It would have been a nice shoe if they did not do this very unwise decision to put some kind of support /thin strip on top where the laces start / in the middle of the shoe which cuts trough your foot, creating quite of discomfort when you ware them longer. I have tried a few pairs and they all have that problem.Is not just defective one I came across...It would have been a nice shoe but...My foot is not wide ,its normal so I really think they made design mistake with this one.", "My second pair, should have gotten 1/2 size larger. These are &#34;soft&#34; shoes, I  only wear them in  my gym. I didn't know I would  get the so-called #3 style, my first pair was a #5; I  thought &#34;5&#34; was just a fancy branding.  Oh well,  still a great shoe for  indoors.", "These are the best shoes I have ever purchased. I have run for ten years and done crossfit style working out for 6 and I have never found a pair of shoes so ideal or comfortable for both. I have flat feet and plantar fasciitis but these sure almost never enrage my feet while jump roping, sprinting, squatting or anything else.", "ive always been sketch on buying shoes online just cuz i wouldnt know if they would fit but these fit and are really comfortable and light. personally i think these are the best running shoes ive ever had although usually ive just bought cheap $20 shoes. this was most definately worth the extra money and they showed up a day early! winning!!!", "I've been running many years - at least thirty. I've run on Nike, New Balance, Adidas, Asics - The Free Run 3 is the most comfortable training shoe I have ever worn. Very light with tremendous arch support and feel. The padding system is just the ticket for old knees and back.", "I wear these every day and I've come to the point that all I wear anymore is these type of Nikes. They offer ample arch support, and they are extremely light and comfortable.", "Can't believe how sweet these shoes are... Super light weight and comfortable... I actually am buying another pair because my 'gym pair' turned into my 'everyday pair' lol...", "By far the most comfortable shoes I have ever owned! The black ones don't look as good as the red ones IMO.There is a slot in one of the soles for a Nike pedometer thingy.", "I bought these for my boyfriend and he absoloutly loves them! He wears them constantly and they are super light.", "I've been a fan of the Nike Free Run series for 4 years now. It is lightweight and conformable.  The shoe top/exterior does seem to wear out quickly, and the treads get rocks stuck in them, but these are minor issues.", "This is my favorite shoes of all time!!! Light and durable!!! Their comfort is amazing!!! I will always keep it as my best and recommended shoes", "Highly recommend! Quick turn around even though we ordered during holidays. Arrived before we expected them. All around a fantastic experience.", "The shoes arrived in real Nike box all components in the shoe functioned as intended and just all around great shoes for running.", "Will order again - perfect - cute little guy shoes  :)  Fast shipment arrived on time - just as described!!", "Hot Punch is like an extremely neon pink, not pale at all, just full of such character. Because I love them so much I wear these only for indoor cardio and they do the job and somehow just make me completely happy while doing it. Wow I jump HIGH wearing these babies. I usually wear a 9 but I could only find a 10 and they still fit fine. Of course they are very functional for exercise or just looking super cute.", "Ordered them on friday and got an expected delivery date between Oct 4 and Oct 10. Had them at my door on October 1st! I ordered a size up as most reviews for this shoe stated but think I could have done with just half a size up. I couldn't find this shoe in this color and my size ANYWHERE. Thank you RunnWalk :) Was super happy to find it and enjoyed every bit of my quick run this morning.", "These are the best shoes out there. They are light, and with every stride air flows through the front of the shoe. They make workouts and runs way easier and ultimately more comfortable. I love that they dont have a hard plastic bit supporting the heel of the shoe because after a long time of use it seems to start to give blisters and dig into the back of your foot; however this is not the case with these runners. They are simply just make out of material, making it easier to slip on and off as well. I am aware the price is a bit high, however they are SO worth it. everyone needs a good pair of running shoes! Do your feet a favour!!", "Love love LOVE these shoes! I typically wear a 7.5 so I ordered a 7.5. They fit like a glove and are ridiculously comfortable. Not to mention I get compliments at the gym every time I wear them. A+", "The concept of a running shoe which simulates the feel of running barefoot is a great idea.  Shoes hold up pretty well through vigorous workouts and outdoor running scenarios.  Only downside is I'd avoid trails, especially rocky trails since you will feel the rocks (like running barefoot).  Other than that the functionality is superb especially in the gym or along flat trails.", "I own several pairs of these and I ADORE them!  They fit perfectly and are super comfortable.  I can work out for hours and not have achy feet afterwards.  HIGHLY recommend.", "Highly recommended skers... the weight and synergy is perfect....I got them for my wife and she described them as the best nike ever.", "These shoes are fantastic.  Very comfortable and has lots of cushion that I need when running.  No problem with knees or shins.  I'll buy these shoes again when I need to replace the once I just purchased.", "I love these shoes. I wear them on the treadmill for walking. I wear them around the house, and out and about. Very comfortable.", "These are great shoes for running!  I bought them hoping that replacing my cheap running shoes with something more supportive would reduce the joint pain I was having in my knees when I ran, and so far, it has.  And I've been complimented on how cute they look :)", "Love these shoes my second pair. I am worried Nike will stop making them. Fit perfect out of the box, plenty of cushion, (which seems hard to find these days).", "I needed this shoes because i started running and i love them, they re not heavy at all, and they look great in all my outfits", "This are from my wife, but I've been running since 6 years ago with Vomeros and their are excellent product! nice color, perfect functionallity, I really recomend it! for runners pros, begginers and amateurs...", "This is my second Zoom Vomero by Nike. I can't help but compare this to the older Zoom Vomero that I still have. In terms of the cushion, my older Vomero has much better cushion than this new one. Other than the cushioning, I like this running shoes. It has pretty colors and quality is really good.", "I'm nearly 50 yrs old and run several times a week from 3-8 miles each outing. I have a high arch and need a wider toe box. These shoes are the best! They were recommended by my local running store and I've never had joint pain even after a 10 mile run.", "I had a knee replacement and needed some walking shoes with a lot of cushion.  The Vomero 6 was perfect.  It was like walking on a sponge.  I didn't like the way my foot moved around in the shoe.  I purchased the Vomero 7 and love the way my foot is secure in the shoe.  But the cushion is very poor.  I can feel the street with every step.  I have already walked 12 miles in it so I cannot return it.  I think I am going to have to give them to Goodwill and search for a shoe with more cushion. That is $125 down the drain.", "It has been a huge adjustment running in these over my Brooks. They are like running in a cloud, great fluffy support in the heels. Unusual overall fit to get used to as compared to other running shoes, but they are great distance running shoes. For shorter runs (just a couple of miles) they are a bit much for me, I like more flexibility, but longer runs they have proved to be pretty awesome.", "Great fit. I like that the shoe bends well when I move. It would look softer in a lighter shade of grey.", "I was very happy to find this exact pair to replace the pair that just wore out.  My first pair was purchased at a runners store and was specially selected to cushion my feet for step aerobics and dance classes.  They worked well ( although I also put Super Feet inserts in them.)", "I have worn Vomeros for several years and think they are the most comfortable shoe to run in. Despite getting dissed in that book Born to Run (because they are too comfy), I am proud to wear them, and I love the chip that sychs with my Nike mileage watch and iPod.", "I bought these shoes to replace an old pair of Nike running shoes that were falling apart.  I had tried replacing them with a different brand about a year ago, but those always left my feet sore after wearing them  I love these shoes.  They fit great and are very light and comfortable.", "They are perfect shoes, they were sent on the model size indicated and as requested, I agree to the product, I recommend", "very comfortable for walking and running . the color is also fantastic. i bought it for my sister. Well, I've been a fan of Nike items since childhood.", "Very satisfied with the purchase carried out product since it is of excellent quality and they are original and I recommend it thoroughly.", "When my wife tried on the shoes they fit perfectly.  She where's them on occasion when we all around the city.  I would definitely order these shoes again?", "I love this shoe!  I suffer from heel pain and arthritis in both knees.  I am very particular about athletic shoes and these are the bomb!  I am not a runner, but a swift walker.  13-14 min. mile, 3-4 miles at a time.  The cushioning is this shoe has held up for about a year.  Just received Vomero 8s for christmas and purchased 7s on sale.  Give them a try!", "These sneakers are amazing! They're really comfortable and breathable. I haven't tried the Nike+ feature yet, but I'm sure it will add to a good review too.", "I bought these as a recommendation from a runners store after they did a full foot and stride analysis and recommended these running shoes for me.  My knee pain is gone while I run. This is a great shoe. I am very happy with this purchase! I will buy them again when they wear out.", "I've worn Nike running shoes for more than 30+ years and love them.  I plan to run in them for another 30 years.", "I have worn the Vomero for a few years now and they did not let me down once again.  A very supportive and cushy shoe.", "Great shoe.  Wish there was the same flexibility as the older model in the &#34;bunion&#34; area.  Other than that, very nice, lots of padding.", "Seller was efficient - delivery was prompt. Item was true to its description, and most importantly, price is reasonable. Shoes are comfortable and in line with the typical NIKE sizing.", "Good", "The bag is the perfect size! Not too long or wide making it easy to carry but still having plenty of room to carry everything I need to get ready at the gym post workout. A little pricy, but it seems well made so should last a long time. There is only one small zipper pocket inside the bag, a zippered shoe area on the side and a mesh pocket on the other side. So, not much storage for items. It will keep me from putting stuff in the pockets and forgetting about it I guess! I just put two separate makeup bags, with my items in them, inside the main compartment with my clothes, problem solved. The colors are great and the material is easy to keep clean. Very happy with purchase!", "This bag is super cute and functional. Lots of space inside, several pockets, and gotta love all the pink! It's an all-around great gym bag.", "A great pair of shoes. My son loves them, they feature great colors and are very comfortable. I would recommend them to anyone.", "These shoes are very comfortable.I typically wear a women's size 8 and got these shoes in a youth boys size 7 and they fit perfect!", "I bought the shoes for my nehpew. He has worn them about two weeks, generally they are good, but if they could be wider a little bit, they would be perfect. The duarability is unclear so far, hopefully good.", "My 9 yr old just had to have these...he loved the bright colors, but the material used is very light and thin.  we have some tearing already where his toe rubs.  if your kid is hard on shoes, these wouldnt be my first choice.", "They are a great item, my wife is real happy with them. They are a kids size 6 and my wife wears size 7.5 in women and they fit her good.", "Sneakers look great! Red color looks awesome! My son loved them when they came! I look forward to getting him another pair.", "The colors looked even better when i got them. Super comfy and i was so lucky to get it in GradeSchool sizes because its way cheaper then womens sizes!", "Great shoes for anyone: My kid loves it. It was pleasure to receive product that fit out of the box.", "I love this pair of sneakers! Such a difference from the nike shocks. Makes running a lot easier wearing a lighter shoe.", "Love these shoes. They have held up perfectly. Everyone is always asking me where I got them! Will order again!!!!", "Great shoe--bought for my daughter. They are lightweight and slightly low profile (minimalist and not too cushioned). She likes them very much for PE, track conditioning and general training.", "I work on my feet running around for 12 hours a day. I really needed comfortable, supportive sneaks because my feet always hurt. After wearing these for the last few weeks, I have no more sore feet at work! My feet are happy. I am happy. Oh and don't let me forget, they are SUPER CUTE!", "This shoe is identicle to it's full size. Nike uses the same high quality materials they use in the full size lunarglide!", "Was very impressed with the PO delivery. Shoes are beautiful color and so comfortable. Really good running shoes. I would recommend them for a good running shoe.", "Love these shoes! Good cushion and support, so not for the 'barefoot' shoe phase. The colors are great. I'm considering buying another pair. True to size.", "This is at least my 4th pair, and can depend on these to be comfortable and supportive.  I have tried others, but these I can depend upon.", "Bought these for a friend for her birthday. She says they are comfortable but do require a break-in period. She is an avid walker and says the Nike Zooms seem to be a decent walking shoe although at the end of the day her feet are tired-so she has a second pair of walking shoes that are not Nike that she wear for a couple of hours to &#34;relax&#34; her feet.", "like them they fit pretty good would buy them again I own 2 other pair of Nikes love the colors", "I normally end up getting one size bigger, now with the wider fit option, I get the perfectly fitted running shoes, And love the cushioning forms arc, and always love these Nike brand.", "I would normally use size 9 but I bought a 8.5 as it came in wide. The fit was perfect", "I love the color.  The comfort is not as comfy as the Vomero 6.  I wish they would bring that style back.  Shipping was very fast.", "Totally love this shoes when I received. Nice color and fit size as well. I will purchase again if need it.", "These shoes are awesome--I love a light fit & having these are such an inspiration to continue working out! GREAT product!", "I love this shoe so much, this is my second time purchasing. It's soft and comfortable. I'm not a sneaker fan because I don't like tight fitting shoes, nor do I like thick soles. This is a great running shoe. There is no hard hitting the pavement and super flexible so my feet never hurt!!", "I originally got this shoe as a training shoe, but I liked the feel of it without any insoles better. It's now one of the most worn pair of shoes that I have. I have looked for reasons to wear these shoes with outfits now.", "i love the color and comfort. the size was what i expected when i ordered. i'm so glad i got it.", "This is my 3rd pair of these sneakers. They feel like I'm walking on air. Love them. Will definety buy again", "I positively LOVE LOVE THESE SNEAKERS!!!!!  SO COMFORTABLE AND LIGHT!! COLOR IS GORGEOUS TOO!! PERFECT FOR WORKING OUT OR WALKING....DISNEY WORLD HERE I COME!!!!", "i love my new shoes they are really beautiful and comfortable i really like it because are pretty nice and cool", "Very comfortable, I can be wearing all day without a problem. If you are planning to go from store to store (shopping) make sure you a wear them. Perfectly fit.", "Very good and comfartable for training and yoga. My friend is very happy with this choise. Nike is a good one to go.", "it's just what i want, beatuiful shoes, with the right size and color, it's exactly like i want it, thank you", "I love my boots, sn as is what I wanted the perfect size, and I display with much happiness from Venezuela", "love these nikes. basic black and white coloring goes with a lot. super light and very comfortable. not a ton of support, but great for travel, excercise and everyday", "really comfortable. They sit tight on the foot, and feel great and supportive for walking and running. These shoes are very true to the picture.", "I really am emjoying the sneakers. They are really comfortable and even have cushioned insoles inside of the shoes.  Love them!!", "Altough i didnt buy them from Amazon i can say they are 5.0 Free meaning they are from 1-10 as the extreme barefoot sensationi can feel like almost walking barefoot, this is my first time using that Nike free technology.They fit well and are comfortable. Personally since is my first time wearing themi experienced some joint pain in my knees.I have 8 months training at the gym and 3 months doing spinning.", "These are great shoes for training in the gym. Feels very natural. More than a lot of athletic shoes, but you get what you pay for.", "I love the foam inside, and it fits in the foot. It dries easily and lasts forever! I look for something similar in my country and they never brought this.", "My daughter was very happy with the fit and performance of these shoes.  She wears them every time she works out at the gym.", "I am in love with this shoe. It has an insert that is like memory foam for your feet. It is soooooooooo comfy. Love them!", "Seems like there should have been a &#34;m&#34; and &#34;w&#34; option. My foot visablity pooches out of the shoe :)", "I ordered these shoe for my husband for a birthday present. He likes them a lot, and the fit is great for him, too.", "i love these sneakers i use these sneakers for the gym, basketball and other sporting activities they are comfortable and good for anything they even look good while ur out", "shoes are expected, very comfortable and excellent quality, I recommend 100% is needed for sports, they are very easy to wash", "Still wear this shoe. Very comfortable and stylish. Needs a Lil cleaning now and then from the dust and dirt. But, great shoe overall.", "My son really likes these shoes and they are holding up better than the last $120 pair of Jordan's he had.  I was nervous buying him shoes without him seeing them first hand but it paid off big time - nice product.", "These were part of my fianc&eacute;s birthday gift, and he only wears high tops and is quite picky, so I think I was just as pleased as him when they arrived, the transaction was idealistic, early, true two size, and appear just as described!", "Fit perfect. Holding up well after a month. Vibrant colors, the yellow stands out very bright. Comfortable and easy to get on/off", "Good for when you ball every now and then or play recreationally in the park. Good price as well for Nike,", "Really good shoes. I have worn them at least 5 times already and they are great and comfortable. Look very nice too!", "Shoes look very nice. Also work very good on the courts. Very sturdy feeling and grippy. I would recommend these to anyone trying to get good basketball shoes.", "These shoes are great and fit just as expected. I bought these shoes for my son and he love them.", "the last pair that I purchased was too small I went a size up and their good, I am pleased.", "My son wears a fourteen and often local store carry only a small stock of larger size shoes.  This leaves us with very few options.  Thank God for Amazon.  He's able to scour pages to find the perfect shoe for himself.  And they fit perfectly!", "The size fit perfectly. The quality is great, and the material is nice and smooth! they shipped out very fast and I would definately buy them again!", "Good shoes. Far above my expectations. Waooooooo might get another color as these are just too good to have one color", "Really liked these shoes when I first saw this online. Was really excited when I recieved it. Shoes are really comfortable and definetly can't wait to get more from this seller.", "i love it and my son will too on christmas morning. thank you for getting it here on the right time.", "I bought these for my son and he likes them a lot.  Great fit and good grip.  I would recommend", "Just a Nike shoes, I mean, PERFECT! Design and confection very very well. Very confortable and the perfect combination of colors", "My boyfriend loves it. It looks great, just like in the picture. Definitely worth the money I spent. Would buy again in another color.", "Nice lightweight shoe.  Seem better than air Jordan's at a cheaper price.  Very comfortable and they make you run faster and jump higher.", "Perfect pair of bball shoes. havent played in a while threw these on and hit the court with ease. Very comfortable", "Good Product nice for basketball practice. Some look a like to the 90's Air Jordan. My nephew is very happy so.. :) i am ok", "This is by far one of the greatest shows... I would never play in them...and did a mention they look awesome ok that is all", "Shoes were just as advertised. They came quickly too and you can't beat the price. I broke them in for about six hours of just casual activity and played in them the next day. They were very comfortable and I had no problems at all. Very happy", "They are good basketball shoes. I don't know the longevity of it since I have been using them for a month or so but I would recommend them.", "I was scared purchasing a pair of shoe that I haven't been able to try on. When I received the, I tried them on and they fit. I play basketball every Monday night and love this shoe. Nice shoe with a better price. Nike has never steered me wrong with basketball shoes.", "Exactly what I expected from the description. I have a big foot (size 16) so I hate ordering shoes online because of the fit issues but these fit perfectly and are great quality. Would certainly but from them again.", "Bought these for my husband and he seems very happy with them.He wears them to work and they seem to be holding up fine.", "If you have a picky teenager who insists on Nike footwear, this is a good choice. Reasonable priced (for Nike), and the fit was as expected.", "My son enjoys this shoe for basketball and it is very light weight, comfortable and stylish. It is a bit of a bear to get on though. He has to really pull the laces out far to wiggle his foot in and while it has gotten easier over the past few weeks as he has broken them in it is one of the more challenging shoes he has to get on easily.", "I always by Nike a 1/2 some larger for my Husband since he has EEE width but they look gorgeous on him. The quality is fabulous and the price unbeatable.", "With Nikes I always go up half a size and it works out for me. Great price, great shoe. They are comfortable and look great. They are used with 3/4 insoles and hold up great doesn't look wide.", "They are better looking in person that in picture, i think thery are ok i dont espeacilly like it but i dont wear it either.", "As expected. Shoes were purchased for a young man who had no shoes and no means to buy them.  He was very happy", "They're super comfortable durable and look like i have barely worn them i have had them for 3 months. I really like them.", "Its a gift for my grandchildren.  Its amazing.  We are really happy with this product.  Thanks a lot.  My grandchildren is very happy.", "The shoes are very nice, very soft to meet expectations and all product data presented. They are excellent. They came to my country in a suitable period of time, they may recommend the purchase.", "I bought these shoes for my husband who has been wanting new basketball shoes for a while now. He is a 10.5 and the shoes fit perfectly. He wore them straight out of the box for 3 days to break them in and he had no blisters or soreness from wearing stiff new shoes. He said that they were incredibly comfortable out of the box and that he loves them.", "They're great shoes. Good traction, good fit, comfortable. I've been playing basketball for 15 years and I've never had shoes I liked more.", "I bought these kicks for my bf. He loved them from jump street. He wears an 8 1/2 in Jordan's yet for some reason, I felt compelled to go up a half size and opt for the 9! Great decision indeed. The merchant even but a card in the box so that the next time I ordered from them, I'd get a percentage off!!!", "These are the kind of shoes to play basketball every day.  Very nice fit, great support, improves stability, keeps your feet dry, and so on. Great deal.", "I didn't expect them to be this comfortable.  Excellent choice.  Shipping was quick and sealed perfectly.  Definitely recommend this style to anyone!", "I love Nikes shoes and these were a great quick and cheep option for playing ball with some work buddies.", "Purchased for my 19 year old son who needed a pair for the summer. He loved the way they looked on his feet, and the way they fit.", "I really like these shoes! Fit is great! The price was even better! I want these shoes in more colors.", "Extremely comfortable ! ! ! ! ! ! !  Best shoe I ever bought ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !", "I play tennis 2 hours a day, three days a week. I needed a tennis shoe that would provide the comfort and cushion to support my ground game..I would rate the Nike Zoom among the best and even better than some of the more expensive shoes I've worn", "Great Shoes....Very nice colors. Very good Fit. My Sons loved them as well as my daughters. Cushioned soles are great...", "I have tried wearing it and the size did not seem perfect and since I am using it away from US find it difficult to replace.  However was happy with the quality", "I mean they are good nikes. There's not much to say really, comfortable and breath well. Very bright haha I like that but just letting you know.", "Great Pair of Shoes, I'm happy with this purchase...They're Comfortable, Light and very aesthetic... I bought it for my Hubby and he loves them!", "These are really comfortable, light weight and look good as well.  Nike has the best workout and cross traing shoes I have ever purchased.", "Believe me, these shoes will make you wanna run around the Whole Country twice, then more! As soon as I tried em on, I admediately became More Active. Very comfortable for the Gym, Track, Basketball Court, etc... The Biggest Plus is they look Good on your feet. So wearin em out gets ya a lot of looks, considering that Bright Green color jumps out atch ya. Not to mention they're Nike Shoes, which makes Amazon such a Great Source to shop from. You just type in what brand shoe you want, then BAM, all these choices pop up for you to choose from. I love to take my time and look at every kind, hard to do that at any Store. Highly Recommended, you'll love em! Happy Training People", "they are very confortable, goes very much is everything. i really like this tennis and i really am glad i bought it!", "Very impressed with the quality. My daughter loves these Nikes and they fit like a glove. She loves wearing them everywhere.", "I purchased the Free Trainer 5.0 in March of 2013 - and the 2nd pair in December of 2013.Great for working out and training in the gym.Allows me a light workout shoe that helps me feel the ground better than most shoes (i tore my achilles last year) i tried after my injury.", "My son loved the shoe. They are very light weight and he loves the bright color as well. He wants more in many colors now.", "I am trying to run more.  When I gotten these shoes, I didn't realize how comfortable they are and how light.  I would recommend getting the NIKE Free Run.", "These shoes not only are comfortable and supportive they are stylish to the point that they get notice...I have never owned a pair of shoes that got so much positive attention!", "I just received these the other day as a Birthday present and love them. Exactly what I was looking for and they got to my house in a timely fashion. They look and feel great. Might purchase a similar pair soon.", "Purchased this size 12 for my 15 year old.  I was very concerned that it was going to make his already long foot looker longer.  It did not.  It looks great on his foot.  He says that it is very comfortable. We were looking at some nike free 5.0 at Dick's sporting good and we are glad we purchased these.  They were half the price with the same comfort.", "Great shoes fit great. Shoxs are great shoes anyway. Nikes are the best shoes out there anyway highly recommend. Vary comfortable and great looking too", "This is an AWESOME shoe.  I purchased an extra pair, since NIKE seems to have discontinued the Tailwind series.  The fit, feel and overall comfort are tremendous.  I would recommend these to anyone that is an avid sports fan.", "These shoes are fantastic, they fit great and feel great when I run, no pressure on my knees or ankles. Nike certainly got it right with this shoe.", "It's very hard to write a recommendation for shoes.  Due to the differences in the shape of the human foot the best I can do here is review the shoe itself.  I have not owned a lot of Nike shoes but this shoe is constructed extremely well.  I have worn Merrell's for years but find these just as comfortable.  The \"Tailwind 96\" provides excellent support, are light and you can wear them all day.  I think you'll be very happy with this choice ~ and the color isn't bad either, goes great with Levi's.", "I bought these hoes for my father, because hi only can run and swiming righ now. the shoes are very confortable a beatiul, he's happy with this gift.", "I love the shoes and the look.  They are very comfortable and fit as expected.  Nike knows there trade.  Thank you.", "This is a very comfortable Shoe.  Lightweight and sturdy.  also very stylish.  Before i ordered my friend told me this shoe was a tight fit so i ordered a 1/2 size too big and it fits great.  if you like a tight running shoe then order normal size for you.If you like the style then 1/2 size bigger will suit you fine.", "Great shoes at a great price. Its hard to find a good looking shoe for a white guy but these are it for me.", "One of my favorite shoes that Nike has produced.  I like no shoe strings...especially for workout shoes!  This is my second pair so that should tell you something.", "this shoes are so confort and easy to wear is kind a small so I buy halfsize more big and fit perfect look so nice have great material qualityI will come back for one more in different color , fast delivery .", "I rarely buy sneakers, however when I saw these I had to purchase them.  Years ago Nike had a line of shoes called &#34;Presto.&#34;  They had one particular sneaker that looked exactly like these, and they were the most comfortable shoes I ever owned.  Bought these for the nostalgic factor and I am very pleased with the product.  They are a great lifing / running shoe, provide amazing comfort, and fit securly.  Very happy.", "Looked at 100's of sneakers online. Needed the right style & price (wasn't planning on paying more than $80 for sneakers for a growing boy!). Found these and they fit the bill. Grandson has gotten lots of wear and compliments on them.", "this is a wonderful purchase, the shoes seems good, my brother is happy to get it. thank you very much", "Love them! Big shoe collector! Everything I expected and more. Remind me of the Jordan 4 retros and I'm a huge Jordan fan", "The shoes are okay but I was sent a different color from what I ordered. My son has not worn it yet so I cannot comment on comfort.", "Love the style and fit. Plays great on the court. I wish they made more shoes like these sweet kicks from the 90's.", "I bought these for my husband, he is 27, as a birthday gift. He loves ahving a variety of sneakers to choose from and he loved these! They fit true to size, he says they are very cushioned and supportive. he has worn them at elast en times now and they look graet with light colored jeans especially.", "These shoes are worth their price. I seen these nike air flights at a local store but alas, they did not come in my size. Luckily amazon had clients who provided them. Before buying you should know that they tend to crease easily and are very snug. I am usually a size 10.5 (Men US) but again, since they are snug, I bought a size 11 which fits great! If you do buy them and they turn out a little long (while the width is perfect) buy shoe insoles (This may help with minimizing the crease problem). I would definitely recommend these shoes to any lad wishing for shoes that are fresh as fuuuu!", "Great looking shoe but had to send back.I couldn't hardly get my foot in the shoe to try it on...", "this pair of shoes is exactly what I wanted, it's really enjoyable to do exercise with it , and looks cool", "These were for my grandson.  I had got them for his birthday.  He picked them out and has been very happy with what he got.  &#34;Papa&#34; didn't think much of the color, but that is my generation, not his.", "Very nice shoes. i wore this on a Hawaiin themed party and i got so many compliments. I couldnt fine my size neither, good thing i checked amazon!", "very good shoes and excellent price, these shoes are ideal for a play basketball or any ocassion, it was made quality materials and nice model. i recomended 100%.", "These are great.  I bought them in a size 12 men's, which is usually true to form for me in Nike sneakers...and  as expected, these proved to be just as fitting, suitable in every way like a true minimalist sneaker should.  They remind me of the 1st Nike Free sneakers I had a few years ago, which I wore out and could not replace because Nike changed the design.  The sneaker soles are a key feature to me in both color and thickness.  Because of where I am, there are allot of rocks and dirt, which can wear on your feet over time.  These are a great aid in that factor.  They are very lightweight and look great.  I thought they were a bit darker in color based on the picture here but I still like the look overall.  All pros and no cons as far as I'm concerned.  I love them!", "Extremely comfortable shoe.  Breathes very well, it is a weird feeling to know you have a shoe on but to feel the breeze on your feet because these breathe almost as if there was a sandal there.  I do not run in these but am always doing activities in them.  Great for warm weather.", "As good as advertised. Fits to size and flexible with mesh top. Sole extremely lightweight and cushions/supports. Extremely comfortable for walks and runs. Do note that toes will stick out of form given soft top. Great for barefoot runs as inner lining is tacky but with mesh top plenty of ventilation to prevent killing everyone when you get back home!Delivery of item was fast and efficient.", "Got the item. Excellent deal. You would never go wrong with the Roshes!!! This CW is the best for me... :)", "These shoes are fabulous. They not only fit perfectly and look really good but they also accommodate your sole inserts, which is a huge deal for people who have feet issues.", "i totally love i have been loocking for this kind of classics items and they were some of the missing one, thanks SneakersRx you are responsible , fast , i hereby recommend you to the amazon costumers community", "Very comfy, stylish, fits like a glove. Recommended to any avid shoe collector or just anyone who needs a simple, sytlish shoe.", "received these sneakers on time and my son loves them and we got them for a great price. who can complain", "My new Nike Air Flights!  I love my new shoes. They are sharp looking, not only to me but others have commented on how much they like them.They are pretty true to size. I ordered the men's 9 medium (women's 10 medium) and they fit comfortably. One thing I did notice - I have an older pair of Nike Air Flight basketball shoes and the back of the ankle on the older shoes had much more padding (a whole separate piece that came up quite a ways higher in the back) and I miss that. These new shoes are comfortable, just not AS comfortable as the old ones.But, all in all, I am very happy with my new shoes. I don't wear them for sports, just walking, so I have no idea how they'd work for actual basketball shoes.", "My son loves the Nike air flight falcon shoe.  This is a product that is hard to find and again Amazon comes through with many sizes to pick from and good prices.", "Love the color scheme. Fits perfect. Comfortable as expected. Haven't had one crease since I've worn them. Darker Blue than expected. All and all. it is a great shoe", "Going online and buying shoes you dont expect it to be exact...in this case, it was exactly what was on the picture!  Color, shape, size, everything was perfect.  I will definitely buy from them again.", "They run a hair tighter than expected....specially after eight hours + @ robotics competition...my son said they fit great but get snug after extended wearing", "I highly recommend this item! I bought these for my boyfriend and he was ecstatic when they fit perfectly and everything! The packaging was in excellent condition! There was no flaws in the shoes in terms of if the packaging made marks on the shoe or if there was something wrong with it. So I highly highly highly recommend this item!", "These shoes are not as good as i expected they said a lot about how good they were but they were lying for people to buy it. It is a little too small and it does not have much use. It is very good for about the first month for basketball but not anything else. After that about first month the traction which was exceptional started to wear off really fast and they were useless. I play a lot of different sports and i tried to do parkour with these shoes and i slipped a lot doing wall runs and landing from high jumps, and it was hard to land good after many vaults. I would not recommend these shoes unless all you do in your life is basketball.", "I love the great colors. BUT, no that comfortable. These need a extended break in period. Really really stiff shoe", "Great shoe, fits well.  The weight of the shoe is a lot lighter than expected.  Overall with shipping and price an excellent buy.", "I ordered these for my husband to wear for a destination wedding that we were in. Very light weight, comfortable and believe it or not, stylish. If your not into heavy shoes for summertime, buy these. And they wash easy!", "I know you shouldnt look at your running shoe as a fashion statement but i do OMG when i got them in and opened them for the first time so adorable i got the hot punch pink color deff my type of shoe.....i didnt give a perfect rating because i havnt ran in them but when i slipped them on they deff hugged my foot like no other........iam very pleased.....want to order another pair.ASAP", "I first saw these shoes at Footlocker and fell in love with the shoe but not the bright color so I decided to buy them online (Amazon) in the gray/purple color.  I love this color combo and the shoe is so light.  I also saw them on Nordstrom's website for $95 plus tax which ended up being $102.  I bought them for a total of $78 which included free shipping.  I got them two days later!  Thanks Amazon/ShooPOP!  Great service!!!  Also, this shoe runs half size smaller.  I wear size 8.5 and bought size 9 ... Perfect fit!", "I do not buy the first product nike, I like the convenience and quality of these Sneakers can ispolzovat for sports and long walks, trips feet always comfortable and not feel ustalosti.Ya recommend.", "Not only did the shoes arrive in perfect condition, they arrived in two days! These shoes are like wearing slippers...made of down alternative...on a bed of tempurpedic foam! Nike Free is the best shoe for those of us with narrow feet. This show is impressively snug as well, so if you're on the fence regarding the fact that this shoe has no shoestrings, waiver no more! The elasticity of the shoe definitely hugs your foot - not too tight, not too loose. It's the Goldilocks shoe for barefoot runners! There's just enough cushion between your feet and the pavement you pound them on. If you are into Plyometrics, these are also great for those high jumps with soft landings as the Free is just so form-fitting. The creme-de-la-creme is that these shoes are lighter than air, so you won't be weighed down when you're walking, running, jumping, or just plain kicking your feet in the air! I will repeat that these shoes are best for people with narrower feet and they're also best for individuals who have already been running in \"barefoot\" style shoes as well as those individuals who do not have knee or back issues, which is true for anyone who wants to wear minimally cushioned shoes. As for this girl, LOVE THESE SHOES!! :0) As a side note, if you don't like highlight colors or anything bright, you'll want a different color. For me personally, these work GREAT as a \"safety\" color when I'm riding my motorcycle!", "Look so nice and feel so good , I use normaly 7but many other buyers says run to small so I buy 7.5and fit me perfect , great color and fast deliveryI will come back for one more of this shoes in anothercolor , I love it .", "Good fit and arrived on time.  No surprises about the color and/or style; the pictures were very accurate of the product I received.Women:  If you wear a 8.0 in Nike Women's sizes, you'll prob. be a 6.5 in boys sizes.  Try it! Much cheaper and gives you more style/color variety :)", "My son loves this shoe. Im thinking of getting him more colors. He said they feel very good on his feet.", "Got these for my Grandson for his 11th birthday.  He loves these shoes so much,  Great shoe for a great price.", "I have a son going to school that opened these tried them on and is in his glory. he loves them. they look and feel great. being a boy rough on sneaks, I will have to update on wear and tear in near future. So far thumbs up we love amazon, got here on time that is one thing I personally have no issues at all with keep up great work.", "sneakers fit great and my child loves them! They go great with any pair of clothing and are a great pair of running sneakers", "QUICK, JUST AS ORDERED, NOT 1 PROBLEM TO REPORT. THE ORDER CAME WITHOUT RECEIPT BUT ASSUME THAT WAS MISTAKE, HOWEVER I DID NOT NEED IT DUE TO SHOE FIT/LOOK/FEEL GREAT, MY SON IS HAPPY.", "the cleats are extremely amazing they have good leather and super good feel on your feet........defiantly recommend buying. The design is also very nice. I got the nicest pair of cleats on the field!", "Sandals are cute but they will hurt your feet on the back, at leas this is what I've experienced with these shoes.", "Wonderful shoe. Fits true to size. Great quality. Feels like I'm walking on air. The color is great also, goes with everything.", "These shoes are really great! My husband loves Nike and loves these shoes. They are true to fit and the color is great!", "My 21 year old son chose these shoes and result exactly what he expected, Both color and size fitted perfect his expectations and his feet! Highly recommended", "Got these Nike skateboard shoes for my son for Christmas and he loved them.  They made a great gift.  Awesome!", "These are great. They are holding up a lot better than the cleats he had last year, and they are perfect for him since he has narrow feet. They do run pretty narrow, so if you have wide feet, these probably aren't the best choice for you. They are comfortable, and do provide some ankle support even though they are low shoes. He loves them!", "These are some of the best cleats I've ever used. I play ultimate frisbee and football both with these and they are amazing.The Good:I can't say enough good things about the grip I get with these cleats. I really can make great cuts in any direction and thats really important to me with the positions I play. They are super light and I feel actually help increase my speed. At the same time they are pretty comfortable and really sturdy.The Bad:They are a bit narrow and maybe slightly small. I had to take the first pair back and get a half size bigger.Over-all they are a good sturdy cleat. Super happy with the purchase :)", "Used these for a flas league while I was stationed in Korea.  Fantastic cleat.  Awesome mobility and grip.  A little snug for my foot but it seems to have relaxed a bit (normal for Nike footwear in my experience).", "Good fitting comfortable cleat. No issues with replacement cleats. Found them and they screwed right in. They hold up well after many games and practices.", "Great shoe, my son  loved it. He said its really comfortable and he plays a lot of football. Shipment was fast and the size is true to the post thanks. I will always buy shoes on here.", "Purchased these for my nephew! He saw them and picked em out. When they arrived and he tried em on he loved them. Nobody else on his football team had any like these and he loved the fact that the cleats were changeable in case he had to play in mud.", "Every time I wear these sneakers I get a compliment on how nice they look...the fit is great...it makes my foot look sizes smaller and petite...the colors are electric, vibrant and bright...it's super comfortable...great buy", "Narrow fit.. not too impressed with the item.. looks like it was not well made... not sure if this was a knock off... I end up returned", "I love these shoes! They look great and fit just right. I would highly recommend these shoes the color is a dark grey and cloth material. Wonderful shoes", "This is a great fit spike. Everyday use it is comfortable.  Feet do not hurt. I would purchase this brand again.", "The cleats are too much heavy, but the power for striking is what i was looking, if it was lighter, it would be perfect.", "I love these sneakers.  It's my third pair of the exact same style different color scheme though.  The kid's size is a little more wider than the women's shoe of the same kind.  Makes leaning forward more comfortable on the sides of your feet when bent.  Good for playing indoor volleyball.  More traction so there is less sliding when reaching, diving and roling to get a volleyball in play.  Love these snealkers !!", "When I ordered these shoes I thought I had to wait 5 days to get it but it came in 2 business days, so that was really quick service. When I first got them and put them on they felt great on my feet. A little tighter fit on the left shoe but it was still a great feel. The color looks great!! A lot of people don't have this color way. So this was a really FAST and GREAT service. I recommend you buy from them!!", "Good product, consider buying one extra size than yours cause it fits tight, other than that is a great product.", "My daughter really wanted a pair of sneakers. This was her second choice, the ones she really wanted were sold out. I tried to order from the home website but to my dismay they did not accept credit cards from outside of the United States. I decided to check out Amazon and told her to see if she could find the sneakers she wanted. She picked these I ordered them and two days later they arrived. She is happy.", "everyone asks where I get these shoes and I just grin. cant find in store especially with my size. but overall im still whereing and they look great. thank you very much.", "These shoes Fit true to size. Very Comfortable. Shipped as expected. I am very Happy with this product, the way they look, an feel.", "These are the best brand of shoes I know for running,basketball,and shaking when playing footballSo please buy them .", "Bomba pro still the best for playing in sintetic grass..the colour black red is my fav,This is the best all I need to playing futsal..:)", "very nice", "These boots are everything my son wanted: lightweight, comfortable, sharp-looking.  He's delighted with them.  They seem well made and the sizing is accurate.", "I bought the Nike CTR360 Trequartista soccer shoes for my son and they are true to their size, fit comfortably and he absolutely loves them.", "These shoes fit true to size. They are comfortable, and although they are flat bottoms, no slipping and sliding around on the indoor field. I bought these for my husband and he really likes them.", "The shoes were the wrong size and had to be returned.  Their return policy was excellent, and everything was taken care of quickly!", "is fine, i like the service. is very good easy fastmuy buen trabajo el producto lleg&oacute; excelente sin detalle,y a tiempo. gracias", "They fit great! Our son loves them.  They are very comfortable.  Easy to clean and very durable.  Just wonder why no front cleat on these shoes.  They are for FOOTBALL, not SOCCER.", "These shoes are amazing, they are perfect fit on your feet, the color is just unbelievable, and they are incredibly comfortable these shoes are worth it!?", "Very fast shipping and excellent product. Just the color we wanted. They wash well. This is my sons second pair of Nike Free Runs and they are great!", "Best airmax ever. Looks and feels great..! All black , hard to find.  Very rear get them while u can", "I am already in love with my new Nike's training shoes! They are beautiful and super comfortable. Delivery was fast. I definitely recommend this product and buyer.", "These are the best. Love the colour and because of the design they breath very wellAll the girls at my gym are in love with them", "They were perfect and beautiful. I got them when I expected them now to convince my dad to get me white ones.", "This shoe fits like a dream! They are so comfy and definitely stylish. I have wanted these since I first saw them in high school.... Now they are finally mine! and I cannot wait to wear them. What a perfect addition to my Jordan collection :))", "My daughter will only wear Nike soccer cleats, and not just any Nike cleat. This style fits her best because it doesn't have the molded arch support like other Nike cleats have.", "Great shoe...just ran a little too big and had to send it back.  Wish NIKE didn't change the style and fit of their cleats every 6 to 8 months....really what is with the colors?", "I couldn't find these shoes in my size and in this color any where so when I saw them here I had to get them. I'm very happy with my purchase and they're pretty comfortable.", "I bought these for my 3 year old daughter and they have lasted her quite awhile in good condition. I go through shoes like water with my daughter because she is hyper active and is always all over the place running and jumping. I am quite impressed that these boots have lasted her so long. They are also very cute and stylish. I would say they were definitely a great buy!", "I bought these boots for my daughter for her birthday because she need a pair of durable winter boots. These boots are cute and pretty durable being that my daughter still haven't scraped them all up. They have pink fur on the inside for a warm feel for your young one and they will definitely endure any weather possible. They were so cute I even got myself a pair lol. Go ahead and purchase them for your little one", "Good quality, great price, nice style and my son loved it. They are built very strong andshipping was fast.Will definitely recommend it!", "My husband loves these Nike socks and these are no different. Nike makes a great Men's sock. I always keep plenty of extras in his sock drawer, both crew socks and low cut socks. It always has to be Nike! He says they feel the best, fit him the best, and are pretty much a decent price. It makes it  easy for me when I do laundry, all his socks pair up easily!", "These are not expensive socks, and as you would expect - you get what you pay for.  The padding is pretty minimal.  It will be interesting to see how these hold-up with repeated washings.", "I thought they would be your old regular type of tube sock but come to find out the actually have a built in fit for the foot and the are nice and thick...great for the winter", "EXCELENT. VERY RESPONSABLE.FAST AND WITHOUT DEFECT. I RECEMEND THIS WAY TO PAID.I AM VERY GRATEFUL FOR THE PRODUCT. THANKS A LOT.", "These are nice cleats. They look good and they fit my 6 yr old well. Looks like a great selection for football cleats.", "My husband and I never agree on shoes for him but when we saw these shoes we both agreed that he had to get them. My husband love them and he states that they are very comfortable shoes.", "Bought these sneakers for my nephew for xmas... He loved them.  great sneakers, well made and look good casual or semi dress.", "LOVE THESE SHOES. VERY COMFORTABLE. LOOK GREAT.I GET AT LEAST ONE COMPLIMENT ON THEM EVERY TIME I WHERE EM.GOOD PRICE TOO. THO I HAVEN'T BEEN ABLE TO FIND MORE AT THE SAME COST..", "Awesome Shoes! Look really good but can begin to look like fat kid shoes if worn out too much. Definitely worth it though.", "these shoes were perfect!!!!! they looked amazing and was comfortable for my little brother to walk/run/play in. shipping was great too.", "It was kind of a waste. Get the normal elites instead, they'll do you just as much good as these.", "my nephew who wore them said he feels very comfortable wearing it, pleasant to the feet and skin as well as durable.", "Great socks!  Thick and sturdy a look great on. My son has 2 pair of these and would wear them everyday if he could.", "Love these socks.. So comfy.. Don't lose quality in the wash and provide wonderful support in any activity even around the house.", "My son loves these.  He wears them a lot. They have not worn out or gotten holes in them. Great socks for athletes", "super comfortable, bought them for my boyfriend and he loved them!! great socks to wear during basketball games. keeps your feet really supported.", "I received these socks Quick my son loves them for Basketball.  The double layer is a great choice and are very comfortable.", "Love these socks.  I no longer have to wear to pairs while I play.  They are super comfortable and protect my feet better than any other sock I've tried.", "These nike socks are my sons favorite.  They come in great color combinations. Perfect for sports or casual wear.  Arrived quickly", "very comfterable and are good so i dont have to dirty 2 pairs of socks. A good sock to get for basketball.", "There is so much padding on the bottom of these socks that it almost seems like you are wearing supports for the inside of your sneakers. (I normally buy supports for the inside of sneakers since so many brands lack arch and heel support ) These socks are great.  I just wish that they didn't cost so much.", "Grandson picked these out for  basketball.  Look great, keep his feet dry, wash easily and keep shape.  Very serviceable socks..", "Good socks, exactly what you expect. Personally though, I'm just not that crazy about the double-layers. But otherwise they're great.", "i bought these socks for my son to where at his basketball games. everyone on the team wants a pair now. they keep his feet snug,no  movement or sweet can released in the shoe . they r a hit......", "very nice.. my son wants more..  a little spendy but, worth it.. i would recommend to anyone that plays basketball", "my son loves them and wears them all the time.  be wants several more pair,  they came on time and at a good price", "These are very nice socks and I bought them for my grandson. I think he will be very happy with them. the delivery was prompt.", "Great socks, very comfortable and stylish.  Teenage son loves them.  Would order more if they were cheaper.  Price is on Nike though.", "These socks are great - they fit well and are a quality product. It is hard to find this green in stores, so I was happy to find it online.", "I tried on these socks the first day i got them and i must say they are awesome. when you walk in them its like walking on a cloud!", "My son loves them, he says they are the most comfortable basketball socks ever also all his teammates want a pair.", "First of when i got the package it came ripped which was okay i guess the when i put them on the was no padding on my heel so it felt uneven but still okay.", "I bought these for my son and he wears them all the time and he has told me that he loves them since then I have bought 9 more pairs and will be buying more!! They are worth the extra money all the way!!!", "Very comfy, looks a little wierd in my slides , it gets all bunched up and makes my foot look fat, but I love them no one I know has them makes me feel special they look FANCY hahaha", "Everything but the flexible flyer Snowball maker came sooner than expected.  The snowball maker did not come.Amazon is incredible and well worth the process which is as easy as it gets.The only problem that I have is so many related e-mails; rather not get the advertisements.", "I got a pair of these for my son for basketball. There great there the best athlete socks to buy. Its worth the money. It has padding on the sock and will fit your foot nicely. Buy them!!!", "Hold up very well to wear and tear and washing.  Thick with great elastic.  Almost fit like compression stockings.  Worth every penny.", "This is my fourth pair of Jordans (of ones I would still wear) and I would say these are unlike many of the others. One, they're low-tops with a canvas-like material making up the black exterior. The main reason they don't look like most other Jordans is because they're not as flashy. This came to be a a welcome change once I started wearing them.The shoes feel great on my feet and they're of pretty good quality for the price.", "First two weeks, the shoes felt tight but after playing ball with it a couple times, it loosened up. Good looking shoes and great comfort for playing ball.", "The shoes were AWESOME, played with them in the gym and was intense playing my skilled baller shots and thank u", "Got this a bit small but it's alright. I like this shoes and have bought another one one size bigger. Perfect!", "Best shoe I have ever bought. Didn't even have an awkward break in period. Wish I could have found another pair my size.", "Yes if athletic could be this are them. The leather looks nice and in Seattle works well for winter rains", "these shoes look absolutely awesome, too bad they don't feel as good as they look.  Seem to be a bit narrow, VERY stiff, and since they're somewhat waterproof they're hot no matter what socks you put on.  When I wear them walking, the soles of my feet start burning, so I've only been wearing them to the gym for weight lifting, but they're even too hot for that!UPDATE:I really appreciated having these in the winter.  After all of the cold fronts that blew in with rain, or when dew would be stuck to the grass, I could still walk through a field and my feet would stay warm and dry.  Not to mention that the more that I wore them, the more cushy they became.", "Great it is exactly what I ordered.....great product and great price, would order more of these in the future for sure", "This Nike is perfect for cool hikes or mountain biking.Ordered it using 'her' shopping app from my iPhone.Just Do It.", "I'm a taller guy, 6'5&#34; on a good day and I now have 4 of these beauties.  The neck is a little larger than I'd like but the rest of the shirt fits well for my liking.. Sleeve length alllllmost perfect, but enough I can handle. Love the dri-fit T's so this is just another addition to my wardrobe. Cheers", "Comfortable and breathable was very happy with the quality of the product and will definitely make more purchases in the future", "love these shirts. very comfortable! Great to work out in. I would recommend to anyone. I want more, in more colors", "This is the best exercise jersey I have found over time. Comfortable and keeps your arms protected from the sun.", "This is a great fitting shirt that is comfortable and lightweight enough to wear when its hot, and the long sleeves make it good for the cold too.", "Fantastic product, as advertised and the price was really good.  The shipper did a great job getting it to me quickly.", "He said it's light weight very comfortable.  As for me the wash, Can wear right out of dryer and it's looks brand new.  I bought all colors for him.", "My husband really likes this shirt however it swallows him. And the sleeves are long.  Still giving 4 stars because for someone that it fits it would be perfect.", "My son needed a slim fit shirt to wear underneath his baseball jersey and the color needed to be PURPLE!!! We scrambled everywhere trying to find an Under Armour shirt or something similar and just could not find anything purple. Finally I got wise and checked Amazon because they have EVERYTHING and I found this shirt! It came quickly, just in time for his game!! It fits well and was perfect for his needs.", "Runs bigger than normally advertised, however it's a great product. I definitely recommend getting one just make sure it's the right size", "The shirt was really great. The material is thin but sturdy and the color very good. Glad that I bought it.", "As a new runner I wasn't prepared to run in the winter. I reached out to a few runner friends who all recommended this shirt. Its a man's size, but I find it to fit perfectly and keeps my arms VERY warm during my short winter jogs.", "Perfect shirt if you are running outdoors in the winter or late fall.  It fits loose and is very comfortable! I would definitely reccommend this product.", "Awesome like all things Nike.  The only thing is the neck line runs a little loose for my liking.  A thicker seam on the neckline would make this shirt perfect.", "This shirt is great for warming up, light workouts, or running outside/on the treadmill. It fits really well, and is thin so it is very breathable.", "This was nice and the color was perfect.  The only thing I thought to be a little odd, was that the arm pits seemed a bit large????", "The shirt arrived quickly, and his extremely comfortable. I recommend this product for anyone that is interested in being comfortable while working out.", "Everything arrived on time and in good condition.  Great product for working out - exactly what I was hoping for / expected.  Happy with my purchase", "The sneakers came in 2 business days.  They looked great and were packaged well.  I would recommend buying from here, I sure am!", "Great product, the fit is exactly the same as all other Nike shoes I have owned...if you were at 8, buying an 8 in this will be just the same.  The shoe has great cushion and support in the heal.  This shoe runs average in width, often some Nike shoes run narrow, this was not the case with this shoe-which is a medium width.  Colors are medium green/dark green and bright yellow on white.  The picture for this shoe represents the color just perfectly. This is my 2nd pair of Lunarelite Nike shoes-overall a good product.", "It's a nice shirt, q hurts now the problem with astrong Lance got into this whole steroids, better wait and go rid of this.", "This shoe features good support and stability in the forefoot and arch especially. This is something a lot of running shoes are lacking. The weight of the shoe is surprisingly light, but the shoe is well built and well designed.", "I was satisfied that the jacket kept me warm. It is a steal for the price I got for it. Thanks Nike.", "my son looks so handsome in this jacket and it fits him perfectly i will buy more very soon i", "I have 5 of these Principle Dri-Fit sports bras and I am planning to buy a couple more.  I wear them even when I am not working out because they are so comfortable and I stay dry when outside during the summer months. I even wear them during the winter months when I am not at work.", "I don't know why more brands don't make interchangeable cleats/spikes. These are great for older youth players who may be moving from Little League/Cal Ripken in the spring to older leagues such as Babe Ruth in the summer. Or, for players who play in more than one league or occasionally have to play in a tournament that doesn't allow metal spikes. Having interchangeable cleats/spikes is a lot easier than having two pairs of shoes. The color-change insert for the Nike Swoosh is a nice touch, too.In addition, they're good, solid shoes overall. The only downside is that the plastic cleats are a little soft and tend to wear out easily. Obviously, they're replaceable and I was able to find a replacement kit locally, but we went through about a set of plastic cleats per month. The metal spikes hold up just fine, just like regular permanent ones.", "very good shopNike Men's NIKE SHOX AIR HYPERBALLER BASKETBALL SHOES 10 (COOL...fit as expectedthe number just, I like this shoes", "Out of stock but in stock at Nike.comNeed more running shoes that are all weather and very light weight so you just put your bare foot into it.", "my cousin loved it as a gift. H eused it and was very impressed with the product. would probably order another one", "My 8 year old son saved up his own money to purchase these. They look exactly like the picture. Durable, great looking shoes! He loves them.", "Just got these shoes for my grandson. He is 17 years old and he really likes them. They aren't as light as they look in the picture and he said he wished they had better shoes laces but that's something you can always buy. He likes them and they look good.", "The carrier drought to the address all messes i do not know if it was the sender fualt or UPS.. It is a nice pair of shoe.", "Checked out these sneaks in the store and got a better price through Amazon. I had the happiest grandson on earth who loves these sneaks and wears them every day!!!", "This is a comfortable and reasonably priced shoe, gums soles aren't the best as most of us know but the quality is there, a good buy in the casual tennis shoe hybrid category.#recommended.Jeff Sevenswww.animalseed.blogspot.com", "shoes were just as expected...the description and everything was just what I got delivered....highly recommended....very affordable for Jordan shoes...nice...very nice", "These shoes are pretty awesome. Nice sized and comfy considering the Nike line normally runs narrow. A great purchase. Shiny smooth land looks great in the club", "The shoes are comfortable & Stylish. The fabric is great. I don't think they are perfect for the court but i still recommend for training", "I wore this for my flag football season and they were a great buy I couldn't have found a better deal", "These were great cleats for this season of Football.  We had no issues with loosing studs on the bottoms, or woorying about replacement parts.  They all stuck in there perfect.  This is the first pair of cleats in 5 years that we did not have to replace the bottom studs or replace the entire cleat.  By far a great fit for our 15 year old who wears a size 16 and has long narrow feet.  I will definately look for this style and definately stick with the Nike's!", "There isn't a lot to review in my opinion about the sneakers. The one thing I will say is they are true to size. I ordered a size 10.5, and they were a little snug, so I returned them for an 11 and everything was good. They look exactly like the picture and are well made. No issues with the seller at all.", "Soccer cleats were true to size and exactly as pictured. Cleats are new and very sturdy. My friend is very satisfied with this.", "They are great", "The shoes arrived quickly.  They were comfortable and the correct size.  They split at the seams within weeks of wearing them, but Nike was good about refunding the purchase price.", "My son loves these shoes - and his friends' reactions have all been \"cool shoes\"!  The fit was as expected - room to grow (he's 11), and very comfortable.  The dark grey/blue glow is exactly as pictured.  The material seems to be the type that will withstand lots of wear - he'll likley out-grow them before they wear out!  Great shoes!", "Excellent condition, a professional baseball cleat. Will buy it again if given the opportunity! Great color and shoe to play baseball", "I have always wanted these shoes and when i seen the price and shipping i jumped on them, will buy more very soon", "I love the boot but it's a little bit larger than I anticipated.  Most Nike shoes run true to size.  I ordered these a half size larger when I should have stayed with my true size.  A full shoe insert took care of the problem.  I'm satisfied!", "will recommend to anyone who likes Nike products very comfortable durable worth  the money and will buy similar products..from this vendor", "Very comfortable and durable.. The tongue is attached so I was able to wear them in the snow and not get my feet wet.", "Very comfortable and insulated for the winter. Not exactly waterproof but good enough. Pretty well made for everyday use and stands up to mild construction work.", "i bought these for my son!he loves them no complaints from him! he's happy with this purchase!thanks agin.We love to shop on Amazon", "Bought these for my son for Christmas! He is now playing basketball in them! would reorder again... They fit great", "Well made and easy to clean, my son states that they are very comfortable as well.  I would definitely buy again.", "This may be the best looking casual shoes ever that Nike have made. I bought them at a store for 50 bucks on sale and the best decision i have ever made. They go great with any plaid shirt. I just bought them today. But hey go and buy them if you are thinking about buying them. Good luck with your purchase and may all of you guys be happy with them as i am.", "Great pair of shoes, these are the second pair of nikes that I have ordered from amazon and I have to say I am yet to be disappointed. The item arrived as described and is a comfy fit. Shipping was extremely fast and I'm happy with the customer service as well.", "The color says SILVER - it really should say SILVER and PURPLE. I thought they were more of a blueish vs. purple. Still a very comfortable shoe just a bit pricey at $122!", "Great fit! Great color and the seams are really cool giving it a real nice look. Breathes well and very comfortable. I would recommend this shirt to anyone who likes to work and out and look great.", "This Nike Core Fitted 2.0 short sleeve top is perfect. It fits exactly as I want it to. It's tight enough around the upper body but gives a bit around the torso, unlike the compression tees.Also, it's the perfect length. It's not too short, so you can freely put your arms up without having the shirt come up too much. If you have a muscular build or normal build, buy this in your regular shirt size.It's breathable with very fine holes in the back to allow ventilation. The holes are so small, though, that you cannot see through the shirt.I have this in many colors and is my go-to shirt for the gym. Nike needs to keep making these and in more colors.", "After getting this months ago for the Summer, this shirt has proven to be a great product. Nowadays it's my favorite shirt for how it looks, feels, and functions. The shirt's back ventilation and ability to absorb sweat is great for working hard and trying to stay cool. For me it also fits well at 5'9\" 140lbs (I get a Small), with extra length and slack available at the bottom. Overall, it's very comfortable, and not a scratchy synthetic like you might be used to. It's great.", "My son asked for this for Christmas and he put it on to show us the fit.  I thought it was a bit smaller but looked good.  But gotta say, my kid looked &#34;really good&#34; in this shirt!  Wow!", "arrived in great condition the shirt is very comfortable and I can wear it all day without it riding up. good quality no rips or seams breaking. fits nice.", "Very nice", "It is really good, when I wear it, I feel really comfortable and soft, I can wear it anytime, like do sports, take a walk", "Another reviewer made a similar comment about the 2.0 version not being as good as the 1.0 version of this shirt. I would agree. However, the differences are minor and this is a very solid shirt nonetheless:Pros:Fit - I'm a Large across all Nike products. The L version of this shirt fits me well. Snug fit without being too tightFeel - Material is great. Very light. Very breathable. Seems like it's going to be durableCons:Design - Nike added a cheesy &#34;Pro Combat&#34; label to back of this collar. Not a deal breaker for me, but definitely unnecessaryAvailability - Not many colors/sizes from this sellerOverall I'm satisfied. Not the best workout shirt I've ever bought but it'll work for years to come", "I love this shirt. Fits perfectly without being too tight, and is very comfortable. Perfect for the gym or running. I have 2 now and I might buy more.", "perfect fit.its very easy to wash, great for outdoor activities.material is nice and the colour as well..great service", "Nike had a great shirt under the same name available a year ago.  They have since changed the shirt, and (a) the fit is not as comfortable, (b) there is a tacky &#34;combat&#34; emblem on the back of the neck, and (c) the collar is not nice and snug on the neck like in the old design.  Overall Nike took a perfect shirt, and made it less than perfect.", "Everything arrived on time and in good condition.  Great product for working out - exactly what I was hoping for / expected.  Happy with my purchase.  Came in same condition as picture.  Would definitely purchase again.", "I love these sunglasses. Lost mine a while back and never thought I'd find them again as the Nike store (where I originally purchased them) no longer carries them. They are very sturdy and fit snug on my head, which I like. Also stay in place well and look great. Excellent value, too, as you don't have to spend $100+ on a quality set of glasses. Am going to score a second pair as a backup for when I lose my current pair.", "So love these sneakers more in person. They were a gift for my husband and he loves them. Best Christmas gift.I bought him another pair for Fathers Day too!", "My grandson loved his Nikes!!  He said they were the best cleats he'd ever had.  Thanks.  Nike will always be our choice in cleats and other shoes as well!!", "I just picked these up for my daughter at Sports Authority for the same price as Amazon. This is her 3rd pair of cleats, and I'm happy to say these are the first pair with normal length shoelaces. The other pairs I've had to switch out because they were insanely long! These cleats are very comfortable according to a very active 8 year old who practices 3 days a week and plays games 2 days a week. They look great, not too bold, but the pink accent is a nice touch. I'm really glad I purchased these over some of the others. Not a bad price for Nike either!", "First off, this vendor had incredibly fast shipping. I have a hard time finding girls cleats in my daughter's size locally. I ordered these last year and loved them, she grew out of them, so I came on Amazon looking for a second pair. These are great cleats at a great price!", "We are awaiting smaller sizes to be in stock so younger siblings can acquire them!  They will be perfect for the Spring season!!!!", "This was cleat was a gift to my boyfriend for christmas he wears a size 9 in regular shoes he needed a 10.5 so 1.5 size up then his regulat shoes nike cleats come small he loves them firs perfect", "I got an insanely good pair well before the expected delivery. I use them mostly for Ultimate, but they're pretty good for football as well!", "Fits snug, doesn't ride down like my ankle socks tend to always do, and comfortable. Favorite pair yet. Love them!", "these socks are very comfortable, fluffy, soft, excellent quality and durability, fit perfectly to the foot and it is best to not disturb the seams", "comfortable", "These fell so good on... They are made great... anyone who likes their socks to feel good on their feet this is a great item to buy", "Socks are comfortable, keep your feet warm and dry and they stay where they are! I also have the crew and quarter drifit socks and they are all awesome!", "this was a present for my brother who seemed quite pleased with them, so seems it was a good purchase!", "These glasses are very good quality. I would recommend this unit to another.these glasses cover your eyes completely EXCELLENT", "I like difeternt kind of sunglasses cassual and sports, I like nike and adidas and different colors depending wich clothes I am wearing", "great protection for your eyes, wind doesn't get into your eyes, great look, great lenses...also have the sunglasses in black...great product.........", "great jordans for casual people man i really loved it :D fits good :) i would reconmand these for everybody!", "Very nice. I love it too much and recommend friends to buy Nike products. I am planing to buy more Nike products.", "I bought these socks for running and gym usage. At first sight and feel I thought I was not going to like them. That was simply not the case, since buying one pair I have bought several more. I wear a size 14.5 and these babies (xl) fit just right. They are a PITA to get on (they are labeled R L as they are fitted)but once they are on they are great. They keep my feet cool, relatively dry and odor free. All in all I would recommend them for gym and light running  (I prefer compression socks for long distance runs) usage.", "This was a gift for my teenaged son. He loves it and wears it regularly.We are happy with the quality and make... it has lasted well to date.", "Really nice, bout them as a gift for my male friend, he loves them, great gift, and not too expensive.", "Once again this was ordered for my son, a lot of white but then it's not for me to wear. My son is pleased which is most important. he ordered 9.5 which is a half size up to his regular size.", "Let me first say that these shoes are not for everyone and like most products need to be used to be able to give a real review.  The shoes are very light and the lunar foam or whatever the sole is made of is more for people who do not like to feel every curl and part of their run.  For me, this is working great as i've just got back to running and my mechanics are all wrong.  The lightweight and raised sole gives you a bit of lift in your run, which is greatly appreciated.  The shoes are very durable and the insoles come out to make cleaning and washing easy which to me is a plus because i can't run without hitting puddles from sprinklers or getting rained on.  Easy to clean, breathe very well, and are not bad to transition into a gym workout and then back out on the road home from the gym.  Will buy another pair when ready!", "shirt came quickley....I put it away for christmas...and forgot about it...until I got an email asking for feedback...then I couldnt remember where I put it...but I found it....Im very happy with the shirt...and so is my 12 yr old....thanx for asking for feedback!", "My adult son was super excited about receiving these.They were his favorite Christmas gift!Quality is good & very comfortable.", "I own a ton of nikes a d wanted this pair simply for a fashion statement and lightweight quality.  First time ever they don't fit right.  Thought I just needed the good ole break in period bit still not right so wasted my money on these", "These shoes sre the best ever. When you try the zoom rookies on you feel like you can do anything. I would recomend these shoes to anyone who is in to style and people who love shoes period.", "I have read many reviews on this boot, and some of them state that the boot is very good quality and looks great too.  I agree.  Some have stated that they fit snug.  I agree with this too.  They are very comfortable and I have gotten a lot of compliments on their looks.  I will update this with a report on how they handle rough and rocky desert mountain trails and whether or not they give good ankle support when I get them broken in.Update:  Well, I am embarrassed to say that I have not been hiking in these boots, but they have become my favorite casual wear boots.  They are just too darned attractive to scuff up!  They are very comfortable and I still get loads of compliments on how good they look.  Maybe I will buy another pair in black, or gray,or even green for hiking.", "I bought this for my little boy that's on the way he hasn't got to wear it yet but it looks great and fast shipping", "Bought this for my friend who is a huge Mike fan... He luvs it!!! would get again... Start your further b-baller off right...", "Very cute I love that it is the exact same as the mens adult shirt so my baby and her dad could match! Love Love!", "I'm in love with the outfit it is too adorable. Once the baby is here I cannot wait to dress him in something so comfortable looking", "It was a cute outfit for my son to wear it, for his first picture have to buy another ;.", "Great purchase! My husband is a coach and is always going through sunglasses and these are by far his favorite pair.", "I like these shoes a lot. They fit my feet great and I dont get blisters. I can tell a big difference between these and shoes with less cushion.", "Provides a sense of style while providing comfort for your baby! Easy to put on and my son isn't able to kick them off either! LOL", "Standard interior design. The outer texture is great and really gives the wallet some personality. My sports enthusiast loves it.", "I love the furry type shoes, and i love the dunk style. This is the only type of shoes I'd wear in winter. I bought this pair because I was going to the north and needed something warm. They certainly did the job. But you probably should keep in mind that they are not really sneakers. They won't make your long walk or jogging any easier. They sure are stylish though! (shoe laces are kinda short, and too slippery to stay tied)", "My son bought these shoes for a friend and she is really happy with them.They were as described; the colour was good and they were new and flexible.He will consider purchasing again.", "This shirt fits true to size.  The dri-fit material keeps you dry just as it is intended to.  This is very comfortable and stylish too.", "These are great socks & you will not go wrong with these socks. They are comfortable & go with anything you wear.", "These Nikes are excellent shoes and very comfortable and they come highly recommended.  I wear these shoes everyday and they are perfect for everyday wear.", "This is back to the basics, but still stylish.  My husband would live in these clothes, if I let him!!", "the shoes are very beautifulthe size is ok tooand the color is brightd s d s e", "The sneakers are great because the style is one of the nicest that Nike has made and you can see and feel that the quality of this particular  style. Any of the Retro III (3)  have been one of the best till date. Also they seem to be one of the most comfortable sneakers I have worn.", "This shoe is light, comfortable, and well crafted.  I would say that it is better than most asics running shoes up to $100.  Comparable to the new free runners, at a fraction of the price.", "Very comfortable and durable. I always buy nike shoes. They are the ,most comfortable and best fitting shoe for me.", "I got these shoes for my son, he was surprised and very pleased with the good quality and appearance. I would recommend to everyone if a still have them in stock.", "arrived super fast and my son loves these shoes.  super light, fun colors and we have never had any problems with hypervenom line.", "Love love love  them!  Lightest pair of shoes I own.  I am a tennis shoe nut!Only wish I had ordered 1/2 size up so I could put a gel innersole inside. Run a little small.", "Favorite shoe to date. I will come back to purchase this shoe again and again. The best shoe I have worn to date for exercise, running etc.", "Love the colours on these runners, very comfortable and goes with all outfitsalways brightens up my workout sessions and makes me smile", "it doesn't look like original.  price was cheaper in footlocket.  when i saw it i lost my excitement because it doesnt look good", "I love these shoes. I have multiple pairs of Janoski's in different color ways. Once I stumbles across this color way (umber/boulder) I picked up as many as I could. I get compliments on them all the time. They can be dressed up or worn casually. Great pair of shoes.", "Honestly I thought this was black when I ordered it, but this is a great shoe and the color rocks, great soul too the darker brown gum soles seems to be a lot stronger than the light tan. Comfort is typical for a Jordan Brand Shoe, probably going to check out the real black 1 soon", "A friend had asked me to buy this for him as a favor. Going by the fact that every time he runs, he takes a picture with them on, I'm pretty sure he loves them. He was skeptical about the tint working, but no complaints! They work perfectly!", "When I lost my running glasses I was so upset. I am glad I ordered something that would make me forget about my old glasses. Great fit on my face (narrow face) and decent lens. Nothing too fancy, but perfect for a run in sunny Colorado.", "After reading most of this product review, I decided to buy it as I was determined to star running again. The most relevant condition from all the comments was that \"it will never get foggy\" by transpiration and sweat. Well, I got it yesterday and I took then for a spin this morning on my first run. After four laps, really delivered its promise. Besides the great protection, nice glossy looking on the frames and nice adjustment to my face, it was an unmatchable promise fullfilled to me.  If you are thinking on starting your training for running or if you do professionaly, this pair is a must.Enjoy", "Though I got 3 lenses but I didn't, only got the sunglasses but they are very good sunglasses.  They are very comfortable and they do not fog", "i like a lot and the price is good. i recomend this item. i will buy new color glass to change", "Got this at a great price have really enjoy the glasses.  They do not fog up and they help protect my eyes.", "the glasses have a good design, they don't fog up when running  in cold.they are very light and stylish.", "My husband loves these sunglasses so much that we bought another pair for my dad. They fit well, are comfortable & keep the sun out of your eyes. They also look nice on.", "Love the nude and gold colors. Super comfy. My current favorite shoe. I work on my feet all day, and these shoes are just what I needed.", "I purchased these mostly for work (I'm a persona trainer). I wanted a Nike free and found out these were a higher cut and water proof. I've worn them not just for work but also when I'm working out. They have more cushioning than a normal free but still move freely, probably my favorite shoes in a long long time.", "These shoes fit perfectly and they are great for chilly fall weather. They are very stable and comfortable. They fit to size and good ankle support.", "Im not Jordan shoe fan (because I feel they're over priced) but these are perfect with shorts and or jeans.", "Couldn't find these shoes anywhere in the malls, ordered on here and they were a great price and actually received them earlier than the projected date. Brand new, clean, with box and everything", "I strongly like, but don't quite love the shoes. I bought two pairs of nice sneakers on Amazon because I haven't found a pair of sneakers I love in about a decade and thought it was time to make an effort to find something I like. I bought these and some Adidas Superstar II's.These are great shoes. A little clunkier and heavier when walking in them than I expected, but they look good and the quality is obvious. I will say it again... Great shoes.Cons: The Air Force 1 shoes hardly ever change and I could have gotten other very similar models at the outlet malls around me for $10-$20 cheaper. This was easier though and it ships right to my house, and I had a better selection by shopping online, so it is only a small con. You pay for convenience and quality.", "I bought these for my soon to be 14 yr old on May 3rd, 2013 and he loves them. It's his 2nd pair of Jordans that we've ordered online in the past month and all together probably his 10th pair, so we knew what to expect. He hasn't gotten a pair of Jordan's that he hasn't liked or that weren't 100% comfortable. We're so familiar now with the styles that just by looking at them we thought we'd try ordering them online without trying anything on and guessing between a size 10.5 and an 11 and we got the right pair. I initially ordered another pair while my son was at school by mistake, thinking they were the ones he wanted seeing as how we had looked at dozens and he was &#34;positive&#34; that at least 10 different pairs were &#34;the one.&#34; Needless to say I goofed and later that afternoon I sent an email through Amazon to Sole Place, who is the company we bought them from through Amazon, asking if I could cancel that order and I went ahead and ordered the correct pair. They got back to me very promptly saying they had canceled the wrong order and explained the refund to me which worked out easily. Very nice people.I ordered them with the standard shipping as I usually do and the order details said that the shoes were to be shipped out on either Mon the 6th or Tues the 2nd and should arrive between Thurs the 9th and Tues the 14th. All of my many orders in the past have always come on the earliest date mentioned and there was no big rush ayhow so those dates were fine with us. I received a text (I noticed on Fri that you can sign up for texts regarding the tracking of your products!) on Sat saying that they had been shipped so that was a great surprise, and to top that off they showed up Mon afternoon making an unexpecting young man extrememly happy, and when he's happy we're all happy.Overall a great experience, great shoes, competent, efficient, and extremely friendly service by all that were involved.", "I love how good it fits me i like that it can keep me warm and can were this under anything and feel great. This is great for jogging going out when its cold i mean it is FANTASTIC.", "Great for casual wear, as well as playing ball.  These shorts are very versatile and comfortable. They come in a variety of great colors.", "I bought 4 pairs different sizes for my 2 sons for Father's Day ! They loved them they are very nice shorts!", "color and fit are great.  My son wears these for football and the color matches perfect to the teams colors (royal blue).", "I bought these shoes for my grandson.  We went to four stores and he couldn't find anything he liked.  Found these on your website and wanted them.  they are just what he wanted.", "Best sneaker for a very active competitive boy. It is comfortable and my 11 yr old son is very happy.", "My husband LOVED these shoes. I bought them for him for Christmas and he's already wearing them all over! Love em!", "i bought these as a gift and they fit perfectly. he was very happy  and so was i :) great purchace", "Fits as my normal size 11's do. Love these shoes, no defects or marks out of the box. Great shoes.", "Shoe fits stiff at first but after a couple of times worn shoes feels very comfortable on feet great shoe", "I bought to help heel pain, they are great, I am so happy with them. Would buy this item again.", "I'm flat-footed and have trouble finding comfortable running shoes period. This shoe is very comfortable, light, not too snug, has lots of cushioning, supports my arch, and is stylish also. I highly recommend!", "This was one of the best offers i ever took at an online shopping... really great experience!!! i run 5 kms twice in a week thanks to this babies!", "\"Best sunglasses I ever had! Great tint, lightweight, great fit!\"Bough these for my husband and he obviously loves them!", "These glasses are lightweight and great when driving.  You can where them all day and without the bridge of our nose hurting.", "The Nike retro sunglasses are very comfortable and have a nice look. Women loved it!!!!! These pair were the best I had!", "Wow these are REALLY AWESOME! Perfect feel, light weight, perfect shape & look! I thought these might feel like cheap plastic but nope!", "A great pair of old school Nike tennis. Great to walk in and stylist pair of tennis that everyone says looks good.", "I do a lot of walking and I have flat feet, so the sling in the middle of the shoe caught my attention. It really feels comfortable on for long days of walking and it supports my bad arches perfectly. There is a lot of give in the sole so it contours to your foot as well. They are also very stylish and the Nike+ app is pretty cool too. I love love love these shoes!", "I bought them because I wanted to do a 5K and they helped me monitor my progress. They are comfortable too", "My husband is very pleased with the fit and quality of this top.  Our only complaint is that we were not abel to get the matching pants.", "This was a gift . He absolutely love it and everyone liked it too. It looked very sharp on him:)", "No words to describe quality and confort using this Nike Air Jordan 14. It's beautiful, exactly that I was looking for.", "great top and looks very nice and its very warm too. I liked the material it was made from and would buy it again", "Exactly what I was looking for. The sweatshirt is the same color blue and just as bright as the photo. Super soft inside, good quality.", "I bought this Nike sweatshirt as a gift for my cousin. He loved it! True to size and true to color shown.  I actually wanted to buy another one for his brother but the size we needed was out of stock.  Great price! Couldn't beat it! Also got delivered right in time!", "I ordered it Thursday night and received it Saturday morning. It's a lot prettier than I expected it to be, and I'm still getting used to it. I &lt;3 it and wonderful fast shipping. Thank you! :)", "They make a very good statement along with a great cause for the battle against breast cancer. I fully recommend them!", "What a bright color for some shoes but my 16 year old loves these shoes, he wear them a lot.", "Wear these for all of my games this year, they have great tread and the traction is great. The price is also very reasonable.", "The great thing about this shoe is that its sooo light and it has a lot of holes so your foot can breath. Also if you walk outside at twilight or at dark some of the material is reflective. The only thing is that their comfortability is 2 out if 4, that is the only reason why i gave it 4 stars, but otherwise its a great shoe.", "Looking for basketball shoes, these were a good price so I decided to try them out. They are excellent. They offer very good support, and are very comfortable to wear and play in. I would recommend this to friends. The size was also perfect.", "Ordered these for my daughter for her to play basketball this year. This is the first pair that she has gotten that are actually basketball shoes for on the court. She says they are very nice, looks great, and looks forward to using them on the court. They fit perfectly as ordered for her still growing foot. THank you", "Nice shoes for basketball. Delivered as expected, no issues, the shoe is comfortably, the weight is light nice to make some moves on the court. I'm happy with this pair.", "i was looking for a shoe that would be comfortable to walk on cement floors all day and so far this shoe is very comfortable.I would have liked more of an arch .Thats why  i gave a four star. Just like with anything time will tell.", "We've never gone wrong yet buying Nike products for the many sports team participants and constantly growing feet around here!  This pair is no exception.  They are comfortable, a great fit, and provide a lot of cushioning.  Size was just right.", "I bought these bball shoes for my son and he was very pleased and happy with them.  He communicate that they were true to size and very comfortable.", "This Nike hyperdunk basketball shoes are so amazing and I can say this is a great deal. I hope it'll approve my opinion during a time in game. Looking forward", "Best basketball shoes i've had in awhile.  I am very pleased with them and have suggested them to multiple friends", "I have recently had ankle surgery and was looking for months shoes that gave me support, comfortable, light and had a great design. These shoes meet and exceeded every expectation I had. Best shoes I have ever owned. I am actually going to buy another pair so I have them to wear outside (they are that comfortable). I love how light they are and they have had lots of compliments on how they look. Great design!!!!", "Despite my trying to talking him in to getting an old school pair of black basketball shoes, my son went for these bright red shoes.  He loves them and is certainly easy to spot on the court.", "I have extremely sensitive feet and I find that every basketball sneaker I try rips my feet apart. NOT THESE. These are the first sneakers I have played in that fit well, feel comfortable and don't leave me with blisters after 2 hours of playing ball. Just bought my second pair this week. Love them!", "I chose 5 stars because it has never let me down in terms of the way it feels, the way it looks or the protection it has on my ankles. When you lace it fully up, there's a bit tension but when you stretch out in it, it protects your ankles a bit better than normal lacing and feel betters when running at basketball practice whether it be the circuit or on the court itself.I truly deserved the 5 stars because I've worn this through a whole season and I can say, every aspect of it is great. It's even easy to get mud stains out of it and has shown no signs of wear/tear. You would have to be running on rocks or over fire for these things to start to get beat up, in my opinion.", "Bought for Granddaughter and she absolutely loves them. Says they are very lightweight and comfortable right out of the box.", "these shoes are wonderful, They are the best shoes I've used. they are beautiful and very comfortable. definitely one of the best currently", "These shoes fit perfectly and are so comfortable the first time I put them on. And that's very rare for me as far as basketball shoes goes. Mostly of them are uncomfortable and take a long time to break in. The design and colors are amazing, they look even better than the pictures!!!  I wore them last night and the ladies love it and couldn't stop looking at them. The material is really high quality stuff, extremely easy to clean. I had some dust and spilled liquid on it, and wiped it right off with a napkin. The shoes hold my feet and adjust to my movements very well. I wore it to go dancing and popped out some moves I didn't even know I had lol Can't wait to wear it on the court today and play some hoopsl!!!", "My son was very surprised as well as my self...i was extremely happy the sneakers were in perfect condition. I know for the future I'll get items from you soon", "These were a gift for my nephew. He doesn't like the sole on the 2013 hyperdunks, so when I found these on Amazon I showed them to him and he liked them. When they arrived, they were just as expected & just as they look in the photo. Thr fit is perfect. He loves these shoes!", "This is a real good shoe. They are an amazing deal. It is high quality and looks great. Good nike's.", "I am happy with purchasing this basketball shoe .  It is a good looking , super light with made of excellent material also . Thank you very much !", "The socks are great socks to wear with shoes and great socks to wear around the house.  These socks fit like goods socks should.", "These are snug fit and high quality.  I like them. I would recommend them to anyone inthe market for some new no show socks.", "For how long they lasted me (about a year and a half) they were great i started growing out of them fairly quickly but they went through snow mud and lots of basketball I would recommend these for anyone", "great shoe", "I'm really particular when it comes to bball shoes, and I was pleasantly surprised how well they felt after wearing them for the first time.All in all, these are great shoes!Thanks for the quick shipping. Much appreciated.", "My teenage son really likes these and he is very picky about his shoes. The color and quality are great.", "Great design, great ankle support and amazingly light. I even bought two in different colors. Very precise sizing according to US standards.I am 38 and have played basketball for the past 25 years. In that time, I have tried all type of shoes and these may be easily in the Top 3.", "I bought these as a Christmas present for my 14 year old son.  I don't like to buy shoes online because I'm afraid they won't fit, but in this case they were perfect.  I could not find his size in any of the stores locally.  He was very happy with his present!", "broke-in easily.  The colors are great, interested to see how long they last.  I play at least once a week and have been going through Nikes fairly quickly...if they don't last I might have to try a new brand.", "Amazing shoes perfect fit but expensive. I would buy another pair but it's hard to afford them. So i would recommend this shoe for anyone that has the money to afford nice shoes.", "Best basketball shoes I've ever played in! Comfortable like crazy! These shoes look great when the rest of the team has got a pair too!", "I got these for my grandson and he absolutely loves them.  He thinks he even plays better basketball when he wears these.", "This shoes are really nice . Definately . But they hurt your pinkie toe because of the plastic on the outside but other than that  =)", "these sneakers have great traction, are lite weight but cause pain on the higher part of the ankle when you tie them.", "My high school student loves these shoes and I loved the price.  They seem to be well made and he has been wearing them a lot.", "Nike the best brant for sport. This shoes are comfortable in the court. No bad!!For Tennis this is the one", "Looks good.  Fits great.  Feels wonderful.All in all a great shoe.  My daughter for whom I bought this is very happy.", "I already had a pair so when it was time for a new pair I chose this style again. Great product", "My shoes fit as expected. Are very comfortable and I would like to recommend to my friend thank very much", "After I broke my foot the memory foam sockliner was like walking on a cloud. I love this shoe and would buy them in every color in my size.", "i love these shoes, they are very lightweight, and have a comfortable gel inside. they are great! i would buy them again.", "Comfort is #1 very lightweight and great tread, too. Nice look and designed well,  good all around sturdy build. Would buy again", "I love these shoes.  I now have four pair in different colors.  Very supportive as well as very comfortable. Even casual walking is fun.  Great shoes.  The best I have ever bought.", "These shoes are unbelievable comfortable. I am a huge nike fan owning for than thirty pairs of shoes and these have quickly become my favorite. The colors are awesome as well.", "These shoes came very quick and they are comfortable. If you are used to the regular Nike free, then I must tell you that these toggle ones do not have the same arch support which I thought would cause me problems but haven't so far. I have worked out in them and ran some but haven't done any long distance running in them yet. The yellow shoe strings are VERY bright so if you are not into that this shoe is not for you..... I am very pleased with my purchase and it was a great buy!", "LOVE them! comfort, light and excellent for long workouts in the gym or the outside.  Color is awesome, a must have!", "These are the most comfortable runners. I am a nurse and work 12 hour shifts. My feet used to hurt by 3 pm. But ever since I have started wearing these I don't have the pain at end of shift.  I have 2 pairs, one for work one for working out! LOVE THEM!!", "Very comfortable, but they tear around the top.  I continued to wear and then a hole in toe.  Would buy again, but not at the price.", "I've had these shoes three months and I have two holes on the tops of them already. (Tears) I am a runner and they were great month one... That was it.  Looking into buying Brooks now.", "I bought this shoes, so I can have a comfortable run, but they were burning my feet in the gym, cannot imagine what would happen outside on the hot weather. My feet hurt after I run wearing them. Returning immediately, will never wear them again.", "I am a massage therapist and on my feet more than 8 hrs a day, 5 days a week. I have also had foot surgery. This shoe is the most wonderful design with the memory foam I don't even think about my feet all day long. I have two pair and am now looking for a third pair. They are light weight, easy to care for and I find myself wearing them on my day off too. Thank you for this brilliant design.", "Loved these shoes until I had them for 3 weeks and I noticed tears on both of the top corners of my shoes. So irritating to pay good money and get 3 weeks of use out of them. Will not buy again!", "These shoes are all around great! The colors were exactly what I expected and they are also great running shoes!", "The shoes are a perfect fit and I love wearing them; the color is zippy and the shoe very comfortable..", "Runs a little big ........ But .....this shoe is ABSOLUTELY COMFORTABLE SHOE !!!!!! LUV IT!!!!! Great for walking , running , working out , and vacation!!!!!", "True to size. Very comfortable for my wider foot. Not a ton of support for wearing for very long periods of time. Would recommend.", "Love these sneakers!  True to size and pretty comfortable.  I'm used to sneakers with a little more sole strength, but other than that love them and the colors are great!", "Fit well and true to size, cute, trendy, nice color without being neon flashy, and &uuml;ber comfy.  Wear to step and circuit, plyometrics, weights, and running. Winners!", "This is the third pair of this style that I have purchase (different colours) They are so comfortable and look great as wellEveryone always comments of these nike's", "100% satisfied", "This was a great gift for my husband.  I sent them to him during his deployment and they fit him perfectly.", "these shoes are wonderfully comfortable for me being on my feet for 8 to 11 hours a day love that ,but the problem is that they fit tight at the front of the toes area i guess being a D size in width,  it took a week or more of stretching with a shoe tree break them in", "I love this shoe...I wish I could find the same shoe in all white.  Its my favorite pair of shoes when working as a freelance photographer, light weight and most comfortable.", "Love this shoe this is my second pair!!! I wish they continued to make this shoe! The most comfortable shoe to referee in!", "Like all Nike Airmax before them, these stand up to the name! Super sharp look and perfect for the Dolphins fan that wants to represent their hometeam. I can't comment on the actual performance, as these kicks are to be worn on Sundays between the months of Aug - Dec (possibly deeper if we make the playoffs). If you're a sneaker head you'll love them, and If your a Miami sneaker head, you'll want to marry them.", "My son goes through shoes and this pair is holding up well.  He is happy with the fit and says they are very comfortable.", "I bought this as a gift for my Nephew!  He loves them.  As of this writing he has been wearing them for about 6 months and they are holding up very well.  I was surprised how nice they looked when we got them, I was uncertain when I saw them online but they are a really good looking shoe!", "I bought this shoe for my grandson, he loves Nike and won't settle for any other sneaker.  I bought 4 different styles and colors, but this one, he loves the best.  He says its very comfortable, easy to clean and the price was just right!", "super", "Look great, but I wear an 11 and these feel like 10.  I literally need another full size.  Learned my lesson on ordering shoes online.", "Great quality.  This is a Christmas gift for my son.  He loves Nike and the this is his school color.", "The hoodie was nice, but the sleeves were shorter than i expected them to be.  other than that, good quality.", "The first month of wearing these the seems on the front started to loose and fray, i thought that they were done for. I gave them another month at max. Here am a year later. I run, jump, skip, skid, and work them to the bone every day and they're still holding in great. I just recently had to replace the insoles but other then that I'm very impressed. Especially seeing how i paid under $100 for them.", "My son loves them. He says they are very light and feel great on his feet. He also liked the color I picked", "My husband loves these shoes so much he asked me to purchase 3 pair for him.  Needless to say, he has a good supply as backup for when the first pair wears out.  :)", "Bought this as a gift for my son.  The shoe is a good fit and he really like it!!! Glad we were able to beat the rush at the store on Black Friday and buy this on-line.", "I walk to stay in shape and these are perfect.  We have uneven sidewalks so extra padding is needed or your feet/legs are sore in spots.  Problem solved!", "very good, it was just I wanted. How do you rate this product. How do you rate this product very", "This nike sneaker is very comfy, you will forget you are wearing anything! it is worth the price for me.", "I love Nikes . They always fit perfectly and these are no exception. It's like putting your foot into a comfortable glove that gives your foot comfort and support. I only wish that this style was still being made- I'd buy every color. I don't know how Nike does it, but they know how to support the human foot better than any other sports shoe manufacturer, and I've tried nearly all of them. Yey, Nike!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", "...and don't go higher than a women's 10. Otherwise, they would be perfect. Lightweight and the perfect width if your feet are a bit narrow. Go up half a size if you can.", "I got this color for my niece and she loved them.  I have 2 pairs, in black and royal blue, and they are comfortable.  Much like all shoes from the Nike Free series though, they run small, so you'll have to go one full size up.  They're good for the gym or just everyday running errands, etc.  Fashionable.", "Love these shoes but run about a half size to a full size too small.  Great color, feels like house shoes they are so comfy.", "Comfortable and cute, as expected. If you're on your feet for a while I would suggest Dr. Scholls inserts because it's rare to find shoes that are are very cushiony.", "I bought these shoes to wear on my vacation to Europe. They are very comfortable and I wore them to walk around in all day. Not only are they comfortable, they're also super fun and sleek looking.", "I LOVE these!! So comfy and are really great for a cardio work-out. I took the advice of many reviewers, I usually wear a 6.5 but bought a 7 and they fit like a glove! They are tight enough that you feel sturdy but don't cut off your circulation. They look very unique and make running a comfortable experience. Definitely recommend.", "I could have went with the 5.5;but I don't mind wearing a bit heavier sock!! Fast shipping!! Awesome product!! love them!", "This is my second pair well is really confy  for walkand special for run is great is the firts time I haveperfect confort in tennis shoes is that much I buy two differentcolors I use size 7 but this shoes is little small and I buy7.5 and fit me perfect in every sense if you buy one for sure comeback for more and have great price too", "No problem with this shoe. The product look as shown in the picture. Quality is nice just like Nike. I received on time and I started to wear them right away.", "I bought these for Nursing school, they met the criteria and my particular choice in style. these are great shoes, comfortable, and easy to keep clean. what more could i ask for", "The fit is perfect. They look sleek when on. Comfortable. I feel I made a great choice for my first pair of shox.", "I love my shoes, they are very comfortable, you feel very secure when you are walking with them, they are not heavy and your feet does not suffer at all.", "were tight for the first month i wore them.  my feet would even fall asleep haha but was glad i didn't send them back because once they stretched out they fit perfect", "I love these I now have 3 pairs great for walking and shopping I have heel spurs and they are very supportive", "i have received so many complements on my shoes. They arrived qucik, the fit is a little big. I generally wear an 11 in women but I order a 10.5 and they fit perfect. I really love the fuschia, its so pretty. I would recommend these shoes.", "This is the best shoe that i have ever bought. I have always battled with shin splits, sore legs during my cardio workouts, runs etc.This shoe has an amazing sole, great shock absorbing quality, and my knees don't hurt any more.It allows me to work out to my optimum, without any leg, knee, joint pain.Amazing product, ne4ver been happier.", "Have been looking for a great NIKE SHOCK shoe for a while.One without alot of splashy color but just enough. Love these!Great for anyone with shin pain or knee pain issues. I wear them daily 8-10 hours on concrete flooring and have no complaints!", "These shoes are awesome! My wife couldn't be happier with the purchase! The shoes fit as expected and the quality is great.", "Love Nike sneakers!As always they fit great, and this color is awesome!Fun shoe to wear with jeans or shorts.", "If you are simply looking for comfort, this is the shoe for you.  However, if it is support  that you want I would advise against this shoe.  I wanted a shoe that would support my achy old feet.  They are comfortable and attractive for what they are..", "Couldn't ask for better flip flops! Comfortable and nice fit make for an outstanding combination. This is my second pair", "These are my second pair.  I will wear them out and then I will most likely buy some more.  Great!", "I love this slipper. It's the second one that I've purchased. The last one lasted me 2 years. And it is so comfortable.", "I didn't know how comfortable these would be for my boyfriend, but he loves them!  Fit great and look great", "Finally got my husband a pair of his own! He was always wearing mine (as do my grandaughter and grandson). Why? Because this is simply the most comfortable and practical (water proof) sandal there is. Not to mention durable. I still have my first pair which actually has the best arch support of the bunch (I have 5 pair). My husband kept saying 'Just give them to me!' but no way. They are  about 15 years old and have seen a lot of the country including Hawaii. So now my husband has his own and he loves them.", "great pair of flip flops, comfortable on the feet with a good arch support, the don't hurt the toes by falling off the edge of shoe.", "I have bought many flip-flops and none have felt as comfortable and actually stayed on my feet as well as this one. I am very pleased with this purchase although it was a little pricey", "This my third pair of Nike's, they are so comfortable. I wear these daily and they are great with all day comfort!", "arrived on time, great purchase and good quality, totally recommend it to any one, it was a quick gift purchase and i am happy with my decision =)", "These NIKE flip flops arrived faster than I thought, they look great and feel good. The only thing I did not like was when you put them on out of the pool, my foot slips off them.Really good when your feet are dry.", "Nice fit very comfortable and will like more options with designs and sizes.will recommendthis item to any one who desires comfort", "These flip flops fit me nice, the strap is very comfortable and does not pinch my toe. I really like these for the pool and shower.", "My husband loves these sandals and we've been looking for a replacement pair in brown for a couple years. Glad to have found them here.", "These slippers are wonderful. I also bought the brown one. They feel so comfortable..also very durable..will last at least 1 year", "The product fulfills the expectations of comfort and attractive for his use. Neither have seen them in selling sites Nike. Good buy without a doubt.", "This are great. They are easy to walk in and a very comfortable. As you wear them, they will conform to your foot's shape.", "great fit, great for around by the pool would not wear out for all day waling around, but for around the pool there great", "These are my very first pair of flip flops. I haven't bought a pair before because I didn't find them comfortable, but these ones are amazing. I've been using them for a couple of weeks and I'm satisfied. They fit well and I like the way while wearing still close to my feet. I was worried about the hurt around the thumb that it feels while wearing flip flops but with these ones there's no harm. The only thing that I didn't like is that are a little bit narrower than I was expecting.Excellent flip flops overall.", "Thank you very much. I love the  sandles  I plan to order more . Do you have other colors ?", "I had a pair of these a few years ago and it lasted for 3 years - very happy with the quality and feel of these shoes. Only downside is that they are not very wide and on the longer side.", "Great fit, as elegant as it seems. Basketball-wise, not light, but great ankle protection. I'm really happy because is a good shoe for a good price.", "This shoe fit about right and the comfort are amazing i can stand all day long and does not hurt me feet at all. The company brand name shoe especially from NIKE amazing deal too as well and thanks for everything", "Is just that my husband wants, very confortable and pretty. look good! he love it! and he can run with them without bothering in his knees.", "Lookout for these on my feet at PNC Park. Clean and comfortable. I saw them on here, one pair left - my size. It was a no brainer. GO BUCS!", "Absolutely love this shoes. I had been looking for these shoes for some time, and was very glad to find them on Amazon. The price and the fast delivery were added benefits. True to the description! Very light shoes! Highly recommend it.", "Was a perfect fit and feels comfortable received in a blink of time ..the texture is unique with the color", "Just the best and most comfy sneak I have had in a while.deivery came a day ahead of time :)Love them.And look great!", "The shoes really fits well - true size.Design is really nice..The only thing that i dont like is the right shoe have wringkle.Maybe because  of the stock availability.", "but it isn't. The shoes fits perfectly, but I didn't get the comfort that I was looking for. I guess this is the drawback for ordering it online rather than finding it in a store so you can fit it.", "They are good and comfortable they recommend.Nike Elite Mens Running Shoes 311082-037 Medium Grey 9 M US .Very good.Fit as expected", "I love these shoes! They're very comfortable and look great, I've gotten many compliments on them. If you like the look of chucks you'll love these, they have the same style but with better support and cushioning. I have a job that require me to be standing and moving about for 8 to 9 hours at a time and by the end of the day in chucks my feet would be cramping and my back would be killing me. But with these I felt fine by the end, with some insoles they would probably be even better. I don't love the look of these with shorts, but they look great with pants. It's hard to recommend shoes because everyone has different feet length and width, but I have size 11.5 feet that are pretty wide and these fit perfectly", "Everything good. New condition, size fit, quality good. Very happy when i received. Its looks very nice. Exactly same like photo show.", "Pleased with my kingman boots arriving, boots are so light weight that I didn't t think it was them, very pleased! Fit, look good and got what I paid for! Thx", "This shoe looks to be made well and has a nice, simple design. Nike is good quality too!Good value", "i like these shoes, comforntble to walk in, best thing is that they were shipped on time. like any other nike shoes this is whats up", "Good Quality fast shipping, I wasn't able to get the right size for me, but I gave them to my brother, but good price and quality so far", "Its a Very nice Boot, So far i have not slipped when playing, I have used it both on Artificial and Natural Fields, its been good and also very light", "The Sleek design, the color, and the cleats are awesome, they have great grip on firm ground, definitely recommend these shoes.", "I bought 2 pairs of this slippers because it's light, soft, and elegant to look at.  This is somewhat pricey but with the materials and the brand, I think its worth the tag.", "I recommend this boots to anyone that need them for wotk. They r every comfortable and they look every nice. I have had many boots but these r by far the best boot I ever bought.", "Fine, good time and price. I buy a great gift to my daugther, she say, is very soft and can play fine.", "The product arrived in the estimated time. I am very happy with my product. Very good! I recommend to everyone.", "I love this new style I wanted to get it long time ago but I couldn't I finally had the chance  and I didn't hesitate one bit when I saw the sale..I receive the package on time moreover it's well packaged , I love my new Nike Mercurial cany wait to try it totally worth the price!!!", "I love this boot...excellent fit comfortable table...however, I got blisters on the back of heel, so I couldn't give it 5 *", "These boots are perfect, lightweight and very comfortable, the only difference between these and the top level 'Legends' is that the 'Flight' use Calf not Kangaroo leather and are therefore at least $40 cheaper than the Legends.They arrive in great condition and delivery was prompt and the ordering process easy.A bargain for the new season.", "They are rich in color and comfort.Everyone has to do with them.I'm happy I got them because I can use on different ocasiuons.", "Found the, shoes needed asap they were found, shipped and received within a week.  Thank you amazon.  My son loved them, said, &#34;These Cleats are Sexy&#34;.  How can Soccer Cleats be Sexy???", "Were the shoes my brother was waiting for. The size was correct. Fit as we expected. I think he loved them", "Looked everywhere for a leather cleat that was reasonably priced (and didn't have 8 different colors like they were made for a 12 y.o.).  Just the right combo of what I was looking for and true to size too.  I'm normally a 10.5 but these 11s are perfect because I wear ankle braces.", "The Nike CTR360 Libretto III Astro Turf Football Boots is good for me ,is nice .Synthetic Leather Upper - Upper material which is lightweight and comfortable which helps enhancing performance and fit.Die-Cut EVA Sockliner midsole - For cushioning and reduced stud pressure.Lightweight TPU Outsole - Built for enhanced durability and underfoot comfort.Control Pads - Built for enhanced ball touch making you sharper than your opponents.Asymmetrical loop lacing - Provides a bigger striking zone so you get better ball contact. Adding both accuracy and precision to your kicking.", "Great shoe, fits right out of the box. Comments about color very good. People like the shoe when they see it.", "These indoor shoes are seriously so cool. The bottom has an American flag type pattern that's too cool. Overall, the most stylish indoor shoes I've owned. Highly recommended", "Well, first of all, I am a HUGE Nike fan. This shoe met my expectations of the brand. It is very comfortable and neat. I am already considering getting a similar pair. :)", "So I ordered these sneakers for my hubby to match his Soccer Apparel.He loved the SNEAKERS, however they hurt his feet!! Very uncomfortable.So unfortunately my hubby doesn't wear them too much.But they did arrive Quickly!!!Amazon always Delivers. Love them!!Thank you ( And to the VENDORS) Thank you!!!", "Excellent", "These are great looking shoes and well worth the money.  My friends all comment on them and my brothers are jealous.", "these are one of the most comfortable shoes i have ever gotten. and look great, love the colours and design, so stocked with them", "The shoes fit as expected. Great shoes. They arent 6.0s but still look great. Worth every cent. But I want to order another pair.", "Claims he gets alot of head turns from the opposit sex. If you get the picture. Great shoe at a great price.", "My son was thrilled with these Nikes. The size and fit were perfect. A very sharp looking pair sneakers. Good job.", "The sneaker is a dream ! Very f&#8230; awesome  !Erick Koston's sneaker ROCKS !!!Thanks a lot and&#8230; see you soon", "Good quality.  They look great.  Met all my son expectations. He was very pleased and wears them all the time.", "These were exactly what I was expecting. They actually shipped overnight (instead of 2 day) and came at a great price!", "I really liked the product, its just like the picture, i got it on time with free return if i want to, you should most definitely buy from this seller.", "I bought these shoes for my 17 year old son.  His favorite color is red, and he LOVES these shoes!  They look great, and are very comfortable.  Big hit!", "These shoes were for my grandson as a gift and he loved the shoes. Nice to see his big smile.", "NIKE AIR JORDAN 11 RETRO MENS 378037-107I love these jordans and so did my two year old son , they are very comfortable yet very stylish as well ...I would personally suggest these shoes to any and everyone ...", "Perfect for Florida weather! I can wear it working out, beach, whenever, easy to clean. And the color is so original. I get so many compliments. Wish they made more.", "Loved the color and how well the shirt fit.  It is streamed lined and is an easy fit to wear.", "My son picked these out for his birthday and was very excited about them.  Unfortunately, after less than a month, the right heel deflated.  Disappointing.Amazon however handled the exchange smoothly and we are trying again.  Really a very nice looking shoe and my son reports they are very comfortable with good supporthe does run in them.", "Great sneaker, great fit, received many compliments. Just wore these sneakers, yesterday, and had several of my students and colleagues ask me where I got them.", "These sneaker are one of the most comfortable sneakers I have every brought. I would highly recommend them. The color is great also cant go wrong.", "Very satisfied product arrived in perfect condition my husband was happy and that's all that matters.  I would definitely recommend this seller to future customers and would purchase items from them again.  The item arrived just as expected lived up to its expectations and I was very impressed  Everywhere we go people love his shoes!!! I have good taste it was a present", "Perfect for whatever you get into. Run, walk, train, travel, camp, boat, drive, stunt, cruise, barhop, date, marathon, walkathon, pre or post court shoe", "They feel light on my feet.  Comfortable, these shoes can last me.  Updates will come, I just got them in yesterday, I ran for a bit with out no problem's.", "Exactly what I was respecting for them to be,  very comfortable,  and very easy on your feet when running.. I will definitely recommende them", "My 3rd pair of Air Max 360's and I've loved them all, though I think these are my favorite.  I put them on, then ran and biked in them that first day with no discomfort, or breaking in neccessary. I'm primarily going to use them as indoor treadmill and workout shoes, and am tempted to buy another pair for biking and outdoors!", "GREAT COLOR CONFORTABLELOVE THEMFAST SHIPTHEY GOT THERE 2 DAYS BEFORE I GOT OTHER SHOES 3 DAYS AFTER AND ORDER THEM THE SAME DAYNOT 5 STARS BECAUSE THEY A BIT TOO SMAL AND I DONT HACVE TIME TO CHANGE THEM N", "Love these shoes!  Bright white and lime green create the perfect combination....great foot and arch support and aesthetically perfect for me.  Go Nike!", "I still can't understand why my wife would spend $150 on Nike shoes.They look nice, though... but I can get 3 nice pairs for me with that money.", "Bought for my wife as a Christmas present. Very pleased she was upon opening her gift. I was pleased with the price! Will definitely order again in the future!", "I cut hair at Sport Clips for a living and am on my feet 40 hrs a week... These are the best shoes Ever!! I have bought a ton of Nike shox and used to love them till I tried these. Amazing!!! Will def buy again", "Is a great pair of shoes!!! I'm ashamed to say how many pairs of Nike Air Max I own, but believe me, these shoes are well worth the money. And then, to find them on sale rocks!!! I love these lime green Nikes!!!!", "I absolutely love these! Thankfully I have another pair of the 2012s & ordered a half size smaller than I usually wear & could have possibly gone smaller. Great color! Love the 2012s!", "Bought for grand-daughter & she says the fit & look of them are great.Thanks, & have a blessed day", "I bought these shoes for my son and he absolutely loves them. I am usually opposed to buying shoes that you cant try on but these worked out perfect!", "Unfortunately the size got big in my son's feet, but the product is really nice and an excellent quality.I will buy a smaller one.", "Excellent price on air max  I really wanted black and red but these are black with bright orange stripe.  I still love them", "Came on time and my girlfriend.loves it she uses it to workout now and says very comfortable. Did replace the shoe lace to match more", "Best pair of shoes I have purchased for my daughter in years!!  Very glad I went to Amazon on this one!", "i really love this shoe they are so comfortable to wear all day i have three pairs in total it would keep buying them", "The shoe are really cute the color is nice and bright and any little girl will love them.  My granddaughter did. Great price.", "Thats good shoes i dnot have any complaints I be happy whit this product tks for the summit ok bye", "NO PROBLEM WITH DE SHIPMENT IT ARRIVED WITHOUT DELAY FOR HIS BIRTHDAYALL THE ITEMS FOR THE SHIPMENT WHERE VERY FAST AND EASY", "My 11 year old soccer fanatic bought these with his own money, and he's so happy with his purchase!! They are better looking in person, were a great deal, and are excellent quality (as usual with Nike, in our experiences!)!  They came WAY ahead of schedule, and I would recommend this product and seller to anyone!", "I was sorely in need of some new compression shorts for running, and these were exactly what I was hoping for.  These replaced a nearly 10-year old pair of Nike Pro compression shorts in a different color.  They fit great, are extremely comfortable, and hope to keep them for many years and miles to come.  Looking forward to picking up another pair at some point soon.", "This is my second pair because I wanted a new pair for my marathon coming up in 2 months. Great support for my foot and they look awesome. I get alot of compliments on this pair and the orange.", "I love these shoes, they came when they said and they have a lot of padding. Feels like I am running on gummy bears! They are lightweight and fit perfect.", "all i wear is Nike shoes and believe me, i own many pairs of nikes and these are by far the most comfortable pair EVER!", "These shoes are pretty good.  They're soft and great on the knees for running.  I'm not a superior runner by any means, but I run about 8-12 miles per week and run 2 miles in just under 14 minutes.  Overall good running shoe.", "This is by far the best running shoe I have ever worn. Extremely lightweight and really feels great on impact.", "Love, love, love these running shoes!  Great pocket under the insole for the nike+ bit, not much effort to get this broke in, they are just plain comfortable for evening 5K runs.", "I took years away from Nike and ran Asics. Now that Asics has moved into bright graphics, I had to reconsider my position on Nike (or Adidas). Based on these customer reviews, I bought this shoe and ran it. It was perfect on the first run & I expect to run the LunarGlide+ 4(5,6,7..) line for a long time!", "It is first time for me to use Nike product and I am very impressed by the extreme comfort and beautiful appearance. I recommend it for any athlete who is in need for excellent running shoes with marvelous comfort .", "The red pair ... my only gripe about the red pair is that they seem to get dirtier faster than the other colors - but still they fit great and I love LunarGlides!!!", "Good and Confortable. No problems with the Nike Lunarglide+ 4. It`s a good choice for amateur runners. Lunarlon is good.", "I read the reviews before purchasing and they were very helpful. So I was able to get the correct size for me (they run a size smaller than normal) and they feel great. I highly recommend them.", "The fit in just I expected them too. It is easier to get around Nike sizes if you already own a pair. The colors look perfect, exactly like in the picture which is what I wanted. They're very comfortable and as soon as I put them on I felt like running outside (too bad it was snowing). Definitely one of the best pairs I've ever owned.", "These are my son's favorite sneaks. He can wear his ankle brace with this shoe without any problems. He thought the red would be really bright, but it's not.", "This shoe was a great surprise...looks great, feels great...after a long stint of wearing only Adidas products, this is a shoe that could bring me back to Nike.", "I've always liked Nike running shoes, but these particularly stand out to me. I have medium to wide sized feet, so if your feet are on the wider side, you'll probably enjoy these. In terms of width, they are similar to Air Max 90s, but have much softer cushioning.", "the product was as described and fits great. Comfy and this is the second pair I got.  I hope this help", "Good morning, I meet through this medium to inform you that is not satisfied with the product, because the third time you use them for running, is the sole began to take off, and I had to take to repair. suggest you have a better quality control of your goods. thank you very much", "An excellent shoe for running on unimproved roads and or dirt road.  Not as form fitting as the &#34;Free&#34; but has a place to fill my needs.", "Great, soft, comfy...great Buy. Recommend it and bought another pair i a different color...Go ahead an buy this shoes!! You wont regret it", "This shoe is light, well constructed and fits perfectly. I will definitely look for the same shoe in other colors.", "excellent shoes, lightweight, flexible very comfortable, fashionable colors, excellent brand, highly recommend,. the seller is very reliable, safe, the office is very fast, I'm very happy with my purchase.", "Great shoe. I vowed never to buy Nike, but these are light, cushy, supportive -- and perfect for my runs. (Please tell me kids were not forced into child labor to make these in some sweat shop in Malaysia. If they were made in the USA, I'd give it 5 stars)", "in order to reduce weight they removed an incredible amount of the lunarlon foam and also its stability. support is weak and I can feel myself overpronate a great deal! the fit is glove like but all and all feels and runs like a racing flat. I switch to the lunarglide 3 after years of beign an asics fanatic and decided to try the nxt model the 4s. if they can somehow combine the outsole and cushioning of the 3s and the upper of the 4s and 5s they would make a perfect stability high milage trainer, instead bith the 4s and 5s are a bust!", "I get so many compliments on these shoes! Very highly visible! I am not a runner nor do I use them for sports. They match the safety vests we have to wear at work. Very comfortable!", "Nice running shoes. Super light and perfect for my step. Regarding to the durability, looks will not reach 400Km, but it is to soon to confirm.", "The new Nike was as always received on time, Amazon have proved through the years to be quite accurate in the delivery schedules they give. The new nike is what I ordered exactly, fits perfect an excellent quality running shoe this is my forth LunarGlide Nike. Since I got my first one I have not liked using anything else.", "the shoe is also perfect for running and the colors are amazing, I am satisfied with the purchase. thank you very much", "very light weight, comfortable and amazing looking shoes. I use it for everyday commute and not for running. I totally recommend anyone looking for great shoes.", "My son got these for Christmas and really loves them.  He is an avid runner and loves bright shoes to run.", "These are the lightest, most comfortable running/sport sneaker Nike or anyone else has ever provided. Good looking and functional. Never want to take them off!", "Perfect fit, and the item was exactly as I expected it to be...I just love my new Nike Lunarglide shoes.", "Just a good show. Right size, light, and very comfortable. I always like Nike shoes with bright coloring on the soles.", "One day my grandson called me up and said, &#34;Grandma, could you please buy me these Nike shoes on A.....n's website&#34; and of course I agreed, after all, he is my grandson and where he wanted me to order them from is the best place to order them from. Buy them, you will love them too!", "These pair fitted snug around he mid-sole and a bit wide around the toes regions. This gave way for my toes to relax and breathe on those demanding runs with the military. Have an amazing arch support for my somewhat falling arches and the heel are comforting. I have demanding knees from being a Sky Soldier and riding sport bikes. This is one shoe that makes my knees not hurt when I wear them. They keep my foot in the right position so no pronating feet or the other way. They really are an awesome sneaker and for color I had to choose red for the Tide. Due to my low arches, I was changing out the soles for Super feet blues. Discovered that there is a pocket in the sole to store a Nike+ stand alone sensor to monitor and track your activities, wonderful shoe over all.", "Excellent product and great quality.  As always you can count on Nike for sturdiness.  I would definitely recommend this product", "They are awesome for running on the streets. pretty confotable and fit just as expected. I would buy them again if i had to.I will be posting again any time soon IF something wrong happen to them.", "These shoes provide me with the best support and cushioning of all of the Nike running shoes I have owned.", "i have no complains about it. i love my new shoes. the delivery was on time, the product quality is great. the package was the right size.i recomend 100% this product.", "Ok, let's get the annoyance out of the way.  Everyone complains about the difference of the tongue on this shoe.  I have to say that I don't notice it one bit and do enjoy the soft and well cushioned tongue on this shoe over the light weight one that annoys my foot in my LunarMtrl racer.  It's a different shoe, so expect it to wear and feel different.I bought an 11 in the LunarMtrl but in this one I bought a 10 1/2 because I felt I needed to start moving to that exact fit.  Not going to grow anymore, I don't think!  The feel is great, the insoles come out and make it easy to wash down the road.  I've logged about 45 miles since I got this shoe and it's holding up well and you can tell the difference in support and also light weight feel too.  The shoe really does grip your foot, and the tread on the shoe makes it really easy to adjust your stride as it flexes with your foot very well.  I know I struggle with this and it has helped my stride and comfort on street and on the treadmill.  The picture doesn't do the shoe justice, as it is much darker in person than on the screen but to be honest it looks nice.  This shoe is also a very breathable shoe, and my feet stay cool in it with the mesh netting on the sides and the breathable lining along all sides.As with all shoes, each pair fits different but this one does not disappoint!  I haven't been a Nike fanboy for a long time, but lately they are winning me back.  Have this and another pair in my rotation now.", "The shoes look nice, and he loves them, but they wear very very poorly particularly the bottoms, and within the first week of mild usage the bottoms had significant wear, and I would not recommend, or purchase another pair for the price tag.", "I wear an 11 in every shoe I've ever bought, but these fit too snug.  Probably will return, but they dont have an 11.5", "After getting denied the first time trying to buy these shoes finally found someone else who had a listing and couldn't be happier. Shoes are very light and the the colors are perfect match for my Seahawks. A little snug when you first put them on but your foot quickly works into the right spot. Very comfortable for any kind of activity from lounging around to running. I couldn't be any happier with the purchase. Might even get a second pair in another color.", "I am not a hard core runner but love being active. I primary ride road bikes. I picked these up for triathlon training (I will also be using these for races) and love them. I run from 2-4 miles each run and average about 6 miles a week. They feel amazing. In fact they don't really feel much at all, I guess that's the point of such a light shoe.The color is definitely me but can be too much, and others have referred to them as very loud. :) no problem with me. They keep cars from running me over:)Bottom line: recommended to friends without hesitation.", "The picture does not do these running shoes justice. In person they are beautifully made and brilliant color. They fit very well and tremendously comfortable.", "Great shoe. Lasts through many runs. Great color for night runners! Will definitely purchase more Nike Free Run's in the future.", "This probably won't get published. The product is extremely comfortable and I have received many favorable comments about the product. The Nike Free run shoes are $79.99 with free shipping from Dick's Sporting Goods. In store or on line...same price. I am finding that Amazon doesn't always have the best price and it is important to be a prudent shopper and compare prices.", "When I first got these shoes, I primarily got them for the color (which is a totally awesome color) but the more I wear them, the better they get. I have had them for a year now and they are my favorite shoes. I recently started running on a regular basis and use these to run with. I recommend these. They are comfortable, durable, and super light weight. Want to buy another pair soon!", "These shoes are super bright - I love being able to spot my son in a crowd as he's walking out of school. He is very happy with the comfort and support!", "They fit and feel great, but the yellow is to bright. I returned them for a different color. I love nike free run shoes.", "I run a lot and have tried just about every kind of runner. I love the light weight and cushioning combination in these. Most ultra light shoes have no impact resistance and most cushioned runners are too heavy. These strike the right mix. I love the Volt color because they just about glow in the dark.", "As I get older I continue to need more cushioning to continue to jog.  The Vomero has the best cushioned foot bed I have ever run in.  Great choice and I will probably order a second pair to alternate my runs.", "The shoes are GREAT!!!  The material that they made of is freakin BRIGHT!!!!  You can't truly apperciate how brightly colored these shoes are until you take them out of the box and wear them!!!  I wore them for physical training and EVERYONE loved them!!!  They are as comfortable as you would expect from the Nike running shoe line.  I have NEVER had a problem with a pair of Nike running shoes, so I continue to almost exclusively by from them.  These shoes will help continue that trend!", "husband loves this shoe, very light weight and very comfortable, they look great and we would buy them again in the same color also.", "I'm an over 200lb. runner. I need good shoes with good padding. I love these. They're my second pair of Vomero running shoes. Highly recommended for a neutral runner on the heavier side.", "Best shoe for a heavier runner ,especially if your putting your custom inserts into them . I like the color ,something different in the 7.This shoe is well over $100 at any shoe store. More fore-foot cushioning than the Pegasus .", "These are the 4th generation I've worn, same great cushioning, fit and now an awesome bright color. I'll continue to buy Vomero's as long as they are this good.", "this partuicular pair has a lil more support in the left shoe then the right so it's not my favorite pair but still very comfortable.", "This is the 4th pair of Vomero's I've owned. Great fit, great cushion, great durability. I usually get 300-400 miles out of a pair. Sometimes more.Note that these are not a minimalist shoe. If you prefer a &#34;barefoot&#34; style or a zero drop shoe, this is not it. However, I have avoided injury for years using this shoe and utilizing a run/walk philosophy when doing training runs.", "Not Bad, these were bought as a gift, the giftee likes them a lot.  However, they did pick them out.", "Hubby ordered these because he loves these shoes BUT Nike likes to suck you in and then discontinue. He's happy FOR NOW", "This style of Nike is my new favorite shoe. I have them in several colors and plan to buy more. Worth every penny.", "Hi,Sneaker is ultra-light weight, yet durable. Bottom is smooth so be careful on wet/smooth surfaces, but great for gym and treadmills and general purpose. Sneaker is open air and promotes air exchange inside sneaker foot cockpit. I have got so many compliments on this  sneaker that I bought a second pair today. First pair over 2 years old and still look great and function accordingly.", "I love it! It fits well and has a classic deign to it. I am attracted the first time i saw it.", "Great for long distance running. Very comfortable shoes and has a nice support to your feet. Nice Color too. .", "I love these shoes! Super comfortable and absolutely a dream to run in. They are pretty bright (if you're into that). Fit as expected and will most likely be buying these when they get their miles put on them.", "These running shoes have reduced the pain of shin splints dramatically.For those who land on their heels when running, this may be the shoe for you.  i'm happy i bought them", "Nike is finally building running shoes again. The Pegasus is not for stability. Have your running form down to perfection before you run in these. Cushion is perfect and tread is perfect. (the waffle pattern was wildly successful for a reason).", "Gorgeous, high quality, comfortable. Colors are nice and they are light for running. Nike is the best! It never fails me.", "This pair of shoes fit like a glove. Perfect replacement for my old Pegasus +26. Ready to make some miles with them.", "love these shoes ... very good for gym workout and light cardio ... they fit, give good support and also look decent", "Like walking on a cloud. I am a neutral runner and a former D1 athlete. This shoe feels great to walk or run in.", "Love this shoe! Light weight and fits like a glove! I buy the new version every year.", "I bought these for my husband and he loves them. Perfect fit and look great with everything he wears.", "After 30 years of refinement, Nike has created a top end shoe that is nearly perfect. Amazing blend of cushioning and superb fit. I've been running for nearly 20 years and this is still one of the best shoes out there, from running your local 5K to training for a full marathon I trust these guys.", "Outstanding running shoe. Light weight. Good fit. Great colors. Good support. I would definitely recommend this shoe. Great price too.", "Very comfortable and well made. Liked the color design as well and with three young children, I do alot of running and have little time to shop!", "My son wanted something from Nike that was stylish and durable. These sneakers are everything and that. They are well worth the money!", "was the correct size and fit that i had assumed it would bewas in the original new packaging and boxwas promptly shipped and deliveredvery comfortable higher mileage running shoes as hoped", "The product arrived on time and fits nicely as expected. The color and size were respected and I am very satisfied with the purchase.", "Great show, that fits great! I received what I expected and really enjoy wearing the new shoes. They are comfortable, and durable.", "Good choice. I love it. But no color choices availabe. I love its design. A good for long walking distance.", "They fit well and are very light.  I only run a couple times a week usually on the treadmill but these shoes felt right for me.  Great cushioning in the heel and was wide enough for me in the toes.  Like the color also and so very light.  Would buy them again.", "awesome product, would take another one.I wear it everywhere, outside, running, at home and while sleeping :)Recommended by me", "I have had this pair of Nike Air Pegasus for a week now. These are very good looking shoes that are comfortable and have a great fit. I use them for going to class and running errands around town. This is my second pair I have bought in the past 4 months the first pair I use for running. They are great shoes for whatever you want to do.", "Ready to walkExcelent choose...!!! Excelent service!!! Recommend this shoe and service by all means...Thank you!Had one alike last time and this are even better.", "Bought my first pair in 2006. Just now getting a new pair. Very comfortable from day one. This shoe saved my vacation in 2006 when we were at Disney World. Had bought new shoes for the trip and the first day my feet were killing me. We went to Downtown Disney,and bought my first pair of Nike Pegasus. It was like walking on a cloud. I was able to keep up with &#34;all&#34; the walking at Disney with my family. This shoe saved my vacation for sure.", "I have always worn Nike Pegasus and this shoe continues in the tradition of a really good shoe for a good price.", "Great shoe, but I had to exchange my first order because it fits a 1/2 size smaller than the Pegasus 30 model.", "The Nike Pegasus is the best running shoe on the market hands down.  The neutral rid makes for a comfortable run.  The shipping was very fast and the price was reasonable.", "I run 1000+ miles a year and usually only get about 300-400 miles out of a pair of shoes before my knees begin to bother me. I have owned two or three pairs of Pegasus before and have gotten pretty good service out of them. This pair of +29 exceeded my expectations as I was able to run 600+ miles in them before switching. A great pair of shoes for neutral runners who want a cushioned but not overly soft pair of shoes.", "These shoes are perfect for my feet. They alleviate the stress from running on a daily basis. Nikes do run thinner than usual but that's what I wanted. No durability problems yet. They are amazing shoes overall.", "Shoes felt like they would be very comfortable only they seem to run about 1/2 size small will try another pair but this time will go to a shoe store, return was very easy!!", "I was in dire need of new shoes and have been faithful to Nike. I went to Nike Factory Outlet store and tried on 8 pairs of shoes. Some were running and some training. The Air Peagasus 29 were the most comfortable, so I bought them. I have run about 10 miles in them so far, and they are hands down the most comfortable shoes out of the box I have ever worn. Not to mention they were really affordable too.", "This is a perfect shoe for a runner in his 50s.  The cushioning is excellent.  It is lightweight.  The soles are durable.", "I alternate running and weight-lifting and these shoes are great for both activities. I got it after my son who is in cross-country got it and loved it.", "The Nike Pegasus is a neutral basic running shoe that has been out for many years (since the late 1980s) and have been always working for me.The current version is no exception, and people who liked prevues versions will enjoy this one as well.", "I've been running since I joined the Army. I'm 6'2\" and flux between 218-225 lbs. I started wearing these shoes at 235 lbs. I have a normal arch. I wear a size 13. Due to my size, a strong sole and great cushioning with superior support are necessary to mitigate the risk of injury to my knees, ankles and to prevent shin splints. Most shoes I've worn have worn out within a few months or weren't good enough for me and I struggled with soreness. These shoes have a sole that provides excellent stability. The cushioning took a great deal of impact for a very long time. I am about to buy my second pair after 7 months and wearing . I, for the first time in my life, was able to run regularly for 6 months without any injury, soreness, blisters, or pain. At the 7 month mark, I started experiencing some soreness and blisters. Time to buy news ones and these are a no-brainer for me!", "My son loves these shoes.  He also had the size 8 and when we went back to the Nike store to purchase the size 9s, they no longer carried them.  I looked for them on Amazon, and thank goodness they were available!  I may even order the 10s!", "The shoes fit perfectly and are very comfortable. The color shown was exactly the color I wanted. Surprisingly, people often tell me how they love the shoes. I was afraid that people would judge that a 79-year-old man has no business wearing bright orange shoes, but I was wrong.", "Good cushioning and durability for underpronators. Light and stable and looks good even after many miles. Easy choice to order online if you know what size you need.", "I've been buying Nike Pegasus for several years, mostly because they fit great.  Also they are suited to almost any kind of sport.  I have to say that the colors are getting wilder all the time, but maybe that says more about me than the shoes.  I recommend these most highly.", "This is my second pair of this model.  I have a wide forefoot and so I am always very pleased to find shoes that fit this well.  Having run a couple dozen miles in them since their arrival, I can say that they are quite comfortable.  I am a longtime avid runner (5'7&#34;, 140 lbs) and give shoes a run for their money.  I only wish that shoe manufacturers didn't change models so often.", "I bought a pair of these after running in the Pegasus + 28 this last summer. I liked those so much I bought a second pair. When the + 29 came out I immediately grabbed a pair. I've probably run about 150 miles in these shoes and have not had any problems. I've tried many different brands, most of them much more expensive and these are honestly the most comfortable for me. I plan to wear these in a few months for a 1/2 marathon with confidence.", "I was real pleased that the size was right on. Back in the 1980s the size bounced around a little bit. As a 180 pound, mid foot striker this is still a good shoe for me. Recently I tried to increase my mileage and ran into a variety of minor injuries. My running shoes were old so I knew it was time to replace them. Then I remembered that I had relatively few foot and muscle injuries when using the Pegasus. To my surprise they were still available. I have run in them for only a week but so far it has been a nice light and stable upgrade. There are cheaper shoes available but they just do not work as well for me.", "Good comfortable running shoes. Had a pair of older Pegasus and i love these series. I have a small bone that forms a bump on the top of my foot so most shoes hurts me like the Freeruns but the Pegasus are comfortable. These are not waterproof as i expected them to be though. Wore these during a rainy day and felt my socks getting a little wet at the end of the day. Took off my shoes and felt the inside and the mesh area where your toes are was wet from the inside. Other than that great shoes.Pros:+ Comfortable+ LightCons:- Not waterproof", "Good morning friends my stuff please do not get me what I need never send to the address VLN6875 ADELSO MONTES2250 NW 114TH AVE UNIT 1VMIAMI, FLORIDA 33172-3652United StatesPhone: 7869724911 is my personal locker or I make a gift card to buy it again and please i need your help thanks greetings from Venezuela that is my size so just do not know where to communicate with you why I write for this helps with the purchase via", "Modern design, excellent quality, very beautiful colors, and very comfortable. I recommend it, very good acquisition. Nike is just Nike, Congratulations", "This shoe is light, feels great on my feet and I wear them ONLY when I run..looks real good, too....", "great product with a resalable price. next time i need athletic shoes will be the first place to check. thanks", "This shoe is really comfy and looks great just be ware that it's the color of the Hulk and looks like it will glow in the dark :)", "These are my second pair of dual fusions.  I picked these up because I loved the colorway and with knowing that these will not be available next year for the spring/summer line up, I had to get them. The Sneakers upper layer is completely mesh, and its combined with a rubber sole to give support during running or walking on very hard surfaces.  The mesh causes the sneaker to be very lightweight and flexible.  The lightweight and flexibility gives it a very comfortable feel on your foot.  The have a very light feel when worn and almost feels like you are wearing nothing but socks.  If you are a concrete runner or a person who loves to walk, I highly recommend these, as they give a good amount of heel support.  Retail is $80 from any Nike outlet.The Good: Very comfortable, lightweight, color is nice, HUGE selection of colors, great heel support, good for concrete applications or even long walks.The Bad: NOTHING! I just hope Nike makes a winter version for these.", "Sweet looking and comfortable shoes. Lightweight and good to run in too. I like a tha blue :P I hate spending money on shoes but these seem like they are worth it so far (1st week)", "The shoes are very comfortable and meet all the needs I intended for them (running, gym - anything physical); plus they look awesome! What would I expect from Nike though?", "Excelente!! Se los regale a mi novio y son super comodos para caminar, hacer ejercicios, son  muy llamativos y super chevere,", "I purchased these shoes for my son last year and he has worn them everyday around campus and loves them.  These shoes are comfortable, excellent quality and easy to keep clean. There is currently minimum wear and tear and a great investment.  This Nike shoes was worth the investment.  We only wish we could have bought two pair as they are no longer available today for purchase.", "Great All-Around Bag! Just the right size for everyday commuting and weekend workouts. Plenty of room for iPads, laptops, books and anything else you need to carry around.", "These shoes are awesome.  The are very comfortable and I've gotten lots of compliments on them.  I will be looking to buy at least another pairin different colors.", "I love Nike, and I love the 360's just as much. I own a lot of shoes but these are my fav!", "this product is perfect for me it is confertable in every way i love it and could not believe how confertable it is", "Very good brand, good product, each sports lovers will fall in love with this brand, really good, ohVery good brand, good product, each sports lovers will fall in love with this brand, really good, oh", "It is so hard to fins shoes for my boyfriend who wears a size 15. These fit perfect, and he says they are super comfy!", "I love these shoes definitely worth the money. They are very comfy and pretty durable in all weather conditions. A must buy", "I have a few of these and I buy them when ever I see them at a great priceFeel great and you can run for ever with these shoes.", "These shoes are very comfortable.  I usually can't wear the shocks but this pair seems to be very comfortable.  Recommended.", "awesome shoes! if you go to the store and look for this shoes you would not find them, that is the advantage of buying this kind of item online", "These shoes sell for $159.99 at the 3 local stores I checked but not in this color combo which I really like.  Pics don't do them justice. I could order them this way from the Nike store for $185.00  This is a great buy.", "was a gift to my hubby ...and he loves it....just like description.Excellent choice he is so happy with them and they ar so cofy", "Both shoes ripped two months in. Still fit okay but the outsides by the toes are ripped.", "I had to look around quite a bit before I found shoes with a low heel and some arch support. I am used to wearing Birkenstocks and high heels really annoy me. These are good when the weather does not allow Birkenstock sandals.", "I bought this second pair after buying another in a different color. I often spend long hours on my feet at work, and these shoes are very comfortable. I don't run with them, though, so I can't comment on them as running shoes, except that they're very light. I also don't think they'd provide a whole lot of support. But I'm very happy with them.", "These shoes are exactly what I wanted being a coach...lightweight, comfortable, and look great. Cannot go wrong if you order these.", "These shoes are light, extremely comfortable, and nice looking to boot. Definitely a great buy! I bought the Cool Grey-Summit White shoes. They look good with a variety of clothing styles and colors. Wish I had bought a second pair.", "Great shoes..very lightweight. They fit true to size and are comfortable. I will definitely buy same shoes in other colors!", "Great running shoes for my son who runs track he said they were great and comfortable. awesome shoes for teenager.", "Everything you would expect from Nike.  Comfortable while doing jumping exercises and jogging.  Love the color as it goes with just about anything.", "It's always good when you are buying something for a gift and the item is perfect. I highly recommend it.", "I used these shows for running on concrete/sidewalks, also for casual use, I can't complain, have had some leg troubles, but I do not think it is due to the shoe, they provide great support and very nice style!", "I bought this shoe sight-unseen because I had a (later year's version?) of the same shoe. My old shoe was basically perfect, in fact I am still wearing it. This shoe is also very good, but the fit is somehow much stiffer, and the shoe has a little more stability than I expected/wanted. So while it is a great shoe in its own right, I was expecting something else.Well, I can't exactly rate the shoe low just because it failed to adhere to my incorrect expectations. Nike Flex shoes are all very good, well-balanced shoes for general training. I've been running for 25 years, so I might be a little too picky. For &#34;the average person&#34; these shoes are a GREAT buy. This is something you can be happy with, without giving it too much thought. This is just a great all-around running shoe for the average person who doesn't need anything special about their shoes (i.e. this shoe is not a stability shoe or a trail runner or etc. etc.)The one thing I will say is that the material on the sole of the shoe was not built for trail running, high mileage, or etc. You might find it wearing out sooner than other shoes. But the good fit and low price should compensate for that. Good shoe.", "The child that received this product is very happy with them. He was not going to receive any Christmas presents until I was able to buy a great product at a wonderful price.", "Exactly as advertised. Shipped properly and timely. Fit my daughter perfectly, size consistent with standard. Good looking sneakers as well", "Very good tennis, allowed me to easily rest my feet when making my actidades like hard work or sport. Good material that I'm sure will last me for quite some time, plus a good presentation that make me go well.", "They are very confortable runing shoes. They feel great and looks even better. If u like the model... Just click the buy button.", "It's a nike product... what else can I say?... the colors, the material, de size, everything is perfect.  I bought it for my wife and she love it.", "Great workout tee for anyone who hates walking out of the gym covered in sweat, even though I got grey! True to size, have purchased more since. Great product. Item arrived promptly and as described, would do business with again.", "Really like the shirt - nice length and everything!! I really like how it fits - very comfortable. I would definitely recommend.", "This shoes is very beautiful and great for runners... There is a tip.... personalize your shoe with your name... This color night blue is amazing.", "She just opened the box and got happy with the design and colors, just waiting to wear them at the gym. Fast shipping, arrived in perfect condition.", "Training for a marathon now and Lunarglide is my running shoe of choice, you won't be disappointed, lightweight, but gives support, very comfortable, and even after running 20 miles in them I don't get blisters or have any foot pain at all!!  Great colors and a great shoe!!!", "Good brand, good product, I recommend it one hundred percent, I love it and I would buy again. I like it", "Love these. They're comfortable and look so cute. Love the color also very nice for running and when I'm doing my excersise at the gym. I recommend these cute sneakers.", "Super cute and super comfortable.  Mesh is  lightweight and comfortable.  Color is really nice, kind of a raspberry color.  This shoe cost a lot more on other sites.", "robust built, cute color and true to photo here, normally I wear size 7 Nike and order a 7 for this one, fit perfectly. Cushion and support feel good as you slip into the shoes. love them!", "bought these for my wife that loves anything pink. she loves them. they are great a comfotable. shipped very fast.", "I love these shoes!!! They are a great color and fit wonderfully!! I love them and as a heptathlete in track I can use them for many events.", "I use these for running/hiking and they stand up to the challenge. They not only fit well, but the tread haven't worn as fast as most shoes I go through so I'm extremely happy about that. They have also withstood many washes and are still holding up.", "Very comfortabe and stylish! I got these for my daughter and she loves them! I would definitely recommend them! Great walking shoe!", "I own two pairs in two different colors! My favorite running shoes!! So lightweight and comfortable and love the bright colors!!", "These are GREAT running shoes. The color blue is good. I wear them everyday, and actually as I sit here, Im wearing them now. I always get complements on them. They go with everything too.", "I love the Nike Lunar line.  They are just awesome.  The only problem is you have to either replace or add to the insole.  Their insoles are like paper.  No foot support.  These shoe are just for looks.  They last for about six months of regular wear.  Dirty easily but easy to clean.", "Great cross trainer or runner, love the comfort and lightweight aspects of this nike model. I recommend if you train often & need a comfy shoe that also has support & stability", "I highly recommend these shoes to every level of runners. I love the colors and style. My feet never sweat in these shoes.", "I took a chance in ordering this shoe, I normally wear ASCICS Gel Nimbus and I have wore them for YEARS.  I love the support this shoe gives to my arches and sides of my feet.  I purchased these because I work on my feet all day and walk (a lot) over mulch, rocks, gravel, and cement and I've found a great running shoe works the best for the conditions I work in.  These shoes are doing great!! I would recommend these to anyone.", "Love them, they are excellent for my power walking, love the color, they are so comfortable, will buy another pair", "These are the best running shoes. I originally had them in another color, wore them out, and decided to stick with the Lunarglides. I love this particular style of Nike. They are comfortable and offer plenty of foot support.", "I bought these shoes for cross country training last fall and am quite pleased with the result. The color was (and remains to be) very vibrant and the shoe is reliable. I also use them for other activities such as cardio classes like zumba, which they are great for because they are lightweight and not bulky at all. I switch back and forth between these & my aesics and there honestly is not a huge difference in either. All in all a great purchase!", "Sneakers look great feel great but was overcharged.  Paid $20 more from what the tag said inside the box. Misleading", "I like the looks of these a lot. I jog about 2 miles a day. They're very comfortable. I think I personally might need a little more ankle support. Other than that, they're great.", "The fit is perfect... both the length and the width are very comfy for my average foot. The support is terrific! I usually find that I need to circulate about 3 pairs of running shoes because I run or do cardio everyday but these are so supportive and bouncy that I can wear them seven days out of seven. I'm on my third pair of the same exact type and I'm tempted to buy 10 more pairs, worried that they will stop selling these awesome trainers! By the way, these running sneakers are also great on indoor cardio equipment!", "really love this shoes, it looks really cool and is very comfortable to wear them! I want to work out as soon as i put them on :)", "love the color and the style. this allows any one to see me while I run. glad they had the color I wanted!", "nike pegausus is the best for running, i always buy this model because is the most confortable i ever run", "Of course the shoe is great like the pegasus is (go try one on in your local running store if you're unsure of the fit/foot compatability).  I ordered these online because I wanted the neon color, and I was not disappointed!  It truly is NEON!!  Super flourescent and bright.  Love it.  Paired it with some black reflective Yankz laces and now every car on the road will be sure to see me :)", "I like the quality. Simple and direct for running. It is very comfortable and light.Nike please, continue producing Pegasus.", "I love the color.  I have another pair in this color I bought months ago.  I always buy size 9 1/2.  The size is consistent with my previous purchases over the years.  This is a very comfortable cushioned shoe.so I stick with the Pegasus when I buy Nike running shoes.", "I've used pegasus through the years. For a moderate jogger like me, these are great plus I like the color!", "The shoe runs true to size.  However I don't like the support in the heels. Why does Nike keeping changing the name / model of their shoes?!", "My wife loves these running shoes.feel good on walking or jogging and works well with her electronic tracking devices. Recommend to any runner", "These shoes are so awesome! Love how bright they are too! They are super comfortable, and perfect for wearing to the gym. Love them!", "Great cushioning, yet a very light weight for a neutral training or race shoe.  Toe box perhaps just a little larger than other brands.", "Great looking shoe and very comfortable. Fit is true to other Nike running shoes , would definitely buy this shoe again", "My husband bought the men's version of these shoes and loves them.  I just got them today and I love them.  They have great support and are light weight.", "I love these shoes, they are very comfortable.  I haven't worn them to run or work out, but I wear them to work (vet tech) and on my feet all day.  They are durable and  comfortable.", "Thanks to previous reviews, I ordered a half size higher than normal, so these fit great. Very comfortable, and I can't wait to wear them to the gym tomorrow!", "Got here fast in great shape, my daughter loves, them and been wearing them since they got here, holding up well.", "I gave this nike shoe 4 stars because nike actually discontinued making the shoes I originally wanted to purchase.... But these are pretty comfy...", "Love these shoes, love the color and fit. I won't wear anything but these to run in. I need to find more fun colors to add to my collection. 11 pairs so far.", "so comfortable and super cute.  Very functional.  I like the color options. I see people with the bright colors and they look cute.", "I walk daily at least 45 minutes.  These Nike Air Pegasus sneakers are the BEST!  My arches have excellent support, the shoes are light, but give excellent support.  I am a happy consumer.", "Bought these for my wife without her ever trying them on.  She has always loved air pegasus and knows exactly which size fits her.  These worked perfectly, and she's always used them for working out since she got them.", "I just love the shoe, it is comfortable, not heavy and fits perfectly. Have run with Pegasus several half marathon and that is why I got this ones for a marathon. It did work for me however I know we all have different running styles, performance and physical characteristic, the Pegasus is worth trying", "After my dog chewed on her old pair, I purchased these to replace the old. She tried them on when she got them and went out for a quick run and loves them. True to size.", "These shoes are stylish and great. No problems. They held their shape for a long time. I'd buy them over and over", "I have gotten this shoe before and will more likely get them again.  I wear them at work and my feet feel good.", "I love Nike products.  Shipping overseas was great, got the product in two weeks!!! I am so happy with the product.  Such a comfortable running shoe, I recommend for any woman needing something cushiony and comfortable to run in.", "If you have wide feet and love to run then these are the shoes for you!  I have 4 pairs of them and they are the BEST!  I run/workout 6 days a week and so I put these things through the wringer and they come out great.  I would HIGHLY recommend them if you have wide feet because the toe box on these shoes is nice and roomy.  I tried the +30 but they changed them and made the toe box more narrow and so they don't fit me but these fit no matter what color I order, and I can run in them right out of the box!  They are very well cushioned and so if you want a cushioned ride then these are for you too!  I usually try on 20 - 50 pairs of shoes (and that's NOT a joke) in the stores before I find ones that fit my feet well and so that's why I own so many pairs of these.  GET these SHOES!  You won't regret it!", "I really like the fit and comfort of this shoe. It felt like I was running on air. The red color is really bright and I'm still trying to get used to how they look on my feet since I've never worn such an intense color.", "These are really comfortable but fit a little snug.", "I choose these for color comfort and style, Love them so does all the women at my job that feel great and i recommend this  company to friends family and coworkers looking for comfort and style. Great price too!!!!!!!!!!!!!", "These are great shoes, and I love the color.  I get many compliments on them, and they are very light weight.  I originally gave the seller a lower rating because I did not know that the pricing was in GBP terms rather than US dollars, and thought I had been charged an incorrect price, but then was notified on the correct information regarding the price.  The company in UK seems to be a very good company and the shoes  were delivered ahead of the scheduled time.  I would purchase from them again.", "l loved my new shoes and comfortable using for a long walk. The style and the color were so awesome!!!!", "I bought these shoes for a friend for her birthday and she loves them! They fit great and are great to wear during workouts!!", "I read about the shoes and loved the recomendation, so i decided to order a pair. The shoes arrived sooner than I expected and they fitt exactly. I recomended all my best freinds to order the same.", "I just love the shoe, it is comfortable, not heavy and fits perfectly. Have run with Pegasus several half marathon and that is why I got this ones for a marathon. It did work for me however I know we all have different running styles, performance and physical characteristic, the Pegasus is worth trying", "I have to order these on line these days in order to avoid the neon bright running shoes in all the stores. I'm way too old to have such attention called to me and my feet! I'm on my third pair of these Nike Air Pegasus+.", "The seller was great - I received it perfectly in the correct time frame. However the shoe is listed as &#34;OBSIDIAN/BLACK/MDM VLT MDM VLT&#34;  - it is more blue/purple than anything black. Just so you know.", "The classic Pegasis in raspberry. Very pretty and perfect fit. My daughter loves to run in these shoes. They are one of NIKe's best- PEGASUS!", "MY WIFE LOVE IT, VERY FINE, ITS CORRECT, PERFECT, I RECOMMENDED, THE SIZE AND THE QUQLITY IS CORRECT, VERY GOOD", "I always buy Nike Air Pegasus to run. I had already four... and I like it very much. It is very very comfortable!", "Great product!! Got this for my wife and she loved the color.  It's also very comfortable and I'd recommend it based on my wife's reaction.", "The shoe looks nice and is very &#34;cushiony&#34;. It would be perfect if I had ordered a half size up from my normal size (8.5W), which has also always been my regular size in Nike. The toe box is really tight. I really, really would have liked this shoe if not for the sizing issue, and I have no way to return it now.", "Love these shoes and will buy more in different colors!", "This is the third pair of Nike Pegasus shoes I have purchased. They are comfortable, they wear well, and come in a great variety of colors. I will buy another pair when these wear out!", "So glad you can get previous models! These are just the best running shoes, my 3rd pair and ran a half marathon in them the day after I got them.", "I always wear AirPegasus so really no big surprise that i love shoe...also all the kids at my school think I'm really with it to wear such a bright shoe!", "This is my second identical pair of Nike air pegasus +29. For me, air pegasus is the best. Everybody needs to find the right athletic shoe for them selves.", "I have worn this style before.  I knew it would be comfortable for a walking shoe.  I could not find the appropriate size and color locally, so I ordered from Amazon.", "Love Air Pegasus shoes & was really glad to find them. Have back & knee problems, so these shoes work super good for me, as I use them for walking.", "The best cushioned shoe on the market!  Great for anyone with injuries or arthritis or who just wants maximum protection from impact while running or walking. Nike needs to keep the Pegasus.  Well made and light with good support.  Great color choices a plus. Price a little high but you get what you pay for and will save money in the future with less injuries and longer more enjoyable runs.  Highly recommend.", "Awesome sneakers! I do a lot of jogging and therefore always shopping for supportive, comfy sneakers. I always shop Nike sneakers....but by far, this one is one of the best ones I have had in a long while. Unlike with my other sneakers, my feet are not soared after jogging in these - and I jog approx 5 miles for 4 days per week!! no pressure points since I have been wearing them!!", "I love these shoes, I walked all over Pigeon Forge during rod run week and my feet didn't hurt once.  I also wear them to work.", "I love my old Nike tennis shoes, but read good reviews on the Air Pegasus shoes, and I have to agree.  Very comfortable with lots of support for working out and running.", "I have had many pairs of these exact sneakers. When they are on sale i buy them.They are very comfortable if you are a Nike sneaker wearer. I use them for the gym, walk/running in the park.I am a size 8 1/2 and in Nike i always order size 9", "Wasn't to sure about ordering shoes online as different brands fit me different, but these shoes fit perfect. They are comfortable and lightweight. I would defintely buy another pair.", "I order these shoes because I started to walk recently as a way of exercise and relaxation.  The shoes fit as expected.  They are comfortable and make my feet feel good even after long walks", "This shoes are great. So comfortable.  Love the color and they are great for working out or just running errands.", "These shoes are comfortable and so far, so good as for trail use. Frankly, I haven't done a lot of outdoor running as it's too hot right now....", "Daughter-in-law picked these out and loves them, but the sizing was a bit off.  Needed larger ones.  Very comfortable shoes.", "These shoes feel so good and I have wide feet so it's usually hard for me to find a comfortable tennis shoe I love these shoes", "Los colores hacen juego perfecto. Sn muy comodos y para las clases de alto impacto como body combat super recomendados", "These shoes are perfect for my wife.  Perfect fit.  Comfort was great and they were shipped and delivered in Hawaii in days.  Now my wife is Pregnant and can only walk/", "I just got my new Nike air max in black and purple,I like them. I  find Nike to be true to there size.As far as performance goes In the pastThe fit are good not too tight or have a funny arch to them. The delivery was fast . Pretty psyced !I have liked Nike and will continue to buy them as long as they don't go to over the top with prices.", "My boyfriend purchased these shoes for me, and I LOVE them, they are absolutely perfect. I've never had a &#34;nice&#34; pair of shoes before, I always just find cheap ones that will serve their purpose. I can't believe how much difference it makes to put a little money into a pair of shoes. These are most definitely the most comfortable pair of shoes that I have ever worn!I've read reviews about the air bubble things in the back popping, causing the back of the shoe to deflate. I have had no problem with that, though I am EXTREMELY paranoid that is going to happen!It did happen to my boyfriend's brother, though. He wore his shoes everyday for a year, went to the gym 4-6 times a week in them, and played sports in them. So they were very well used by the time that it happened!I would DEFINITELY recommend these shoes! They're very comfortable and soooo cute!!", "wow, when i ordered these I thought, because of the price, they would be an extra pair or shoes to wear, but I was way off the mark.  they are my absolute favorite shoes to wear to the gym, grocery shopping, with jeans and yoga pants!! I wore them to work on black friday and several of my co workers commented on how fresh they were! I highly recommend these to any age group, theyre a great shoe to jog in, walk, shop, etc. They are super comfortable, great support and give you superb balance for an amazing price", "Super cute & comfortable. I always get compliments when I wear them. Looks great with jeans & workout clothes. Best Nikes I've ever bought.", "These are the best shoes I've ever bought. I've owned multiple pairs of shox, these are definitely my favorite. Has a very thin tongue instead of a bulky plush one.", "Top of the line shoes. Perfect fit. True to size. Very light weight shoes. They feel lik a puffy cloud when you run. I will only buy Nike shoes from now on :) very satisfied customer", "Love the shoes, they're great! Very comfortable and flexible.  I am very happy with them and glad I made the purchase!", "I wore these all over London and Ireland when not wearing hiking books. Most comfortable sneakers I've ever owned. Very happy!", "These sneakers are sooo comfortable.  They are not bulky and almost make you seem as though you have no shoes on.  I think they were a great buy.", "i just recently started cross-fit and needed shoes that would allow me comfort to run. the soles are super comfy and the mesh material allows breathing so your feet dont sweat. i have wider feet and these shoes fit perfectly since day one. i love them so much i started wearing them to work. so comfortable! especially if you stand all day. best workout shoe ever.", "I bought these shoes as Christmas gift for my girlfriend's mother. She works out 5-6 times a week and needed comfortable shoes. Of course she wanted Nike that looked nice but yet still gave the comfort she needed. She has no complaints about the shoe and is very happy with them.", "I was looking for some comfortable new shoes to workout in because my old shoes were not giving my feet and back the support I needed. I purchased these shoes after going to a different website and finding wonderful reviews about the comfort and fit of these shoes.  These shoes are incredible. They are so lightweight that I don't feel like I am wearing any shoes.  They are extremely comfortable and give my feet and back the support they need. I no longer have problems after a long workout. I ordered a half size bigger based on other reviewers saying the shoes ran about a half size small, and I am glad I did - perfect fit.  I would recommend these shoes to anyone looking for a comfortable pair of running/workout shoes.  As an added bonus, I get a lot of compliments on the color.", "this hunted very good for running and walking I recommend it to all very high quality confiafle and hope this can serve others interezadas on this product.", "I love this product. Came on time and the packing was okay. I love the color although some pictures are off, but the actual color is the brighter pink with real like in description. Very very happy!", "Shoes came right on time feels great love love love them in the gym...the color was much brighter than picture...but besides that great shoes", "I recommend this product. They are true to size, nice looking and comfortable. Nice price! And I love the color.", "It fit perfectly, I start using it to run and is a great and confortable shoe.I'm happy with my purchase.Running keep me alive and  active, so the shoes are my weapon to work forth, are the more important piece on my equipment which help me to go far without even think about it. Allowing me to go as far as my trainning let me go. I can run in shorts or pants or even in a  bathen suit, but no without shoes, that have to be in my feet, must be soft and perfect to reach my gold on my races.Those shoes help me on my long distance tasks.I had it on when I ran on the last Gatorade's race in Caracas.", "Wow! i cant believe how quick my daughters' shoes arrived!! The Delivery was estimated for Thursday and they arrived on MONDAY!!My daughter is going to be stoked by seeing her gift! she loves running and shes a blue lover. What else can I ask for?Im a happy customer. Thank you!!", "Excelent it's ok", "These are very comfortable and seem to be well made. The reason for 4 stars is that nobody is perfect and not everyone deserves a standing ovation.", "My wife is wearing these and really loves the light feel.  She just started running and these shoes have been very comfortable and light weight.", "This is a very attractive shoe.  My daughter loves it.  I am very pleased with this purchase.  I should have bought 2 pairs", "They fit well. I love the bright colors. I think these shoes will last a long time. I may order another pair soon!", "These shoes are great!! They fit perfect and are lightweight. I am definately going to purchase another pair. My husaband and kids like them too.", "I bought these running shoes 1'2 size larger than my normal size and they fit very comfortably with plenty of room.  No problems noted with toe space as some reviews indicated.  I do not run a lot, but I walk daily and these shoes are perfect for the job.  I would recommend.", "I work on my feet all day and this shoe is perfect for being on ur feet all day. :)", "Sometimes in life things don't always go as planned and that turns into opportunity for people and companies to excel, and that certainly is the case with this product and shipper ... Highly recommend these shoes ....The wife loves em..Which is Great ! Foot Paths did a wonderful job. Thanks to all involved !!!", "These shoes are really comfortable and run true to size. They are cute and lightweight. I love wearing them everyday!", "I love Nikes for exercise shoes, so know that.  I got these because I wore my last pair in the absolute ground.  I know that the &#34;less is more&#34; movement in running is hot.  See barefoot running, etc.  However, I am a curvy girl with an unstable knee.  It occurred to me that a more stable shoe might help.  Very true. I have seen the other reviews that the shoe did not have room in the toe box. I always get my running shoes a half size larger as is recommended.  I actually have a little extra room.  They are not cramped across the ball of my foot or toes.  The heel is really soft and a little sock like around my ankle.  Very lovely.  I didn't have to break them in at all.Now, word of caution...the shoes sold here are identified by style and not by year for the most part.  So, I can't guarantee that when you find my review, or anyones, it will talking about exactly the shoe you're looking at.I got a reasonable price, super fast shipping, and a great shoe.", "I run three to four times a week 3-8 miles each time. My last pair of shoes was the vomero 6. I will be shopping for another pair of those. The toe box has more room and this dual fusion shoe is much more narrow.", "My husband ordered this sneaker for me and it arrived faster than expected. It's such a beautiful and comfortable sneaker. I have the black and pink ones, they are so nice. I love, love , love this sneaker!", "When I opened the box the bright color of the grey did not made good with the bright pink color, but I need a sneakers so badly they would not waste time to return, but not so happy about this one.", "Bought these for walking and really love them. We walk a lot up to four miles and my feet love them.", "I generally run 3-4 miles a day, 5 xs per week.  This sneaker is beautiful, however, is narrow in the toes, causing blisters in-between my toes.", "Really great shoes beautiful color and very comfortable.. Very impressed with the delivery time. Great job USPO keep up the great work.", "These shoes are very comfortable.  I love them and recommend them to anyone.  The arch support is just right and the color is nice.", "I have several different styles and colors of Nike's. The dial fusion are my all purpose favorites. They have great support,hold up well, are cute and a great everyday shoe.I have purchased them from several Amazon vendors. This vendor was great. I bought two pair and they came right on time.", "These are the most comfortable sneakers I have every worn. The inside padding and sturdy structure makes walking easy, in spite of my flat feet. Also, they are deep enough for me to insert my portable arch supports.", "The product is of good quality.  We ' ve a problems with te size but are easy  of cahnge with friends or a future sale", "Good Shoe and Not Badly Priced and Feels Good to The feet with enough cushion and support for a runner", "I am very pleased with this shoe...the shipping process is another story....the shoe made up for the frustration I felt regarding the time it took to get it! :)", "I have this in black-silver-berry metalic, and now this color.  Have had the original pair for well over a year, and still am wearing it almost daily.  Very comfortable and stylish.", "Great fit, comfy... Good for work, able to be on my feet for duration of my work day.. Highly recommend.....", "The Nike Dual Fusion is perfect support and comfort for being on your feet for more than12-14 hours. Awesome shoe!!!", "I was looking for this  running sneaker locally...but they never had my size...happy with the fit and color...very comfortable..in fact I should buy an extra pair", "I feel good to wear it. And my boyfriend bought one in the same style. We all like it very much.", "These shoes  are super comfortable, roomy in the toes and cup the heels nicelyare.  The shoes are lightweight and perform as advertised", "I am Full pleased with my nike dual fusion run wmns running shoes. Love them. thank you very much they're lovely", "Just a nice shoe! Beautiful and comfortable! Great traction! It is good for trekking or country, and running in the city!", "These are the most supportive, most comfortable shoes I have ever worn. They walk, run, bike, and Zumba. The inner \"grid\" tightening system gives me all the arch support I need for a high arch. If I can ever find them again, I'll be buying multiples for when they wear out.", "I love neons and these shoes are amazing!! They fit just like all my other Nike's do and they are super comfy!", "My wife was very happy with these . It is the perfect mix of fashion and performance .I Highly recommend.", "Really nice pair of shoes. They fit really well on my feet. I ordered a size bigger and it is ok for me. They feel really comfortable and look good. What I don't like is that they are supposed to be running shoes and I feel they slip a bit on wet floors :/ I have to be careful.", "I love my new shoes! They're very comfortable & stylish! Shipping was fast :) Will buy again & I would recommend to all my friends!", "Love the fit of these. I have them in several colors. Lightweight. Comfy and stylish. Good support. Couldn't find the pink/berry color in the store, was happy to find it online.", "I Love the shoes but the color isn't what I expected. I was thinking Crimson was red and these shoes are bright orange so they don't match with too many of my outfits", "Everyone asks me where I purchased these and cannot believe it's an amazon order. They are comfy and I have wide feet. They are well worth the price paid and looks great, Great value!", "Excelentes zapatos! de muy buena calidad, super bonitos, comodos, a la moda. Estoy fascinada con el producto y el color es lo maximo!!!", "I loved the shoes but had to send them back because they run 1/2 size smaller than what I am wearing now.", "The shoe was beautiful and arrived earlier than expected. However, I have been running for over 5 years and would not recommend this shoe. Its support was off, and after 2 miles I felt pain on places I have never felt before. And since I wore them once, I couldn't return them. I gave three stars though because this situation might be unique to me, but I am warning people who are looking for a good running shoe... This is not one.", "Thank you so much for my blue nike shoes.  They are absolutely beautiful.  I have never seen this color blue on ANY shoes I have ever seen.  I have gotten many compliments on my blue nike shoes.  Thanks", "Excelent Shoes!This product are confortables, have great weight and look very pretty.I recommend this shoes for exercise and walking", "I love the shoe, however, I should have gotten a 1/2 size smaller.  I will keep them, because they are very comfortable.", "Wonderful, beautiful and confortable shoes. All people's looks go to my feet. The color combination is perfect and when you wear them, you feel your feet as you are wearing gloves.", "I love the raspberry pink color it is very vibrant, I've received many compliments on them because of the color. With that said, these are very comfortable, very cushioned. I've used them for my kick boxing and my sculpting class and they support my ankles and are great sneakers!", "I love these shoes they stand out so much but I've had so many compliments on them that they love the color. If you love bright colors you will love these", "I love these shoes! I love them so much, I have three different colored pairs of them! They are really comfortable. Because of the mesh, there is a minimal breaking in period.", "These shoes are wonderful they are wide enought for me also. i also get a 9.5 in exercise shoes and they fit perfect. I also got the gray ones.", "These shoes are not only attractive, but comfortable. I've never done a lot of physical activity before, so I didn't have good shoes for it. When I started college, I started walking everywhere. I walk about 4 miles a day. I loved all my Chucks, but they weren't very good for walking a lot. I'd end up with blisters on my feet. So I decided to get these, because they were inexpensive and I loved the colors. They are also very breezy so your feet don't feel smothered. They also arrived three days before the estimated delivery. I'm more than satisfied with this purchase.", "Nice color and feels so soft, I been using every day with no problem, nice I will buy again, cute.", "These shoes are great!  Fit perfectly & are so comfortable.  Wish I would had purchased 2 pairs.  Now I can't find them anywhere :(", "Very comfortable and they are a really nice running sneaker. They are simple looking are very light. Awesome price and love the look.", "Great deal, good durability for the price. Would buy again. These are my second pair of Nike Trail Running shoes and I love them.", "This really helps hold the heat in.  The snug fit makes it comfortable and easy to slip a loose top over it.  We are keeping our house colder so this is really helping me stay toasty!", "Was looking for this shoe for awhile. Shoe is exactly what I wanted. Fits great and really liked the color.Color is a dark navy.", "Fast shipping, great and original product.Shoes are really nice and comfortable, I like them a lot I will buy again from this vendor.", "Size was just as listed, fit just like it should! No fading over time, kept it's shape ~ nice t-shirt.", "I just want to say Thank you very much for relatively quick shipment service.And I got the really NEW zoom kobe 7, meant no one ever tried. (Could be yes but the product is the best.)Thank you!", "My husband loves these shoe so much that you can't even stand to close to him when he's wearing them.", "the greatest shoes the black mamba is a great option the best one :) so then try it and enjoy it good stars for this seller", "Good basketball shoesPros:Fits perfect, can be used on play and on streets... Looks really nice and are too much comfortables.Cons:Maybe with some other colors than yellow will be great", "Extremely happy with this purchase! Bought this for my best friend who fell on hard times, and he has always wanted a pair. Shipping was fast and item was perfect. Thank you!!!", "I love this shoes, It's nice and I going to use every time because is confortable and look good for me.", "This showed up at my door faster than the items I ordered direct from Amazon!  Ordered these for my husband and he loves them!  They were comfy and quite attractive!  Not a running shoe by any means but a great looking everyday shoe for sure!", "This running shoe fits true to size and is extremely comfortable.  Color scheme is pretty nice as well.  Good product.", "all very good I would just like to comment that the package would be fair to the product box as the packaging is a lot bigger than the rest of the product no complaints what I expected because I hope to take into consideration what the packaging", "My husband bought them and he seems to really enjoy them. It took him awhile to find yhe shoes he wanted but he finally did.", "this shoe is great! comfy, lightweight, and looks great. got this shoe just for bboying. i recommend this shoe for everyone!", "Really like these shoes, exactly as pictured and exactly what I wanted. Nice retro look, comfortable, no complaints or regrets", "Great combination of 21st century technology and 1980's classic look. Extremely light weight, with good arch support and cushioned Nike Air. Fantastic look and clean design makes this a must have for Nike retro enthusiasts!", "These Nikes are very light and incredibly comfortable from the first use. Feels true to size and width. The &#34;Retro&#34; look is also awesome. They also have great ventilation. All in all a great shoe.", "This is exactly what my husband needed for the snow. It keeps his feet warm and dry while still looking sleek.  Great customer service from this company as well!", "run small please be aware of this before buying but its a great shade of navy blue better then most of the bright blue boots on the market", "Shipped on time and very comfortable, light weight boots for all weather. Will buy another pair in a different color.", "what else can you say, it is nike after all, good running shoes but just a littler heavy than my last Shox but overall it is a really nice shoes", "The were for my son for Christmas. He says they fit, have a good arch support, and are comfortable. Likes the color combination too.", "He LOVED them! I would have never been able to find something like these locally!  Fast service & very happy with our purchase", "MY HUSBAND IS SO SATISFIED WITH THIS SHOE! GO AHEAD AND GET IT!THE SELLER ALSO LIVED UP TO MY EXPECTATIONS SO THAT WAS A DOUBLE PLUS! YOU REALLY CANNOT BEAT AN EXCELLENT FIT AS WELL...", "I was skeptical about buying sneakers that I didn't try on, but I went for these because of the way they looked.  They fit perfectly and look great.  I get compliments all the time.  Also, when they get dirty, they are easy to clean and they look like new with just a little water and a paper towel.", "Fit wonderfully.  Great support where I need it - arch and at the balls of my feet.  (I have a pinched nerve in my left foot - old running injury - and these helped relieve that pressure.  They look great.  I had hoped to find ones a little more neutral but couldn't at a somewhat *reasonable* price.  Shox are one of the few shoes I have found that I can stand in all day and won't be dying by the end, so I put up with the prices to a degree.", "I bought this shoe for my daughter that plays competitive volleyball.  She needed a light indoor shoe that handled quick turns, stopping well and  also light for jumping.  This shoe really met her needs.The shoe is stiff and required some break in time.", "I'm glad I found this when I did it was only $26 which is a great deal for any dri fit shirt. Especially a nike one", "Bought as a gift for my husband last Xmas. He loved it. Hope I can find more quality bargains like this.", "This is my third pair of shoes this design, and i don't change them for another brand, they are comfortable, have good grip and it lasts long. They arrived in time, well packed and such which as I asked them.", "i liked them!", "My middle school son (a big kid) needed good solid running shoes for PE class in school and these were perfect. They have held up well and look like new.", "Completely satisfied my large feet.  Will purchase in future .  I hope the price is right when the next one comes around.", "Men dart sneakers #10 is great fits well and is very comfortable and light just what i wanted.What u see is what u get i viewed it i bought it and I'm a satisfied customer.Thank you for honesty of sales looking forward for more purchases.", "I always wear nike the color contrast really caught my eye,but trying them on and walking a bit in them.really sold the shoe. Had them for a week now and never take them off.", "My boyfriend loved it, it's simple and casual to wear daily and very comfortable he says. Wears it everywhere :)", "if you want to walk its great for thati go sometimes on runs and doesnt perform that well but overall an okay shoe", "These shoes look great and are very comfortable. For the price they are a great pair of athletic running shoes.", "These are really light and I don't really even notice the shoes while running.  I like this shoes so much that I wear them throughout the day now.", "I really like the look of my new shoes, they fit perfectly on my feet. I enjoy running in this shoes", "Great value for a mid priced running shoe-durable-not as much cushion as my more expensive running shoes Good for low mileage runs", "Quality, fit, color, delivery...everything about them is perfect.  I love the color...not too outrageous with pants on, but still fun and stylish.  Great sneaks...fits as expected.", "Perfect!!Exactly what I was waiting for!!I use this for boxing trainingThe color is perfect and look great!", "I like these sneakers, they are comfortable and fit well. If you are looking for a pair of sneakers for every day use, get these.", "I made the right choice.", "My son is an avid runner. After trying on the shoe Christmas morning, he said, &#34;I love it...thanks Mom!&#34; I asked him if it was a good shoe for running and his assessment was, &#34;No because its too heavy, but I still like it. I can wear it when I'm not running...like when I go to my friends' houses and stuff like that, so I still really like it.&#34;He has been wearing it every day when he isn't running, so I know he likes the shoe. However, he doesn't seem to recommend it for running because he says the shoe is too heavy for running.", "will use again in the futher we love the shoes they arrive early but that was good they was for my husband work shoes for work so he loves them. thanks for a great product they are real nice and they do look like the picture. thanks again.", "the size was supposed to be a 4E  wide , no way it  could be, I bought a similar pair Nike Pegasus 29 at an  outlet storethat fit perfect, never will buy shoes online again, its a shame,, it is a nice shoe, the chinese just cant get sizes correct", "This was a gift for my son.  He is happy with the fit.  Would purchase again, this was a good buy.", "Great fit and fairly comfortable.  I run about 10 miles a week, not to much, but the shoes are holding up well for now and are fairly breathable, so my feet stay dry.", "i love it", "Yeah. I suppose it's just bad luck! When i came home there was a little hole on my left shoe, some stitches had ripped somehow. And i was just walking around with my girlfriend. That's why i'm giving it 3 stars. Even with this factory issue, i'm pretty happy because these are pretty comfortable shoes. Lightweight, and fit so good! They do your feet a favor. Until now, they're doing really good on running days and on every kind of terrain.Hope you don't get a factory defective one, because it's a great shoe!", "I've started to get back into running and I needed some good running shoes. These shoes fit the role perfectly. Surprisingly a good value in terms of price and quality. They feel very lightweight, comfortable, and offer plenty enough ventilation for when my feet start swelling a bit after a workout. It really came down to some ACISC models and these Nike Darts, but based on the amount of positive reviews, this is what I chose and I'm glad I did.", "These are the best gym and running shoes I have ever purchased over the past five years.They are light, fit like a glove, and have very good cushioning.", "I have wide feet and they fit very well. Glad I looked on Amazon to buy some shoes . Prize was good also.", "Grandson is a growing 14 year old and these fit the bill perfectly. He enjoys them and wears them to school and P.E. daily.", "A very comfortable fit and feel for the price on the shoes. Ideal for daily use as well as running without having to burn a hole through your wallet.", "I'm a bit new to ordering new shoes online but I have to say this was a very good experience. The shoe was the perfect size when it cam and the comfort level for my foot is beautiful. Overall, fantastic shoe, I would definitely reccomend it for anyone for everday wear, running, etc...", "These were a replacement for some older Nikes and these were perfect.  They fit great and are very comfortable.  The item was also shipped in a timely matter.", "The size is accurate. They fits my feet very well. Will buy again. Will change to a lighter color next time.", "They are very comfortable and their design are cool. I really recommend this Shoes. I am very sure that I will be a other pair very soon.", "My purchases, Nike Men's NIKE DART 10 RUNNING SHOES  arrived perfectily, and fit as expected. the arrival time to me was OK", "These shoes are comfortable. Just what I expected. Glad I found them. Keeps my feet feeling great. I can wear them all I day.", "These are for the son and they fit perfect on his feet.  He already had some so these are a size bigger.", "Great shoe at a good price! Order a wide pair unless your feet are really narrow! Unfortunately had to return- thanks for free returns:)", "I have to say best running and walking shoe I ever bought from Nike, it about time Nike came out with something dualable and something that will last long time, also so comfortable too.", "I wear these 3-4 times a week to work out and run.  They fit comfortably and seem to be holding up well.  I've had them for about 3 months so not too long, but I've been very happy with them thus far.", "I use it for go out with my friends and go to University, This color combines with all types of clothes. They look durable and they are durable! Excellent for use it every day.I love it!", "Got these for my son to wear at his running class in college.  He liked them!I am so glad I picked the right size.", "I really enjoy the look and feel of these shoes. I am not much of a runner but so far they have been everything I want. They also work very well as casual shoes because of their simple and clean look. I would suggest these to anyone who is looking for a nicely priced gym or light running shoe. They may be a bit too bulky for anything more than a 5k. I am not into all the colors and styles these days so the best part for me is just the simplicity of the design.", "perfectly tailored, fully met my expectations, comfortable and pleasant. the material is great, besides being quite flexible, they are also lightweight, thank you very much", "Love these shoes there comfortable and when i run or ride my bike i feel breeze hit my toes they keep my feet cool  i love it. When these wear down im going to buy another pair", "I actually worked out in these shoes the first time I put them on and they fit perfectly. Usually I have to break shoes in before running in them but these were good from day one", "comfortable, light, and have a nice stylish look to them..  everything as expected from Nike,  and at such a reasonable price.", "The fit was perfect, and felt totally comfortable. I won two table tennis tournament events wearing them, so they served my purpose well. I did get replacement shoestrings, though, as the 45&#34; round shoestrings kept coming untied. When I replaced them with 54&#34; black flat shoestrings, I had enough length that I could double tie them and then they were perfect. I would certainly recommend these shoes other than that.", "Awesome delivery time. Shoes are great, there are a few small defects, and inside the left shoe there is a sewing d3fect that cause it to hurt the top of my foot. It will wear down in time.Overal great product and great fit.", "This product was excellent, is made of good material and are very comfortable, it is just what I needed, thanks", "I only buy one or two pairs of shoes every year or so. I take pretty good care of each pair so they last me a while. I've taken up running and my old shoes just weren't cutting it so I bought these. The price was great (under $60), they fit perfectly, and they have hardly worn down at all. Reliable, comfortable, slick. They're pretty great.", "This pair of shoes are very comfortable. As excellent as I expected. Has all the qualities walking shoes should have. Delivery speed is prompt.", "Very comfortable and good build material good for work if you have a lot of time standing i recomand it", "The shoes fit great! I am a runner so I was hesitant to buy shoes online. Hesitation was a ridicules these were perfect! Great cost, great delivery time, Great running!!!", "Shoe fits true to size - it is nice and wideVery light but not as much support as I would liketried it as a replacement for Air Pegasus 27 but is more like the 28 model - which also very light but lacking support", "I BOUGHT THESE SHOES FOR MY SON, HE LIKED IT'S COLOR. IT'S EXACTLY HOW IT LOOKS. PERFECT FOR RUNNING. I RECOMMEND IT.", "excellent as you would expect from Nike, and Amazon online purchase.Thank you", "I wear these colors a lot so it was great to find them for such a great price lucky me", "designcomoidad although his was not the color requestedI like everythingit serves him right", "Loved itlook even better than they do on picturesso comfortable, and the mesh transparency makes it look so great and r so fresh with the proper socks u feel like u didn't sweated at all", "These are not the top of the line shoes but they look great and feel good. They are lite weight and comfortable. I would buy them again", "Perfect fit and good quality for the price. The color is also good. Product very much same as in the picture.", "These shoes are very comfortable. I wear them to the gym every day. I am a very satisfied customer. I highly recommend this product.", "Bought for my son & he said even more comfortable than his more expensive shoes.  We were very satisfied with our choice.", "This shoe is miles better than the shoes I was wearing. It was snug at first, so I had to wear them around the house for a couple hours to break them in. The only complaint I would have is that these shoes are well insulated and my feet got hot quickly. I would suggest wearing socks that are of a light fabric.", "I was very happy with the purchase of my Nike's Dart Running Shoes. They were delivered 4 days prior to the expected delivery date, and fit just right! And the price was right in line with what I expected to pay. Overall I am a very pleased customer.", "Fit like a glove", "I love the look of the shoe but I feel a pull in my arch uder my feet while just walking in this shoe. It has no arch support. If I'm to wear it, I will have to find some insole to support my arch in my feets. It was a purchase mistake for me.", "Fits as expected, pretty comfortable. The price was right. I like Nike's Dart 9 better. I just use these for walk around shoes.", "Very light comfortable and affordable. Perfect fit. These shoes are great for running and walking. I run 2-3 times a week, and I haven't had a problem with them (so far).", "Hard to find size for my son. I searched for a long time in stores and online! Worked out great!", "Fit perfect. Bought them as a present for my husband and he really likes them, won't take them off. Look great too.", "These shoes fit great and are very comfortable.  I have a bad lower back (had back surgery) and need quality footwear to minimize my back discomfort.  These work great.", "i choose this rating because it is really strong light weight and my husband loves it , a next good one is the nike dart 9 last him 2 years with every day use, great shoes!", "good product looks original not the tips of both shoes took off too fast and buy just about asisc are the same as when I bought the first day but this shoddy nike", "cheap, good quality,fast delivery. I'm really glad I had ordered this shoe!It looks even better than the picture which is rare in on-line shopping!probably the best sports shoes you can buy for 50$!", "Bought this for my cousin as a gift, he loves it.  Says it fits perfectly and looks great on his feet", "Fit nice, very comfortable. Sizes are perfect not too big or small. They look cool and my son loves them.", "Perfect", "It,s okay but could be cheaper. I suggest you to make a prequalified score that suggest the quality of the product.", "Got these shoes after a lot of research. One thing the research revealed was that it would be best to get +1 size from Nike than your usual shoe size and that really is true. If I had got my usual shoe size, I would have had to return and wait for the bigger size.+1 size fits perfectly. It's somewhat narrower than most shoes I have owned but it just gives a snug fit without any discomfort.I walk/jog about 5 miles a day and also walk every day to office and back, about 2 miles each way. I have not had any problems with these shoes during that time.Have to wait and see how durable these are :)", "Fits well and the shoe is very lightweight and breaths well. My husband wears them and loves them because he feet don't get over heated in them.", "but once I got used to the tightish fit iloved it, very comfortable, feels like you have a bounce to your step and was easy on my feet when I go on runs, I would recommend these shoes, stylish and comfortable.", "These shoes are a bit bulky and large in size but they are pretty comfortable. I'd call them a nice shoe to walk in but not very ideal to run or workout in.", "These were bought for my Grandson who is 17. He really likes them. He says they are very very comfortable.", "Pretty good shows, just what I was looking for. Good to walk, comfortable to use and also nice looking. Recommend", "I actually bought these for myself because I had a hard time finding tennis shoes for women that didn't have pink or purple all over them. These are great. The sizing info made it easy to figure out the men's equivalent to my shoe size. They fit perfectly. They look exactly the same as they were pictured. Shipping was even early. I'm incredibly happy with my new shoes.", "Are a 2013 Christmas gift not opened yet; from what I can see they are nicely made, great color and sporty looking", "I love these sneakers,  fit great , very comfortable.. they are tight in the ankle area but only because I haven't broke them in yet..I recommend. It came nicely packed and on time.", "Conservative styling ,perfect fit! Since I needed a 4E width shoe, I have not been able to find a pair that fit until NOW! Great fit and comfortable!", "Buying shoes online is always risky. I have always preferred Nike over the years as most of the Nike models fit my feet perfectly. There's no Nike store near to where I live so I had to order online.The fit for me with these shoes is somewhat tighter than I expected, but since I use them while running or in a gym, I guess its worth it.The only drawback is that the laces are really short in length.", "The shoes were for my son for Christmas , and he loves them, fits perfect and they arrived on time. nice and light weight also.", "My husband usually wears a size 13 but I picked up a pair at Ross in size 14 and fit great. So I found this style on Amazon and picked up another pair and they fit as good as the first pair.", "This is a really comfortable shoe great for walking and running. Has really good arch support. I do recommend this shoe.", "I bought these to wear during the day. After about a month, things started to go downhill. My heels and arches feel like steel spikes are being pounded into them by Noon. I don't think I've ever worn a more uncomfortable pair of shoes in my entire life. I have to go back to my crumbling old Nikes just for relief. Would never buy these again. Warranty was over for returns so I ended up getting sneakers by Brooks. Absolute relief. How anyone could possibly run in these is a mystery. I can't even walk in them and they fit perfectly. Even tried Dr. Scholl's sneaker inserts to no avail. These shoes were hell-bent on destroying my feet. In this case, you get what you pay for. Cheap material, cheap soles, plopped on top of cheap rubber.Shame on Nike.", "shoe is exactly what we wanted, my husband ordered these for work since he stands all day and he is very pleased with the comfort and look of thses shoes. he is actually ready to order another pair soon.", "I bought these for my husband and they fit as expected. He said they were comfortable right out of the box and he recommends them.", "Honestly it was my fault, not ever knowing me size you really require, and request must have been 8 when 9, otherwise the shoes are great, my only mistake that detail", "They look and feel great. Good quality material and they look very durable. Felt the difference right away from my old pair.", "First, I am not a runner.  I use these shoes at the gym and on a treadmill where I walk & jog for about 15-20 mins.  They are very comfortable and came in 4E for my wide feet.  I am pleased with my purchase but will edit my review if I have any problem with these sneakers. Thanks for reading!", "i can't wear any other running shoes but nike, they fit me better than most. this has a rounded toe area but fits slightly on the short side. i would suggest buying 1/2 size larger than you normally wear. otherwise it is a very good shoe.", "My son loved these shoes however they seem to hurt his foot.  Generally on this type of shoe they accommodate a wider foot but this one seems to be sized a touch smaller than the norm.", "I'm a very active athlete. You could say I'm not the most well-endowed person up top. Still, I prefer comfortable, sturdy bras that are not too constricting and are durable for the amount of times that I wear and wash them in a week. This bra fits all of my criteria. It's lightweight, but still offers support and coverage. It's a great color too! And the material will definitely last long.", "The Nike fleece capri works very well for my Curves workout because they allow more air flow as the workout level increases.  They are comfortable, pack well and are a great addition to my workout clothes options.", "I bought these for my son aged 9 and they fit him well.  material of good quality.  Feel that they were a good buy.", "Bought these for my 10 year old for Christmas.  He really likes them and they are a nice looking shoe.", "My daughter loves these shoes.  They're comfortable for running or just walking around at school.  The colors are nice and bright!", "We buy the Nike Free shoes for all of our kids because they are as durable of a sneaker that you are going to find. The materials hold up to the washing machine very well and they look brand new after a wash. These are a smart buy.", "My son love them! He's already asking for me to replace them in the next size, and I will be.", "Perfect and fit as expectedbrand very good Perfectlike it and need to see more items with good pricesthanks", "i bought these cause i am diabetic and needed something comfortable and they are a nice style and very comfortable i thank you very much for meeting my needs", "Great quality, they lasted until she outgrew them.", "Love these shoes. Fit great, very comfortable, durable, & great fashion! We buy several pair to add to his wardrobe he likes them so much.", "If you have a rel boy who destroys shoes as quick as orS does, buy these shoes! They are boy operant.", "My daughter  (who's 16 years old) wears these, and I think they look so cute on her; I wish I could pull these sneakers off.", "My daughter this pair of sneakers. They are very comfortable and fit true to size. The color is exactly a the picture shows.", "Daughter's absolute favorite shoes - she gets them in a couple of colors each season. Durable and very comfortable. Perfect for those pesky middle-school required mile-runs!", "UPPER: Soft, supple synthetic leather for great ball feel.MIDSOLE: Innovative Nike Jr. Support sockliner does mirror the natural junior athlete`s foot shape and provides great support and low-profile cushioning.OUTSOLE: Molded rubber, innovative Vapor traction pattern designed especially for speed on artificial turf.A lightweight performance boot built for the junior player. For use exclusively on indoor surfaces.Synthetic leather upper for stability and excellent ball feel.Template molded and contoured to prevent slipping and provide extra cushioning and comfort.Phylon midsole for cushioning three quarters.Vapor traction pattern optimized for speed and acceleration.Contoured mold that reproduces the shape of the foot for superior fit.Rubber outsole for traction and stability low profile during the match.Outsole for Indoor competition (IC) made &#8203;&#8203;of materials no markings and features to help enhance movement and traction.", "My daughter is happy with this shoes for school !!!! I always buy NIKE shoes. Fit her well, runs actual size.", "The tiempo are actually better than the latest adidas shoes. I think the stud placement is a good compromise between perf and comft", "My son really likes these socks.  He says they fit well and provide support and comfort on the court in his basketball shoes.", "I love the way these sneakers look on my little man.  They are so cute and sturdy.  I recommend these to anyone that likes style.", "I ordered these in a boys 7 (which is also a mens 7) for my ten year old son who has wide feet. They fit himamazin and seem to keep his feet warm. (definately keeps them dry....but we will see how warm they are once wehave a foot of snow.  My son is getting to the age where boots are not cool and they try to sneak out of the housewearing runners - but these with these they are light weight enough and a cool style that he wears them withouthesitation!  Great product!", "My son wanted these boots for christmas and byt he time i got to the stores they were gone! I ordered from Amazon and I couldntbe more happier, as well as my son! they fit perfecra nd are in good shpae 5 months later! now thats a first formy 9 yr old!!", "Perfect for the snow. Great color and keep your feet warm and dry in the snow. I brought it for my son for school and he wore it the whole winter.", "These shoes are perfect for the muddy/snowy/rainy weather :-) I got them for for my daughter and myself and am very happy. Low price, and arrived quick too!", "The shoes are great, my boyfriend ordered them for me on Valentine's day and i got them on the 22nd. The shoes looks exactly like the picture,  and fix my feet great. I highly recommend buying from this company. &#10084;", "My wife likes these boots, especially for the price they also fit as shown on the website. We are happy with our purchase.", "Do these shoes come in purple? Im sure I saw these shoes on Zappos and they were in the color purple.", "My daughter loved them, but they were too small.  I will however keep them and give them to my sister.  I have already ordered the correct size for my daughter.  I appreciate the prompt delivery.  thank you... :)", "A great shoe for working out or knocking around.  Very comfortable and durable.  I recomment this product to anyone looking for a work out shoe", "I love Nike Pegasus and have worn the 27s and the 28s. I love the color selection with the 29s, but I will be honest, I love the 28s better. These shoes seem like they offer less cushioning and aren't as durable as the 28s. For me I like a lot of cushioning so I don't love these. I actually wear the 28s when I work on the floor as a nurse and I am the only person who doesn't complain of their feet hurting. I have run one half marathon in these and while my feet weren't in a lot of pain, I was able to notice a difference between the two models.", "This product arrived early, and when worn it is very very comfortable to wear anywhere you want to go. Nice foot padding.", "The sneakers are great and the company was timely on getting this product to my home.  I had a great experience.", "I love this style shoe. I own six pair. I'm having to hunt them on Amazon and Ebay now since the style has changed. I wish Nike wouldn't change styles so often.", "Fit perfectly.  Great to use on the road.", "Great shoes for trail running. Stable and well cushioned. I do medium runs of about 4 miles but it is up and down hills and around the lake.", "Not only did i love this shoe, i bought two additional pairs when i found my size and color. It is the most comfortable shoe i have ever purchased. i only found one thing wrong; i wish the tongue was padded. The size was perfect and, although i no longer run, it makes a great walking shoe. i heartily recommend this product.", "These are abosulety perfect. Super light, incredibly comfortable, they're as gorgeous as you see in the picture. I have absolutely no complaints.", "I have picky feet and waited decades for Nike to roll out proper wides. Finally, they did and they work great. I bought a second pair before I needed to.", "Probably the most comfortable shoes i have ever had. Tried to another pair, but they no longer had my size (13-4e)", "Great sneaker. Ordered the wide width.. Regular nikes tend to run narrow. These fit perfect!", "I bought these after buying Brooks running shoes because the Brooks tended to squeeze my toes at the top.  These are comfortable while running and haven't had any problems at all.", "I was looking for a comfortable pair of wide width running sneakers although I use them for speed walking. These really fit the bill. These sneakers are light and comfortable on my feet which allows me to speed walk comfortably. My toes aren't scrunched in but have room to move. I would buy these again.", "Very comfortable, good support. I have wide feet and this fits very well. True to size. Would purchase again.", "I did not purchase these through Amazon, but I love these shoes. Most Nike shoes are cut narrow, but these have plenty of room in the front of the shoe and great cushion in the heel.", "I've been looking for a shoe that will support my leg. Ever since my injury in 2012, I've been afraid to even take a jog, let alone get back to running. I got my first Pegasus a few months back and I'm impressed with the lightness of the shoes and the support they give me. I wear them everywhere, all the time.  Truly a win win.", "This is a very thin t-shirt. I wasn't expecting it to be this thin when ordering it but that's okay. It was still really nice. Perfect for running. Bought this as a gift.", "Excellent article, fulfills my expectations of purchase. I have used two types of land, cement and have a further deterioration of course, but their behavior is excellent wood.", "This is a good shoe, and would get 5-stars if it provided more support. I would not recommend it for underpronators or people used to the Asics Gel Kayano.Pros:LIGHTWEIGHT. This is THE lightest shoe I have ever worn in my life. It easily adds 1-2 inches to my vertical jump just form the shoes alone (not sure if due to weight, or the lunarlon).Excellent cushioning: it absorbs nearly all impact.Comfortable and fits true to sizeLooks pretty good (although the black is more of a dark charcoal gray)Cons:Doesn't provide stability like a Kayano. You will still experience some pronation/rollNot great for sprinting. Best for a jog/run.", "These shoes are very nice, and they also allow a lot of support for your feet. I would recommend these to everyone who needs or wants a new pair of shoes.", "The shoes arrive at my house today on time but shoes color is alot different than the picture. The shoes that arrived is lighter purple in colour and i't and does fit properly. I ordered 9.5 which is my shoes size but i needed size 10 for a proper fit. It is light and comfortable but not the colour i was expecting.", "I love love my new shoes. They are of very good quality, comfortable, lightweight and very nice. In summary, excellent running shoes", "I love these they fit perfect And look BEAST The shipping price could go down a little but still Are great", "I purchased this t-shirt for my husband because he loves the Nike brand. I was super satisfied when I received because not only it was the color I was expecting but it was a very nice and light tshirt. He loved it. It arrived on time.", "I've had many pairs of Nike Comfort flips over the years and I've always been happy. They are simply the most comfortable flips I've ever worn.The style of the shoe is sporty, and that's all the Comfort ones come in. Sporty isn't my style, but I wear these anyway because they feel so great. It's like a tempurpedic for my feet.I wear them everyday when I get home from work and one pair lasts me about 2 years. I got a pair for a friend and she walks on the insides of her feet so the toe area cushion became flat on hers quicker. I guess it just depends on how hard you are on your shoes but in my experience, these flips are good and durable.My only complaint is I wish they were more water resistant. The squishy part of the shoe is covered in some sort of a fabric, not plastic. I'd say it feels comparable to those squishy wrist rests at the computer store. Not a huge inconvenience at all, especially for the way they feel.", "Great pricevery comfortablelook great too!would highly recommend them to anyone on their feet a lot.  They are amazing!", "These flip flops are amazing.  It is like walking on jelly clouds.  The cushions absorb the shock as you walk and you can walk for hours.  When I am walking all day, I normally wear a good tennis shoe with arch support for comfort.  I have found that these flip flops provide the same support and comfort.  Also there is no rubbing between the toes like most flip flops.  It is a great fit.", "This sandal was the most comfortable one besides my Birkenstocks thanks Nike for adding the memory foam I have had 14 ankle surgeries and I will buy these every year very comfy", "These were purchased as a gift for my mother. She has not stopped raving about them ever since she got them. Two months later, she still claims they're the most comfortable sandles she's ever owned.", "My daughter and a friend both have this sandal and I coulldn't believe how comfortable it was. Of course the Nike name you can't go worng with that. The shoe fits perfectly for my foot and c an be worn all day without discomfort.I am happy with my purchase.", "These sandals are like walking on a cloud! Bought them to wear to Disney and I wore them all day and my feet felt great!", "They're comfortable and wear well, I've got several pair that I wear at home or anywhere I have to walk a lot.  Very nice to walk in.  They're nothing fancy, but they are nice, sturdy flip flops.  I've gotten my money's worth, no doubt about it.", "This is not a flimsy flip flop.  Comfortable and cushy while feeling sturdy.  Wish it came in more colors, but the black goes with everything.  My daughter had a pair of these and that's how I noticed them and wanted a pair.  Not a big Nike fan, but these are great.", "Comfortable sandle, great for giving your foot a break after a run or a game or just because.  Almost like a slipper.", "These are by far the best flip flops ever!  Every Spring I look for them and am willing to pay full price because I wear them so much.", "They are sized to large.  So when I wear them they don't want to stay on my feet every well..", "These sandals are simply comfortable, are padded and recommend it to all the girls, I have several I love my", "The shoes are very comfortable. Better than the cheap pairs. Feels like you're walking on pillows. Great for everyday walking and also by the pool.", "I bought a size bigger than I normally would as some reviewers pointed out and it fitted perfectly! They're very comfortable to wear.", "These are the most comfortable flip flops I have found. I favor these over tennis shoes to walk in anytime.", "I love these sandals!! They are the best and I bought four pairs and one for my pregnant friend.  They are so comfortable to walk around town on really hot days.", "FINAL UPDATE july 2013: Downgrading from 4 stars to 3,5 stars ..... issue about laces loops ...Update (29-04-2012): Now you can find this same sneakers with clay sole which should make them perform much better on clay.Nike courtballistec has gained a solid reputation of being very good because they have great flexibility, durability and feet support.Review of main characteristics expected from these tennis shoes:1. Comfort:  These tennis shoes doesn't need a break in period. Just from the first time them feel SUPERB. Great out of the box!. Padding at the toes and cushioning in the heel is absolutely great. Rating: 5/5.2. Weight: Feel really light.  Rating: 4,7/5.3. Stability: Very good, outstanding. Rating: 4,6/5.4. Traction: Uhmmm, I have been using them mostly on clay surface and I am very disappointed. These sneakers are slippery in humid clay. Rating: 3,0/5.  But I think them are good on hard surface (4,0/5).For spectacular traction on clay I still prefer Yonex Power Cushion SHT 307 Mens Tennis Shoes. Also I thinkadidas Men's Barricade 6.0 Tennis Shoehave better traction on clay.5. Durability: No doubt, long lasting tennis shoes. They come with a 6 month outsole limited warranty. Rating: 5/5.  When playing on red clay these get that color really easy and them are a little bit difficult to clean again.6. Ventilation: Very good. You won't feel your feet hot. Rating: 4,5/57. Price: Above other similar options and of course you pay for the brand, Rating: 3,8/5.8. Appearance: Awesome. Rating 4,5/5.BIG Con:-Laces loops break with time and there is no way to fix them. The only solution is to drill a hole above the place where the loop was (see pic.). This has happen with two (2) pairs of shoes I have bought.Sizes: I use 9,5 and these fit me ok, BUT beware with width because there are some complains and width foot players must test courtballistec carefully.I think these are amazing tennis shoes for the amateur, advanced, semipro or pro tennis player. Tennis instructors will love them because besides comfort, durability makes them attractive.P.S: I am an intermediate-advanced tennis player (NTRP: 4,5 level*); I like technical aspects about racquets, strings, tennis shoes and tennis accessories. Nowadays I am playing 80% of my time on clay surface and 20% on hard courts. I play 10-12 hours per week.I have other tennis items reviews, maybe can be useful 4 u.Votes are welcome .... If you wish ...*If you want to know your tennis level visit: National Tennis Rating Program at the USTA web site.", "Brand new crisp pair of shoes. I was happy to receive exactly how it shows in the picture. The colors were fresh and bright as new.", "Had looked everywhere for navy blue on white. These days there are too many funky colors and not everyone likes that. Very happy with this purchase. They do tend to run large so I ordered 1/2 size smaller than normal which was perfect.", "I found these shoes to be excellent for walking even though they are \"basketball\" shoes.they provide a good fit and excellent support", "Bought this pair of Nike Air Force 1's for my new son-in-law. He was thrilled to get them. His brother told me that I had excellent taste in shoes :)  Plan to buy more Nike's in the future, but had a hard time finding his size 10.5's.  This pair is advertized as white/NAVY, but they are actually white/OBSIDIAN, which means white/BLACK, but the shoes still look amazing.  Wanted white/BLUE, but couldn't find them in his size. I'll just have to keep looking.  I also really enjoyed the ease of ordering on line and the quick delivery service.", "The shoe kind of fits small to the size...especially on the width.......hopefully it will open up.....otherwise its a good shoe for running......", "Ordered this shoe for my 12 yr. old son and couldn't be more happy.  It's lightweight, supportive and, best of all, no tongue to worry about sliding to the side when he does his workouts.  My son hasn't worn any other shoe since he received them.  He says they feel like slippers!", "I wanted running shoes so i can begin and improve my running, and i wanted nike shoes because i loved how they looked, i saw this one was on sale and i loved it from the moment i saw it, i bought it and it fits perfectly, looks very stylish too, i would recommend this shoe to a lot of you stylish runners.", "I've only worn them to work - no recreation.  Forgot I had them on ---- so that's a good thing with shoes", "I got these for my mom and she loves them. They seem to be keeping true to the great quality of past Frees. I haven't found a pair of Nike Frees that I or anyone I know haven't liked.  They are comfortable and nice shoes", "Loving these shoes! Light weight but substantial support. I wear flip flops every day and these feel so good on my feet for &#34;real&#34; shoes.", "My step son wears these for every football game. He says they fit perfect and do not hurt his feet. They have held up great under the strain of a 13 year old boy who is 180lb and 5 foot 11. Would def. recommend this product to others.", "My other tennis shoes were wearing out and I decided to buy these! Could not be happier with this purchase. I am a runner and these are perfect for fit and comfort! You can't go wrong with these. Love the bright color too!", "These shoes are just as expected with ordering Nike running shoes. They are comfortable and fit true to size. Got them for working out at the gym - nothing like a marathon or anything.", "Just OK!", "Perfect fit & so comfortable. I run  everyday so my feet are very sore but these shoes help a lot !", "I'm usually 8.5 size in Nike, but this style runs 1/2 size smaller, reordered it for size 9. Other wise, very comfortable and nice looking shoes which you will not feel while wearing. Love them!", "this was a sneaker i wanted for ever it said i wouldnt get it till 2 more mounths!!! but i got it today this is great!!!", "I have the navy blue and white pair of these as well, and they are my favorite shoes. I wear them to work and they're so comfortable to wear all day long. Great support and cushioning, and theyre pretty lightweight and easy to move around in. They're comfortable right out of the box, without having to break them in, to me, thats a great shoe. These aren't made anymore, so I was so happy to find one of the last pairs in my size, right here. These shoes are true to size and width. Im very happy with this purchase!", "It was ok. I thought at first that were more stronger but finally were light leather. thank you to all....", "A trendy yet comfortable pair of shoes. Had worn for months yet still in good shape. I would recommend it", "Mh.htd,ht idrt,yt kyyl kgu. LuU luyfYi lutly jyckdyt khfhg khfkhgc khfdh jgfyrx kgfk mhfdht mhfd,htd ngf&;) mhfdh,f khtd", "The shoes are great, and fit exactly as we anticipated. They are really great shoes and great quality and also came quickly!", "Purchased as a gift for my son. They fit and look great. He said they were exactly what he had wanted.", "Fits well, the material is softer than I thought it would be. My husband really liked it (early Valentine's Day present). Nice fit. My husband is 6'2\" and wears medium to large in t-shirts; I bought him the large, since it's a jacket.", "These are my husband's favorite shoes! The black and blue color contrast makes for a stylish shoe that can be worn with a variety of clothing choices. Shoes fit comfortably and have not worn down after repeated wear. Would definitely recommend if you don't have a pair of these Nike's you buy 2.", "Shoes fitted perfect  they arrived on time and was as described. Would buy again", "Having a job where I am on my feet all day, usually on cement floors, proper shoe fit and construction are very important to me. I have tried all the major brands, and Air Force 1 Nike's fit better and last longer than any of the competition.", "The shoes are nice, comfortable, and stylish. They are also made of good quality. Although I do agree that they are a bit expensive, I think it's worth the product. I paid for what I got. Very satisfied, I would recommend them to anyone :)", "These sneakers are adorable with the usual great Nike quality. The laces are a bit flemsy but can easily be replaced. My daughter loves them!!!", "This shoes are comfortable and I have to say the color is bright but I can were them with any color of clothing .", "Item Great color, fit , Price, fast shipping husband loved them great for walking will definitely recommend to any one interested in buying !!!!", "This article was a great deal, I hope to find others in the future like this. .This brand is one of the best and its products are very goods", "I am super excited to give these to my son!! They are even cooler in person then in the photo! Buyer beware when ordering any Jordan shoes, another sale site has a great way to tell if they are fake or not, check it out, print it off and buy away! Its what I do to ensure we are getting the real deal without spending $200+ per pair!! These are the real deal", "i love these shoes so much. first of all they fit really well. and the colors well need i say more.", "I love this sneakers. They are very comfortable and have excellent grip on the court. I highly recommend this sneaker", "son is very happy...got what we expected and quickly too!!!  We would purchase again from this contact. positive experience. thank you", "I was impressed just on the packaging alone....What!?  3 drawers with seperate compartments!  What?! I almost feel like not wearing the shoes....So Dang pretty!  fits perfect...and it feels good wearing it!  Must have on anybody's list of shoes!~  A keeper!!!", "The pants fit perfectly.  I love them for golf since they have deep pockets. I would recommend buying them. I wish they came in more neutral colors.", "I bought two pairs of these Nike Golf Tech Sporty Shorts for my 13/14 year old daughter who is a Jr. golfer. These short are great fitting, comfortable, they wear well and launder better. Since they are easy to pack, we take the two pairs when we travel for tournaments. They are a little pricey but are worth the buy. We have a bone color and black and will probably purchase more as she grows.", "The shoe is well made and my son loves the style.  The price was better than anywhere else, and thankfully, they had it in a size 14, which many sites don't.", "I got this pair at Foot Locker for 69.99. Another Nike product you can compare it to is the Free Run and Free Run 2. The three shoes are geared towards running. The Huarache is light, and only about an ounce heavier than the Free Run 2. In my opinion the added heal support is what makes them heavier, but its too little to notice. I run around my neighborhood so the heal support makes all the difference. The comfort is excellent and my feet can't tell they are breaking in new shoes (no blisters). I got these specifically for running, but I can see myself getting another pair for casual wear. I recommend them, they are a good product.", "These are among my favorite shoes of all time. In general, putting these shoes on takes some getting used to, but once upon your feet, they have to be the most comfortable shoes I've ever worn.", "They were for mi kid, but i like them pretty much, and think he like them also. Good sneakers I think", "I like these shades, fit perfect the tint is way cool. Though, when I bought these I was under the impression I was going to recieve a case with them. Oh well. They won't need a case they not coming off.", "I live in Wyoming and we don't have the luxury of having out streets plowed or sidewalks shoveled so these LIVE on my feet! Just an FYI, you should invest in some odor powder because these are waterproof, which keeps my feet nice and dry, but my feet STANK after taking them off. Easy fix... Take a shower :)", "What size is the shoe? i am very interested but cant go through without knowing the size of the shoes", "this is an awesome shoe. it is good looking would like to buy these but what is the show size?", "This was a gift and it's for someone that has a hard time finding shoes.  They fit well and were very comfortable from the start.  The recipient commented that they feel extremely light on his feet. They look great on a very large foot.", "I bought these at a Nike outlet store for $30 and it was a great buy! These shoes are very comfortable and provide a lot of much needed support (I'm a round lady!). They're great for every day wear and for working out. I love that they're Nike + compatible so that I can track my workouts for myself and for my doctor.", "light weight comfortable shoe. easy to keep clean just wipe with a damp terry cloth towel. my favorite shox shoe yet.", "Nike shoes are the only shoes I would ever be comfortable ordering online and as always they did not disappoint.", "Its just what I ordered. They were in the official Nike box and everything. They have a nice gold/yellow finish.", "I love these shoes they are very comfortable and look great. They can in the right size and they can within 4 days from when I put my order in.", "Really like the quality, comfort and design of this Air Max.  In fact, I couldn't be happier with it and would recommend them to another person who was interested.", "My 4th pair, all different shox - love those shoes. I use them in- and outdoor, the best training shoes I ever bought.", "My preteen son wears these sneakers as \"dress sneaks\".  They are flashy without looking gawdy.  He gets a lot of compliments on their look and he claims that they are both very comfortable and very easy to clean.  He does not wear these to play sports in--just as his dressy tennis shoes.", "I ordered for my daughter and they arrived in great condition. I gave to my daughter and she stated that they are perfect and she loves to wear them.", "I love this shoe. It is roomy and very comfy. Colors are awesome. You get what you pay for with this shoe. True fit.", "I really like the shoe I but the leather stretch so they don't fit as well as I would like them to.", "These are the best running shoes I have ever had. They are well made and super light weight. They run about a half size smaller than I normally wear,  so purchase them a half size bigger and they should fit perfect.", "Have run in this shoe before! Excellent shoe for longer runs! Fits true too size! Would but this shoe again.", "I saw these and was so excited! they came and were even more beautiful than I expected! They fit perfect, in pristine condition, and came early even. were a little spend for me but 100% worth the extra cash! Buy these if they have your size!! So worth it! all i hear when i wear them is how great they look.", "Most comfortable tennis shoe that I have ever worn.  I plan to buy additional pairs in other colors.  However, the price is cheaper on finishline.com", "The shoes fit good and everybody liked them I got a lot of compliments on them they were prompted to come", "The product has a good quality, fits well and fulfill any expectation. Product recommended for everyone who likes nice shoes in this category.", "The shoes are very comfortable, but Nike should be a little more generous with more room in the foot-bed. After a month, they have worn in nicely and have maintained their comfort level.", "I Brought this for my boyfriend who works-out hard and sweats profusely. This fit well and keeps him comfortable. I will will definitely be purchasing more of these.", "There is no size given for this shoe. This is the second pair of shoes I liked and there was not a size listed!", "I bought this shirt as a birthday gift for my son.  He loved it and the fit was just perfect.", "great shorts for golf, only wore them in 90 + degree weather, and they did not stick to the body as cotton shorts do.", "I love this shoe. its a hard to find and even though the price is high it is worth the buy. I hope he can get more.", "I love 2011 air max tennis shoes by NIKE. They are extremely comfortable for regular wear and walking. I have three pairs and had to get my husband some. The material is much more supportive compared to the mesh that the new air max tennis shoes are made of, and they look good. Very SATISFIED!", "great shoe and for the price i paid and the color i wanted will go great with my boston bruins stuff thank you and box in perfect case", "I recieved boots in time. Amazon is amazing when it comes to service  however the boots weren't the color I was expecting.  I wanted the shiny black boots for work.  These boots are very comfortable just the wrong shade of black.  Returning them was easy. Amazon is the best.", "I could do what I do without comfy feet. This boots make life better and my feet don't hurt one bit", "This looks like a great product and would love to give it a great rating..expect I can't buy it since they only have 2 sizes!! I need a size 12 or 13 and all they have is 8 and 8.5. I been checking in for a week straight. please bring more options. Can't wait to give it a 5 star..maybe...someday..", "Great pair of boots. My son love them. They look great and are comfortable. It arrive fast and it was well pack.", "I wanted to get boots for hiking/backpacking.  While there are other alternative brands that specialize in that area I wanted boots that felt like sneakers while at the same time being able to handle the outdoor abuse. Also, while I was willing to spend a bit of money I did not want to spend hundreds of dollars for a pair. Therefore, I came upon these boots.  First, the TT material is very good for rugged outdoor hiking and although it picks up a lot of dirt (to be expected in that terrain) it's also easy to wash off.  All I do after every hike is run the boots in some water and use a brush. Second, the comfort is very good, not just for boots but also shoes. I like to wear boots because I like the ankle support they provide. I wear dress boots, casual boots, and combat boots and the Goadomes are in my opinion the most comfortable of them all.  When you first put them on you feel like you've gain 3 inches but when you start walking there is a Nike Air Max sneaker feeling you get.  Those who own or worn Nike Air Max's knows what I'm talking about.  This feeling in my mind was comforting provided I like to go on hikes where my flat feet will get abused.  The only cons I can find is that they are pretty rugged boots so they will be heavier than your pair of sneakers.  Also, I've only had them for less than a month so I don't know how durable they will be.  However, I would like to disclose that I've worn the Goadomes twice while carrying my son on a 2 mile hike up a mountain 1,500 ft in elevation and worn them once on a 17 mile hike with 35 lbs of gear up 10,500 ft in elevation.  The boots came out fine.  I've used them to kick rocks, debris, and acorns out of the way, just abusing them with no care and so far, so good.  I love these boots so much I might buy a second pair just to wear around casually.  Finally, you will not be able to get this price for this boot anywhere but Amazon.  I think you can use this boot for anything, hiking, working, casual wear etc...  Buy the Goadome TT, you won't regret it.", "Very comfortable and good looking boots.  Scuff resistant and great for all seasons/activities. If you love the Goadome line this is a quality purchase", "Very comfortable boots that are as easy on the eyes as they are on the feet. The non-scuff surface is top-notch. I've owned two pairs and use them when riding my motorcycle. Plainly put...excellent footwear!", "So true to most,  this shoe was the right length but required two liners to fill up the space enough to lace my foot so that it did not slide to the front.  After 3 months of intermittent wear they stretched out so I could no longer lace them snug enough so someone else got to enjoy them.", "My son bought this sweatshirt, good quality and its nice and warm.  He is very happy with it and would by another.", "These shoes are amazing, they were delivered in about 2 days, 4 days ahead of schedule. I get at least 3 compliments a day about how amazing and how cool they look, everybody wants a pair like these. Great comfort, great fit, lightweight, everything you could want in a shoe. Amazing I would totally recommend.", "Shoes look awesome, i always get at least one complement but its little tight for broad feet. Great vibrant color , very light and unique.", "Very nice original jordan tennis low price and very elegant, good for my collection of jordan tennis. I really like being low.", "I love this shoe, very comfortable, very durable and they came fast.  A must have for any Charles barkley fan. Takes me back to the 90s!", "The sneakers are very cute. They are exactly as described and they arrived before the estimated delivery date. All in all these are very comfortable kicks. Just note that they're kinda narrow.So if you have wide feet get a half size bigger or its death to the pinky toes. lol", "I bought these else ware for less $ but they are comfortable shoes good insole d ring lasing suede so very hard to clean but very nice pair of sneaker boots .", "I just ran a half last weekend in these and they are the best! Wore my buff over my ears and the arms did not hurt or press into my head any! They are stylish enough to wear out and can't wait to wear them on the boat this summer! A+", "I had got the product on time and figured out that it is excellent prodruct and very beatfull. i would recommend it.", "My previous experience with various Nike products wasn't good, I would never consider Nike because of the poor quality,  the Nike Skylon Sunglasses are different, I look at it as an exception, this one instance has not change my view of Nike, but I am a fair guy, I have to give Nike an A++ for their Skylon Sunglasses, they are the only type of sunglasses I can wear all day long on a golf course, no distortion, very light,  very comfortable, one of the best sunglasses in my possession.", "very lightperfect vision while runningI am perfectionist and this sunglasses are really good for training  . I recommend them", "This sun glasses is very durable and works for running. I ran with it all the time. It doesn't move or fall when you are wearing it. The glass itself is very clear and nice. They look good and make you look good. I would recommended this to anyone who needs a sun glasses.", "These shoes are gorgeous! The colors are even prettier in person. My son has found these fit true to size as well.", "I ordered these shoes and although they were very expensive when I recieved them I fell in love. The feel good on my feet and they look great! I have gotten many compliments.", "Best shoes to play in very light. I would buy them again. I highly recommend this shoe. Very comfortable. Great grip on the hard wood.", "Excellent customer service.They are ready to help you at anytime. And care about your issue you have.ThanksMiles", "Got this for my 16 year old son, who is a Michael Jordan fanatic. It was a gift for Christmas, and the way his face lit up when he opened this gift was absolutely priceless. They fit him great and feel very comfortable.", "Very nice and comfortable Nike shoes. Light and unusual coloring , looking special. Got them at a great price too.", "I bought these for vacation and they are great - good fit and very comfortable for walking all day! They look good with jeans as well as yoga pants, these shoes have good support and feel well made.", "Great wallet for my son for christmas. He loved it. It is a high quality product that will last a long time.", "Product is nice and very light weight. Good quality leather and seems to be bike to withstand years of use. The only downside to this product is that there is no slot dedicated to your license. This can get annoying as when you have a need to show your drivers license you'll have to fumble around and pick the card out of the slot. Having that in mind if that doesn't bother you ( it didn't me) this is a fantastic wallet.", "I bought this for a nephew for Christmas. It looked very well made, and we both were happy with it.", "Comes in attractive packaging. Replaced my boyfriend's similar Nike wallet which he had for about 10 years. This wallet is not too bulky and fits the basics you would need.", "This product is very nice quality of leather. It is perfect for the athletic man. I would recommend this product to anyone.", "Got this as a gift for my boyfriend.He liked it a lot. Said the leather was nice.Hes had it for 2 months now, and looks brand new.So great i decided to review it! It's a good buy, great gift idea!", "Great size wallet.  It's nice & light and won't weigh down your pockets.  Holds most of the items you need unless you carry a lot of store cards.  Consider an alternative (phone apps, something else to hold store cards) before buying.", "I loved the colors.  The fact that I can wear a sneaker in crappy weather without ruining them great.  The rugged bottom and the fact that they are water proof makes them perfect for fall and early winter", "I got this pair of shoes because of the snow. I needed something that look cool and were water resistant. And they did an excellent job. Really recommend them.", "really happy with these, perfect shoe to pop on after the ski hill, nice looking, even wear out to dinner.  Great buy.", "I love Nike Air-Force ones as they are classy, timeless, and beautiful. Compared to other styles Air-Force 1's have managed to stay relevant for nearly 20 years. These green, black, and white AF1's are going to make a welcome addition to my royal blue one, whites, and soon to be new reds (feeling kind of patriotic with July 4th around the corner). They fit great, and were flawless out of the box and looked better in person than online.", "As always the best pair of shoes than I have used. That is my fifth purchase and I love it. Always I recommend this model of shoes and the supplier.", "Shipping sucked. Didnt get it till the very last day it was supposed to. i even tracked it and it didnt move for a day or more. real lousy. Love these kicks though. Low top Huaraches are have that free run feel. The hightop bball huaraches are on a whole different level. Extremely comfortable and ready to go. trained and worked out in them and no pain what so ever. Glad i found these shoes in my size. if it had different colors id buy more. TONS of compliments.4*s for shipping", "Authentic from merchant.  Comfortable easy to break in and looks awesome.  At first I thought they looked weird but they grew on me.  Look awesome and go with a lot.  I use my sneakers for wear, not to play ball.  These just are eye droppers in my opinion.Buy these, if you have extra cash get extras..", "I Love these shoes, glad they had my size. Nike rookie zoom next best shoes to the foamposite, probably better.", "My wife uses it to run. She jsut uses this jacket and one long sleeve undegament from 22 degrees to 40 degrees. She can adjust the ventialation with the zipper. She loves it. We run aproximatly 5 miles 3 times a week in NJ. The male version is ok but It seems to be a different material not as nice as the woman's", "None now live who remember... It began with the forging of the great shoes. Three pairs were given to the media, on going, willing to shill for the companies. Seven to the CEOs, great magicians, able to squeeze money from the poor and get it to the rich. And nine, nine pairs were gifted to the celebrities, who above all else desired fame, and the illusion they set trends and were better than the world.But they were all of them deceived for another pair of shoes was made. In the land of Vietnam, in the factories of sadness. The dark Lord Mark Parker forged in secret a master pair of shoes, to control all others and into this pair, he poured his cruelty, his malice, and his will to dominate all life. One shoe to rule them all.It was lost to time... Until now, when Amazon found the pair and had no idea what they held... The power they felt though was real... And $3,000 seemed right and fair.", "I was thrilled to find that with the discount, I could get these shoes for just $1500 - $1500 for the left shoe and another $1500 for the right. I bought the right one for now. It's so cool that no one even notices the worn-out 5-year-old Wal-Mart shoe on my left foot. My walk is a little off balance, and my knees and hips are getting a bit swore from the unmatched pair, but I'll put up with a lot to look this awesome!", "These by far are more fitting than my crocodile high tops, and they go with everything in my wardrobe unlike my Tommy Hill figure whale loafers. The next time I am in the Blood Market all the Dimond vendors will surely be drooling!", "These shoes were not really any more comfortable than my old l.a. gear hi-tops and I felt somewhat foolish for spending 3k on them. So I decided to drink my sorrows away. On my second six pack I was struck with an epiphany...why not shove my beer bottle in the shoe. I was right. The foamposite material keeps my beer cool for several minutes and is the best beer coosy I've ever used. Trust me I've used many. One tip for other users is not to run a 10k in the shoes before using as a coosy as all my beer seemed to develop an overly skunky aroma.", "I'm a trained PILOT for chrissakes yet this still happened to me. It could happen to you.After I placed my feet into the cockpit, I felt the power of these amazing shoes coursing through my veins. I took two steps and jumped into the the lofty heights. They threw me backward then forward with the grace of a epileptic eagle. I felt the magic of sizzling through my souls, enveloping me in a magical inferno. Up! Up into the lofty heights I would dwell (if only for a moment) with the Winged Goddess of Victory herself!Then I screamed as the stink of burning athlete's foot assaulted by olfactory lobe. I fell straight on my face before I ever even flew. It is then that I noticed the way small &#34;Remove Before Flight&#34; tag. Another dream. Unrealized.Curse you, Nike. Curse you.", "With these shoes, I am going to try out for the next NBA draft and be the biggest sensation since Linsanity! I will be the King and LeBron will grovel at my awesome moves and hang time! Phil will be begging me to play his triangle offense and lead the Knicks to a championship! Jordan will give me a piece of the Bobcats just to get me to play for his team. All the endorsement deals will make it worthwhile for me to sell my house just to get these shoes!", "Sure, I had to repo my car. And sure, I sold my son to an up and coming celebrity couple (they thought he was from China). But everything happens for a reason, right? Not everyone can hide their shame behind the stars on their shoes. BUT I CAN.", "I'm an amputee, so the seller was willing to cut me a deal on just the one shoe! 50 bucks off, baby! Now I can hop faster and higher than I ever could! Thanks, Nike! Those kids sure know how to make a shoe.", "I was able to solve multiple problems with these awesome shoe: One, I was not motivated to go to the gym with cheaper shoes and now I standout; Two, I overcame my inhibitions about taking money out of the basket when it was passed at church so I could take care of my needs first. Three, I was able to get a good price for my children on E-Bay so I can have back up pairs of shoes.  Fashion and Fitness come before food and family!  Toodles!", "Lol! Love these reviews ;) They must be fantabulous to be $3, 000.00. & Sold out, ;) Guess I better work, so popular they'll be $6, 000.00 ;)", "OMG this is PERFECT!! I have been trying to get my stepson to like me for over 12 years! No matter what I do I can never get his respect. But that is all going to change thanks to these wonderful, beautiful shoes!!!Day in and day out as he and his friends come through the house, they're always dogging each other about who has better shoes, although I can never tell the difference bc they all wear their pants so low that their boxers show. And I don't really understand why, because all the music they ever listen to is rap music about killing for shoes but, oh well, whatever. When he gets these shoes, he's going to be the envy of all his friends!!! HE IS GOING TO LOVE ME!!", "I sold my children to get these, but I can walk proud because my feet look great. The corns and chaffing these trainers gave me doesn't take away from the fact that my feet look like they are in their own universe.I can walk to my kids new parents house and feel confident that I have the best and most expensive shoes in the town", "My unborn son will realize why I traded him for these and will applaud me when he is older. Best decision ever", "As a primate with large feet, I figured Nike would make a large enough size for me. Not! Ordered the largest size they had and my toes still broke through the top! Do you know how long I waited near Mt. Rainer for these??And how many times I had accost the postman to make sure that I got my shoes?? Not worth the effort. I am now salmon fishing with them. - Bigfoot", "Sweet Mephistopheles, these buskins wear devilishly thin,Some new footwear today, fetch me somein the new style, I think!", "At last, something to perfectly complement my $667 double-layered mesh and crepe Gucci T-shirt, my $810 Armani Anti-Fit Dark Wash Jeans and my $410 Prada wallet. Perfect way to dress if you don't want to look as if you are trying too hard.", "Not only are these shoes extra fly, they also take you to Narnia. All you have to do is wait until Wednesday, put them on, go into a closet and close your eyes, before you know it, BAM! you're there. Soon you'll be frolicking through magical meadows with Tumnus.", "I had the choice between going to Florida to meet the love of my life and spend the rest of our lives together in the most amazing of relationships, or purchasing these fabulous shoes.So OBVIOUSLY I went with the shoes. I really don't understand why she broke up with me for this, but I regret nothing because I have these shoes, and she does not. I think she was just jealous. I'm sure she'll come back to me.", "I bought these in the hope they would get me laid but where's the rest of the space suit? Should have spent money on a hooker instead.My virginity remains intact, good job I ordered the buzz lightyear suit, it's not over yet...", "Living in the city I've always found it challenging to grow an aloe Vera plant. Those terracotta pots are okay, but the material is solid and non obsorbant so frequent watering is a must. I've lost hours of my life watering plants that I can never get back. Then I saw these puppies. I knew the foamposite material would be ideal for long term hydration. I put my aloe plants in each shoe and it's like magic! I only water them once a month now because the foamposite holds excess water that slowly seeps into the dirt. Plus, there is so much room in the toes I know my plants have years of root growth before they will need a larger size. You may criticize me for the price, but to me, you can't put a price tag on healthy plant. Especially one that soothes sunburn. Highly reccomend for any plant enthusiast!", "I saw these shoes and HAD to have them. So I beat up the punk who was showing them off and took them. It was like a destiny thing, these shoes were my size and i looked fly.Afterward, I put them on and went to play hoops and that's when I found out they had magic powers and stuff. I could start hearing what people were thinking. I was better than lebron. I could dunk like I used to on my nerf hoop at home, and a guy saw me and said he cold hook me up with a scout. I am so EXCITED.Anyway, I'm heading home now and there is this light in the sky flying around that looks cool. Wait, I think it's a space ship or something like that. They are chasing me, I think for my shoes. Help! Someone Cal", "I only had to sell 10 rocks to my homies to get these fresh kicks!  They're so dope! Can't wait till I make the bigs as a gangsta rapper. Then I can buy 10 of these!", "I am headed to the bank to take out a home equity loan to buy these for Mr. Takei.  These would go great with a Star Trek uniform.", "Perfect fit for crushing hopes and dreams! In my job as human resources interviewer we need to find new innovative ways to inflict the most pain to the candidates. With these badasses I can stomp on their resumes just in front of their eyes and send them back home with a resume they can frame and hang on the wall.Only downside is that they need to be washed with babies' tears on a daily basis to preserve the freshness after every crushed dream. Totally worth the buy tho.", "My family left me after I purchased these even after I told them it would be worth it to buy. Their loss. These shoes are not your normal street kickers. Tap them together while wearing them and you are suddenly transported into a place in the universe where everything is wonderful and happy. Sure, the LSD my brother-in-law gave me without my knowledge added to the effect, but now I know all I need is my wonderful new shoes and I need nothing else. So take that, family.", "I sold 10 pints of blood, my arm, and leg for these babies! Well worth the price! Will be wearing them to my funeral.", "Awesome only $997,000 left to spend in the next 30 days and that $300 million is all mine. All I have to do is drop them in one of those homeless people clothes diving donation boxes in the next 29 days and I'm all set. Oh wait I wasn't suppose to tell anyone. I didn't tell any of you this! Don't tell the lawyers or my account, Angela!  ~ Montgomery \"Monty\" Brewster", "You fools go ahead and buy now. I'll laugh all the way to the bank when these sweet kicks show up on the Amazon Gold Box Deal of the Day for a 12% savings. You can't argue with savings.", "At first try-on, I was whelmed. Not overwhelmed, but not underwhelmed either. I figured, eh, I wasn't using all that extra blood plasma anyway, and these shoes seem pretty decent for 3 G's. But imagine my surprise and delight when I was running in terror for my life, relentlessly pursued by those gangs of shoe thieves you hear about on tv these days, and I reached the banks of a river -- to discover I could escape my would-be assailants by WALKING ON WATER. Yes, you heard it here folks: These shoes are the best you'll find this side of the Sea of Galilee. Since my miraculous experience the other day, I've used these babies for a trip to outer space, where I enjoyed Walking on the Moon, before coming back down to earth for a trip South, where I found myself Walking in Memphis. Truly, these shoes were made for walking, everywhere.", "At first I was a little surprised by the hefty $3,000.00 price. But then, I realized Nike must have been good corporate parents and given those children in that third world country who make these lovely gems, a decent cost of living increase, to a full Five Cents per pair to manufacture.  You can't expect the company to lose money on the deal!", "When I first saw these, I knew I had to have them. $3000 for shoes they must be amazing. After all, they were everything one could possibly want in a shoe. Galaxy doo-doo, check! Misty covered soles of mystery, check! Comfort of Godliness, righto! I was working days on end, and ended up using one of those beer-hats for my fix of coffee around the office -  everyone thought I was nuts - but I knew it was worth it, until I found these &#34;NIKE AIR YEEZY 2 NRG Style# 508214 MENS&#34; ... $7000 for a shoe! That's got to be the most amazingest shoe ever!", "It has been an experience just basking in the glow of others' incredible stories in relation to this fine product. I was completely moved. I laughed, cried, and damn near died. This thread should be made into a movie.", "This amazing shoe is a must buy on anybodies list. I got a pair of these and they fit perfectly and are extremely comfortable. It feels like I was running on air. The police had no chance of catching me. I even out ran their police car, I felt like a God. Jesus then appeared in front of me and we wearing the same shoes. I think I cried.", "I just skipped the middle-man and dipped my feet into molten gold !  Cheaper and a much more comfortable fit  !!", "I can tell you now, this is the best shoe ever made, oh my god the comfort and the universe at your feet!, It was well worth our eviction! Sometimes my little child complains if we are ever going to eat or have a roof over our heads again, but it was definitely worth it! It's a must have!", "Some of us would gladly sell our SOLES for a pair of these shoesThe line forms here don't look back take the leap", "I've been trying to beat Slytherin in the House Cup for some time. Recently they've been slaughtering us with their Nimbus 2013 broomsticks and their fabulous trainers. But then I splashed out on a pair of these for everyone in the team.And wow! See how they fly! Not only have we won the house cup, we've also vanquished Voldemort and become VERY popular with the local witches. Let's just say that my wand hasn't been away since I bought them. Worth every GalleonThanks Nike!", "This product is great!!! Usually when I want someone to know I'm a dunce, I wear this big hat with a tip that gets knocked off when I board the bus to my minimum wage job. Then I found these shoes. Now I don't need to wear my hat and worry about buses or low doorways, I can comfortably proclaim what I am. Hurray!!! Nike and Michael Jordon are my heroes.", "When I was a child I asked my mother I would walk on the moon. She replied I'd need a pair of moon shoes and fly to the moon ... 20 years later saw these shoes thinking be best thing ever . Well turns out white man can't jump to the moon whit these on cause of the gravity of these shoes ... So I made a homeless person a very happy he now is a proud owner of moon shoes and turn out white homeless person can jump to the moon if high on drugs .... Worst shoes ever !!!", "They're only available in size 10?!? Just my luck! Here, I have $6,000 in shoe money earmarked for this specific pair, and I wear 12s! Discrimination against me and my gargantuan feet is what this is. I'll sue nike, and they will give me these shoes in my size, and free their slaves. Yes, a victory for me, and the wretched downtrodden! And i want purple laces, too.", "If they sell a bunch of these the little Asian kids that made them in the nice factories get to eat better right? Count me in!", "One more donkey show and these babies are all MINE!!! Vag is kinda hit though. And I walk kinda funny. But SO worth it!!!", "When I was a wittle boy, my mommie was nice. She found me in a garden under a cabbage leaf and weeded me for her very own. By the time I was five I had to wait in the car while she was helping my uncle with his math homework inside the motel. That is when I first saw the blue ribbons on a beer can. Wow, I thought, now there is a fancy thing. After my seventieth uncle passed his math test, it was time to build a rocket out of the blue ribbon cans. I went to the homeless man on 3rd Avenue (he is good at math, mommie said) to ask if he ever was on the moon. He said he wanted to smoke. This one time my auntie smoked, but now she don't because she borrowed too much sugar and had no money so we don't give her sugar no more. I can't touch the sugar because mommie said it is for her and uncle. The straw looks funny on the mirror when the sugar is gone. Getting my new shoes was good because I have low self a steam, mommie says. When the nice uncle man from the amazon motel gave me my shoes I showed all my imaginary friends and they don't care if we have to go to motels when I'm sleepy and only want a krispy kreme. So you can buy these shoes too, cuz your steam might be low too. I can have my uncle bring them to you, but please don't make him do math, cuz you won't like what it does to his pants, I think he might need an operation or visit my auntie maybe, cuz she got low blood sugar now and has to take a court ordered medicine. Have you seen my doggie?", "THESE ARE FAKE SAVE YOUR MONEY THERE NOT THE RIGHT COLOR AND THESE WERE MADE IN CHINA NIKE DONT MAKE SHOES IN CHINA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", "Handles great, really good mpg, cheap tax, great runner, now excuse me while I go and review some really expensive nikes I bought when I was pissed, wore them once to a party dressed as a spaceship also when I was pissed, then got the s*** kicked out of me for looking like a prick and spending 3000 bucks on a pair of shoes, by my mum.", "At first I was like $3000 well that seems a tad over priced, til you put these vagina magnets on. I have never been laid so much! They made my looks, personality, and penis significantly better. So I replaced my avatar on Twitter, Facebook, tinder, pof, ldssingles, match, etc with a picture of just these shoes on my feet. I had to sell my car to get them, but I was like hello I biked around as a kid. So I bought a huffy, and now I have that, AND THE SHOES! Totally worth it, I highly recommend them!", "I was about to laugh at the price of these shoes, but when I saw &#34;100% Authentic&#34; in the description, I knew I had to have them.  Upon receiving these shoes, I threw them on and was instantly taken away to a 100% Authentic dream world of magic, unicorns, wizards and Nike.  I woke up thousands of miles away from my home.  I was covered in glitter and some goo I HOPE wasn't from the unicorn.  Regardless, anyone who can afford it, can get a credit card or has children to sell, you're doing yourself a dis-service by not having these 100% Authentic shoes.  Buy...these...shoes.  100% Authentic.", "Ya dig? I mean, like what better way to influence a cool minority like me than to offer sum kicks with such fly ghood piffness yet such unreachable affordability, u feel me?", "I sold my 13 yr old daughter to an Algerian human trafficker who gladly offered me $3025 for her, so I scored these killer kicks AND ordered a couple pizzas!", "Woman flock to me when they see my $3,000 shoes, I've never been more popular. Giving this 4 stars because thanks to the high price, I can only afford to take these woman out to McDonald's.", "They are no longer available because I bought them all!!!!!!!! Now the world will never know the joy of owning these magic shoes!!!!!", "Yes these shoes may not fit me, but I'll just stuff all the money I'm about to save buying them in the toes. (I'm assuming that because I will look so awesome people will just carry me every where saving me thousands on car insurance, and payments and other car crap...)Is there a wait list?", "These shoes are the s***!  I'm a non athletic white guy who couldn't play basketball to save my life.  I still can't but hey I look great just standing there.One day when I came home from the court walking like a robot so as not to crease my Jesus Christ superstar nikes. I looked at my daughter's busted ass smile and KNEW I had made the right decision when she said \"Daddy, you look like Michael Jordan\".", "Three grand for shoes why I thought they would help me fly, ace interviews to become a doctor without going to college. Mow my lawn for me, stop time, make me invisible and all around awesome but alas they are just super overpriced shoes made to prey on us weak minded.  So I sold my soul to nike cause they keep telling me to \"just do it\" now I wonder what it is they want done?", "Although now living on the streets with my two children, and them asking me constantly &#34;Mummy, when are we going to eat?&#34; I just tell them to keep quiet and appreciate these new sneakers I purchased and how kick-ass they look, they soon shut their mouths and stop complaining.Well worth it! Im the most fashionable tramp living on the streets now!Love them!", "I wanted killer swag and boy did I get it when I bought these magnificent shoes. I blew several men at a local truck stop and took out a high interest installment loan to get them but it was worth it. Sure, my children may have to work in coal mines for the summer to help keep us off the street but look at these stylish shoes... Swag, straight swag. When I put them on my feet, the ghost of Carl Sagan appeared to me and told me all of the secrets of the cosmos while we were smoking a bowl and &#34;Blinded by the Light&#34; was playing softly in the background. Then behold! Jesus appeared to me riding Fluttershy from &#34;My Little Pony&#34;. It was the best night of my life so far. I can't wait to put these on again for another adventure.", "Wow.  We are living in the box those shoes came in now, but my feet look AWESOME! Thank you Nike!  BTW, can you send us some money for food?", "I told my girlfriend's ex-fianc&eacute;' brother that I wanted these shoes because a hobbit came to me in a dream and told me that I could meet Sexy hobbits if I wear the shoes.  He bought them for me and every night, I sleep with one shoe on my foot and the other show on my hand and every night, I get pleasures by a sexy hobbit named Brokebo.  He...damn...I mean she is very good to me.  Thank you Brokebo.", "These super Swag shoes are better than a G6 with Spinners!!  They are so light I feel like I'm flying everywhere I go! They are smart shoes that help me avoid problems - they have already avoided 2 pieces of chewed up bubble gum and 1 steaming pile of dog logs- thats how fly these Air Ones are!!  Good thing l got a pair,  otherwise l would have to hop every where l go!  I would gladly sell my sister again for another pair of these!", "Aren't these the ones the Hale Bopp Comet followers, Heaven's Gate, wore?  They just HAD to be!  Quite the perfect shoe for such a journey.", "I never knew a fairytale could be molded into a shoe.  You no longer need to guess what is at the end of the rainbow, because when you wear these shoes you ARE the rainbow son.  Welcome to OZ, B!  Your Yellow Brick Road is made of 14K Gold thanks to these wearable cloud puffs.", "Now I can justify walking the streets! Which I have to do now to pay for these. But it's worth it. These classy shoes can be worn with any outfit or no outfit at all. Sometimes I wear them fresh out of the shower just to feel good. Heavens Gate has nothing on these shoes!", "Buy them...and then what? Wear plastic bags over them wherever you go? Wait! If you have that kind of money to blow on some shoes then surely you have enough to pay for someone to carry you everywhere! Bingo!", "I traded my anal virginity for these shoes and let me say, if I had the choice to do it over again. I would in a heart beat!Awesome shoes, awesome quality. Built for a god with a sore ass.", "I've only heard of these mythical animals, but what are the chances that one took a s*** in nike's Vietnamese shoe factory? Incredible.", "I like showing that money is no object by buying objects.Thank God some objects come in pairs....like shoes...$3000 shoes.And nothing says &#34;POWER&#34; more than buying a $3000 pair of shoes that look like they came from a grab-bag bargain bin at the back of a FIVE & BELOW.Thank God I'm rich and you're not.I love people complimenting me for these shoes that have made nuns' eyes bleed.  They're too poor to criticize me.  After all, they're just brides of Christ...and Christ couldn't afford these babies.I was going to buy a pair of fine dress shoes from Italy made from the hide of a baby calf that I had paid to have reared on a small Tuscan farm, but I went for these insteadAfter all, the best way to look like you have money and taste is to buy things that look like you don't have those at all.", "When I saw this listing priced at $3000, I thought &#34;WTF? Why are they selling shoes individually?&#34; Then I realized it was for the pair and I thought &#34;WTF? ARE THEY MENTAL? That's a steal!&#34; So I bought two pairs - one for everyday use, and one for best. Best bargain ever! I guess that's the benefit of using cheap labor from poor places - it keeps the costs down.", "As a devout virgin, I was most upset that these shoes came in a nice box.That's more than I've managed.", "Screw the need for a car, with these rediculous shoes i can now FLY to work!  These shoes have cured my depression,  obliterated my back pain, and have also granted me the powers of a genie.So when you're sitting there debating on whether or not you should buy a house,  propose to the girl of your dreams, or feed your family, kick yourself straight in the teeth and buy these shoes!They also come with a free tshirt of a unicorn Sodomizing your grandmother", "Had to sell my soul and first born to the Devil. I always thought Jr. was the Antichrist! It may be the end of days but DAMN I'll look fresh in these kicks!", "I sold my car and blew 693 dudes to pay for these shoes, but everyone stares at my awesome kicks when I'm walking to my therapy sessions!", "My feet felt like they were in outer space! Maybe it's because when I took these shoes home and told my wife how much they were, she kicked me in the nads and sent me into orbit.", "I wasn't even playing college level ball but when I took my tuition money to purchase these shoes I was contacted by nba scouts. I believe espn has me top 5 in this up coming draft. It's well worth the money.", "My kid told me he wanted the a pair of NIKE AIR FOAMPOSITE ONE NRG's. I said ok. How much are they? He says $3000. I say ok, sounds reasonable. So I fork the cash over. He wore the shoes home from the store and he says that on the way home, he was stopped twice by urban youths trying to steal the shoes right off his feet. Luckily, he was wearing NIKE AIR FOAMPOSITE ONE NRG's, and was able to outrun his assailants on both occasions. The next day at school 3 of the girls in his science class gave him their phone numbers because of his shoes. It's been about a month since then and I'm pretty sure he's lost his virginity at this point, all thanks to his NIKE AIR FOAMPOSITE ONE NRG's.", "With the state of affairs, economy in the US, people being denied food, housing, decent pay, I can't believe that anyone in their right mind would want these &#34;shoes&#34;. PLEASE! think people about what is really important!", "So my life long search for the perfect shoe has ended with one minor problem, I need a size 12.I was only able to find size 10 so it was off to the surgical ward I went, thanks to my low ($2,000) deductible though Obamacare I was able to get my feet re-sized to a 10.Six months of therapy and bottles of pain medicine are over now and my feet can visit the what I can only  call paradise of Nike.", "Rumpelstiltskin only took the first and second born children in exchange for spinning enough gold to buy these. Thats okay I still have the littlest one around to oooh and aaah whenever I put them on. WINNING!!!", "They're out of stock right now, but that'll give me time to re-mortgage my house so I can afford these. I think they'll be a perfect match for my burgundy Ford Fiesta with the vanity licence plate of 'SWAG'. I'm basing my purchase on the previous review that said they were SWAG, I'm SWAG, my car is SWAG,  so why not treat myself to some SWAG shoes too.I'll look so cool high-fiving myself! I may even fist-bump. It'll be SWAG!", "As I stood upon the Bifrost gazing down into the realm of mortals my heart was incomplete. I saw wonders upon the feet of man and yearned for better footwear than my own clunky and heavy fur lined boots. Suddenly a great horn blast erupted through the Asgardian eve and I found myself confronted by Thor, The God of Thunder, who produced shoes that illuminated and shone like the scintilating colors of the rainbow bridge. I took the marvels of magic and science, the perfect fusion of dreams and slipped them upon my feet. Soon I was running with the speed of the fastest stallion and striking down my foes with wild abandoned........Thank you Nike.......We now have a shoe fit for the Gods!!!!!!!", "I remortgaged my house just to buy these shoes for my husband. When he puts them on he magically transforms into Genie from Aladdin. So far I have wished for every child labourer to be given unlimited energy to continue making these precious sneakers forever.", "Wow....bought these so my kid could have a shoe box for a school project but did not realize the shoes were this magical feeling....like walking on air! Went to the future and everyone was wearing these exact shoes...no socks of course. Weirdest thing though...the president was a robot.", "Assets frozen but purchased truckload using offshore Amazon account.  Shoes are so good to keeping feet warm in slushy streets of Moscow. Great for bribes!", "These shoes are really awesome. I do alot of hiking and outdoor activities, these shoes are great for that. Although I did have to order a second pair because on the first pair the sole came of when I was on this one crazy trail. Overall great if you want a shoe do just wear whenever or as one that you don't need to take care of or care about.", "I had a tough decision to make help pay for my grandma's surgery or buy these shoes but I know i made the right decision when I showed up to my grandma's funeral and people were staring at me and my shoes I know grams is smiling down at me right now at how awesome and stylish her granddaughter looks.  Love you grams", "I prostituted myself to buy this shoe for my husband.  He looks like a sex god in them but I have to wait until the results of the STD test are available to find out how much he likes them.", "Think you for my $700 gubernant check Wif dat and pimping out my womens i had a pair in no time. I aint got no idea why theys be makin such a fuss. I am one fly skinny white boy. When i cans gets one of my babys mommas to wash my stuff, i can strut in these with my wife beater, my church one, and my pants hanging low. Aight?", "This shoe, of course, is amazing - but what I really love about it was how it raised the available kidneys in the transplant pool - being on Hemodialysis for over five years, when this shoe came out - suddenly, I got the call.  My new kidney is doing great, my levels are great and I have a new lease on life!  I think about these kicks whenever I pee now! Thanks, Nike!", "I made my husband sell 500 gallons of semen to the sperm bank so I could have a pair, what a trade ;)", "&#34;Get down&#34; I shouted to the unworthy mortals as they clambered at my new Nikes, &#34;These are foamposite and not fit for tiny winy people like you, these badboys are mine&#34; I bellowed.The wife wasn't to impressed with my manner nor was she impressed with the price tag, so now I live in the shed at the bottom of the garden with the incontinent cat and she has moved Roger in, she says he's there just for the chores around the house, its strange how my wife never used to help me with the chores, I never realized there was so much to do in the bedroom.Ive given these shoes five stars cause BOY these will sure change your life.", "I've not been able to afford these shoes yet...but when the sale of my sisters into slavery goes through...I'll be walking on clouds..in style...nike style...", "At first I thought this was just an overpriced shoe. If I knew I could get respect in Brownsville for $1,500 I would have bought these a long time ago. I did have to sell my mother to raise the money but it was well worth it. I look so cool in these that all the hood rats don't even try to steal them.", "Is that instead of just costing 600 times more than what Nike pays overseas sweatshop workers to make them, it costs 30,000 times.", "I was able to trade my EBT credits, Obamaphone, WIC checks, didn't pay child support for 3 months, and section 8 housing voucher for a nice pair of these shoes. Thanks taxpayer for footing (get it footing?) the bill.", "I will be walking on sunshine. OKAY so I will have to forgo eating and water. Total luxuries both. No doubt as i starve and reek from not taking a shower. I will die knowing I have a great pair of styling running shoes.. Thanks Nike and Amazon!!", "These are so stylish for mucking out the cow barn.  Even the cows love 'em.  One sight of them and their milk is sweeter for days!", "Realized that I had two good kidneys and zero pair of awesome shoes. Sold one kidney and this shoe was mine ! Wear them everytime I take a piss!", "REEEEEEALLY wanted to love this shoe...PROS:Looks friggin' amazing! The red/green checker and Kente cloth patterns to commemorate Black History Month are beautiful accents to a very well designed shoe. The use of blacks and grays combined with the aircraft styling of the Huarache line make this a stealthy shoe with a sleek profile. Also, it's a must have for any collector (as availability is VERY limited) and anyone who loves the Huarache or Nike Free line as it is an ingenious combination of both. It also incorporates the awesome Nike+ sensor slot (for activity tracking and analysis on Nikeplus.com).CONS:I am a regular size 14 so I purchased a 14. I attempted to try them on and was stopped by the sockliner. After forcing my way through the limited stretch opening, I found my foot literally constricted by the inner liner. I COULD NOT WALK IN THEM. It was as though it was a size 12 sockliner in a size 14 shoe. I have MANY Huarache and Free shoes and while some Huarache's were snug, NONE of them were this ill-fitting.RECOMMENDATION:If you have an abnormally thin foot, this shoe will fit well and look even better on you! If you're by any means \"normal\", order the next half size up. For those bigger than 14, know that THERE IS NO 14.5. You COULD order a 15, but beware of the extra space in the toe box if you plan to do any actual sporting in these. Looks great with the BHM \"Uplift\" tee.ALL THAT SAID, I HAVE A SIZE 14 FOR SALE IF YOU'RE INTERESTED!!! :-)", "the Js feel good to play in, very comfortable and seem quite light as well.  they are also very true to size.  my only downfall on this shoe, is it is not one of the prettier Js while on your foot (so these are ply worn on the court for me)", "Very well put together, good lookin with jeans, and great for the court I actually prefer these to the originals from 93'", "I purchased these shoes for my son at Christmas, so they were a suprise gift. I was lucky getting his shoe size right because he's growing and in a different shoe size every 6 months I would recomend.", "I used to own a pair like this before but it got tear on the head because of my dog, it was hard for me to find another pair with size 10 but this is very awesome, fit and look the same with my old one", "Most comfortable boots I had. Very worm and cool looking. Color option is good too orange is not very bright. I'm sure lime color would stand out more but I wasn't looking for it.", "Our son wanted a good running,stylish,sneaker. He is very happy with the sneaker. It is worth our money! His nike's always last a long time and stand the test of a 13 yr old!", "great buy.....great quality my son wears it all the time!! we got a great price on this as well!! like!", "Jordans keep getting better and better as performance shoes.  I had the 2011's for hooping and these are 5x better as far as fit, grip, flexibility and ventilation.  I love them!!", "My husband wanted a yellow pair of sneakers. The sneakers are more gold than yellow but they will work. He Loves Them so I am very happy with this purchase....", "this shoe is what i expected. the quility is great. i really like it. the price is not expensive. all in all , so great", "These were a good find. Not too flashy but still good looking. Arrived right away and they were just what we wanted.", "Good shoe's can't complain the are jordan's doesn't get any better then that, they just look good on your feet", "love theese shoes was so worried they wouldnt fit but they fit ok i got a 7m big kids next time going for the 6.5 but none the less thats my own issue the shoes are fantastic love them wierd laces though and the SELLER OMG SO FAST THANK YOU WILL BE BUYING VERY SOON FROM THIS SELLER GREAT BIG SATISFIED CUSTOMER THX GUYS:)", "the shoes are great. my youngest daughter will love them for christmas this year. thank you very much for getting the order correct. great job", "the problem was the size of the shoe there are many sizes, mens, women, toddlers and big kids girls.should be a one size no matter whether for children or adults", "The shoe has held up well and fit a wide foot well. We sometimes have trouble with Nike since my son has wide feet but they fit great and feel comfortable.", "I wear a size 9 shoe and had to get an 8 and 1/2 for this shoe but its a great basketball shoe.", "These are great shoes. They fit nicely and are very comfortable. I can't wait to get them on the court.", "IT FITS VERY GOOD AND VERY COMFORTABLE FOR BOTH FEET. THIS IS WHY I LIKE ORDERING VIA AMAZON- BECAUSE YOU'LL FIND THE STYLE AND PRICE FOR YOU!", "This is a comfortable shoe.  Had problems with the company when it was ordered but can't blame that on the shoe.  It's very comfortable and fits perfect..", "My son plays high school basketball. He loves the grip on this shoe and said is is very comfortable. It is also a great looking shoe.", "I for one play basketball at a very energetic pace. Most of my basketball shoes are destroyed within 3 months, therefore imagined my surprise when I realize it has been a year since i bought these shoes. I recommend them for any type of baller, street and organized.", "Bought the shoes since I needed a new pair of indoor basketball shoes. Shopped around and found these. The zoom is quite comfortable but not as quite light as the hyperdunks; however, for those of you who are looking for a decent pair of shoes these are the perfect ones if you don't want to spend too much on the basketball shoes.", "I have flat feet so i need good support for whenever i play basketball and these shoes are 10x more comfortable than my last pair.", "The shoes fit just fine. Wish they had more colors this style. I know I would have got more pairs.", "thank you so much. finally the basketball shoe I have been looking for totally worth every penny. I really am happy it improves jumping as well as looking spontaneous!", "the shoes is really nice and I love the color coz it is exactly as shown in the picture!!thanks shoezoo for the fast shipping..I recommend this product.", "Great basketball shoe my son said. Bought these without my son seeing them first. He loved them and wore them all season and didn't complain.", "Works great. It's been a couple months and the grips are awesome. I would recommend them to anyone else. The shoes also clear air out fast so your feet don't smell too bad.", "Bought these for my son and we are all very happy with them.  Nice quality, nice fit!  Arrived on time.", "I thought for a bargain like this the sneakers would be low quality but they are very nice and have no problems. Highly recommended seller.", "I buy shoes all the time. But I really like these. They look good with your Nike gear. You know it looks great when your teenage kids start wearing your clothes. When all we guys want to do is grab something quick to wear w/out thinking about it much. Good thing I had two pair, because my teenage son luvs these shoes. They are really comfortable sort of spongy like walking on cotton candy. Highly recommended!", "They are a great fit, so he loves them.  I was a bit concerned regarding the size, but the size was a true fit.", "I bought these sneakers for my daughter for basketball and she loves them.  Very stylish, comfortable she will defiantly get her wear our of them.", "I play basketball 3-4 days out of the week. I bought two pairs of these. One for indoor and one for out door. They both have been holding up very well. They are light and durable. Lots of air way gets through the shoe, which is nice also. I have no complaints on these shoes whatsoever. Shipping was fast and my box came in great condition.", "Great product... Very comfy and light weight sneakers. They were exactly as advertised and true to fit. I would buy them again", "Absolutely love this shoe. Memory foam built in, light and breathable.  The tounge is built in but still has the normal laces and it goes below the ankle so regular socks are not the greatest with it. This shoe is amazing for anyone that is on their feet all day, athletics, and also for the ladies with problems of the feet (perfect for pregnant woman). True to the size, if you have extra wide feet these might not be for you, their not very narrow but these do come in B and not in W (example: size 7 B ) definitely going to get another pair just maybe in a different color.", "Love the shoes. THey are very comfortable and love the color. They also arrived very quickly and were here in time for Christmas", "These are by far the most comfortable tennis shoes I have ever owned! They are so lightweight and makes it easier to workout on the elliptical cross trainer!! Wished I had known about these earlier!", "I love these shoes.  They fit snug to my feet and they're nice and light for my workouts.  I bought two pairs of these shoes since I liked them so much.", "If you need a good cross training, not running shoe, then I highly suggest these shoes. Especially if you're doing exercises that require a lot of jumping, pivoting and twisting of legs.", "I love these shoes for zumba!  In fact, this is my 4th pair.  I have to search on line for these babies, because they've been discontinued for over a year and are hard to find.  I've located some at TJ Maxx, and this one on amazon.  I wish Nike wouldn't discontinue all of the shoes I love for zumba!", "Runs large but very comfortable and light weight. Shoelaces are a bit cheap. But overall I really like this shoe. I'm also just a light workout person. I don't run only lift, walk, and jump rope", "She tried this shoe on and was happy immediately.  The shoes arrived in perfect condition and look even better than they do in the photo.  They are a comfortable running shoe, and match well with other red clothes.", "Great to find the right style of nike's. They were just as pictured. Will shop here again for more sneakers.", "Better looking in person than in the picture. Very comfortable shoe. Shipped in less than a week. Very pleased with this purchase.", "foto de los zapatos que quer&iacute;amos ideal para correr ligeros c&oacute;modos y duraderos listos para ir a la carrerafrescos y livianos", "This may be the best shoe I've ever worn. Great look, fit, and comfortable. I receive numerous compliments on the shoe. Own three pairs of the 5.0's. great shoe.", "This pair of shoes actually look better in person then in the picture and they fit like a glove. the outer material of the shoe is a vynil like material so dont expect it to be cloth or anything like that, they are very comfy and great gym shoes!", "This is my husbands favorite shoe. Hence this is his 2nd pair that are identical. So comfortable and light. Loves them!", "Shoes look great, feel good, a little snug. The design is more modest compared to a lot of the &#34;neon&#34; colored running shoes out lately.", "Looks amazing and feels even better. Lightweight, supportive and well cushioned. BEST SHOE EVER! Been a long time since I raved about a running shoe but this one totally deserves it.", "Ordered these for my teenage son and he loved them.  He said they were very comfortable and they are obviously stylish.  Highly recommend.", "I like the colors, and the shoe is comfortable and very lightweight.  I use these for an everyday shoe, as well as for an easy light run.", "These shoes look great and feel great. They don't have that runners shoe look to them so you can wear them with dressy clothes.", "I use it a lot. Very comfortable. Easy to clean. Good material and good product from China. Thank you very much.", "Love these shoes. Wear them all the time. Would definitely recommend because of the comfort that you get from them.", "My son loves the sneakers-he says they are the most comfortable sneaker he has ever worn!  I ordered them right before school and they arrived on time!!!", "OK I like the sneakers but they look like they came from Marshall&#8217;s. The front of the sneakers do not even come close to matching up on is kind of pointed while the other is more rounded. Aside from that they are comfortable.", "I bought this shoe to do running and crossfit.  It has done very well in the running department.  It is very light and is great for either sprinting or a little bit longer running.  The farthest I have ran in them was 6 miles and I got a little bit of a blister on my big toe but that could have just been the fact I didn't work them in before doing that long of a run.  As for crossfit they work well for most things I have encountered.  This is obviously not the best shoe for olympic lifting with it's design but I have done that in these as well.  Overall I am very pleased with this shoe.", "Hubby likes these and likes this kind of Nike, however be aware that the blue part in these is a bit funky ~ to borrow an expression from him.  Otherwise great shoes, and the color is not a deal-breaker. He liked the fit as always.  Nike's are always good investments for him and the price is right.  Just wanted to give others the heads up about the blueness of that part of the shoe ~ not bad, just a little different that what he's seen before in his shoe choices.", "The shoes are described correct. My husband said he felt like his toes were elevated like it had too much arch for comfort.so we retuned them.", "I love these shoes, I wear them to the gym, concerts, anywhere I know I will be moving. They make great shuffle shoes because they slide great on concrete but they also have great traction on the treadmill.", "I ordered this pair of shoes for my fianc&eacute; in a size 12.  He loves them and says they fit perfectly!", "They fit exactly like my husband expected them to fit and he loves them&#128516; They are very comfortable and just the right size for his foot!!", "Not quite as much support as I would like but I think I will get used to it. Satisfied with purchase.", "I bought these shoes because my feet used to hurt a lot when I did Insanity. These shoes feel great, they have great support, breathe great, have tons of grip and I just feel like wearing them all the time. I am now doing Insanity Asylum 2 now and the shoes keep delivering peak performance as I do the craziest workouts you could imagine. I recommend them 100%.", "I love these shoes. I go hiking and walking in these shoes and they are very comfortable. They are nice and supportive on the feet so you have an extra bounce.", "I bought these for my Dad and he wears a size 9 in all shoes. These were too small, had to go up to 9.5. Otherwise they look great but could use more cushioning.", "Size small fits perfect, fast shipping also. Thank you for a wonderful item, I'll get a lot of use out of this shirt.", "Pros:I get a lot of compliments with this shoe, Its unique and functional/causal and a cute color combo (brown and orange)Cons:Flat - the soles are similar to Van's where its Flat. If you need some arch support, you'll need to put in inserts and thus order a .5 size bigger.No Ankle support. The ankle and top of the boot is very wide and offers no support. Sometimes I feel like I might roll my ankle if I'm not careful.Over all very cute shoe, I do enjoy wearing them, but I don't wear them as much as I hoped I would because of the lack of arch support and the wide ankle.", "These are the best boots I've ever owned.  Very light and comfortable. I love the cold too.  And I get complements every day I wear them.  Nike, please don't stop making them!", "This boot is great. It is very comfortable. It has a style of its own. It is true to size. The Kingman  Leather Boot is very stylish. This Boot provides a double dress appearance. It is not very  breathable. But, it provide support to the ankle and it is worth the purchase. I have four pair. I always receive positive comments.", "It looks great on my daughter and she is very comfortable with the fit. The color blends with everything she wears.", "I bought these for my son to wear on campus at college.  Very warm and durable walking through all the snow.", "Couldn't wait for Boots to Arrive. On the day I was Supposed to get them they emailed me a stated the boots in my size were defective soo I never received them. I'm really hoping Nike makes more of this style as I've heard nothing but good things about them and I really like the way they look.", "Thank you so much I loved itand it's pretty new as I ordered it and exceptedthank you :", "This was a gift and my son was very pleased with the quality and fit.  He was so happy when he received these that he wore them everyday for a week.  He still wears them often.", "II PURCHASED THESE BOOTS FOR MY GRANDSON FOR CHRISTMAS - HE LOVES THEM.  THEY KEEP HIS FEET WARM AND DRY AND HE LIKES THE STYLE.", "I chose a five star rating because I absolutely love these boots. A great purchase for the winter months and all the snow we've seen in NYC this winter, these durable and warm boots have kept my feet dry during the most ugly of snow storms. I literally wear these boots all the time.", "i ordered these pair of shoes and they came on the may 3, 2013 and i thought these nice shoe were i repeat were going to fit but they didn't because they were somewhat to big and i was really disappoint with the shoes. I haven't tryed on the shoes until today because i thought they were going to fit but they didn't and now i have a problem. I'm wondering if i should return them and get a pair of different shoes for the same price so this problem could be resolveed. To those who are looking to buy these shoes i wouldn't because you might not get the size that you want, the style looks great its just they might trick you with the size so i give all this 1 star until this could be resolved", "Its all he wears every day to school. In a fashion conscious area (bellevue of the greater eastside ofthe lake washington corridor. Thats something to be said.", "Good fit, good construction, excellent support in a training shoe, but has no ventilation at all. It's OK for an hour or 2 in the gym, but probably not for longer wear.", "Very satisfied with this purchase.  Shoes fit true to size.  Very comfortable and sturdy.  Wish they were available in more colors.", "are ok....keep up the good work....nike bravo .....their quality is ok.....price is a little high but to see them after wearing them....soo ...five star ....", "The fit was good just the right size as what should be expected from Nike. The shoe was comfortable a good walk around shoe not ideal for running but a good basic athletic shoes.", "Wish I can give 5 to these sneakers as they look super amazing, but, they are somewhat narrow to my feet and eventually my toes end up in pain.Other than that, the sole is really comfortable, I ALMOST fully enjoyed walking in those.", "I like Nike shoes and these are great I dislike nothing about them. I workout out gym in these and run in them also they are very comfortable I recommend them to anyone who likes running shoe.", "These are great shoes, you will have to break in but after a couple of weeks you will love these shoes. I have 2 pairs of these.", "I waited a whole year to be able to save enough to buy this shoe and I was not disappointed. The product came quickly, and it is very nice product, feels like i am walking on air. Fast shipping, would buy from this seller again.", "These shoes are really comfortble, light weight and great looking. I would have given 5 stars, but they are a litttle to narrow in the toe box.", "These are the classic Nike Cortez construction (circa 1980) including the cool, rounded (not squared) heel.  The color is awesome - - people definitely see these coming!", "Great shoe that gives you a little street cred (I could use a lot more). The safari print makes it really unique, thus making you seem unique as well. Comfortable shoe that works well with shorts or pants. Good value too.", "These shoes are crazy comfy, I am very pleased with them. They have very standard Nike fit and look good with both jeans and shorts.", "I am a librarian and am always on my feet!  These shoes are very comfortable!  These shoes arrived promptly and were just as advertised.", "My son loves this style of sneaker.  The look great and he likes how they fit.  Previous pairs of this same model have held up well.", "these are one of the best shoes i've ever had.... classic, very comfortable and elegant! big five stars. consider half size down though.", "Nice and comfortable shoes. The retro style is great! Everyone always says something cool about my shoes. The Green Stadium color is so stunning. I just love them!", "Search criteria: Vintage Nike'sThey just don't make 'em like they used to.  The color, style and feel are all great.  These shoes scream vintage Nike and that is exactly what I am looking for.", "Very happy with the sneakers, wanted them two years ago when they retro'd but thank god I got them now for half price! And fast shipping! Very satisfied!", "I bought a pair for my son, he loves them so i had to get a pair, they are very nice", "It was not purchased for my use but the feedback was positive. It fit really well and of course was the envy at the party.", "Because my son simple adored and it was everything fine with size a shipment. I recomend it. Thank you very much.", "I wear Most nike products. they have good cushion and durability. I play more than one sport, so this shoe is perfect.", "These shoes are so nice and comfortable I absolutely love them.  I bought them as a gift for a friend and I am thinking about buying a pair for me.", "I love the way these sneakers look. I bought two pair, one for work and one for home. I have always loved the look of the Nike Cortez since I saw my gym teacher wear them back in 1978. These are my favorite sneaker!", "great shoes i will order more ,thanks for the good service. i love this shoes, there awesome. and fit comfortable", "Throw back shoes. I love them.Thank you. Eeal throw backs, looks great and old school. my husband will love them for Christmas.", "My boyfriend loves these sneakers.  He wears them with jeans and t-shirts or sweaters.  No matter what, they look great.  They are now his favorite sneakers.", "I have wanted these sneakers since I was a kid. I was never able to find them in colors I liked, until now. The quality is excellent and they arrived early. They are comfortable and just have that classic look. Very well made. I would order again.", "It is hard to believe that I would be the first to review this sneaker since it has been around for a dozen years and is the best designed and most comfortable shoe made by Nike. I am glad it is still available.", "You get what you pay for. Cheap cheap cheap made. Not real, and if they are they must make them different because these shoes are sharkeisha.", "Yes a very nice buy here folks everyone loves them brand new with box new scent up love it! my hole clips wants to get some", "I love the shoes they the price was very good my kids really love them had been wanting them for a while!!!", "I bought this for my teenaged son and he just loves them.  This pair has become his go too lucky sneakers!!!", "Love these kicks. I'm a early 90's sneakerhead and had to have these. When someone told me they found them DS (deadstock) and retail, I didn't hesitate. Great pickup. Now I need the Miami dolphins colorway", "I love these shoes and I get compliments on them everytime I wear them.  I have not seen anyone with them yet and I like that!", "I bought a pair of brown tip Clean Sweeps from Foot Locker in 2013.. I've been looking for the all black pair ever since then!! I just so happened to search for them on Amazon and they had them in my size!! I received the shoes in less than a week, in original box and packaging.. I still get compliments on my old pair so I know these are going to get action too!! LOL.. Thanks!!!", "The shoes arrived on time and in great condition in original box.  My friends can't believe that the shoes arrived so fast and that they look so good on my feet", "Good quality, Cortez are so hard to scuff and they are easy too clean. I recommend you try a pair I have four different colors", "I have oodles of shoes & I'm not a fan of these! I was looking for a pair of Nike shox to replace my old ones. Well these I've worn quite a bit and they just don't want to loosen up and break in! I spend 8hrs on my feet @ work & my feet were killing me! I tried inserts and even taking my insoles from my old pair and putting them in these-not much better...would suggest buying mesh shox!!!", "I had to really do some research to find a leather shoe as they all now have that mesh stuff on the tops and sides.  They leak water and are so not cute.  Love this shoe, all leather.  Always wear &#34;Shocks&#34; and this shoe is the perfect footwear on the job.  Definitely recommend.  True to size and width.  Fits perfectly!", "This is so lovely.Very comfortable to wear.It is made of durable material, I've  used it for almost a month now with no complaint.It looks good on jeans and chinos matching variety of colors perfectly.I strongly recommend this for any one interested in a durable,comfortable and fanciful foot wear.", "Pretty good shoes but they were somewhat on the small size. Still love them.", "Bought these as a gift for myself for becoming mayor of my gym.  Right after, everyone began purchasing the pink ones and they're super trendy!  I love these ones because they are not as &#34;loud&#34; as the pink, but still cute and bright.  As all Nike frees are, they are super comfortable and I wear them everywhere now...", "I absolutely love these shoes! Perfect for lifting! I'd like to buy more but idk where I can find them", "These shoes are great if you have the right size! Order a size bigger and you cant go wrong, wear my for work because I am my feet all day and they are great", "I love them! They came quick. They are not the normal black free runs that everyone has, they have a bit of a cheetah print to them!", "I bought these shows from Ladies foot locker and they are my favorite shoes.  They run a little small (I wear a 9 to 9 1/2 and I got these in a 10)  I wear these shows everywhere they are AMAZING!!!!", "I was so lucky to order mine! The last pear in my size too. Winner!! They are even cuter in person. Plus they fit comfortable and light. I love em'", "These running shoes are soo cute but Really!!! Can't believe these go for so much here!! They really cost 100 dollars ..Riiiippp offs!", "My hubby ordered these for one of my Christmas presents and they got here way sooner than expected! They're comfy, lightweight, and BEAUTIFUL!", "We sent these sneakers to my son for Xmas and the picture didn't do them any justice. &#34;They are beautiful and comfortable and the leather is like butter&#34; these are my son's words. Great value as well!", "Son is picky with his kicks as he says lol and the toe creased within an 8 hr period of just sitting around. For the money they should be better made.", "The sneakers are brand new, perfect! They are very comfortable and I really like it!! They are the same as in the photo!", "I like this sweatpant a lot -very comfertable and a good fit- great to lay around the house in and relax", "Can someone please tell me how to find the size for this shoes. I've been trying to find out but haven't been able to figure it out.", "I will love to this shoes but I want to know if have a 9.5 or a 10 in shoes size let us know", "GreAt shoe at good price the size was not listed. I was searching for size 10 and size not listed so I assume this was size 10 but they was size 11 but it cost more than I saved to send back and my son liked so much he didn't mind they was big.... So FYI make sure it is size your looking for before buying.", "I'm a pretty avid runner, I like to clock in 3 to 8 miles a day just mood dependent. I bought this on a whim since i love my nike sports bra so much and I have to say, I was impressed. I have a small D for chest size and I loved that I got real support-not just my chest sucked in to avoid movement and keeping me from breathing. The main body of the fabric was cotton and I just love running in this top!", "I'm not even sure it was Nike.  It was about 2 sizes smaller than what the size said (couldn't barely even get my foot in the shoe), and it was very cheaply made and very cheap plastic.  I smell a rat.", "I absolutely love these shoes. Fits perfect and the compfort is amazing. I may be getting more in this style. thank you", "These shoes were made for walking. Their comfortable and easy on style. The black color. Means I can where them with all colors.", "the shoes fit well but I tried playing in them and they ended up hurting the front of my feet.", "Great deal fast delivery, thanks!", "Any Nike product is of excellent quality. The 2 types of lenses, black and brown, filtered sunlight as expected to do so. Also the design is very striking.", "Well, nike is always nice!  What can I say, I got this for my boyfriend, and he loves it. Everything as expected and described.", "Great looking glasses, saw them on Nike Vision website and knew I wanted them, they are super sturdy and super comfortable even for flat noses. Very snug fit on my face and everyone has told me they look great and are good for any occasion.", "I have using Nike eyeglasses for many years and I am very satisfied. The 7070 series, like other Nike frames I used to have, fit very well and are made of good quality materials.", "I bought these shoes for a friend and she loved them. I wouldn't buy shoes for me online though, because I need to try them first.", "Nice shoe, came as expected only issue was that we noticed some dirt on both toes, as if someone wore them before...otherwise good purchase for the price.", "I had these cleats and I wear them during games and practices. I had Nike cleats before these and they were very durable and so are these", "My daughter loves the cleats and they are comfortable, but she is a pitcher and has only wore them a couple of times and is already getting a hole by the toe.", "we just got her a pair of Nike shoes and these cleats ran just a tad larger than the shoes (which is good for us as she is still growing like a weed).  She loves them.", "Very cute shoes. Comfortable and durable. I just love how these look and feel. I would purchase again. Go nike", "very nice jersey -- fits well and love the quality.cool to have as the olympics are in russia this winter.definitely recommend.", "The shoes are awesome, they are just like expect, the color is amazing and with a good material, it demonstrate the quality of nike shoes", "Fits perfectly; awesome for indoor soccer;I have a bit wide feet and took a day to break in.Love the control you have on the ball and the grip on non-wet floor.", "The fit and function of these cleats is great, so we'll keep buying them, but the soles do split apart from the shoes after a while.  Seems like we need to replace them every 6 months of hard use.  I hear this is typical for soccer cleats, but I know the Adidas ones did not have this issue.  (On the other hand, they were not as nice to play in...)", "Great fit, nice cushioning inside.Robust, loosened up after using a couple of times, have a minor problem with laces, which loosen up sometimes", "it is awesome. I was very very very very pleased wit this product...... im very happy with this shoe....... very", "This shoes fit awesome... I have a problem with width on many boots ... especially in the heal.  This fit really well in heal and in toebox... and people can't miss you on the floor.  Matched with my royal blue socks they look a little oompa loompaish...", "Looks even better in person...fits well...comfortable and very very nice to look at...if u wanna stand out...this is for u...", "I love my Futsal shoes, they are extremely comfortable because they have cushion on the sides and they have great arch support.  Also almost anyone can wear the vibrant hot pink color, because the colors are so bright you will stand out exceptionally.  After I used these shoes I noticed that these shoes hardly ever slide or skid.Although they have all of these great qualities, they also have a few disappointing ones.  First, they are skinnier than just regular tennis shoes, so if you have wider feet then you may want to go with something else.  Secondly, because they are made with all of these great qualities they are a little spendy, other than that they are perfect Futsal shoes and they are like heaven to me.So if you play soccer and you want to play soccer in the winter then I recommend these shoes.  I recommend these shoes because they are extremely sturdy, and they lasted years and they are still in the same condition that I got them in.  Again, I would definitely buy another pair when they wear out.", "Fits well, very comfortable & excellent ball control. I would reccomend this product to any one who loves the sport.", "Bought these for my daughter and she loves them. So far so good as she has only worn them for about a week.I guess we will see how they wear ?", "Great leather shoes (one of the few ones left in the futsal world).A sizing tip... I'm 11 M US on adidas.... had to order a size 12 on this nike model.", "Amazing shoes! Delivered earlier than i thought..This shoe has a very good fit especially for those who have narrow feet. Good feel for the ball and  overall very happy with my purchase!", "helo my friend realy i wanna to tell u that shoes that i wear was very very very nice for meand i will bought 2 another continue with another new special thanks 4 u", "These shoes are perfect for soccer and they are very comfortable also. The description matches exactly and the size is perfect.", "Never had a pair of Nike Air. These shoes are comfy and stylish....never thought I'd be wearing green and white shoes in my 20's lol.", "these are nice shoes I have problems with my foot and need a harder soul. These fit the bill thanks", "It has everything I need. I was expecting the material to be a bit sturdier, but it's fine, and I like how light it is.", "This price is more than double of what I bought them for... shame on the people who are taking customers for a ride... price gouging out of greed. The Nike stores are selling these shoes @ $39.95... They are really comfortable and lightweight. The shield protects wearers from getting wet feet while running or walking after a rainfall. Love the shoe, but would never pay this way over-priced amt.", "True to its size, but if you want to use them with heavy socks go a half size up. Super comfortable!!! Fit like a glove!!!.", "Like shoe very much", "I have been wearing the Air Pegasus exclusively for a few years now. Perfect as always.", "Love, love this walking/runny shoe...  Keep making them Nike", "I love these shoes and they are very hard to find.  Perfect shoe especially for off road.I wished they would continue making this model of shoe because it is well designed and has the large toe box..Was so glad to find them.thank you", "Love these shoes, great cushion. I run in these, do boot camp in them and have had no issues! also, they are so cute", "Lunarglides are the most comfortable shoe I've ever had on my feet . They are so light and soft .i would recommend these shoes to anyone who works standing all day or if you walk or run. Never had shoe that didn't rub my feet for the first few days I wore them. These shoe don't rub with or without socks . I have 3 pairs and I love them . Seller was ahead of time on delivery.", "LOVE, LOVE, LOVE.... have gotten many compliments on the color and they are very comfortable for running. Would highly recommend.", "Omg I love these shoes . I wear nike's but never lunarglide 4 these are the mot comfortable running shoes I've ever had on my feet. The color is awesome , being a purple lover. I would recommend these shoes to anyone that has to walk a lot , or stand on your feet all day. And running . Seller was fast.", "Nike Lunar Glade is most perfect sport shoes I ever had.You just have to know exactly  what size you want and you will be very  satisfied about your request.Thank you!", "have 3 pairs great colours wore the 1st pair on 3 mile beach walk no blisters just comfortable fabulous shoes", "This is my second pair and I love walking or skipping rope with them I bounce in the air. You can not wear them inside a gym for example because it slips. They are out door running shoes.", "I bought these for my sister, who has very normal size 7.5 feet, and they fit her perfectly.  I always get her Nike, as I know it will fit (which is great since she can't very well try them on if they are a gift).  She liked the look/colors a lot.  Mostly though, they are very comfortable for her and predictably fit well.  I've probably bought her about 5-6 pairs of Nikes, all 7.5, over the years, and they always fit perfectly.I'm not a runner, so I won't comment on that aspect, but she tells me that her feet do not over/underpronate, are neither wide nor narrow, and have normal arches - and that Nike fit her best.", "I LOVE the color....nice & vibrant....I've received several compliments. They're extremely comfortable for running, walking, aerobics, zumba the treadmill and elliptical...", "shoes is just exactly what I've request.So you can try it  with no problem.You just have to know exactly size you want.Thank you!", "My daughter just love these shoes. Lightweight and comfortable. Producer gives each the right to select colors for your liking, making each copy unique shoes", "If my size 9.5 were available I would order two pairs immediately.", "Love the shoes.  This is my third pair and I have to say, this is my favorite yet!!  Sturdy for trail running yet very light and easy on the feet.  I wear professional orthotics inside the shoe and this, combined with the quality of the shoe makes my feet very happy.  I will definitely buy the next model as the Nike Air Pegasus is the perfect shoe for those of us who run a little heavy and need the extra support.", "Very comfortable shoes. My wife really likes the color. Air soles are the most comfortable shoes on the market. Buy these.", "My wife loved the looks of it that even if it doesn't have cushioning, she said she'll just keep it coz its cute looking. She said she might just get some insole inserts to make her running with this shoes comfy...hopefully.", "I went into my local DSW to buy the same old Keds I've been wearing for several years. I recently started going to the gym and thought I might as well look into a pair a shoes to work out in. I spotted Nike Relentless. I WILL NEVER BUY A PAIR OF SHOES THAT ARE NOT COMFORTABLE FROM THE FIRST! I put these on and bam! Instant comfort. I need cushion for the thinnest part of my body - the bottom of my feet. I feel they have plenty of cushion for my way of walking, however, I am NOT a runner so I don't know if they would be a good running shoe. I can wear them to work, and as an educational aide, I am on my feet most of the day. They are a great workout shoe as well. I'm not one to notice what people are wearing, but people at the gym and at school have commented on how nice my Nikes are. Are they comfortable? YES! I noticed that they are full price ($75) on Amazon.com, so I'm happy to say I paid $60 at DSW. I would highly recommend these shoes.", "Nike is the only brand that I know will absolutely fit my foot when I buy an 8M.  Once again, this has proved true, with a perfect fit right out of the box.  This time I was surprised by the shoe's light weight and its open-weave, breathable material used in the foot cover.  That makes them the most comfortable summer tennie I've ever had!", "I had a great experience purchasing this item.  I think the price was a great value for the shoe and they are very comfortable.  I love these sneakers!", "Still using them after a years purchase and works wonder with my feet. I work on my feet alot and it helped out tremendously.", "Shopping for running shoes online requires a lot of finger crossing and hoping. More often than not, the shoes are uncomfortable in some way or look weird. This pair of Nike running shoes is exactly what I wanted, style, color, fit and comfort. A true size 8, possibly on the narrow side but not too much. These are really cute shoes, they are light-weight yet have good bottom and side support. They feel good to run in. The price is right, too. Love 'em!", "These wear  a gift for my daughter. She throughly enjoyed them. They for work and walking, the comfortable and fit great and loves this product", "All great shipping took a bit long but shoes r great. Will defy order again. Fit and look was just as stated.", "I have never ordered any shoes or clothing online because I am hard to fit.  These shoes are perfect and I will be ordering more in the future.  Thank you!", "These shoes are extremely comfortable. I received them as a birthday gift. The sizes run exact, so you don't have to be concerned about them not fitting you.They're more comfortable than my under armour running shoes,Definitely recommend them!", "I am a Nike athletic shoe lover. Because I have a narrow foot and also am flat-footed, I have been buying Nike shoes for years because they offer a wide-range of shoes that offer good stability and motion-control. They also run narrower than most other brands. These are a good replacement for my old favorite, the Structure Triax.", "I love these shoes. They are super comfortable and I love the colors. I have received many complements on them. Great price for Nike. Very happy customer.", "i love these runners, great price and beautiful colour, absolutely love them and they are so comfythank you so much!!", "My daughter is very happy with this wonderful Nike athletic shoes. It is as it is described in the item. Absolutely in Love with it.", "These shoes are extremely comfortable, have a great arch, and are by far my favorite tennis shoes. Very satisfied with this purchase!", "Soooo happy with these running shoes...my feet feel as if I am in slippers and are so cool and breathable for summer wear@school and anyplace else. Fit me well as I have a narrow foot. So pleased I purchased three colors since they were so great for the price!", "I rarely buy new shoes but I love these!  They are so comfortable, much more so than the New Balances I usually buy.", "They are light-weight and comfortable, a great pair of shoes to throw on for running errands.  I did change the shoe laces to white, as the bright, neon orange was just not me.  But, they are really cute with the neon laces if that's your style.", "The shoes are beautiful they are feminine without being girly. Very comfortable and lightweight. I would definitely recommend to anyone.", "Im very excited , i have this very good shoes, now i can run to everywhere, and go to the gym.", "Got these for my daughter but she did not like them. My wife however, enjoys them greatly and they are now her &#34;go to&#34; footwear for outdoor activities. She describes them as comfortable and quite light on her feet.", "These shoes fit perfectly and the colors were super cute. The price and the quality of these shoes were great. So happy with my purchase!", "Great running shoe for a consistent runner. Lightweight and breathable. Bright colors are reflective when running at dusk or at night.", "Great product, I like the type of shoesand quality of the product, it fitted correctly. I use it almost everyday", "My favorite shoes ever! They're so light and comfortable and I've ran almost 100 miles in them and they still have life!", "I love pink and I love gray!! These shoes are very nice and very comfy!!:) And they had arrived fast!", "I have searched and searched for shoes to wear as I do my Insanity workout. These are amazing! Fit perfect, love these and will buy another pair.", "Love the fit and feel, it is a  wonderful workout shoe! The shoe fits true to size and is so light you feel like you are walking on air!", "I bought this shoe for my daughter who is doing some running to increase her stamina for dance. Nikes are her best fit and she loves these. The flexible sole seems to keep shin splints at bay.", "These shoes are perfect for working out. They are fit, light and comfortable. they dont hurt my feet at all, but I did buy a 7 1/2 and I normally wear a 7.", "My sister loved the shoes I gave her. Are great to run. And also love the desing. Good product thanks", "I love these shoes!  I received on time and am totally satisfied.  These are the most comfortable shoes I have ever owned!", "Great shoes! I love the pink and the style and they are very comfortable! I would so buy again! thanks.", "I love these shoes! I love them so much, I have three different colored pairs of them! They are comfortable enough for you to walk around in all day the first day you get them. Because of the mesh, there is a minimal breaking in period.", "I am very satisfied with this shoe. The color is great and the fit is perfect. They are very light and comfortable. Would definately buy again in a different color. Only complaint is that they were a little tight by the toes at first but once i got them broken in they were great!", "Comfortable. Nice fit. Looks great. Who can give nike a bad review?", "i really loved the nike flex experience rn the size was great, the colours really lovely!! the model very confortable", "These can as expected and are extremely comfortable. I can walk for hours feeling cushioned & not have aching feet  which is wonderful! I  would highly recommend these shoes , great price, great quality!", "I bought these a while back and love them.  They are so comfortable to run in as well as do weight training in.  I just got some ASIC Noosa Tri 9 to run instead of the Nike's however, I feel the Nike's are better padded.  The quality of the shoe is great, but I've always found that Nike has really good quality tennis shoes! Plus this ones look super cute :)", "These are really nice shoes. I play tennis in mine and have noticed that they are exceptionally comfy and &#34;easy on the eye&#34;.Would Totally Recommend.", "My last pair of Nike sneakers lasted 3 years ! This is a well made product that is quality plus. I wear them everyday and have really put them to the test. Shipped quickly . Nike does run a bit small as I have experienced in the past, so while I normally wear a 5 1/2. I ordered a 6. Perfect, and its not always easy to find smaller sizes available.  But  Nikes got them ! Yay Nike, and Amazon ! Great price.", "I would definitly by this shoe again and more like it. Which shouldn't be hard because it comes in so many colors.", "This is the most beatiful sneaker I ever saw. very light. very comfy. not thick. perfect for Miami.Highly recommend it.", "There beautiful. and all the drama and hell i Gave ups,fox news and amazon.com the shoes were well worth the hassel and i actually got the pink and gray ones. loved it. and sorry amazon customer serverice", "I put them on and never had to break them in. They are super comfy and i love running in them because they have great support and are light weight", "These shoes are great for comfort. I don't do much running but love to go walking or to the park with my kids in them! They look great with jeans too! Would reccomend :)", "A very good buy. This shoe is of excellent quality, very well made&#8203;&#8203;. It is just the measure of the foot, do not mind at all. I can walk and I do not mind the shoes. Very good combination of colors.", "Just what I needed in a light weight shoe for treadmill and other gym work. I've gotten many complements on classy not too loud appearance, they are fun to wear.", "These shoes are okay, I'd say they are good quality. They are a bit heavy on the feet, but I don't get tired in them. True to size, I just wish I should of saved my money on better Nikes.", "they are a great fit I wore them to work all day and they were comfortable , I really like them .", "Not as much support as I would have liked but they are comfortable.  No doubt, I am happy with the purchase.", "is not necesary really say too much, mi wife is happy with those sport shoes, my too I like it thans.", "These are by far my fave sneakers now I just can't live without them; they are just so comfy & cute!", "I purchased the Nike Women's DOWNSHIFTER 5 Running Shoes.  They fit great.  Great experience shopping online.  Would recommend and plan to purchase again in the future when the need arises.", "I love this sneaker. I have narrow feet and these fit fantastic. They are well made and very comfortable for this 60+ lady.They are still comfortable after wearing all day and the colors are so nice, right in style!", "I chose this rating because the shoe was just a bout everything I expected, comfort, quality and good looks. I didn't give it a 5 so that it had some room to improve. I would recommend this product to anyone. It's the Nike brand, what can I say?", "I bought this as a present for my gf.she loves then, they are very confortable, light and they look great.", "I love it!I use these to workout. They're cute and fit just how I expected! They have a nice arch in my foot, but not too much that it hurts.", "Thank you for the great prices! I am enjoying my jogs a lot more and many compliments. I recommend to any runners!", "They are okay. Not as good as expected. I don't wear them often but I got them for a good price.", "The shoes are super comfy, and fit true to size.  I would definitely buy them again.  They are pretty cute on, too.  :)", "I love these shoes!! I don't regret buying these...but they are not suitable for rain. Other than that, it's fine!!", "Very good quality shoes. They are Very comfy an even though brand new! Definitely recommend! Going for Nikes from now on.", "I purchased these for my mom and she LOVED them!! They fit perfect! AND LOOKED VERY CUTE and i loved the color", "Super comfortable, i love those. i am going to gym and doing zumba in those! very satisfied with this purchase.", "probably the most comfortable shoe I currently own. First shoe I didn't have to break in. Relaced them to widen the toe box, lots of give due to the mesh/fabric. I love them!", "I am a fan of Nike shoes.  They fit me perfectly and they hold my foot firmly in place.  I have worn only Nike running shoes for 15 yrs.", "The running shoes were gift and the recipient expressed great satisfaction.The shoes lived up to lofty expectations. Thank you.", "They are great. Expensive for socks, but they are really nice and seem to wash up well. I have only had them a few weeks, but happy with purchase so far.", "As far as socks go, these socks rock! So many people stop me to ask about my socks and I like that!", "Very good quality of material and my son enjoys them", "Decent socks - would buy again, would be really great if they were a bit big so it helps with not getting tanned :)", "This is the first time I find lebron socks in stock. It is a really good item and I totally recommend it.", "These Lebron James nike elites were very comfortable and well fitting. They are great for basketball and I highly reccomend them for baskeball players.", "My son loves these socks as well as all Nike Elite Basketball Crew Socks.  I know they are somewhat pricey, but they last a long time.  I wash these socks 3 times a week and they look brand new.  The cushion and compression are perfect for my 14 year old.", "Very good and comfortable socks and they came faster than expected and that's good business thanks &#34;AplusAthletics&#34; I do appreciate!!! God bless!!!", "These socks are very durable and meet all of my expectations.  Thank you for such good quality merchandise.  Thank you", "Nice sock but there are slightly better made socks out there at this price point.The pads around the ankle areas are not well placed.  *Maybe it's just how my feet are???Otherwise, the fit is nice and the heel is just deep enough.I really like the color patterns.", "I love the colors and I really want this Lebron style elite sock, but too big. Please stock in Large 8-12", "These are fine for boys but are to large for most girls,I thought they were to expensive but I think they are close to price in most retail shops.", "Look at the socks. Look at that Sexy Over the Calf design. It is so sexy that after you wear it on even your calf have crush on it. This sexy socks definitely worth 300 dollars. Definitely.There is no way that you will get sexier socks than this. I've been saving my money for this. I even skipped 7 days for this and went to hospital, but I did not pay anything even in hospital. I escaped from the hospital. They thoughtI'm thief so I got shot in the chin, but it's okay! Because if people see my sexy socks, who gives a crap, right?", "Over all, this is a nice sock.The top of the sock goes right to the bottom of my knee. Maybe just a tad too tall, by like one inch or slightly more.The padded area around the ankles could be better positioned.I'm happy with this purchase.UPDATE :  The foot size of this sock is certainly larger than the Crew length version. Also the color (red) parts of the sock bleed dye really bad.  Despite all that, I would still order another pair some time.", "This running shoes is perfect for a long ride they are confortable and fit really great. Anyone could use it and the tecnology is great for stability.", "I love the shoes. they are comfy and great for jogging.On days I am not jogging or my days off from work and school they are good to wear around the house taking care of Chores, Laundry and the sort.", "Is a very good shoes for trainning , for a workout, and for professional runners, because the show is very confortable", "This shoes is very Dynamic Support Platform & lightweight & Comfortable.I recommedn it, best shoes ever I had since long time.", "I have run with Brooks running shoes for the past few years but wanted to get back to a Nike+ shoe, in order to leverage the Nike+ community.  This has turned out to be a great shoe:  lightweight but still good with stability support.", "was worth the dollars invested great products and great attention fromthe vendor recommended 100%was worth the dollars invested great products and great attention from the vendor recommended 100%", "Need I say more?  Best combination of support and cushioning of all the running shoes I have ever owned, period.", "This is one of the best Nike shoes I have ever owned. They have a solid feel different from some Nike shoes. Very comfortable and stable. Also a great look, even better than the photo.", "The shoe sizing in europe is different then in the united states, So my shoes didn't fit. very dissapointed about it", "these has shoes have make the difference when it comes to running or joggin. it helped me to endure more work out.", "shoes fit nicely, are as nice looking as picture.  Receiver was very pleased with they way they fit and looked", "Pros light shoes great for running nice design fairly well priced cons: some tightness below the toes maybe get a size bigger than your regular size", "Fit great and they are really light weight. Would recommend to anyone. Love the colors, the neon color on the shoe is reflective and makes you feel safe.", "This pair has been the single best pair of running shoes I have owns.  Super comfortable for runs 10 miles and below. I would not recommend this for a half or full marathon unless you run light on your feet.  I am 146 lbs and these seem to run low enough in the heel for the perfect run for my weight.  The show is not too stable if you are looking for stability.  I would recommend Mizuno's for more stability. but that's a different review.  Off the track, these are the most comfortable sneaker I have worn as a casual sneaker if you are going to be on your feet all day.", "I have run a few thousand miles in the last three years and went through many types of shoes. I started with the traditional running shoes, like Brooks, and while they looked nice, I learned that I didn't like the tall heels. I have three pair of Free with the lowest drop and am fine with the really low heal. I have a Brooks Ghost with Gore-Tex that I use when it is raining, but they are heavy and also have too tall a heel and the laces come undone.This Free Run+ 3 Shield is the single best pair I have ever had. They are light. The laces never come undone. They look good with street clothes. They have lasted a long time (didn't fall apart for me, even though they did for someone else (I am only 145 lbs)). The heel is taller than the Free with the lowest-drop, but feels just right. The &#34;Shield&#34; was not too hot even in warmer weather, but it is *not* waterproof like Gore-Tex. If you step in a puddle, you will get wet. That all being said, and knowing that limitation, they are *still* the single best pair of shoes  that I have had because they are so good in so many ways.Buy 1/2 size larger than you normally use. Maybe even 1 full size larger if your normal shoes are snug. I always was an 8.5 in other brands - maybe a 9. In these I am a 9.5.", "I have a condition known as Haglund's deformity (also called \"Bauer bump\").  It's a growth that irritates the bursa on your heel that protects the Achilles tendon.  I look for shoes with very soft counter and *no* heel cup.  These fit the bill.  I bought three pair.", "He wears them for work because they are comfortable for him to be in all day, even though I bought them hoping we could jog together...", "My husband loved these shoes. He said it was just what he needed to take his training to another level.", "It fits perfectly it works great and it's awesome it's a really nice pair of Nike running trail shoes .", "fit is  great, has not fallen apart  readily and he says is comfortable would buy again color did not fade", "I bought these for trail running but have found that I like wearing them all the time. Great shoe for a good price.", "Great comfort. Love the color and design. Price? Well, they are Nike after all. Have another, in a different color scheme, already on the way.", "I bought these shoes and I think that was an excellent decision, are so soft, not heavy. For this I recomnd 100%...", "these shoes have a extraordinary color, are very original, when I run for the night are very nice, very good product", "My favorite running shoes to date.  I've owned Asic's, Mizuno, and other Nike running shoes all around the $100-$150 price range.  These so far have been the best in comfort and light weight with still decent support.  The only thing I'm unsure of is how they would hold up to running on gravel roads and trails since the outer sole area is split vertically and could potentially get rocks and debris caught in the vertical slats.  Style is great too.  I get a lot of positive comments on the shoes, which obviously isn't important but is a nice benefit.", "fantastic shoes they are better than i thought they were going to be , quick delivery might even buy my self another pair cheers", "AWESOME SHOESI cant begin to say how awesome these shoes are, comfort wise. I got the orange ones because I though hey why not have some flashy shoes right? I just personally didn't like the color of the shoes. If you like the color then its its a 5/5.", "Excellent runners, highly recommended quality light weight shoe. I usually wear Asics Kayano but will not look back after purchasing these.", "I ordered these shows for my 13 year old grandson. He loved them because he said they are light weight, wears well, and look good! As long as he's satisfied, I am. The price was reasonable compared to some others I checked, but still expensive for a growing boy. He has changed shoe sizes 3 times in the last 6 months! They were delivered on time as promised.", "I love this shoe. Been getting them ever since the first version came out. Not worth the wait though. About a month shipping? Rather pay more at Nike outlet .", "Great feeling fit.  Super lightweight.  I the shoe size was consistent with my normal shoe size. Very happy with these shoes!", "febble doesn't stuck as like other snikers. I love it. Also light as feathers. If I had another chance, I would buy this again", "These are by far the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn. They are very light and flexible with more than enough ventilation.", "tremendo zapatos para caminar correr......excelente para todo asi  es teremnedo zapatos comprenlo es bueno lo quiero mucho ok asi es", "very comfortable and breathable, but I should have ordered a full size larger..other than that I have had many compliments!", "My 15 yo loves these sneakers - good support for running and even great looking.  This is his second pair.", "He told me they fit perfectly and are great for the athletic activities he enjoys.  I'd recommend them if you're looking for a good athletic shoe.", "My son loved these shoes very light and durable. Very satisfied w these shoes plus my son is an auburn fan so loved colors", "Excellent pair of shoes, very stable, and keep your feet cool and fresh all the time. I definitely recommend them for jogging and trainning.", "High quality, high bounce.  No complaints.  SEAHAWK COLORS TOO.  GO HAWKS.  Definitely worth the price for this shoe, very happy.", "I ordered this 2012 Nike for Trinidad Carnival, this is the perfect match for my costune. The quality of Nike speaks for itself, The fit was perfect as I own several other pairs of the 2012 Air Max.", "What a shame. These have been my go-to shoe for ages. I'm a 200lb runner who does 8km runs 3-4 times per week. These have been the best shoes for my somewhat achy knees. In fact, with these, I know no ache through the Summer.Unfortunately, these fit too small.Vendor was awesome. Took them right back, and reimbursed me.", "Great shoes, size fit perfectly on my 10,5 US.Surprisingly lightweight, good arch support, cushioning satisfactory.Run for more than 100 km, no problem.I recommend!", "I have about 6 pairs of these they are great but not for cold weather also I seem to wear them out rather quickly but they are very nice and I keep buying them.", "I really love these shoes! I wear a 10.5, however I noticed that Nikes run a little narrow so I bought a size 11. Perfect fit! They feel so comfortable. Zero break-in time. I would definitely buy another pair to replace when these wear out.", "Out of the box this shoe is magic. Light, flexible, and a sole with sufficient support. The only problem I'm having is I keep pulling a tendon in my calf when I'm running, but that's a reflection of my running style.", "great colors...nice style, super light.  not super comfortable but i do like them.  i bought them for work events as they are our school colors and they look great.  Go Bulls!!", "great product with a good price,enjoyed running using my new pair of vomero7,waitin for the new vomero 8 to try it", "This is what he says really. He goes to gym and claims he tirelessly walks and runs on the band. He never felt more comfortable in a running shoe pair.", "THESE ARE GREAT LOOKING SHOES FOR THE COST. THEY FIT PERFECT AND THE SHOES LOOK EXACTLY AS DEPICTED . I GET A LOT OF COMPLIMENTS ON THESE SHOES.", "These shoes are perfect for my boyfriend who is constantly around the water. Also they are very comfortable, soft and we are going to purchase one more pair in a different color.", "The shoe looked good on picture and video but in reality this shoe is heavy and big. This shoe isn't comfortable for walk or running. I wouldn't recommend buying this shoe!", "The shoes fit as expected, they were in good conditions and the purchase went as expected. Good product and good seller.", "I really liked these shoes. I used them to go running and exercise a lot in them at the gym. Nice comfort.", "Very comfortable, wear without socks, great looking...reasonably priced Nike shoes.I receive compliments all the time great looking with jeans or khakis...", "These are my son's favorite sneaker. He's gotten a pair every year for school, and as his feet grow we always replace with the next size of Nike dual fusion. Comfortable, light, durable...a great all-around shoe!", "This footwear is very comfortable and fits perfectly. It also allows proper ventilation. It has a good grip on the ground. I love it just the way it is.", "Comfortable, no break-required, good Nike quality. Wow really? You really need fourteen more words to complete this survey? Wow Really?", "My son loves these shoes, he said they're very comfortable. I bought them to wear with his school uniform so he gets a lot of wear out of them.  He wears a size 13, plays sports and complains about sore feet quite often, that's why I try to purchased them.", "I love this shoe! It's great to wear during hit days, especially in the summer, because it's light, air flows into the show and it keeps your feet from sweating excessively. I use it when working out at home or going to the gym and it feels very comfortable. I wouldn't recommend using it while running on a dirt track because it's easy for dirt to get inside your shoes. When working out on hard surfaces or if looking for a comfortable shoe, I definitely recommend this one.", "i love it shoes are really comfortable i can not found these shoes in venezuela definitely are better than my dual fusion", "I like it because it's very comfortable and helpful since I have to stay stand all the time at work , it's exultant !", "These shoes are pretty comfortable and seem like a good deal.  Been wearing them for awhile now and they still feel new.  I think I will see if I can buy another pair...", "These shoes are what I would expect from a name like Nike.  Comfortable, lightweight and have a very high quality feel to them.  I am  not always been a Nike fan (especially concerning their boots) but these shoes have met and exceeded my expectations.  I also feel the colors are very vibrant without being too &#34;loud&#34;. To me they feel amazing to run in and very supportive.  Of course Nike feels sized slightly small to me so I always order about a half size larger than I need (ordered a 13 where I fit in 12.5's and rarely 12's in other brands) so I would just keep that in mind. Great work Nike!", "I don't run/jog really, but I do take my dog for long walks and occasionally do run a block or so with her.  I usually wear a size 11 in almost all shoes and went with 11.5 for these and they fit perfectly.  So I'd suggest going up a 1/2 size from your typical leisure shoe size.  The price was good and I like how they fit and look.", "Bought these for my son.  He was very pleased and said the shoes were great.  Comfortable and a good price.", "Very Good shoes. Si deseas un zapato c&oacute;modo para la actividad deportiva esta es uno de ellos, c&oacute;modo suave y de buen soporte.", "I love these shoes. I have received several compliments on them when wearing them. Even though they are running shoes, they look great with a pair of shorts on a hot day, and are very comfortable to walk in for long periods of time.", "They were alright but I ordered them when I was in Afghanistan and theres nothing but gravel rocks everywhere and they got tore up in 3 months from walking around the COP in them.  Good indoor crossfit shoes and for running on pavement.", "Comfortable, everyone who sees them wants them.  The last pair of nikes i bought had an embarrassing squeak to them when i walked.  These do not.", "Like cotton arround my feets. I am thinking to get same but other colour.  Ideal for diary use. I think some breathable cover for moisture would be a good idea.", "Nike is always has a good products and i am loving it.Nike is always has a good products and i am loving it.", "Very good quality, very comfortable and fulfill my expectation from a running shoes. will recommend them to any kind of professional  and basic runner", "pretty, fresh, confortable and light shoes, just i requiered, to walk, run, and more. like all nike produtc's. 100 % recommended", "These were a gift but he really did like them.  They fit perfectly. I'm sure he would buy similar shoes in the future.", "i use them every day to run and go to the gym, these are perfect, are working very well for me so far.", "These are a great buy! Lightweight, comfortable, and they do a good job of supporting my feet. I've never had workout shoes I liked better. For the money these are great shoes.", "the item is light perfect for runningthey are te perfect coloryou do not have to wash them so oftenthanks", "Hubby was excited to get these shoes!  I ordered them for him as a birthday gift ans they arrived as expected on time! Shoes looked exactly like the pictures. Great running shoe!", "These shoes are decent. Me and some other friends used them for marching band and noticed that on all pairs the rubber waffle has started coming off. Besides this the shoes were very comfortable and had great grip.", "This is a very cool shoe. It is extremely confortable, and a pleasure to wear.It's very colorful and draws a lot of attention.", "I think this shoes will become more comfortable over time but they are not there yet. These are definitely more of just a gym shoe, not meant for running..", "I bought a pair of the Nike Duel Fusion in San Antonio when we were walking around town and all I had were flip flops and loved them. On our way home, someone stole them out of our car at a rest stop... I guess they needed shoes more than I did.I bought these to replace them and they are still my go-to pair of shoes.", "These shoes are great for my son, he stands on his feet all day working and the help his feet feel good. Loves the color combo.", "This my second pair of Pegasus,  I wore the first pair much too long, I am so glad to finally have the second pair, after an injury I had stopped running and began walking on the treadmill, only with this shoe I began to run again and it feels great, nicely cushioned and good looking too!!", "Great ItemMy hubby really likes them, worked out great for our hiking trip; we will be ordering more similar shoes in the future.", "Nice shoe and exactly as advertised. I had a different version of the shoe last year and really liked them. I highly recommend the shoes.", "They fit perfect. just what i expected to be. I'm a nike lover and they still making quality products. recommended", "I've had these for some time, maybe 9 months?  I wear them at least 3 days a week for 9 hour shifts at a lab I work in.  I'm mostly on my feet so they were pretty comfortable, the insole is beginning to wear out as expected...but I've put a lot of walking into them.  An insole replacement is in order, and then they should be good another 6 months.", "Just started running and this shoe not only looks great, it feels great. It's light weight and very comfortable. Great all around.", "I am very happy with this shoe for my son.  It is true to size and is very comfortable.  We purchased it for running and training for football.  There are &#34;hotter&#34; colors, but my son is more plain.  He loves it!!", "Comfortable, light weight, casual. In brief a great Nike product. Perfect for running or just to use them with a pair of jeans!", "These are really light and breathable and are hands down the best running shoes I've ever owned. The whole marketing around the flexibility thing I thought at first was just some other gimmick Nike cooked up, but it actually does what is says. The shoe isn't rigid and if you pay attention you'll notice a discreet difference in the impact absorption when running or walking. The price makes it even more worth it and did I mention how nice they look?If I could think of a con, it would be that the paint used on the swoosh seems like it won't go the distance and will strip. I could be wrong though but either way it isn't a deal breaker. I recommend !", "I would reccomend this shoe to anyone who is after a great running shoe, my feet don't get sore as they have in previous shoes", "Its always been difficult for me to buy comfortable fitting shoes since i have a wide foot , but these shoes fit great ! I would highly recommend buying from this seller. Shoes arrived ahead of time excellent service.", "Yes, daughter... Some ladies have wide feet, Nike Men's to the rescue!  They fit her well, are comfy, and had a short break in, so she's happy.", "very good condition and arrived very quickly perfect taste are comfortable I liked the colors is to me and to use on Christmas Eve December 24", "My son loves brand names, I love comfort. I guess we both won with Nike. Light weight shoe that can be worn all day and dries fast should they get wet.", "He seem's to like them very much.The problem he had, was that, they're glued, not stiched.He wears them to casule event's.", "Not bad, I wish it could last me more.  It wore out but still comfortable to use for just walking around the house.  I enjoy it while it last, good product.", "Very comfortable and light. Seems to keep my feet cool. Thankfully not gaudy. Good shoe for the price, would buy again.", "great sneaker, came at reasonable time. nothing bad to say. love the color, and she will be buying more to come", "I bought these for my 7 yr old daughter, she absolutely loves them, she put them on right away and had to show everyone! They fit wonderfully and were just as described, shipping was also fast, thank you!", "This shoe is awesome! I love the fact that it super lightweight and super flexible. I'm a runner trying to get back in shape and my trail running Nike shoe was too much for the gym. This is perfect for working out and for running the treadmill. It is not tight around the feet, and it hasn't caused any blisters on me - I got a size 7.5. I love the color too, it's vibrant and fun and it makes you want to work out more! If you are looking for a shoe with a lot of support, I wouldn't recommend this shoe, however, if you are looking for that shoe that doesn't have all the extras, just a light, simple support shoe for working out in the gym, this is perfect. The quality of the shoe is great, very durable, been using it for a month and a half. I'll say this though, the seller is selling this style higher than the price going for on Nike.com... and doesn't have Nike sensor that most shoes do... maybe it's the color? Shop around to see if this the best priced in Amazon or elsewhere. However, if color is a priority, I don't see this color any where else.", "Good long sleeve shirt made of a wool blend.  Keeps me warm while not being too bulky when running.  It does however, have a tendency to smell a bit when wet.", "I run about 30 miles a week and use this wool zip fleece jacket a lot.  This has a great fit and it stays dry.", "i have nothing to say really please let me shop this is ridiculous please go away really I just wat toshop ok really I just want to shop okay please for me do that.", "good quality hat.  does well to absorb sweat as well durung intense workouts.  fits very well...snug....mesh material much better than the dri fit.", "Great shoe. Very comfortable, support in all the right places. Can't say enough how great the color is...definitely an eye catcher if not easily visible for night running. Definitely recommend the Lunarglide+ 4, especially in electric green.", "These are great shoes. True to size, color is correct. Great service. Arrived on time. Nothing negative about this product.", "This is a Great Shoe! Gives the foot a lot of support. It is very comfortable to wear and my grandson loves the look.", "My son (12) loved these shoes.  He had to have black, grey or white shoes for school.  The color on the bottom is much brighter than the image shown, but he loved that.", "The shoes are for my son. He really likes them and he likes how light weight they are. The only caution is they have a very high arch.", "ordered for my son who absolutely loves them and wears them every day. Super light and great color. will probably order another pair.", "my grandson said the new nike free run 3 are the best shoes he has had he wares them everywhere but to bed", "This is my grandson's 2nd pair.  He wears them all the time.  He likes the fact that they are light weight and flexible.", "I am happy with this shoe and the price.  My little boy is really tall for his age and outgrows his shoes in just a few months so I don't want to spend any more than this on a shoe for him.  I like Nike for his foot shape and ordered a size larger than his last one.  It fits great and I will order another pair soon I am sure.  ;-)", "Great shoes, great price.  Good for everyday wear or for those cross country runs.  Really comfortable and provides great support.", "He doesn't like shoestrings and he only wanted one velcro strap not two.  The Nike Free Run shoes were perfect for him.  A bit spendy for a 7 yr old, but they fit great, look great and hopefully he won't grow out of them too quickly.", "This sneaker fits my boy wonderfully and he loves the colors and especially the Nike symbol.  He thinks it resembles lasers.", "first time ordering shoes online- shoe box was just bagged-so was banged up a bit butthey arrived quickly- well made and true to size", "These shoes were for a five year old who was extremely excited about the gift. He wanted some basketball shoes and these fit wonderfully!", "I like the shoe but the fit is really tight...order at least one size up not really the best Nike I have purchased", "They fit great and are comfortable. They should have made the Velcro strap a bit longer so I leave it unhooked.", "They are a little pricey but, they look great on my daughter for school and the gym. She is 10 yrs. and they fit true to size.", "The Nike Air Max shoes fit perfectly and I am delighted to have found a pair to replaced the pair I had that is getting worn.", "These shoes are great! They are supportive and fit well. I am a nurse and on my feet all day. I need supportive shoes and these fit the bill. My feet are a bit wide and I sometimes need a wide shoe, but these fit perfectly.", "I'm satisfied. The product was fully my expectations. Size, color, style. They were as the description. I'm happy with this product", "My husband has 2 of these, and he's very picky when it comes to quality. Both have been washed dozens of times and they still remain like new. Very happy with this find.", "Hi, I need a 4.5 size of this soccer shoes do you have??? I got size 2.5 and their are perfect my child loved them now his brother also wants them!!!", "AwesomeThey fit so well and they are so nice my son loved them so much. Go mercurial cleats Wahoo", "I was a bit worried about the fit for my son.  He wears 5.5 in other NIKE shoes and these were a bit bigger, but a good fit since his foot is still growing like crazy.  Great price. Easy to order.", "good for boy  na ana na na na na na ana  na na na anan an an an a a", "Lighter than picture but just as adorable. I absolutely love them and they are comfortable. Throw on and go type sneakers.", "She loves the bright colors and says they are very comfortable. Seem to be true to size. She hasn't worn them in a game yet but she has had several pairs of Nike, I anticipate they will perform just fine.", "My 8 year old is BIG into soccer and he wanted a new pair of indoor soccer shoes. He found these on Amazon all by himself and saved up his money to purchase them. They were a great price for the shoe. My son is really hard on shoes, he plays hard every day and they don't normally last but these ones have lasted several months and they are still in great condition. He loves the bright colors and gets regular compliments on them which makes him smile :)", "They are a great indoor shoe for the price. They fit nice and she loves the way they look. She believes they make her run faster", "I received these quickly. They have held up great with a kid who wears them everyday. Plus during basketball games. We have had these for about three months now and I highly recommend.", "CONSIDERING THE GIRL'S BB SHOES WHERE SO MUCH MORE EXPENSIVE, I JUST SUBTRACTED 2 SIZES FROM WHAT SHE IS NOW IN WOMEN'S AND THAT WAS HER SIZE IN THESE SHOES. THEY LOOK GREAT ON HER! AND SHE LOVES THEM.", "Bought for my 3 year old basketball loving grandson, hasn't taken them off except to sleep. He likes everything Nike and DUNKS  great in them..", "Just what I had anticipated. Very comfortable, light weight and stylish. Adds just enough warmth and is a quiick dry.", "Love love love! I had these when I was a kid and it feels as if I'm young again. I want black ones now!", "I Loved them I found them very useful in basketball. They made me jump higher and run faster Thank YOU.", "I love my new shoes, they are so comfortable and I would recommend these to anyone looking for shoes that are in style and comfortable!!", "Good quality exactly what i needed for an outgoing two year, old who gets into every and anything. Jumping,tumbling, flipping", "my girlfriend loves it..she it is the most comfortable pair of shoes she has to get her thru the rest of her pregnancy..", "I love these sneakers and how they look on my daughter.  What a great fit and great design.I wish you could get more like this and in different colors. I would buy more.", "the sneakers are nice but I want a different color. It will work. My son uses it to ride his bike.", "Great pair of boots. My daughter was in love with the color will be buying another pair this year. Great", "my granddaughter liked the shoes, although she already had a similar pair from North Face that she liked much better.", "My daughter seems to like them and they look very high quality. They also do what they are supposed to do and keep her feet dry and warm. Nice product.", "I purchased these for my daughter and she loves them.  She wears them a lot and the fit is perfect.", "I love these shoes and I was wondering when will they be available because I would like to purchase them, & for how much are you offering for these shoes? thank you!", "I choose tenis rate becaouse it wAs exactly wat i looking for. And arrived ataque the day of they tell me. Nice product", "My son plays college football and is extremely happy with the weight, traction, comfort and look of the cleats. Happy with the product.", "My daughter uses them for soccer & field lacrosse and is very happy with them, they are light and comfortable", "A bit big but nice product. My daughter liked the style and received lots of compliments regarding this, I would buy again.", "I wear a 34C regular bra and this in size medium works great for me.  Stays where it should and does not cause any discomfort while running or working out.", "Very nice sneakers , it fits very well and it's like as described", "Great quality socks, I just wanted to let others know that the packaging has a suggested retail of: $14.00, not $21.99, the original price was covered with a sticker, curiosity always makes me peel it off to see what the hidden amount was....Just FYI.", "My granddaughter just LOVES them. In fact she asked for more.  Would wear them every day if her mom let her.", "I got what I needed to get, the quality is really superior . very comfortable,fit well and wash well. I'd buy them again in the future if I needed to buy more.", "I love these socks! Found them by accident when I was stuck on travel having to buy running shoes and socks because my plantar fasciitis problem recurred. All I could find in black crew style were boy's socks. (I wear a woman's 8, which is a boy's 6, shoe.) These socks fit tight which is fine by me. Once I get them on, my feet feel so good. If I've been wearing hard-soled or non-supportive shoes, I pay the price with pain the next day. So sometimes I just wear a fresh pair of these socks to bed with Topricin rubbed in beforehand. Voila! No morning foot pain.", "My 9 year old son wanted these socks so badly.  Apparently they are all the rage with the teenagers.  Bought these for him and he loves them.  They wear and wash well.  Very happy with my purchase.", "I bought these socks for my ten-year-old son, and they fit him perfectly. He is hard on socks and shoes, but these socks hold up through his many activities.", "I wasnt sure about these socks.  my son put them in his wishlist.  they actually are great socks, nice and thick and fit really well.  I have been looking for more just like them, but in white.  always out of my son's size... will keep on it.", "My son loves these socks.  He wears a size 6 shoe and these fit perfectly.  They wash and dry well.", "Good socks at a fair price. Fast service. These socks feel good on your feet, give support stay up in any shoe and they last.", "both of my children wanted these for volleyball as they like the comfort and padding/wicking they provide. Good quality and price.", "We purchased these socks at a sports store in town  and the only size they had turned out too big when we got home.  So we found the correct size online.  They arrived as promised and fit perfectly.  Thank you!  My grandson was thrilled when the truck pulled up with the package!!", "As a female Firefighter it is often hard to find good black uniform socks that fit.  I have found a winner in these socks.  They keep my feet comfortable, they stay up in my fire boots. I spend a lot of time on my feet, taking shoes & boots on & off and Im very happy with these socks. The socks hold up and I get 1 to 1/2 year of use out of each pair.", "Good fit. My MS son loves to wear black socks with slides. They are a good thickness and don't seem to stretch out of shape.", "The boys love the thickness without being hot, I love how they don't fade and neither droop or are too tight", "The cool thing for my 9 yr old son to wear right now!!  Everyone has a pair.  Washes up well!", "great product and received very quickly. No need for extra postage since it arrived so quickly. My son loves them", "I bought these for my son for Christmas and he loves them.  He wears a youth size 6 and they fit perfectly.", "would really like to also get these in white too - but I need black for work -  great socks - nike  keep well washing after washing  -ty", "My son is extremely tough on all his clothes.  These socks are well made and can handle the rough and tumble life of a 10 year old boy.  They fit perfectly and most importantly to him, they stay in place and don't sag down to his ankles.", "These are good socks, nice length and they worked great for my son's basketball uniform!  I have never bought socks online before, I was pleased!!!", "The product is great. They fit good. Last very long. Good pricing for the amount of socks you get in the package.", "These run very small and fit low on the leg...just above the ankle. Now very attractive and my grandson wasn't very happy with the fit or the look.", "Purchased these for my son who wears a size 16 shoe. The fit is great and they wash up great.", "Great product .Just didn't fit our sports nut .Ordered different size that worked out a lot better. Great for all sports.", "These socks fit my 10 year old boy with a size 4 shoe perfectly.  He likes their heavier weight.  They are lasting very well with lots of wear for sports.  Preferred over the similar Adidas crew socks, which we also purchased, due to stretch, wicking, and fit.", "good price and good quality made. i have put them through couple of washes already and the color hasn't faded yet.", "All the boys are into the look of these socks. My boys were pleased. I have had several moms ask where to get them. I sent them here!", "great deal great price. What else can I say it's socks", "I found them at a great price at Amazon a year ago. They are cool, dry and confortable. Take into account that birdies and eagles are not included ;)", "My husband ordered several of these shirts and he loves them. They are very comfortable, and are great to wear on hot days (especially if you sweat a lot). Love them.", "MY SON DID NOT HAVE TO BREAK THE SHOES IN AND HE JUST WORE IT RIGHT AWAY.  WOULD BUY AGAIN.", "I love Shox shoes... wish they made these classic ones, still.  I wear an 8.5 in women's shoes and these are snug in a size 6 but do-able.  Love the way they look with jeans.  The black trim is shiny, like patent.  Colors: vibrant.  Wish Nike would make classic shox again!!!!", "My son loves these shoes, he actually wore them out before he grew out of them, fit is good, clean up nicely.", "I love this jacket! It fits well and is not bunchy. The Dri-fit lining is only on the core (not in the sleeves) but this is fine for me. It's perfect for spring running and has plenty of ventilation. It could also be used for an extra layer under a ski jacket, rain coat, or wind breaker. I love the color as well. Just perfect.", "Best shoe I ever had. Best design n fit me well. Cheap and good. will be getting more for mmyy children from selerr", "Awesome.  Just another sneaker to my collection I am a sneaker head who needs to have all unique shoes and kicks to be on top", "My son love these shoes. The size, the color, and the price was perfect for him. Wants to order more stuff now.", "My baby looks great in them. They do meet my expectations. Now all three of us have matching shoes. (mom, dad, and baby)", "these are some nice looking shoes but they come a lil tight. other than that theyre great i wear them the most out of all the other j's i have", "Got these as a replacement for Nike zoom vomero series. I LOVED vomero's due to their top notch cushioning. However, on the latest version they decided to stiffen them up and reduce the cushioning. So people recommended the Pegasus. They are excellent shoes but I think they are still not as well cushioned as the original zoom vomero's...oh well, keep searching I guess.", "our family own 3 pairs of this shoe. Recommend for comfort and stability. This is my daughters 3rd pair of LunarGlides.", "I just purchased these shoes and I love how they look; the colors are great. I'm not a big fan of high top shoes, so I was glad that these are more of a low top. The support is great. The shoes are more narrow than most basketball shoes I have owned. The only issue I have with them is that their narrow build makes them very form fitting and a bit tight around the top of the foot. The price is high but having purchased them I would do it again. Hope this is helpful.", "I bought this for my 7th grader and he loves it. It has plenty of room and it's very durable for school and sports. The only down side was when I ordered it, we ordered the bue one because that's his favorite color but the gray one is what we got. Still very happy though...", "Nike isnt what they used to be. I loved nike products because they seemed to be designed by athletes so they always seemed to have that something extra. Not anymore ! i purchased this bag and a similar bag made by adidas. The difference was night and day . Granted i was just looking for a light bag to use when i go biking and this bag does everythig that i need it to BUT when the adidas bag came it really put this bag to shame. If your in need of a bag i highly suggest you forget this bag and check out the adidas bag , you will not be sorrry!!", "Just as described and pictured , has 3 different compartments , one witha zipper. It's waterproof and fits nicely , you probably wouldn't even notice your wearing it sometimes .", "Great product. Came in a decent time, was clean and brand new. Will use it every time I go hiking. I like the adjustable straps and two pockets.", "Nike products seem to be very popular at my son and daughter's school, and this gymsack is no exception.  It's durable and well made, and comes in some nice colors.  The price is reasonable as well.", "exactly what i needed. great colors. great length. comfortable to wear on my back.", "Great color and sizeFits shoes books and water bottles just greatGreat for athletes, easy to Cary around , and looks good", "i really like this gymsack, fit my soccer shoes and more, color its great and just what I expected, fast shipping and good packing, very satisfied", "very good and fits me pretty much. also, it can hold lots of stuffs. i love it very much yes.", "I use it for the gym and it does the job, it's an overall good back pack. I recommend it.", "Gift for my nephew he loves nike items. We was strolling on the Internet and this bag was eye catching to him...", "Great little bag for times when a giant gym bag is too much!  Great price and speedy service.  My husband loves it!", "Great", "I've always been a fan of Nike products, this bag is great and even has a vented side for your gym shoes, towel or whatever you want.  Does what I need it to do so I am one happy customer - also package came on time.", "Great bag, well made, love that I can carry it back pack style and is divided inside.", "Arrived as planned, quality is great. Perfect fits everything needed to play soccer. Glad I purchased it, will buy again!", "I bought this bag for my boyfriend because he goes to the gym everyday and he loves it. It holds all the essentials quite nicely and even opens up to fit in enough clothes. The quality is great and you can adjust it to a comfortable level.", "Cortez collector! I am always looking for unique Nike Cortez shoes as far as color combination and material. I havent seen these in a store ever, so I gave them a shot....overall, they are nice comfy classic Cortez' . Nice.", "super comfy love the shoes i would definately purchase again when i am looking for antoher pair i will let you know", "Perfect thank you very much  very easy shopping  I will shop again through the Web site definitely again  loved it", "I originally bought these for my husband just because he asked for them. When they arrived, he was at work. He was so surprised. He had no clue that I bought them. I bought them a size too big because they didn't have his actual size. Nevertheless, when he tried them on they fit him perfectly. He is happy and so am I. He actually wants about five more pairs to complete his Nike Cortez collection. So hopefully we can find the other four pairs through your store. Thanks for helping me to make my hubby lover happy!", "These are great shoes that were very popular almost a decade ago. It's nice to see them still available, however, they seem to run a bit larger than they used to.", "They are very nice shoes but they do cost a lot for an old style shoe wish they were a little less cost so that we could own all colors", "My husband loves his sneakers.  They look even better on than in the pic! Try them!!Highly recommend these sneakers", "great shoe but this shoe I bpught for my son... it didnt seem like a girls shoe. live the shoe tgough great colors. very durbal eady wash up that doesnt show wear and tear when doing so.", "Cool.corresponded to this product if specified and is satisfied with what has been received. in the future I will continue buying these items.", "Excellent for golfing. . . snug fit, can rest on a cap without falling. The golf lens works in bight light but still allows good sight in the shade or on cloudy days. I now prefer it for driving (in very bight/direct sun a darker tint is still better). They do seem a bit fragile, but very lightweight. Very satisfied after 1 month.", "Ok very  good.corresponded to this product if specified and is satisfied with what has been received. in the future I will continue buying these items.", "I got these shoes from a local store at around the same price. I will be ordering another pair because I am picky when it comes to shoes. I paid more than the current price for my size (77.99). I feel that they run true to size and are so comfortable. They are very light shoes which is great, but have a lot of stability when running. I prefer to run cross country rather than on the road and these work great. As far as the term breathe I cannot agree more. I wore these on a cold day and wow they really do breathe a lot. When I run in them they keep my feet nice and cool, and it really is the first pair that i noticed how much they breathe.All in all great shoes and so far they seem durable. I would recommend these shoes, and I will probably grab another pair probably from Amazon this time before they do not have anymore.", "Thank you very much hooded sweater is excellent my son was fascinated. with this purchaseI'm very comfortable good for this purchase and I congratulate", "great shoe... it's very strong, stylish and perfect fit. it's also easy to clean and the price is rite. could not have gotten it better", "My son wears them over  and  over he loves them they f it  perfectly I love them  they  are perfect  better  than  what  I found  in stores", "so glad i finally copped this fine shoe. This shoe is a perfect fit and I got it for the right price. took less than a week for them to come and I am extremely happy with my purchase and hope to do more business with soleplace soon", "Great quality at a great price, product exactly as described!! My son says this is his new favorite sweatshirt!!  Would buy again.", "LOVE this shoe....geret support. Can't find them in stock anywhere. If anyone knows where I can find them please let me know here. I have searched web sites after web sites, even contracted the Nike site. No luck.", "Love these shoes i run and do a lot of cross training in them an they have kept me comfortable the whole tim..", "I have just got my shows today and they are great. They look very nice. They're way better than the old freeruns; more comfortable, look better, fit better, and more! Definitely worth it if you workout. Also, unlike the old freeruns, they do not squish against your small toe. Got free two day shipping due to my free-trial prime membership and they came on that time, except UPS came around my house at around 7:00 pm but that is probably not amazons fault.", "I really purchase this shoes to my son, He and I run three days a week and recently we participate on \"10K - Ruta de las Iglesias\" the most beautiful race on Ecuador, my Son said, his shoes where spectacular.", "I bought this wallet for my brother for a birthday gift. I was very pleased with it, especially because it came in a collectors tin. I had to mail it to him and it survived....twice. It arrived in wonderful condition. The cost, availablity, and promptness of delivery.", "I've always found Nike to be a great shoe for running. The fit for me is perfect. This model, the &#34;Lunar Glide&#34; is much more suited for me over the &#34;Free Run&#34; model. There's more cushion in the heel area and I like that the Lunar Glide sole does trap rocks inbetween grooves of the sole like the Free Run. Conceptually, the free run was nice idea but I think fails over all compared to the Lunar Glide.", "Nice shirt and feels comfortable and it represents me an uptown soldier", "My son plays basketball and i found that these sucks are the ones that will last the longest. They look very good also. I would recomend this product because of its quality, good looks and durability.", "Excellent quality and confort. Fits good. Its soft great purchase. I recommend it. The package its ok and safe for", "These nike pair of socks are my favorite socks to ware. They are very comfortable and fit nice and snug!", "I needed some more socks because I have been short on Nikes lately, and I wanted some that were just like the ones I have at home. Turned out they were and they fit perfectly.", "Nice socks for wearing around the house: especially as we have a lot of tile floors and my feet get cold.They wear nicely and are comfortable.", "These Nike Men's quarter crew socks are great. I will order more when I need more socks. Shipping was right on time all so.", "these socks appear to be good quality. they were ordered for a xmas gift for my son. i wont know how they fit until he wears them.", "These quarter socks were right on: they fit well, looked good, and they came in the size advertised on their packaging. Comfortable all day, I have no complaints at all with the quality and construction, they are what I have come to expect from Nike.", "I am a size 15 shoe so these socks fit exactly as I wanted them to.  They fit as a low cut because of my larger foot size.", "These Nike socks are a great value for the price. I used them for working out, and although they don't keep moisture out as much as I'd like, I really don't have any complaints. They fit comfortable, come up far enough on the ankle to protect any rubbing from my shoes while I run without being too high as to be too warm or uncomfortable, and look cool with the Nike logo at the top matching my Nike running shoes. Need I say I'm a fan of Nike?Other socks of this caliber that I looked at cost 1 1/2 - 2 times as much. These work great and are a great value; especially for six pairs.", "I own over 3 pairs of this style Nike and these are my favorite. Great neon pink color, great support for feet, and they last long. I wear a size 8 but would recommend a half size bigger for extra comfort. They also shipped on time and came in perfect condition.", "Perfect! exactly what my son loves to wear.  He loved this sneaker and it's all he wears everyday. Perfect for him.", "My Son absolutely loved these shoes, they had great style and comfort.  Good job Nike, we are loyal customers to you.", "These sneaks are awesome!! They are true to size and look fresh with my beast wardrobe. Def a great value.", "I was kind of reluctant on the color, but I like Dunks so much I couldn't resist.As with all Dunks, they fit my feet perfectly, and they do look kinda cool.Very comfortable, very adaptable, great ankle support, and strong soles.That's what matters with me, anyway.Two thumbs up!", "bought them as a gift.the fit is great, they are super light, super comfortable, great choice of colors... cant complain. they are beautiful.", "Looks: This is solely a matter of opinion. I really like minimal/uniform designs. When I find a pair of shoes I like, I buy more than 1 pair, because I am about as picky as they come. That being said, so far I have the black/grey color scheme and I love the look. People have commented on how nice they look just about every time I wear them.Comfort: This is likely a unique issue, but in the beginning there was a stiff thread that was sticking me in the top of my foot. I snipped it and since then they are the most comfortable shoes I have ever owned. I have the old Nike Free 5.0 V4's (2 pair) and they were previously the best I had tried in this category. The stretch mesh upper and the covering that is sort of melted on (not sure what to call this process) feels like wearing a sock on your foot. The sole combines the midsole and outsole into one, eliminating extra bulk and staying true to the barefoot agenda. The tongue is sewn into place (there is stitching there, not sure I could call it a tongue really) and since the upper is stretchy, it is still really easy to get these on. It also eliminates that annoying tongue sliding off-center issue shoes sometimes have (even with that slot for the laces this happens to me often). The added siping (slits) in the arch area make this shoe the most flexible I have ever owned. They breathe extremely well also.Gym Use: I like this shoe a lot for the added feel it gives me, especially when training legs or calves. It is also super comfortable for general exercises and gives me the minimal support I need.Running: I have only run up to 2 miles at a time so far in these, so I can't comment much on that aspect. They have been adequate, although those not used to a barefoot type design may experience arch/foot fatigue after a couple miles. I hadn't worn my old Nike Free's in about a year and noticed some fatigue at about that point.Durability: Not much to say about that either, but based on my old Nike Free's they look to have the potential to hold up well. Just a side note, if any of you consider washing these shoes, do not dry them in a dryer. Seems obvious, but I did it and even on the lowest heat setting the material used for the soles meted away in a couple spots. So don't do that.Verdict: if you like a more supportive shoe, these might not be for you. If you like Nike Frees in general or a barefoot/minimal design, these are the best out there in my opinion and closer to the barefoot rating (0-10 is the scale with 0 being barefoot). Great looks and more comfortable than anything else I have ever tried on.", "This shoe provides great traction on all turfs, does not cause blisters, enhances power amd acceleration, and improves my vertical leap by 1.32 feet.  All this at less than $50.  Thanks Amazon.", "I bought these shoes for my husband and I have had 3 pair myself so I can attest to their comfort and durability.  I stopped running a few years ago because of concern with aging joints.  I love these shoes.  They are comfortable and provide great support.  After reading about the benefits of barefoot running, it made sense to me that the barefoot running shoe would be equally good for walking.  I walk approximately 15 miles a week and have found that I have no issues whatsoever.  I had bought the walking shoes from Nike for my husband and he did not like them as well as these running shoes.  I will not own another shoe.", "The color on this particular pair of AF-1's are spectacular!You will be complimented often and you'll feel like.... well, ROYALTY!", "I love these shoes more then M J shoes comfortable  fits perfect cost not to bad and the color is nice buy this shoe!", "I purchased these shoes a couple of weeks ago, and they are phenomenal. The colors are extremely vibrant, more so than they appear in the photo. I have used them 5 times when playing tennis and they feel great. They are made of top grade leather, and the cushioning is very comfortable. I'm going to continue to purchase the Zoom Vapor 9 Tour shoes for both tennis as well as everyday usage. Highly recommended.", "Hands down the most comfortable shoe out there! Fits just like a glove. You don't have to order a size bigger. I didn't... I love this shoe!", "This shoe is awesome!!! Its very comfortable, and has held together for a long time. they work great for basketball too!!! Very smart purchase:)", "Great Sneakers And Would Definitely BuY More In The Future.....Fit, Color, Comfortable To Wear...Was Always A Fan Of Nike.", "Every body would stop me and ask me what are those. Those are hot etc... I can't even bilieve it my self but these have a REALY nice colorway on them. These are Must buy. I also do recommend this product", "I love these shoes. they last a long time and are easy to clean. They look good all the time.", "I bought these for my nephew. He had his first three games with it just last week and they performed very well. These are used mainly in wood surfaces, not in concrete, and they really 'grab' it giving good traction.", "a hot girl told me she liked my shoes need I say more. they fit well and I like them. I use them for volleyball and baseketball. good grip on the court a little stiff.", "I ALREADY KNEW THAT THESE SHOES RUN 2 SIZES TOO SMALL.  I AM A SIZE 11 AND ORDERED THE SIZE 13.  FITS PERFECT.  THE SELLER DELIVERED THESE SHOES IN TWO DAYS AND I AM THRILLED WITH BOTH THE SELLER AND THE SHOES.  ***DEFINITELY ORDER 2 SIZES LARGER THAN YOU NORMALLY ARE***", "They're so comfortable clean looking.  I wore these shoes the for the first time and went shopping for 6 hoursAnd I'm still walking.", "Nike is and awesome brand the cleats are as fine as i expected awesome materials and the best looking cleats on field", "I really like the Nike air max r4 running shoes. It feel very comfortable and there are very highly quality made. I did buy two of these. I highly recommend it. I believe you would appreciate the running shoes Nike made.", "A nice combination of colors, seem like they offer good ankle protection by the height and will last a long time on outside courts / cement. The out-sole seem super durable.", "My son wanted HyperDunk shoes like the pros wear, but his feet are only size 5.5. There is very little choice in styles for this size. This is the best available. Fit is true to size.", "i love them. i love air max 90's but other than my blue ones these are my favorite. match the baltimore Ravens colors perfect, thats y i bought them and not regretting it. it came in super fresh box and all got to love that new sneaker smell.", "I got these shoes but were hard to find. They were on sale for 85 dollars. They are extremely comfortable and very stylish. However, these shoes are always cold and get dirty easily. Overall these shoes are amazing and the best pair I have ever owned. I suggest highly suggest these shoes.P.S. I would suggest that you do not tie the shoes for styling purposes. Also, try to get orange laces, they go well with the shoes. Here is a link to some good ones: http://www.amazon.com/Sof-Sole-Athletic-Orange-45-Inch/dp/B003IJ7RRE/ref=sr_1_1?s=shoes&ie;=UTF8&qid;=1359337212&sr;=1-1&keywords;=orange+laceshttp://www.amazon.com/FeetPeople-Quality-Round-Laces-Orange/dp/B00A56V94K/ref=sr_1_7?s=shoes&ie;=UTF8&qid;=1359337255&sr;=1-7&keywords;=orange+laces", "I wear these for rugby, they are tight but it's almost better for traction. For soccer, I might go a half size up... they aren't the best to run in.", "I have ordered a few Jordan bags from different companies and they never seem to last and they are always smaller than expected.  Well when this bag showed up on my doorstep, i was impressed from the beginning.  The bag is huge in comparison to most &#34;gym bags&#34; from the Jordan brand that i have had over the years.  it has multiple pockets for all of your stuff and it is very deep...definitely a good buy so far", "Socks are Socks - What do you say...  Nice pair but... Socks are Socks.  Good overall construction  for the socks", "very light weight and feels great. i am a runner and i use these socks for my cross country races for the style of course but they really do feel great", "It takes a bit of extra pull to put this on but besides that its great. Looks vibrant at night like glow in the dark.", "Needed a replacement for travel soccer team. This was the best price and best deal out there.  It's a good sock that doesn't stretch out.", "I have been looking for the shoes for a long time and finally I found the the good price and good services.", "Great thanks so much i sent it to my nephew as a gift and he loves it! Very comfotable too.", "The colors are just as bright as pictured. Extremely comfortable & true to size. My granddaughter was simply thrilled with them.", "this nike tiempo mystic iv are perfectcomfortable, amazing design and very strongif you wanta shoe to kick and be durabk&iquest;le this will be perfect for you", "This Backpack practically carried me to mount everest it was so light. Very Nice. Great Everywhere you go. So many different pockets for when I'm on the go. The only thing it's missing is a coffee machine for work on Monday mornings. WOW!!! Shout outs to BABY J'Sus", "They look GREAT however putting them on they are a tight fit, but they dont pich the feet either so, just trying to keep it &#34;real&#34; Not that anyone asked but I intend on only wearing these on carpet and not outside ever, also I plan on buying another pair", "Great adorable comfortable true to size and wonderful.  This is a great outfit!  So happy we found our nike gear", "Theses are the best sneakers I have ever purchased. From day one there has been no blisters or aches.They were comfortable from the get go and way cheeper to buy through Amazon than in NZ !", "Exactly what I ordered!  My son couldnt be happier with his new wallet!  I bought it for Christmas and he loves it.", "I ordered this wallet online as a Christmas gift for my son who is 51 years old. He is a golfer and that's what caught my attention. I am in NC and he lives in FL, but he has indicated to me that he is pleased with this wallet.", "A replacement gift, this wallet is stylish and good quality. It is beautifully flat (no coin compartment) which was the main requirement and quite striking.", "The leather on this wallet felt very good and the stitching was also nicely done. After using it for a while I realized that I needed an Id window so I switched to an old one that had an Id window. If your looking for a basice six slot wallet then you can't go wrong with this one", "Nice looking wallet.  It s very slim and not bulky. Has a great look and my don was very happy with the purchase.", "This is a nice wallet for a kid ! Not the nicest leather or best made. If you're a grown up you will be disappointed !", "This great wallet. The leather is perfect it great if your looking for a slim, nice wallet. Before i had a apline swiss wallet, and this wallet is ten times better", "I found the fit of this shirt to be acceptable. However, the quality is not what I am used to from Nike products which I purchased in the US.", "Love this shoe!!!! The color is absolutely perfect, like a very bright, electric pink, which is very hot this season. I wear this shoe to the gym and get compliments EVERY time! They are very eye catching. Definitely has made going to the gym a little more fun ;) Although I did not get this shoe from Amazon.com, it was still the same price for me at the shoe store I got them from. I would recommend this shoe to anyone who's looking to put a little color in their gym shoe collection. They come true to size and are very comfortable for me.", "IF you're trying to decide about getting this shoe....without a doubt i say go for it. These shoes are so hot and worth every penny. As a matter of fact i need to send them an extra $50 (lol) not quite. Expect to get compliments all day. I just love them...they are so  freaking hotttttt babe. :) One happy customer...", "The shoes arrived early, which is always a good thing!  My husband was very pleased when he opened the box.", "The colors are very attractive, fits well, very supportive and reasonably priced. These shoes have excellent comfort! I look forward to seeing a new version of Nike Shox TLX. Thanks!", "Don't get me wrong this is a really COMFORTABLE shoe! The cushions are made of memory foam so each step feels like you are walking on air!  The colors are vibrant and it's a cool looking shoe.  Only problem is that this shoe appears to be quite long.  As we all know Nike runs slightly small so I was surprised when I put these on.  I ordered a women's 8 but to me these things look long on my foot... but who cares how long your foot \"looks\" when you are working out lol Best part about this shoe is the tongue is attached to the body of the shoe so there is no slipping to the side while working out.  It is made of a stretchy material, so if you have wide feet you would probably really like this shoe.  My foot is NOT wide so sometimes I feel that I need more support in the toe box area.  I am keeping this shoe and will most likely wear it on my weight training days because it is very comfortable to stand in for long periods of time.  I will look for another shoe made with stronger material so that when I run/ workout it feels more secure on my foot.", "It fit too low in the back and didn't give me the support I needed. Very good cushioning. Great color! Good grip on the sole.", "I was extremely sceptical about ordering shoes online, but I couldn't be more pleased with my choice! I bought these for cardio training and weight training. Even though the description says &#34;off training days&#34; these are perfect for everyday training,  for me. I have narrow feet. Also, there is plenty of comfort room for your toes. The color is even more vibrant in person. I just love these shoes all around. As soon as I wear these one's out, I Will buy these again!", "These are probably the most comfortable tennis shoes I've ever bought, but they don't hold up well. Around the toe area is a soft mesh type material, and I already have a hole in them.", "The shoes were good quality and looked great enough to make a teenager happy (and stay happy for months so far, which is saying something). We did have a hiccup with delivery but Amazon took care of the problem within a day or two. It is nice to see a company as customer focused as Amazon.", "Fit as expected. it was a good choice i am happy with that. Kobe 4ever :P :) like it !!!", "These where a Valentine's Present my girlfriend got me. So the first time I got them, they where bright to me. But I wanted to see how they would fit on me, so I put my foot in and they were perfect. Not to wide and not too big. So now I got used to how bright they were, they are way nice and bright you certainly stand out in public, because I always get compliments from people and friends. Or I get haters that give me a wtf look, but that's okay. I love them, and thank my girl for getting them for me.", "I love my new pair of Jordans!  This is a unique but simple style style of Jordans.  Nice clean shoe that goes good with jeans or shorts.  The reason why im giving it only 4 stars is because there was a minor defect upon inspection of the shoe. I noticed a sharp wrinkle in the side of the shoe on the mesh area near the jumpman logo. Not too happy about it, and im not willing to send it back. But overall im satisfied with shoes and the fast delivery.", "I bought this for my son for Christmas he's 13 and that was at the top of his list...and when he opened it up Christmas morning he loved them!!!!So Happy I got him those and at such a low price too....happy customer :)", "I ordered this shoe for basketball, i'm in 8Th grade and wear a size 10. I just got the shoe in the mail on Thursday i am very pleased. IT seems legit and when i compare it to my other Kobe it is the same, so do not be afraid to buy this shoe It's legit. It is very comfortable shoe and one of the best Kobe 7s to release. I'm very happy to have this shoe.", "My son is a satisfy camper for thanksgiving and he is getting addicted to amazon. Tennis shoes are very awesome", "The Shoe fits like a glove! It's very light weight and comfortable. Kobe shoe is by far the best shoe I have ever worn...", "Brought back memories when I was playing college basketball. They are a great fit and excellent for indoor basketball. I am a guard and have flat feet. These are good shoes for fast guards.", "Got these for my hubby for Christmas and he loved them! He wears them almost every day. He loved them so much, he ordered a second pair in a different color.", "I bought these a while back, and I must say: these are the most durable, comfortable, and performing shoe I've ever worn to work out in. I love these and I will always stick with the Nike Free series.", "these shoes are so comfy and cute. Great for running or the gym. Try 'em! Runs 1/2 size small in my opinion", "This item is of excellent quality.it is the best!!!Iam very satisfiedt with this item .i will recommend it to all my friends ,so they buy it right away. And I know they will be as happy as me with their new item!!", "I bought these because i owned a pair of NIKEs with the lunarlon sole. These fit as expected and were good quality overall, and cheaper than competitors.", "the nike zoom hyperdunk elite is a wonder worker on the court.  I rate it five stars.  it is expensive but very very awesome.", "Great shoes good for the price too and most of all the seller promised of delivery fullfiled well. Highly recommended to all baskelball lovers.. This is the one for you guys... Very comfortable.", "extremely comfortable shoes. great color. great amount of cushion and support with out the extra weight. Went from Reebok real flex to these. No comparison. I recommend. Besides its not that expensive either. I say do it.", "LEBRON 9'S ARE THE BEST LEBRONS IN MY OPINION. I ONLY OWN 9 AND 10'S BUT THESE ARE THE BEST LOOKING DEFINITELY AND THE 9' ARE ALSO MORE COMFARTABLE THAN THE 10'S", "I bought these for my husband and he loves them. It's hard to find his size in stores. These fit like a glove and very comfortable from what he tells me. I wabt to buy more in different colors!", "Very good quality nike sunglasses!!!And so cute as well!!Very happy with this purchase from me to my husband!!!!", "We searched for days to find sunglasses to replace some my husband had worn for over 5 years.  He's very particular so when we found these we ordered as soon as we could.  Thanks so much.", "Super comfy, look great and are perfect for golf. Don't even remember I'm wearing them, plus the interchangeable lenses are a nice feature.", "Fits great and like the look - happy with the purchase and with the product.  Will stick with Nike going forward", "I am very happy with my purchase. Item came ahead of time and exactly what I ordered. This is my second pair of Nike's my last pair lasted me for 7 years and I still have them. Nike's are very light weight and comfortable especially when worn for long periods of time. I could never go back to cheap sunglasses as they just end up giving me a headache. I Would definitely do business with Paris Miki Optical again.", "I have had several pairs of Oakley Radar's in the past. These are my first pair of Nike sunglasses. The Nike Skylon Ace Pro are lighter, more comfortable,and the lenses are easier to keep clean.The best part is they are $100.00 cheaper than the Oakley's..", "Nice. I have enjoyed them a great deal. Comes with a nice pouch that also foibles to clean the glasses.", "Light, fits perfectly, and delivered in an excellent time frame. I recommend this glasses to any one with a bit wider face however, it fits in all faces. certainly a great deal!", "Convenient, easy and elegant. Already bought two pairs, one on a summer apartment, a second -at home, in Russia. I was surprised that when my size 11.5D, which is identical for all footwear manufacturers, including Reebok & Skechers, these shoes come only 12D, and then close.", "I have a wide foot and had to order a men's 9 to fit my women's 8.3W foot. They run small. But in the perfect size, which mine are, they feel great. Light weight, roomy, and very comfortable. Love the color combination. It's more understated than some of the neon colors. Love these shoes. May buy another pair. THANK YOU!!!", "These were on a family members gift wish list.  Great Product as always!Recipient was very pleased and will remain loyal to Nike.", "These shoes feel wonderful.They were a  Great fit.  Can wear them all day without even feeling them. Like wearing slippers", "excellent product, very good quality and resistance, is also very comfortable and lightweight, great for any occasion, thanks is wonderfull", "love these sneakers ,feal great on,the gold swoosh looks killer but scratches off way too easy,messed up mine in the first 5 minutes just pimpin around the house,also the white and gold laces tend to discolor easy but comes with a another set of white laces,the material on the toe is like a mesh like material that makes them difficult to clean..", "Love these shoes because they're great for playing ball, and also go great for just wearing out.  They look great and feel great also.  Like most Nikes, they run a little tighter than most shoes, but the right fit is very comfortable.  The airbag on the bottom does more than just look good, you can feel the extra support as it never feels like you're actually walking on pavement.", "Look pretty awesome but are fairly tight. Took me a few days to break them in so they fit nice.", "These sneakers look great and feel great while walking.  The all-around air-max unit adds to the already cushioned inside.  The sneakers aren't great for playing basketball in however.  They cause your feet to hurt after playing for a certain amount of time.  I wouldn't recommend these shoes for basketball, but they are great for casual purposes.", "My son loves these.  They fit as expected.  You get what you are paying for, no hidden surprises.  They look good on him.", "very confortable shoes for excercise", "bought for my son and they really look great,they fit well and the colors are just perfect he really likes", "My son has been wearing them for about a month now, and so far so good.  He says they are comfortable. I like the bright green color.", "So glad I have these in my collection. Saving them for my next vacation, but can't wait to wear them. The materials and build quality are great and they look so clean.", "The classic Nike Huarache runner returns, adding Nike Free and Nike + technology. One of Nike's most revered 90s designs made even better by the tech updates. Great fit, breathability and wonderful materials make for a must have sneaker.", "Light weight very comfortable. Can't go wrong with these shoes for every sport. Love all the color combinations that are available.", "my husband ordered this and he loves it everyone asks him about it we love the color it is  comfortable", "I really love these shoes I could not find them anywhere went on here and ordered them and they came fast i will order again from this company", "Got these sneakers for my honey! She loves them. They are very comfortable to walk in and the dirt and dust don't show.", "Thanks I love the shoes they were perfect for my lil man I look to doing business with you in the future", "not happen at all u all should make sure the order is right i am senting them back today thanks for nothing", "I finally found the sneakers my son had wanted for a long time! It was a wonderful surprise on Christmas morning! I had the hardest time finding a size 13E. They look great, a lot better in person then the photo. Fits like a glove, looks very nice with jeans. And very comfortable! Thank you Amazon!", "Get compliments and looks all the time, super comfortable and look great. I would recommend these shoes to any avid fan of ken griffey jr, baseball, or just shoe collector/fanatic in general.", "this are very nice and I love it, they are very soft on the inside and that'swhat I wanted.", "Great shoe for playing basketball. Fits true to size. My 11-yr old loves these tennis shoes.", "I bought these for my husband for his birthday. He has an older pair of Nike Frees, and he loves them, but they're getting worn out. Since I'm not the one wearing them, I can only comment on what I know, but he says the size 10 fits perfectly (and he usually wears a 10, if that helps). They shipped within 6 days. I did a little shopping around, and this was the best price for these that I could find, both online and in-store. Very pleased with this purchase!", "Bought this for my 10 year old- sometimes his backpack full of books weighed 20-25lbs. This makes it much easier. Seems  to be built rather sturdy...time will tell", "This rolling backpack serves as my traveling office. It glides effortlessly on almost any surface. It is capable of carrying several books, binders and notebooks. The outside pockets are so functional that it can accommodate all of my office supplies, snacks, and drinks (on the side net pockets). The handle easily clicks in place. This backpack looks fashionable and also professional. Not to mention its most important purpose of easing the burden off your back and shoulder muscles. I hope Amazon will make it available again.", "My grandson loved the Nike Rolling backpack.  It's  much lighter and easier to manage than the one he'd been using!", "Great fit and cost for my growing teen. He loves them which was requirement. Great Christmas present. He wears them everyday!", "This product is better than I expected! I'm so glad that I ordered this pair of athletic shoes! All of my friends are asking where did I purchases these!I told them to go on Amazon!!", "Yeah, I made sonic the hedgehog shoes from these! They're fairly comfy once you break them in, the high top is a little uncomfortable to sit in sometimes, and the inner sole kind of wears out quickly, but good all around imo", "These shoes are comfortable. I was really surprised to get them online after every store in the city was sold out of this shoe. I hope to find more Jordan Retros online. It is easier to shop for these shoes and I really like Jordan Retro shoes. Believe me these shoes are not fake. They are the real deal.", "This shoe was sold out everywhere, Nike, Finishline, etc. So when I stumbled upon them here on Amazon I could not resist. I love them!!!", "These running shoes are great! Very supportive and stylish...running in them is even better. I look forward to a similar model coming out soon!", "I like these a lot.  They are super comfortable and are nice and easy to clean with a damp cloth....:)", "These were great looking sneakers. They seemed light, but were TOO small. Seemed to have about a 1 to 1.5 size difference than what I normally wear. Had to return for this reason.", "These are my fifth pair of Nike Shox running shoes and I couldn't be happier with them!  They arrived in their original packaging and one day early, which was awesome!!", "overall I am enjoying the shoes. they fit well and function how I need them to. I would recommend them to anyone.", "Comfortable. Looks great.  I wear them even with jeans. I've had them well over a year and that still going.", "My son asked for these, and when he got them he was in love. I am so happy with his joy.", "Really comfortable, flexible, great arch support, comes in great colors. I thought they ran a bit small but after measuring my foot and using Nike's chart for this shoe, I see they run true to Nike's chart. Great sneaker.", "ProsThese shoes are the lightest and most comfortable pair of shoes I've ever owned. The rubber material on the bottom of the shoe do an excellent job of cushioning your feet from walking or running of pavement. I wore these shoes to Disney world and averaged about 8+ miles a day walking and the end of my two week trip my feet and ankles didn't hurt at all. Due to the softness of the material on the bottom of the shoe I was worried they would wear out fast, but they haven't shown any excessive wear in the three months of wearing them.ConsRocks and twigs get stuck in between the gaps of the bottom of the shoe which can be annoying.SizingThe sizing of these shoes are true to size and I found them to be the same as all my other Nike shoes.", "I'm a woman, my foot is a bit wide for a woman and I LOVE THESE SNEAKS AND THIS COLOR! Have them in all the colors they make except black. They're a neutral shoe. Not perfectly flat - a bit higher in the heel. Having had plantar fascitis, I can't wear a totally flat shoe. Not too cushy and bouncy (a quality I hate) but they have enough cushion to avoid fatigue. Really, really comfortable. If you have those skinny, long feet, these might not be a perfect fit for you. My feet flair toward the box of the shoe. This shoe is perfect for my foot shape.", "A great running shoe. I love the design and colors, the specks on the blue park make this shoe unique, and the gray hides any dirt. I use these for treadmill running and outdoor and they have held up really well.They are really light, and don't give me arch problems. I'll be looking for another pair of Nike Free's for my next running shoe when the time comes.", "SIGNATURE PERFECT PRODUCT !!!!! I FIND it looks good it will give the GQ look am going for , a product that is high in quality and has flare jus the colour am looking 4", "Best shoes on the planet.  Like the color; they go with a lot of other colors.  Comfortable and worth the $", "Very stylish and comfortable.  Bought them in two different.  Would recommend them to everyone.Can't wait to wear my next pair.  Excellent Shoes!", "Saw these and knew I had to get them. I'm a big D3 fan so as soon as I saw these and for the price I went for it. These are his 2012 playoff edition sneakers before he signed with Li-Ning company. These came in the original box- which was in great condition, with red shoelaces as well as the original white laces. The shoes themselves are comfortable and really nice. All in all great buy, I'm a happy camper!! GO HEAT!!!", "I bought this pair for my seven years old kid for school and he loves it so much that he wears it every day. They look great but the better about these is their comfortability: so light, so comfort, so great.SORRY FOR MY ENGLISH. I LIVE IN A SPANISH LENGUAGE COUNTRY", "Nice fit, a bit long. One of the few ladies shorts with nice size pockets. I wish they would make more shorts with pockets.. These are high quality", "Nice shoe but very narrow. I hope it stretches because it is fabric. Love the design and got them at a very good price.", "Arguably the best performance shoe in basketball. It's lightweight, flexible and durable. All other great performance shoes lack one of those three things.", "Because of the popularity of Jeremy Lin Nike allowed people to create with their NIKEID program a hyperfuse(not hyperdunk) with orange and blue colors and Lin's name on the tongue of the shoe.  If you don't believe what I say about the shoe then feel free to look it up online.  There are plenty of articles explaining that Nike didn't make an actual shoe for him, and the shoe they made available to be created was only for the hyperfuse style(which is popular amongst NBA players).", "Those are the best flip flop ever... I'm gonna get more and case there gone. They're a little pricey but it's worth it.", "Great flip flops and very comfortable.", "Very nice air force ones nice blue color. The shipment came fast. It's worth buying. I will make another purchase", "I have had these shoes for over a year and they still look like brand new. They haven't lost any shape or form and haven't even gotten scuffed. They are awesome I am so glad I purchased these and would buy them again!", "I just bought these shoes and the package arrived two days sooner than the estimated time of arrival! :) Was a great surprise, I love the colors, the pink shows up ok online but now that theyre on my feet right now, they pop so bright! The soul provides great shape and support for my foot, (I have wide feet, size 8, and the kind of mesh white material you see on the toes and sides lets my toes breath when I walk or run around. They came in perfect condition, were packaged in the nike orange box and stuffed stiffly with paper, and were boxed and taped up again. The part I was most concerned about was the back of the shoe and if it would rub against my ankle as I walked, but it doesn't! And I wear very short low socks. The tongue of the shoe is very flexible but doesn't shift to the side, and it comes pre-laced for you already! I was jumping up and down even before I put them on, I wear a size 8 normally, and it gives like a half an inch space up for my toes so they are a perfect fit!I am 19, I jog and walk and run alot, I live in palm beach county FL where it's hot, and these keep my feet cool in every way!! Thanks!", "I love these shoes and have owned multiple pairs over the years. They give me just enough support and are really light! I love them!", "I love these shoes so super light on my feet. I used to only wear Nike shocks & another pair and I had to buy two pairs of these one for the gym & for a street shoe love the way they look and feel Amazing!", "Great buy!!! Very happy and comfortable fit!!", "I like these kicks because they really make me feel like I'm walking on air. They are also stylish and you will defiantly have heads turning, on and off the court.", "Great price, great looking, and hubby just loves it, came on time, couldn't ask for a better way to purchase a sneaker, for some one that wanted a NIKe.  thanks again", "they keep me stuck to the floor when balling and light as expected with the full length air zoom.  these are a head turner on the court and very durable also", "I am always looking for Jordan shoes as my team mates do! Tha Jordan 2012 is one of the most wanted, items, so I was looking for the complete staff, with the complete ankle support kit,with 3 or for color options.", "After a long waiting time, my shoes came and they're wonderful. We had some problems because we live in Brazil and taxes became higher than we thought. But, Id4shoes solved our problems in a good way. They were great, answering all e-mails I sent and trying to make the best for consumer. Thanks for all your patience!", "I bought three pair of these shorts.  They're nice and light, and they are an athletic fitting shorts but don't look like it. I wasn't sure if they were golf shorts or what, but I wear them all the time in the various styles and colors they offer. I bought mine at the Nike store, but now that I've found them on Amazon, I'll be picking up a few more.  You'll love them.", "Quick delivery, and very good customer service. I was confused about what company was doing the final step of delivery but ID4SHOES quickly responded to my e-mail and gave me all the info on the Swedish delivery service, which I thought was excellent.I'm a European size 37 and US size normally 6 - 7. I ordered 6,5 and they are a perfect fit. The only thing was that there is one seam that is not a 100 %, it's a bit crooked so to speak and it makes the shoe look less than perfect. But I can live with it.", "I have waited 10 years for Nike to remake this SHOE, You will love the way this shoe fits and feels. A must buy for runners", "i love these shoes. i have gotten so many compliments on them and talked to others with different colors. out of everyone i asked, my price was the lowest and i stilll got the great authentic nike product.", "The size was too big. The soccer cleats are very conformtable and nice. I had to put a insole to used them", "I love these boots! This article was sent from the UK to the United States and from U.S. to Venezuela...", "This has been my favorite Nike shoe.  When I couldn't find it again locally, I decided to buy it on-line.  I paid more, but it was worth it.  My feet are a bit wide, and I found these have a little more width than most athletic shoes.  They are light and comfortable no matter what I'm doing.  They also breath well.  Initially, I bought my first pair because of the styling - distinctive, but not over the top.  They also match with just about everything.  I still can't get over the fact that I prefer to run in these versus more expensive shoes touted especially for that purpose.", "Very nice pants. The pants were exactly as described on the website. My son really likes the pants. Very compfortable.", "I purchased these for my husband and he loves them, would recommend them to anyone. The only drawback is they don't come in additional colors. True fit to size.", "The product fits really well. It's great for training and looks cool too.  The sizing is spot on compared to other products where the US sizes are larger cuts than Australia or Europe.  Extremely light weight.", "Nice Grip ballin with them. Bought em for less than i expected. They are really good anc the color is nice.", "this shoe made my shoe game even better aqnd made many peole jealous love it so much for a great price", "These shoes fit well, and don't leave my feet aching. I would recommend them for anyone looking for a comfortable, fashionable running shoe.", "Indeed I will recommend the product to my peers.  The fit is really cool.  I like everything about it.  I chose the rating because I absolutely love my shoe.", "I bought them to minimize injuries to my feet and calves while walking and running with my dogs and they have done exactly that. They are also comfortable.", "My college-age daughter who was a very good runner in high school ordered these shoes for recreational running in college.  She really likes them and says they are very supportive--just what she was looking for.", "Very cute sneaker.  They are light and bouncy...  I would have loved to have kept them, but they were about half a size to a whole size too small.", "Nice product! Fit as expected. Works as expected. Very comfortable. I am using it for ultimate games. Dirt stick but can be remove easily.", "The Best !!! Excellent pair of soccer shoes.. Great product. My kid enjoy them very much and was what i was looking for. The latest at a great price. I never find them so cheap. Like them very much.", "they are really cool Awesome shoes, I get compliments all the time. The were mailed quickly, I would totally recommend", "I liked the football cleats. The only problem was the sizing. He wears a size 12 and I could not get his feet into this shoe at all.", "I love these shoes. Very well made, no concerns with them coming apart. Made leather tops and solid rubber bottom. Bottoms are flat with little tread, but the shoes aren't slick. They are pretty comfortable. I would definitely buy these again, as I have also bought them in white. Which are even better in my opinion. But overall all its a great shoe at a good price.", "I bought these for my son not really knowing what to expect.  He Loves these shoes. They're extremely comfortable for him,  easy to maintain, and looks very nice on him. They shipped when the company said, no problems.", "I give my boy friend this shoes,he is very like it.Suitable as a gift.MUST BUY.(Very awesome)", "these shoeS totes rock my socks off man. i be lookin fly as a mF.justin beiber be jealous as hell.", "This is an awesome product from Nike.  As no one is a size zero in my house (how can zero be a size?) and rather proud of our muscles. Scrawny was 'in' during the twenties.  Just do it.", "Beautiful looking  boot  .. fits  great  and  well worth the  purchase price .. would definitely recommend  to a  friend yay !", "Good look comfort is good too. But the mesh on the shoe will rip. if youre gonna get thes, get the supreme versions.", "yo i didn't get to order these yet, but u can best believe that am stackin the paper for these should be able to cop by next week", "so my wife just got me these, i was stackin the chips away but she got'em for me, there fresh 2 def and ya, thanks amazon", "This shoe is a good fit for light running and cross training. If you plan on running long distances, pick a shoe with more cushion. If you do short distances and sprints, this should accommodate you nicely...", "These shoes fit great, have fantastic soles and are marvelous to walk in. I really enjoy wearing them and HIGHLY recommend them.", "I saw these shoes on someone today in the train station. They looked pretty nice overall, a well-styled contemporary pair of kicks. I didn't take much notice of them until I saw them on Amazon. Now I am kicking myself for not robbing the guy who was wearing them. I'll be keeping an eye out!", "After two successful kickstarter campaigns I was finally able to buy a pair of these shoes and a sandwich. But after you eat the sandwich all you're going to ever get is a pile of s***. Not so with these shoes, buy them and they are yours' for life. Hell, I'd punch a baby for a second pair of these. I'd wear one pair only in the bed and the other for the street.", "Well, I figure if I'm going to drop as much money as it takes to feed a family of seven for a year, I should be willing to depart with some of the excess on my feet.  I'll have to make sure I get the measurements correct, but I'm sure I can live without my toes provided my feet are in these shoes.  Thankfully, hacksaws are cheap, so I won't even notice the extra cost.", "At first I thought, &#34;$7,000-$8,000 for a pair of shoes!  That's crazy talk!&#34; But, when I read the description I learned that these are AUTHENTIC shoes.  I've never owned a pair of authentic shoes before and I just don't know if I can go on without them.  I'm dropping out of grad school TONIGHT and hitting the corner.  We all know M.P.H.s don't have $7K shoe money but hookers sure do!  I feel like I need to rethink every life choice I've ever made.  All these years without authentic shoes....", "Why? Who? They are nice looking, probably comfy but please.  Why would anyone in their right mind spend that kind of money on sneakers?", "Since the pressure from my peers to be respected and well loved reached an unprecedented high, and my need to comply with the current trend became overbearing, I was thrilled to find these shoes at the bargain price of $7000 - $8000. And I wasn't even bothered by the rough estimate either! What's a 'grand' right, when it comes to owning these slick shoes?!Obviously, selling all my worldly possessions, and semi-vital bodily organs (except my feet) to own these has easily landed me as the coolest dude in the neighborhood. Although now, having been forced to live on the street, the only people who hold me in high esteem are the alley cats and kind Mr Foung who lets me eat from his dumpster after lights out.It might cost just $20 to give a child clean drinking water, but who cares?! I have these shoes!Thank you Nike. I'm so comfortable now thanks to you, and know that my money is in safe hands as you distribute it to the workers in your factories overseas.", "Sure, they may just &#34;look&#34; like some normal pair of sneakers, but what makes them so special is that they were hand made by blind catholic monks in Vatican City, also the &#34;Synthetic&#34; polymer that makes up these shoes was created atom by atom at the LHC. What also makes the deal worth it is Nike supplies their own certificate of authenticity. Making sure these shoes are 100% authentic and not just some 3,000 dollar knockoff.", "I know what you're thinking, &#34;$7,000 for shoes?!&#34; No, this is not a joke! They are real and 100% AUTHENTIC.  My douchebag neighbor said he could have bought 100 pair of nice shoes with what I spent, BUT these shoes are authentic, so who's the loser now? I might be tempted to think they were pricey if they were only 50% authentic, but for %100 percent authentic shoes, this is a steal.", "Worth the money. Nice colors and materials. The build quality is a little bit better than the average for his price class.", "Really nice shoes, but not as comfy as the lunarglide 4s. They're just a little bit stiffer. Walked around Disneyland all day in them and had no issues. Thw animal print is reflective, so it shines whenever light hits it.", "I love this shoes, wooow =)They look very special and I m sure that my boyfriend look stylisch with them", "the animal prints reflects when the lights shine on it, comfortable ride and a great look, all that i look for on a running shoe", "The shoe fit very will it also has a well made fill to it. The styling of the shoe makes it great for any activity.", "The shoe fit very will it also has a well made fill to it. The styling of the shoe makes it great for any activity.", "These Shoes are beyond my expectations! The colors just pop! The red is very bright and so is the orange tongue, these are definitely an attention grabber. and worth every cent i paid for them.", "I have been looking for this shoe since I saw it in House of Hoops.....Know one had it, but I found it on Amazon. I LOVE IT", "These are really comfortable shoes for running. I usually run for 45 mins to 1 hour 5 days a week. my knees used to hurt with my old shoes., When I got these shoes I felt really comfortable while running. These shoes provide enough cushion to absorb  the stress on knees or legs while running.  I loved it", "These shoes are very comfortable and fairly light weight.  They shipped very quickly.  The sizes were right on the money.  I wear them as casual shoes so as far as running quality I can't really help you there.", "i'm a admirant to nike sneakers ,and other products of nike, very nice on wearing, comfortabile i'm very pleased, light on walking", "Purchased for a gift and the price is definately comparable to the stores. excellent quality and comfort, also like the fact that the top on these is not mesh like most of them are", "Love these seem to last a long time before breaking down. wish they had more colors.Still good shoes. would buy another pair", "I love these shoes, attractive, good ankle support, if you need super support though look else where. They are great playing shoes, I wore them out a few times before they got playing time though!They are priced because of the \"Jordan CP3\" on it don't be fooled. However if you can afford it and like it get it! It is reasonable in comparison with its competitors.", "Perfect shoes, Beautiful shoes, Jordan Retro 1 great shoes . . . . . .. . . . . .", "I had been a die-hard Oakley wearer for a long time. My most recent Oakleys were the Flak Jacket. I liked them well enough but was never a fan of the straight ear piece/temple that Oakley has. When you wear a hat you either have to jam them under the hat or stretch them over.Then I noticed a lot of baseball players wearing these Nike sunglasses that were similar to the Oakleys but with more traditional temples.So, I recently lost my pair of Flak Jackets so I figured it was time to give these a try. I couldn't be happier. They are a more comfortable fit (with and without a hat on) both on the ears and nose. The Nike's are a little lighter weight and cover a bit more of my eyes.I got the pair with the Max Speed tint and I love it. Perfect for driving and just about anything. Even on overcast days they increase the contrast. They come with a 2nd set of lenses that I haven't tried yet, but they look pretty good.Overall, a much better value than Oakleys", "Great glasses for fans of wayfarers and frog skins.  They have a good weight but aren't tight. I fell in love with them immediately.  (Purchased at a Nike outlet)", "Great sunglasses! You can purchase different components, shade tone, color of the sunglasses. It's all versatile to interchange pieces of the sunglasses without having to purchase several different pairs.", "You will love these glasses.  They come in a really nice case.  Two interchangeable lenses are included.  If you are looking for cool looking sunglasses that are also functional, you have found them.", "Very lightweight frame and it will fit a wide face if that's what you need.  And a very good price.", "Very friendly customer service! Excellent pair of sunglasses with good price! I have searched local stores but couldn't find a pair with such good quality and price.", "These r the best purchase I've every made.  But since my last purchase it's hard to find my size", "or the fast shipping. Exactly what I wanted.  Very good for guards easy to move from left to right without restriction on your foot", "These fit comfortably and were actually a little brighter in person than the picture showed. I love them and have already worn them many times", "My Son always orders Nikes!! They always pull thru for him and trust me...... he is very picky!!!! I will jump on any deals.", "Bought these for my 15 year old son.  Order was received very timely, packaged well.  The shoes are great and my son was very happy with them.", "I'ts delivered fine and i am happy about the quality too.Thanks.", "Nike Satire fit perfect. Color isn't true to the description they are more a purple than Deep Royal Blue.Cheap shoe laces tore them within 5 minutes of tricks with my skateboard. I won't know how they hold up for skating until I get a month of use.", "My 13 yr old son was very excited to open these shoes on his birthday.  The kids at school told him they were &#34;fresh&#34;.  Apparently that's quite good.  They are comfortable, fit true-to-size, and seem to be wearing well so far.", "These shoes look and fit great, but are coming apart where the nylon cloth attaches to the rubber sole.  My son isn't that active either.  Next time I'll stick with the leather Nikes.", "These shoes were bought for my son. Within weeks they looked like they where 3 years old! Hard to clean and fade easily!!!", "They are really pretty shoes, the have a lot of style, they combine with every clothes i use, and they are really strong.", "Christmas gift. My grandson wanted new shoes for Christmas so he picked these, he has bought them before and really likes nike brand. He's happy I'm happy.", "For the price these are a great deal. very comfortable for walking my dog on all types of terrain. Lightweight, durable, breathable and water resistant. I highly recommend.", "One of the best hiking trail shoes I have found and unfortunately it appears NIke is no longer making this product.", "This is a really great product and the only reason i didn't give 5 stars is because you cant adjust the size to the head. If you child have a head Big for his age, try a biger size", "I purchased this hat for my 4 year old son.  The color is bright and the hat is well made.  It fits his head perfectly!  I am very pleased with product.", "It didn't fit my 3 yr old and it is not adjustable.", "Fits my 2 1/2 year old with room to spare plus he looks absolutely adorable in it &#128536; it's his new favorite go-to hat", "it looks so so so so  cute on my boy ... eventhouhg it is a bit bigger than his size but still he feels ok with it ...", "My son is very fair skinned, so we needed a versatile hat to keep him out of the summer sun. This hat is perfect! It's very comfortable, and provides just enough shade for his face. Plus, it's absolutely darling! I love the pop of color with the neon swosh, and they gray goes with everything. Great purchase!", "I love hats on my son, when I saw this hat on Amazon I knew it'd be a great buy. In gave it four stars because I thought it was a little pricey for what you get and it not be an Amazon Prime product. But looks great on my son, good colors and seems sturdy good buy.", "Excellent quality, fits as expected. The skin on these shoes is not quite as forgiving as on the hypervenoms, and the cleat pattern is a little more aggressive. Longer cleats in the back are good on longer / softer grass. But for me, that is perfect.", "It's def not the best cleats you can get, but it fits really well and if you care about the looks it looks good.I wish it was more durable and sturdy. However, you get what you pay so I'm satisfied.", "The shoes are amazing for the price. They fit nicely and the supplier got the shoes here fast and well protected in the box.", "Excellent shoes for a great price. Fit as expected and are easy to keep clean and new looking.", "I did not know at the time but my grandson has these in a different color.  Perfect timing since someone relieved him of his soccer bag and all his gear.  Perfect Christmas present for him.", "Excelent soccer shoes. I like its weight they are so light and I recommend them if you are very fast at the field.", "Nice quality. They fits great and my son says they are comfortable and they work well for him on the soccer field.", "My experience with these shoes was great because I like their design and are comfortable and lightweight feel while running", "i absoulty love these cleats. they are great feeling and looking. they do get really dirty easily though. but most cleats do. mine got really smelly so i got another pair to switch on and off between the two to help them air out", "this product is just what we ordered and needed would recommend and will be purchasing more in the future, I am very happy.", "Nice looking, im very satisfied. The quality also i think they are going to last for a long time! what else can i say... the price also is very affordable.", "They're great. I am a big fan of the prize and the comfort the cleats have. For me they are the perfect cleats to start playing soccer again.", "they were just the way i saw them. the velivery was not that fast but it came and that's important", "I got these for my grandson he picked them out himself and when he saw them he just loved them.", "Just like the picture. I bought for a friend and he loves it very much. its a good product and I recommend.", "Not much to be said here from a happy customer. These are simply the best turf soccer shoes I've ever owned. Period.", "Very good product, but it's a little hard at the beginning but as soon as you wear it more and more it loosen.", "For any soccer player on turf, get these cleats. They're so comfortable and have amazing touch off the ball. MUST haves!", "I RECIEVED THE NIKE MENS MERCURIAL VICTORY IV IN PERFECT CONDITION IN THE PRICE AND THE TIME LIKE I BUY, TAHNK VERY MUCH", "My son size is 9 1/2 and it fits perfect. The quality of the material is perfect and he loves them.", "For most of my soccer cleats I usually get them a size bigger for comfort. With these nike veloce they fit just as I expected. I love the way they fit my feet and I am impressed with the style of the cleats. Overall I am very satisfied and will definitely recommend these cleats and or products to friends.", "I recommend these shoes to anyone. They are extremely comfortable and have a great feel and response. It was a great purchase.", "My son is a competitive soccer player.  I buy him good shoes because I figure it's cheaper than paying an orthopedic doctor later.  He loves these shoes.", "im liking it if you play indoor soccer i definitely recomend this shoes they are light and comfortable and they fit as expected had no problems", "i bought these shoes for my off season off soccer so i can play in the gym and other places and i love them. they are extremely comfortable and light weight and extremely colorful! good job nike!", "it is what i wanted  and it fit real well and i am  and i love it i do tell pople about the product", "Those shoes fits exactly like I want, I love my new nike shoes ans I have no doubt you will love it too.", "This shoe fits well, has good traction and good feel. It has held up well for a season and looks good too!", "These shoes work great for my 17 year old daughter.  She has a high arch and orthotics so she has room to put her orthotic into the boot and it still fits.  It is a nice deep boot which still gives her ankle protection with the orthotic in it.  Happy to find a shoe that works for her and her many hours of soccer fun so she can play without pain.", "nice shoes, but a little bit small, good material quality, recommended! perfect to play soccer, if the size fits i'd give five stars", "he shoes good and is a beutiful .. confortable and amazing.. the texture and the colors spectacular  i recomend this shoes....", "Good fit, comfortable and good price. Love the bright colors..makes it easier to find my son on the field or court", "I didn't think it was synthetic, but that one is really worth it is so d**nm durable! It's pretty small But it's very Nice. Everybody like it... I could even resell it :-) Good stuff!", "Perfect fit and they look amazing. Prepare to stand out from a mile away. They run bit smaller, maybe like half a size smaller or less, when comparing them with the Nike T90 FG outdoor cleats. If you are like me and you like your indoor boots to be tight, for better control and feel when your striking the ball, it shouldn't  be a problem for you. If you don't intend to use them to play and are you're just looking for stylish looking indoor shoe to wear with a jean and a jersey, then I would suggest you add half a size to your normal size for a more comfortable fit.", "Love my new shoes. they r very comfortable and beautifull, love the color, mateched the description, arrived on time. Thanks", "Color, style and laces are perfect.  For once, the laces stay tied for my son's soccer cleat. Run Run Run!", "Faster deliver, good price, fits perfectly... It looks exactly as I was expecting it...definitly a good choice...thank you", "These are superb cleats, very good for the money. Recommend as a starter pair. Good grip, and they look awesome.", "they are awesome I had no problems with anything and quick delivery. They are even cuter when I put them on my 11 month old.", "I am a Size 9 , bought them to play soccer but even though at first you may think they fit perfectly, once you start playing you realize they are too tight on your toes and you just have to stop playing because of the pain, you cant kick or run. I should`ve bought a Size 10 instead. Other than that, the quality of the materials and how they look or grip to the court are awessome and would recommend them, but keep in mind to buy a bigger size than you normally would", "i have narrow feet and these shoes fit me perfectly.  Have only played in them once, so i can't comment about the durability,  but they felt great.i wish there were more color selections of this on amazon but overall i'm happy", "I bought this product to my son and he was very pleased. I am thinking to buy one to me, it will do it next year", "Great hat and was just a little big so he can ware it for awhile.", "Love this hat, looks really cute on. Wears well and fits perfect to the head.  Try washing it a time or two if you have fitting issues.", "Love this sneakers! They are quite comfortable and retro looking. I would recommend them to anyone...and that's all I have to say but amazon is forcing me to keep writing to use up to 20 words.", "I LOVE these shoes! I can always count on Nike high-tops to be dependable in terms of fit and quality. I've been wearing them for nearly 30 years and I love the color combos available as well.", "My boyfriend absolutely loves these shoes!  He says they are the most comfortable pairs of shoes he has ever worn and he would buy another pair!", "I got these shoes for my spouse for a birthday gift.  These shoes are so comfortable with all of the air pockets and great for working out.", "Because this pair of shoes is really ..a great shoe to wear...Highly recomended to buy this product, to my family it's very dificult to find nice and comfortable shoes due the place where we live....Many Thanks for give the pleasure to buy good productos on line .Pata", "Shoes fit perfectly and have a nice cleat.  I would recommend this shoe.  I had done my research before purchasing.  I am pleased with the product.", "I bought these for my girlfriend, and she says they have an excellent fit, and an excellent touch for the ball. She also really likes the bright colors!", "They broke in very well for her and fit just right.  Finding the leather shoes for less helps, they just wear better.", "Lunarglide 4 rocksWould like to buy more of them with many different colors.Nike, please sell more color variety to use as walking shoes.", "I got these for my son for Christmas and he loves them. Got them at a very good price and extremely happy my son loves them.", "Best running shoes I've ever worn! I wish there were other colors available. Really glad I was able to find them on Amazon.", "Each year the LunarFly, as with nearly all running shoes, goes through something of a reinvention, originally known as the **'Nike - Run Avant'**  It's always, supposedly 'improved', by adding more bulk of some sort to it, of course to make it better.  I started with the original model, the Run Avant, and have kept with the line since, because, as a light weight runner, I didn't need an average shoe.  The shoe, over about five years, had evolved into a pretty average stability shoe, aiming for the center of the running market, I'd think--In fact, I couldn't tell much difference between it than the Lunar Glide.  But the entire reason I had started to wear the shoe was because it was lighter than average, more cushiony than average, yet was still responsive and comfortable enough to wear the marathon distance. And so with the prior hefty-rendition of the LunarFly I had decided that they 'improved' it too much, and was going to try something totally new, to get away from the averageness in all its characteristics.  Nike:  If I wanted a Lunar Glide I'd have bought a Lunar Glide.BUT THEN I searched the specs of the Lunarfly+4.  It was as light as the original **Run-Avant** model. The sole looked even more responsive.  I took a chance, ordered it while holding my breath, thinking, 'this is the last time I buy a lunarFly shoe!'.Turns out Nike has finally designed **my** perfect shoe.  It has all the qualities I originally enjoyed with the Run-Avant.  It's more cushiony than the other models of LunarFly, and surprisingly, thanks to the trimmed down sole, is more responsive, yet just as stable. AND, the shoe is now made with more breathable materials great for summertime running. For me, this is the perfect running shoe, and without a doubt the best of the LunarFly series.I suppose I will need to order more before Nike starts 'improving' the model again.. because it looks like any changes they make could only have an adverse affect.  I just hope they don't start bulking it back up, making it more average..I will be quick to switch models next time.", "Lightweight, cushioned, and supportive are the words I use when describing this shoe.  Great for 2-4 mile runs! Definitely a must buy!", "Took the Pimento Reds through a 1:45 minutes of Heavy Lifting combined with plyo's. Have to say one of the most comfortable shoes I've been in since Nike Free run4.&#34;La Maquinaria&#34; approves!", "These shoes are super comfy, and call attention to you wherever you are. If you wanna make a statement these are a perfect fit for you!", "This product was perfect, my teenage son loves them and he is not easy to please!  I've also heard him get several compliments on them.  Everyone thinks we paid a fortune for them but they were very decently priced!", "it nice  and soft on my feet  even  iwear it all day my is comfortable  thank you nike  for job well done", "This is the perfect shoe for anyone of any age. I picked these up and I am breathless. Although the box came In a little abused the shoes were fine. They provide a soft cushioned ride and are very comfy. I just recently had the Nike free 3.0v5 and those were a little better but for the price, it was with it. I got the frees for 110$ and these for 45$!!!!!! Great buy! Highly reccomend!", "I have purchased and used these shoes before. It is extremely comfortable and easy to break in.  It fits me well and is extremely sturdy.", "Came as described!Have run over 70 miles in these shoes and no problems. Very comfortable! Very lightweight, overall great running shoe!", "Rarely do I purchase the same shoe twice, but I really liked the style of the shoes and comfort they provided. Super light while still providing enough cushion. Plus they go well with jeans or shorts.", "I have walked all over campus in these shoes for about 3 days now, and I've got to say, they are the most comfortable shoes I've ever worn.  Great for if you're on your feet for long periods of time, have to do a lot of walking, or I guess if you run.  They're great.  My one complaint is that the paint appears it will come off easily.  I've scraped my foot against the side walk once and it has a cm long scratch along the black paint.  Get a half size up.", "I previously had issues with running on the way I stepped.  I feel as it leads you to step with the balls of your feet istead of relying on the heels which runners know it is the incorrect way of doing it.  I do feel that if I ever had to run on tarmac on a 95+ degree weather that I would feel the heat on my feet.  Aside from that, AWESOME!", "Perfect for walking, running, gym. I wear these all the the time and couldnt ask for better sneakers. Even with my flat feet it gives the arc support I need", "This shoe is very comfortable and light and has a nice air flow so your feet do not get to hot.Just Stay out of water and snow; not so good in the Snow Here In Colorado. lol.", "Excellent for my workout routine, very comfortable and feels great as I do my routines in the gym.  I like it.", "This was a birthday gift for my husband.  He has started to run more often and I decided he needed a better shoe for his 6'2&#34;-220lb frame.  They fit him perfectly and he loves how light they are.  He never had that breaking in period either.  He is usually a size 12 to 12 1/2 in a tennis shoe and I got the 12.  I would say these are great for the average runner (2-3 times a week).", "This shoe is specifically made for runners who need arch support. So it fits perfectly into my lifestyle as we do alot of physical training in the Army. The shoe is one of the most comfortable shoes that I've ever owned and I can literally walk around all day in them...Literally, i tried. I would definitely recommend this shoe to all who are a little flat-footed like myself. It is truly a great shoe.", "This one was specifically requested by my cousin in India. So I had to purchase and send it to him. Initially I wondered if the size would be fitting for him.. since I myself have few shoes with 11, 11.5 and 12 (varying brands, but all fitting perfectly). But once he tried it on, I got the update that the shoe was true to size and it fit him perfectly! He apparently loves the shoe and pretty wears it while on his sleep as well. At the rate he's wearing them, Im guessing he's gonna ask for another one in a few months :)", "Ran Chicago in these.  They are a lot more comfortable than the LE 2s.  A lot of room in the toe box. Blister free.", "These shoes fit perfectly and I love them!  I ended up ordering another pair in fear that I might not find my size in the future.", "Shoe offers an unusual combination of stability plus light weight and responsiveness.  Shoe is also comfortable  -  no break-in was needed.", "These are great showy shoes.  I fell in love with the bright volt color too late.  Now I'm scrambling to find more.  I use these shoes really just for walking around not running", "Have had these before and liked them. would buy again", "These are amazing shoes. So comfortable with good arch support. I had another pair and wore those out!  Love the blue and green color for spring.", "These have replaced them nicely.  The heel feels solid and secure but the toe box is nice and open.  Great running so far.", "Fit perfectly, especially for women with narrower feet and are very comfortable. I bought a second pair which I've never done before.", "Very comfortable running  shoes .Fits as all other Nike shoes fit . Good color . Good style .Love this shoes. I would recommend friends.", "They are the most comfortable shoes.  The color and fit are wonderful.  So glad I purchased them.  Nike you did a great job.", "I am 5 10  so I need a show that is a stablizier.  I have found Nike to be hands down to have the best stablizer sneakers in the business.  The arch is a perfect match and these sneakers hold up to abuse.", "The color is so vibrant! Very comfortable and supportive. Fits as all other Nikes shoes fit so your normal size will work", "Love these shoes I have a Gym outfit that matches perfectlyThey are very comfortable and are great whether I am running or doing Pump or Body Combat Classes", "Great for people who need extra cushion for the heal. Great for long runs, and helpful for runners who need arch support", "It is not only a great looking shoe, but very comfortable.( Walking on Air) Definitely worth the purchase. Normally I would never spend that much on a pair of shoes! But these my fellow shoppers are awesome.", "I am a walker and I work out quite a bit. I needed a good shoe with lots of support. I really love these shoes. They offer great support, and they held up well in the gym.", "Love these shoes! Their light weight, cute, & great to workout in! I wear them everyday I g to the gym, Nike is the best and I'm never disappointed", "Needed new running shoes and bought these because my old Shox were hurting my heels. These are absolutely great they solved the problem and feel completely weightless on my feet!! The colors are exactly as shown absolutely beautiful, vibrant, and compliment my skin tone (olive skin) perfectly!!!!!", "the colors are great the fit is great just didn't like the bubble on the side of the inner of the sneaker but i must say there are so comfortable that's y i rated it a 4 star", "Worth every penny! This shoe is extremely comfortable and very stylish. I love running in these shoes. I would defiantly buy them again.", "Great fit and as expected for Nike.  Durable to date for running.", "Nike Women's Nike Air MAX 2013 Running Shoes are Amazing!I loving walking and running on these shoes! They are super comfortable and I love the color! It is a bit expensive, but worth every penny!", "I absolutely love this shoe.. It is true to size and has tons of support for your feet. I have tender, flat feet and this shoe feels amazing", "This shoe is very comfortable.  I usually wear an 8 to 8 1/2 .  I ordered a 9 in this shoe and it fits great.  I really like the looks of the shoe.", "Fits perfect, very comfortable shoes I would highly recommend them!  Great for running! I normally wear 8 and a half but I like a little extra room in my running shoes.", "I loved them!! They were very light weight and breathed nicely. I loved the colors. They matched almost all of my clothing.", "I love everything about these Shox! They are super cute, comfortable, and motivate me to workout!! :) A great product!", "I LOVE these Nike Shox.  As you know, they are hard to find these days and the color is GREAT.  The tongue of the shoe is made with some type of rubber and if I were rough on shoes or pulled too hard too many times, I think it would come apart.  They are not as well made as some of the Shox you get in the stores but good luck with that anyway.  They do hurt my feet after I've worn them all day.  But I love the color and am overall pleased with my purchase!! I got them in a timely manner as well.", "Though the sneakers are pretty and all that, I wish they came in a wider width. Maybe when there more broken in they'll feel more comfortable. My feet take a beating hit the gym floor maybe there not as sore.", "The colors are awesome and the shoe fits nicely. I wear them for everyday or work, but they work well for running also.", "I really love the color and the shoe is really lightweight!this is a great shoe if you are looking for arch support.", "I love Nike shoes. I use them for running and for working. These are a great fit and I love the colors.", "Good for training that i Ever used.  And totally dry tech for a better performance.  Thanks nike to do our life easy.", "Very good shoe. Just what I expected. Is soft. Much comfort. Good colors. I recommend the seller. He is responsible. Covered expectations", "Daughter loves these; she has the older model of these. Only thing she would like different is a black set of laces; she doesn't like the purple! Nicely made, feel great for walking.", "I am a Nike fan, so I love the shoe.  It looks very stylish and accents the outfits that I where it with.  It is not as comfortable, as I thought it would be though.  I just started wearing them, so the comfort level will probably come soon. But", "Nike never disappoints me. Great shoe for running, cardio machines, weight lifting & biking. love the unique colors & light weight.", "SO COMFY, RUNNING WITH THE NIKE DUAL SNEEK IS AMAZING AND I DONT HAVE ANY WEAR ON MY FEET WHILE USING THEM.THANKS A LOT", "lovvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvve my new  Nike's... the fit is true to size... I ware size 7m... the color I chose is great!!!! Thinking of purchaseing another pair in different color.", "I love love these shoes. The color was perfect the fit was perfect the look was perfect truly love these shoes. They are so comfortable and have received so many comments.", "I recommend these for running. I have flat, wide feet and they fit comfortably and so far are great for running on sidewalks and trails. Nice and stylish, too!", "Great looking shoe!  Comfortable although it felt slightly large. I'm typically an 8/8.5 women's, but Nike tends to run small so I was a little surprised. All in all, VERY happy with the sneaker. Love Nike", "I bought this sneakers for my wife and she is very happy with them, the color is nice and they are very soft.", "These shoes work great for my nearly-daily 3-mile walks on virtually every terrain, but they have great support for regular walking or long days of standing.  I have worn earlier versions to all-day amusement park marathons.  I have a short heel and these are great!", "Great fit for me and I do like the colors on this pair with the gray and yellow trim.  Goes with anything.  I haven't tried cleaning them yet, but I do use protective spray on he fabric.  Comfortable for fast walking.", "This shoe works well for a person with a wide toe bed.  It is good for Gym Class. The price was right too!", "You can't go wrong with Nike and they will have something for everyone. Their prices can be higher then most other competitors, but their quality is just that much better and worth the extra money for something that will last longer. Excellent customer service and customer satisfaction!", "I had a problem finding wide sneakers.....I am a 8 Wide.....MY foot is wide...NOT my toe bed....Well they are NOT wide and they hurt my feet..they look pretty but too tight....NOT happy", "Very good quality and fit. These were a Christmas gift for my granddaughter. She's very athletic and only wears Nike for her running shoes and workouts.", "I'm a huge Nike fan, and these are by far the most comfy, best fitting shoes I have ever purchased!  I highly reccomend these to anyone! My feet feel amazing when I work out in them. I have no arch in my feet and these offer incredible support!", "My daughter and I love these shoes. They are light weight, and we can walk in them for hours. Running is not a problem either. Great fit.", "thought it was royal blue on line but in purple but a really nice shoe. it came in a reasonable time", "Love it, nice shoes I bought a litter bigger of my size, I know Nike runs small. I use 7.5 and I git 8 and fit perfect. Love the color.", "This is a really great shoe. Great grip and snug fit, just what i was looking for! Very well made, Thank you", "As far as comfort, you couldn't go with a better shoe. The product has great arch support which really makes a difference. Not to mention the colors and design that look great!", "I run and also do crossfit everyday. These shoes are comfy, light weight, and are perfect for walking, running, crossfit, or anything that you  want to do. They are perfect!", "I saw similar shoes on the US OPEN Tennis, and thought they looked great so I ordered them. They fit great, feel great, and I love the compliments .", "Just as shown in the picture, very nice running shoes they feel really comfortable. i recommend it for sure. n", "These shoes are amazingly comfortable and lightweight! The material make it more breathable while working out or running! Just what I was looking for!", "The shoe colors were as bright as I hoped. They fit just fine!  I am very satisfied with the purchase.", "love the colors the purple and blue they r like u are walking on a cloud don't even know u have them on", "I ordered this running shoe for working out it was a great price I have not worn it yet so I am not sure how it will perform for me .", "GOod quality shoes and very stylish. Perfect for girls . Its nike you cant go wrong with it. Good purchase", "I AM CURRENTLY DEPLOYED AND NEEDED SOME SNEAKERS. THESE SHOES ARE VERY COMFORTABLE FOR PEOPLE WHO RUN ON THEIR TOES. THEY CAME WAY BEFORE THE PROJECTED DAY!", "Got these for my younger daughter. they fit true to size and since she recently started running this shoe has worked out well. Good price and arrived on time.", "I love these shoes! I got them because I am in the military and I needed a good running shoe. They are lightweight but support my whole foot. They are so comfortable and stylish. I definitely suggest these to any runner! Plus they shipped fast.", "I'm looking for long time some shoes that i feel perfect to run. And finally I find it. This pair of running shoes are perfect for it, also good price! Fast shipping :)", "my favourite shoes...i love these neon colors nike has.. very fashionable and very comfy.. price is very convenient as well:)", "I like Nike shoes and these fit well and are comfortable.  They are true to size and I would recommend them.", "I started running regularly and wanted shoes which fit like my skin. These are very comfortable and keep my feet dry.These are not very expensive either. I love them!!", "They fit just right and relieves my back and thigh's aches & pains, very glad to find them. they look good too.", "Light and comfortable with great cushion and support. I play once to twice a week and these are all I get, air max 360.", "I bought this shoes in 10.5 US size and I thought the price was very good, the shoes arrive on time however the box was all torn up and I was wondering if the shoes was damaged as well, I found out that the shoes was in good condition however it has a very little signs of  use, so that's the reason I'm giving them just 3 stars because the lack of description.", "I have two pair of Retaliates that are beginning to show too much wear, so I was very glad to see a replacement model become available. The fit and comfort are very much like the original. They feel broken in after an hour or so of wear. I'm very happy with this purchase and expect to get as much or more enjoyment out of them as I did the originals", "Perfect shoe to wear all day. Nice and light. Fits perfectly. I took a chance in buying over the internet, but was very surprised at how well they fit.", "they are small but can break them in or wear without socks. I would still recommend because they are a good product", "The shoes are very light weighted but sturdy enough for intense workout. Has Stylish design. Nice price for the well made shoes.", "I really like this exact year model of this shoe. These are my favorite Nike shoes, and I have many. Amazon was the only place I could find the colors and availability I really wanted. I will probably order a couple more pairs before they become completely obsolete.", "Came on time, fits and was a good price, met all of my expectations. Ran 5 miles in them the other day and they are good sneakers", "I like these shoes but I tried them out for a run and they were smaller than expected. I am a size 12 and that's what I I received but if your a runner you need to get a size higher. didn't think I could turn these in so I kept them for walking.These are good shoes.", "perfect, good looking, pure black...just my style!!! great running partner...confortable as a glove!!! flexibility is perfect for me!! i reecomend it!", "Very comfortable.  Very Good price. I would reccomend to anyone.  Also, I got quite a lot of compliments on them.", "it is very good product. i recommended to buy it. it is relay as describe . i am very happy to buy it.", "compra inmediata y el producto en excelente estadoLos zapatos se ven mejor que en la foto. ^_^  ok good", "Great Price, Delivery was quick even to Alaska. The shoe fit just right. This is the second pair of this type & brand my son has purchased, they are comfortable and durable.", "I bought these shoes for my husband because he is in the police academy. He says they are super comfortable. The flexible soles gift a more natural movement of the foot. He was able to run further faster.", "I have two pair of Retaliates that are beginning to show too much wear, so I was very glad to see a replacement model become available. The fit and comfort are very much like the original. They feel broken in after an hour or so of wear. I'm very happy with this purchase and expect to get as much or more enjoyment out of them as I did the originals.", "This is my first pair of Cortez shows and they're awesome. Comfortable fit and tons of padding on the feet. They're actually running shoes, but for me they are my &#34;summer time low top&#34; shoes. Look great with Dickies shorts. Essential for any cholo style, if you're into that.", "It looks slightly less attractive than it does on the site. In person it looks more like a skateboarder's shoe, and it is just kind of big and clunky.", "i help my colleague to buy this shose, and it seems he likes it, and it seems he is satisfied", "It was an awkward fit, slim fit sorta of like their air max line. Slim cut. Great style, its be cool if they had wider options and and a black/white/gray option rather than denim.", "I owned a pair of blue nylon Nike Cortez in 1981 that I loved.  These look and feel and are constructed just as good, if not better, than the originals.  Go for them!", "Really confortable and looks very nice. it's feel good with the movement. I bought in red and grey, fully recommended.", "I wore them I really love them they are very comfortable and they look nice! very classic looking, and they shipped it pretty fast I really enjoy this product.", "I got a size 9 and they feel a little big, a 8.5 would have been a perfect fit, but they're still stupid dumb fresh!!!!!!!! LOVE EM!!", "These Retro 6 shoes are what I expected. Yeah I might have paid a bit more than they were worth but it was worth the money. The packaging and the shoe came in quick as promised and everything was tip top shape, no scratches no scuffs no fake material, etc. Definitely a pair to cop in 2014, Thanks SCHOOP!", "its was perfect  !!! everything fit like i thought it would . I'll definitely be back in a minute .", "Well I received my shoes like last week and I just wore them now. I examined them and they are authentic. They feel great I would highly recommend.", "I recieved my shoes in perfect condition and they look great on my feet. The shoes are extremely comfortable. Money well spent.", "Well, to start off i didn't buy these shoes from amazon i got them at a different store. The shoes are comfy and good looking they look great on both jeans and shorts, they are well made and diffenetly worth the price even though the materials used now days are worse than back then xD.", "These shoes were perfect fit and were exactly how it was describe thanks a lot for the shoes I love it", "i thought they looked awesome  and I loved them!!! made a great present for my nephew and he was estatic....thanks a bunch!", "As a college athlete, a good pair of flip flops is essential. These ones are great because they're durable, comfortable, and don't absorb water. Would recommend these to anyone!", "This was bought as a Christmas gift. The recipient was very happy that he got them and showed every one watching he was happy", "My son loved them.  They fit true to size and are very comfortable.  Great color!", "Unexpected cheap looking for nike, but my fianc&eacute; loves how the color, style, and fit. He wears a 10, but had to get a 11.", "My father in low is very pleased with these snickers. He says he can sleep on them. Very comfortable are they.", "Probably the most comfortable shoe I've ever worn and the quality is great. Shipping was also fast. Would recommend to anyone who is considering.", "Tough to get on/off like a Speedo or any swim wear!  They're very light!  I wear 10-10 1/2, I should have gotten an 11.  After wearing them for an hour you'll realize you too should have gotten a bigger size.  They look good, like a combo of walking shoes and water shoes.  The insoles are rubber so maybe they are Nike water shoes.  I tested it on the beach and they survived!", "Would do it again when needed.  It was so easy to buy them online. My son waited daily for them to come.", "Soft, comfortable  and stylish I love them, I will buy more colors soon but I;m hoping the earth shoes are more comfy@@@......", "Very nice shoe, Love the color and feels great. Very good product for the price. Well buy again. Best Buy", "I work from home part time and I have a stand up desk (that also slides down when I want to sit) so I was looking for comfortable slippers that would keep my feet comfortable whenever I would slide my desk to work standing up, and so I got these. After a month of having these, I'm giving it 4 stars because after perhaps 45 mins of standing working, I do feel a slight pain in my feet, perhaps my feet is still getting use to it and recooperating from the cheap dollar store looking slippers I was wearing for over a year working standing up. But overall, these slippers are so cute! The color is more lavender than purple, and I wear them all the time when I'm at home, including when I clean. The only time I experience the slight pain is when I'm working standing still for more than 45 mins. Good thing I read some of the reviews before purchasing because as other's have mention about the size, you definitely have to go up one size. For ex. I'm an 8, so I ordered a 9 and it fit perfectly.", "I ordered two pair for my mom and I.  We both love them!  They are very comfortable and fit us well!  Some of the best flip flops we've had!", "I just love the fit and comfort of these shoes.  They are great to take a walk in in the summer.  I did have to order a size up from my usual size, but not a big deal to me since I already knew this.Give them a try, you'll love them.", "I normally wear a size 9.5 so I got a 10 in these and they fit perfectly! It's like walking on pillows and after a long day at work I look forward to wearing them around the house while I cook, clean, etc. I'll definitely be buying more colors.", "This is my third pair of these in 4 years and I love them. They are crazy comfortable and the best &#34;around the house&#34;  shoe for me.", "I bought these because I love wearing flip flops in the summer , but my feet need a bit more support. I bought these just to try it and I am glad I did... I can wear my flip flops and my feet stay happy.", "Very comfortable, easy to walk in and as in all Nike products durable and long lasting!! Would buy again for sure...", "As a thong this is the most comfort thong that I ever had and beautiful colour. What else do you want?", "Just like it show on the picture, Love the color and cushiony feel when walking. Strongly recommend they are just perfect.", "i'm a US size 9 and i realised that with nile products 8 fits excellent. so u may want to try a smaller size. i bought an 8, and it fits perfect.", "These shoes seem a bit on the cheap side the materials that is. Nice fit and look good otherwise", "I felt that the shoe was true to size but when I walked in them my foot would slide backwards. I ended up returning them.", "This flip flop is so comfortable. Usually the first outing in flip flops results in pain between your toes, not these. They are very, very comfortable. I will be ordering more in various colors.", "They're ok, but I would not buy them again or recommend them to a friend.", "Good since permission to seeing for his brand nike is one of the best sandal that and had as his comfort when his adjustment travels to the pies his lengths perfect and his too good confor", "Nice looking only problem I have is my foot wants to slide out when I am wearing them.  Sizing is good.", "I love these sandals - I could no longer wear the cheap plastic ones as they hurt my feet - these work great", "comfort and quality were just as I expected fronm nike. I love these shoes and would recommend to any one", "Nice color, different, and a very good fit....These go with a variety of outfits and are comfortable with or without socks.  How can you fail with Nike.", "Fast service..'Christmas present for my son, and he loved them. They are exactly the same as the description on sellers page.", "Very nice shoe. Color of the shoe and shoelace blend well together. Very Comfortable is as expected for a Nike product. Will keep buying Nike as long as style keeps moving forward.", "Great thank you", "This is the most comfortable shoe for running I have ever had.  I tried the 2013 Air Max, and the shoe didn't work for me in the width. This is a hard shoe to find for my size, 11.5.", "My son loves it, I am so happy that I got it for him, he uses it most of the time,even times that he doesn't play Basketball :)", "My son loves the fit of the shoe, as he has rather narrow feet, but a large shoe size.He tried the sizing of the shoe locally at an athletic outlet. Then purchased on Amazon.We were very happy with the quality of the shoe for the price. Good find!", "Very confortable.  Good product. Good price  and beautiful.  Good cuality really , good to play basketballl,Really cute. The best ones.", "Love these shoes, very light and fits around the shoes appropriately. I can jump higher and feel my ankles are supported. They look as close as possible to the 2015 Marty McFly's but they don't cost your life savings to purchase. I'll update this post once I find out how the wear and tear is.", "good pair of shoes... like!!great grip, real light, and nice look.good for indoors and outdoors.only thing cushioning a little hard", "Ive had these for about 2 months now and they are very good quality. They took forever to break in, and I play a lot, but other than that they are a nice pair of bball sneakers.Very comfy and supportive", "Best Basketball Shoes ever! Great for its price and really comptrable.Good as those shoes that are for $200.00They are awesome...", "Started working out again and these shoes are great. I need more support in the toe area these shoes fit the bill.", "Thank you very much for a great product,the color is fantastic,the material strong and durable.not for outdoor court,indoor,will be great.", "I am very happy with this shoesIts a great itemI dont have any problem with this orderWell done", "I'm 26, and still playing a lot of ball. perfect for something light weight that supports the ankle! Highly recommend for any competitive recreational players out there", "Thanks soo much! I REceive my item and everything is ok. When I will visit miami again I will buy other product by amazonRegards.", "It is a good one  if I could have enough money I will study more English and come back and typing", "Because of the high heel, the shoes fit a little loose. But it is a lightweight shoe, and looks great. It has a durable outsole, and has good traction.", "These are comfortable shoes. It's starting to get warmer here in Dallas. So these are perfect (unless you're a surfer can't wear sandals every day). One thing I noticed is I didn't have to break them in. They felt great from the 1st time I wore them, and are really lite. Highly recommended can't go wrong with white & black in the summer matches everything!", "Really love these shoes, fit great! Very comfortable! Look great on and off the court, great for tenis play and also for wearing with jeans", "Great support and even better than I expected! I never thought they would become my favorite tennis shoe but they took first place instantly!", "Since I bought them I have played two times on hard courts and I do not have any complaints; they are very comfortable. I have not tested them on clay yet, but I presume that they will work fine as well. Besides the technicalities, they look awesome.", "Arrived as expected and are according to description.  Great to do business with.  Very comfortable and able to wear all day.", "these are the best,most comfortable and great looking shoes that I have ever bought,I will be purchasing some more in different colors,Like walking on a cloud,Sherry", "They fit as expected and I had no problems. They are nice shoes and feel good. I believe these will last longer then my last pair.", "I love this shoes. It actually looks better in person than in the picture. They feel real comfortable. I wear them just . About everyday.", "These sneakers are great for the gym, when doing your own thing. I would recommend more support for a cardio class or a run.", "This is one of the best trainers I have had. The shoe is light but supportive. I purchashed them for circuit/interval training and they work out fine.", "I needed an airy show that did not contain a lot of leather and would allow my foot to breath.  They are soft and comfortable and very good for hot days.  The insole could use more arch but I can buy innersoles.  They are light weight and airy.", "I have never seen anything like these shoes. The tongue of the shoe is part of an elastic band that wraps around the foot all the way down to the toe. They feel snug in a good way, like your foot is actually wrapped for support. And they look great!", "I simply love these shoes. Everything about them, how they fit, how they feel and how they look! Im completely in love. They also arrive much faster than expected. Highly recommend these.", "This was a gift, the recipient loved them. The color was spot on as was the fit and size. Very comfortable.", "Buy this for mis sister, i see she running or go to the gym whit this everyday. Looks nice and the price is not a problem(I pay 50 bucks) She is happy and me too. This is my favorite website to shop for sporting goods. Thanks Amazon definitely will return to buy again.!!!!", "These sneakers are great for dance-Zumba, plenty of toe room and light weight for excellent movement.  The price was cheaper than that offered by Macy's.", "I bought these for my wife. I usually try to stay as far from women's shoes as I can. Although I'm great at standing around holding bags, pocket books and everything else during a shopping spree, all thanks to Amazon. You made this trip fun.", "I bought his for my mom who walks every day and need a comfy stable shoe. She likes it from both appearance and comfort stand points. For moderate walker (perhaps 6 km every day) it definitely serves the purpose. Amazon price and size selection was also a plus. Over all good choice.", "THESE ARE THE GREATEST SNEAKERS I HAVE EVER HAD...THEY FIT WELL, THEY LOOK GREAT ALSO. I JUST LOVE THEM. WILL REORDER SOON", "Just purchased these at a Sport Authority store for $59.99.  The posted price here is way over inflated.  The shoe has great lateral support and movement and is true to size.  My previous shoe was week in the lateral,support so I am very happy with these.  No break in period required either.", "The shoes is well made. The colour is perfect. It is very comfortable and well made. The price is just right.", "THEY ARE SUPER COMFORTABLE AND LOOK PRETTY MUCH LIKE THE PIC. DEF WORTH THE PURCHASE. AND THEY ACTUALLY FIT WELL", "I'm not usually one to buy something so bright and in your face but it was recommended to me and I have since enjoyed the cheerfulness of its color.  It also fits well once I figured out the correct size to buy.", "i was not too convinced when ordering them, but in reality they look great. they're very light and very comfortable, perfect fit.", "I chose this rating because I am a Nike fanatic, have never been disappointed at Nike.The colors are awesome, styles are great, Nike will for ever be my favorite.Very comfortable and sexy.Judi", "Not only is green my favorite, but the shoe is very comfortable and a good shoe to workout in! Buy it and see!", "These started to come apart the 2nd day I wore them. The bottom of the shoe is coming away from the rest of it. They're comfortable otherwise, and came on time.", "love the shoe and the color but it is really tight at the end of the laces before the toes. Still trying to break them in - still prefer my nike free trainer over these.", "I really like these shoes they are comfy and they don't suffocate your feet like some shoes do. I REALLY LIKE THEM!", "I bought these for a friend and while she did not know that the shoes were coming, she liked the shoes that I got her. The only reason I only gave it three stars and not five, is because the shoe colors depicted in the picture are different than the ones that actually came on the shoe......the Nike Swoosh and the interior of the shoe are yellow...? This is not a problem for me because she didn't expect the shoes.....but If I was going to buy shoes for myself.....and I liked the colors, I would expect to receive the shoes that I saw and liked that made me order the shoes in the first place. So I probably won't be ordering shoes online for myself.....unless it is at Footlocker or another known shoes store....just my personal preference now that this has occurred. Thank you for your time.", "If you want a flexible, comfortable shoe, I would definitely recommend these! I love how they feel. They're like slippers!", "awesome shoe. awesome company. they start to stink pretty soon but i wear mines like everyday and they are comfy and i love them. i am a very active adult and these fit my lifestyle.", "Snug fit, very comfortable, extremely light, you almost feel like your bouncing when you run with these shoes, well worth the price", "my husband loved these shoes very easy to clean he said they are very comfy color goes with everything great shoes", "Style is nice but protection is bare bones.  Lesson - try it on before buying on the web.  I can walk in these but they are not for running.", "They fit perfect I want some more in some different colors  they are really comfortable can wear them all day", "The shoe lace eye lite broke the first time I wore the shoe. I would not recommend this product to anyone", "These shoes are great looking, but within a week have holes and are discolored.  I do not recommend these at all.", "An excellent shoe it fits as expected, light wight and very comfortable on foot.", "fits great, comfortable and durable. would definitely buy again, would love to see in other colors too. Amazon shipping is always on time, i work long hours and never have the time to go from store to store to purchase things i need or want", "My son got these for Christmas and he loved them.  He can be difficult to find shoes for too.  Quality product and quick shipping!", "Very nice looking shoes, my son loves it, very soft. I do recommend itI always buy NIKE products, good products", "GOOD SHOE TO WEAR WHILE YOU ARE ON YOUR FEET FOR LIONG PERIODS OF TIME.  AIR CUSHION AROUND YOUR WHOLE FOOT, NOT JUST PART OF IT; REALLY MAKES A DIFFERENCE IN THE PERFORMANCE.", "As with typical Nike shoes, these require the selection of a half or whole size larger than your normal size. I wear a 9.5 or a 10 most of the time and I bought these in a 10.5...they fit perfectly.The air sole is very nice and. ramatically reduces ground impact, maybe more than any Air shoes I've had. The soles have excellent traction for anything off pavement.These shoes look sharp, more so than the pictures show. Shoes often look better in pictures than in person...these are an exception in my eyes. The only negative I can come up with, is the swoosh on the toe could be a bit smaller and less flashy.Great comfort, great looks, great function. Would buy again.", "Beautiful and quality shoes, finely made (in Vietnam) and great feel. But be aware when purchase, order half size bigger! Design is great, being simple just attracts passers' views, you can tell.", "I bought these trainers for their originallity and comfort I previously bought the Ken Griffery Jnr a while back,I still have them today.They take a while to break in but once they do they are stylish original{I live in the UK so this is essential for me] comftable and no one else has got them that I have seen here they are A heavy trainer{sneaker} so be warned if your looking for a light slim trainer these are not for you!! I'm a Big guy so I like the more robust ttrainer/sneaker these are ideal for me.I would reccomend these to people no doubt that is why i went to so much trouble to get them.", "One of the most comfortable shoes I have ever owned.  Leave them on all day no problems.  Supportive and light with good response from the air max unit.  Bought another pair.", "I have the this one and I love them. Other guys are commented on the style and color as nice all the time. They feel and fit great. At first, they were tight but, now I love them and they are so dam comfortable.", "Bought these shoes for my son's birthday. He thinks these may be the best shoes ever made.Great comfort and support.", "there's nothing like Nike. this brand is just perfect. the most comfortable shoes. Great design. perfect color. five stars for you my friend!", "It has been 20 years since I have found a tennis shoe I liked this much.  It is sharp comfortable and well built. The last shoe I liked this much was the original rebok pump back in the day. It was awesome.And so is this shoe.Love It.", "They are comfortable and soft. Fits perfectly and you can walk miles..and miles..........Very light, but solid, Very nice looking.", "Great shoe, very comfortable and breathes very well. Doesn't fair too well on slippery surfaces, but is perfect for running, working out, or just to wear casually. For the price, it's one of the best shoes I own.", "these shoes are really comfortable, the tongues even are light, these are different form the heavier type shoes I am used to buying, I use them at work and they do there job", "I originally bought this shoe to workout in - weight training and cross training. It's a perfect shoe for the gym, however, I would not recommend buying this shoe for running only. It is definitely a 'trainer' style shoe and like I said, perfect for use in the gym. I have the blue/gray/black for the gym, liked it, so I ended up buying the all black version for work.", "Love these for cross training at home doing INSANITY. Provide nice support, especially lateral. Love the looks and light weight. Delivered on-time and well-packaged.", "I did a previous review of the same shoes - but in the Gray/dark Orange selection.  Like those shoes - which I purchased first, and resulted in me buying these.  The shoes are so comfortable, stylish and I could not be more happy in my purchase.Initially, I was hesitant in spending the cost vs. so many cheaper shoes for a lot less.  However, considering the feel of the initial shoes and how good they look; I had to go with it...without reservations.  In addition, I love the gel on the heels - because it does not allow my shoes to get dirty in the car when I drive on the left rear, while working the pedals.", "wosrt type of barefoot feel like shoe. I knew not to buy Nike but after reading many reviews on how great they were I got suckered in. the shoe does not aborb your impact, especial if you need arch support. after running and jumping around doing crosscut my feet hurt like hell. and now I'm stuck with these crappy shoes because I already worn them. stick with vibram five finger or merrell type shoes.", "I give this 4.0 sole a good review.  Bought from FinishLine and not Amazon like I do with everything else.  I have run in them and walked in them and I feel very confortable.  If you do heavy training including running I recommend going with the full 5.0 sole which has slightly more arch support but I wanted something I could also walk in very normally.  Cheers.", "I needed an insert with arch support so I took out the new and put in the used. PERFECTO!!!VERY COMFORTABLE AND EASY WALKING. not into indoor trainer stuff.", "Great tank, nice and light, will use it for playing tennis.  I like that it does NOT have a built in bra.", "I had purchased these before to layer under a golf shirt for a uniform. I loved it so I bought more. Many more. They are a great moisture wicking fabric. They fit very well. They feel like a second skin. I'm a big fan.", "These shoes were exactly what they appeared to be and i couldn't be happier.  They were the right size and shipping was fast and painless.  Will shop again!", "I was surprised when my son picked these, he loves them!  The leather/suede holds up very well.  Nike is staying true to their name.", "The sun is shining with these beauties.I love them.  They fit perfectly, look great and feel great. Nike always delivers.", "my son loves loves loves these shoes-- he is so happy and they are so confortable. i love them too", "the socks actually have the word NIKE written largely, not depicted in the picture.  I dont  like how they look and probably would not have bought them if i had seen the actual picture.  Other than that they are great socks performance wise.", "You will see almost every runner at the gym wearing these! Hard to find at retail so its a great purchase online!", "This is our daughter's 2nd pair, and they fit the same as the first pair.  She loves them, and runs 4 miles or more every day.", "Very slimming for a curvy girl. Comfortable, never rode up while at the gym. Great buy and will purchase more.", "these fit good stretch well, comfy and good price i shall buy some more when needed. thanks amazon for your help.", "These socks are probably the best socks I have ever purchased...they fit nice and tight and form to your fit superbly. Even when they are wet they still feel good which is perfect since I use them to play in soccer.", "they are very comfortable and they fit well. Thank you to Nike, Amazon, and of course the one and only god himself", "Good comfortable socks decent price an very great quality", "the socks arrived as stated when ordered; they were a gift and the receiver of gift appeared to be satisfied", "Just as described! Product fits comfortably, and they are a reasonable price. I would recommend this product to all others!", "I know when you look for socks you are looking for price and quality. These socks rock for the price and the quality is even better", "Hard to find XL socks in the store so ordered on line and they fit great and so far the quality is good.", "This wind breaker fits good and does it's job well. It definitely repels the water and wind. Then vents on the sides are nice to keep you cool, but they can make your back and shoulders pretty cool on colder days. Not much warmth..I ordered this thinking it was a &#34;jacket&#34; as advertised. It's definitely NOT A JACKET, just a windbreaker. As a windbreaker, and rain/fog repellent..it works great. There's absolutely no liner or anything to keep you warm, so just keep that in mind if you're looking for a jacket. Basic nylon shell, really nice to have the reflectors on the arms.", "These shoes were requested by my 11 year old grandson who is so very pleased with them.  He is a happy camper!", "They're really cool, but they're kind of tight. Get a pair about a half a size bigger. Not the best running shoes at all until you wear them in.", "Why run around in stupid, baggy basketball shorts when you can wear these trim, good looking running shorts?  They feel great, perform nicely, and show off my gorgeous gams.", "A piece of cheap plastic, Looks like a jacket from the mid 80's, if you even want to call it a jacket.No lining, nothing. Transparent...", "Great.", "My son chose these sneakers.  I ordered them a half size larger -- he is a growing boy.  I like the way they fit and they looked nice on his feet.  The price was nice for growing feet.", "My 12 year old picked these out for Christmas. He loves them. they fit perfect and they look very nice.", "Nice and comfortable shorts. Look just like described and feel good as well.  No complaints on fit good buy nike", "My girlfriend loved the fit of these socks and the style. Durability is good for the price, and everyone loves wearing anything with a nike logo, right? ;)", "This is a great shoe and very comfy they are very breathable and fit great.They also are very stylish and feel good on your feet. A+", "The shoe was a HIT!!! It was a present and arrived earlier than the intended shipping date!! The suede is perfect, not faded at all, the woven area is so unique and really stands out compared to the other Roshe's out there!!!!", "As opposed to other review, my experience was completely different. This turned out to be a perfect cheat for someone who is whole day on their feet, you can use it as a business shoe.Love it.", "The size was accurate which was a big concern. My husband has worn them every day since they arrived, he said they didn't even need to be broken in. Very happy with this purchase and will absolutely be ordering others.", "Elegant model are comfortables, has good grip on slopes and on the bicycle pedals. i use them to walk and working", "these shoes are so comfortable. and truly do have the affect of walking barefoot. I want another pair in another color. just sayin", "i bought this shoe for my daughter birthday, she loves it very much, she told me she ran very fast with this shoes", "I love my shoes and they fit very nicely. The pink on these shoes are just enough color and it doesn't look like to much.", "Good shoes, this product is like that i expect it. Nothing wrong, the size was perfect. No more to say", "Great product for working out. Great material for working out in as well. Nike always seems to get it right", "The best tights for working out- keeps everything in its place and super durable. Lasts through heavy wear and tear. Highly recommend!", "Love the Nike Lunar Glides. Can't find a more comfortable sneaker.  I am on my feet a lot and I can put these shoes on and they are great from day one.  Just love them.", "These are tge second pair of Nike Frees for my 20 month old daughter. They are a great light weight sneaker which bend easily to allow her to walk and run with ease.", "They fit perfectly. I'm a 7 1/2 in women's and this 6.5 kids shoe fits me perfectly! I cant wait to workout in them tomorrow!", "i only waited a few days before my package arrived and I love these shorts! They fit perfectly and I would recommend them.", "Arrived on time and in good packaging. It fit wonderfully and perfect. Have worn it multiple time and it's still practically brand new!", "Fast shipping, exactly what i wanted.", "I bought a bunch of the first generation shirts of this series from a discount clothing store, and they impressed me enough that when I saw an offering for a new model that I grabbed one right away. It's very good for wearing at night for running, but also comes in handy during the day if you happen to work in a job that requires Hi-Vis. Very comfortable.", "This compression shirt is excellent all around. It feels a bit tight when you first put it on but then it works great. It feels like a second skin that keeps your body tight and makes you look good under any dress shirt or other clothes. It also breaths and wicks sweat away and keep your dress shirts clean.", "good item and goog quality. good for weight training.  very convinient for workout.  it worth buying. nice goods and good", "Great color! Fits great and keeps me as cool as possible, I work in Attics year round in Houston. Every little edge helps. I prefer these nike combat shirts because of the gut cut around my stomach... It fits me better than under armor.", "I wear these when I work out, run or do jiu jitsu. They are exactly what I was looking for!", "IT LOOKS GREAT......EVEN FEELS GOOD, BUT IT IS SO FLIMSY. I GOT IT FOR USING IT AS A CYCLING SHORT......I HOPE IT WILL LAST SOME MONTHS.......", "Good product, as expected from Nike.  So light you hardly feel it but its great on hot days.  Not as noticeably tight as UA compression wear.  Nice styling and no-feel seams.  If I could change anything, I'd make them an inch longer.  Nike's 9&#34; shorts appear to be an inch shorter than UA's 9&#34; compression shorts.  Other than that, the only deciding factors when shopping is price, availability, and color if that matters.", "this thing didnt last.. the waistband disintegrated within days. made in mexico ?! come on mannn. i got better luck with jockey brand !", "as the heading says.... SUPER COMFORT definitely the most comfortable I have worn.  Replaced all of my Name brand Boxer briefs", "Like the length...but fit slightly smaller than the shorter ones.  They seem to work good but just a tighter fit.", "Is not the most comfortable short ever, and is somehow smaller than expected, but it does its works well and prevents chaffing nicely.", "These shorts fit very well and give excellent support.I have several pairs and definitely recommend them for the serious athlete.", "Can't expect more from them ... Great for my weightlifting sessions !!! They help the bar to spin over my quads easily!", "Bought these for my grandson.....PERFECT........the fit was just right...he loves them under his basketball uniform.  Soft material and really likes the fit.", "I wear these for soccer and they are the perfect fit and length. Definitely recommend these. They are very comfortable, too.", "This is a great addition to my workout wear. Will add a splash of color under my work out shorts.", "This was exactly what I was looking for. If you want good compression shorts, these are the ones. Good buy, worth the money.", "These fit very well. I have many pairs and I wear them every time I workout. Wouldn't buy any other brand.", "Extremly comfortable shoe.  I haven't ran in them yet but they are great for walking and everyday use.  I like the colors as well", "I bought for a gift to my daugther. She loves them. She is used them since I gift. It was a great buy!!", "My son absolutely loved these shoes.  They are great and fit perfectly.  He says they are very comfortable and he can wear them with so many different colors.", "Very modern and nice, good product the one that offers of excellent quality I overcome my expectations...goood's D T B", "I purchased these shoes for my husband and he loved them.  They fit true to his size and are very comfortable.  They are not bulky and have great style.", "I wish that Nike would make these for all ages, and foot sizes.  These are so much more secure on the foot than tong sandals.These water sandals give air for the feet to breathe, yet are more supportive for activities.  As an adult, I can't stand wearing anything between my toes; so these would be perfect even for me (if only they made larger sizes.)", "I ordered these and they arrived 2 days early which i was very impressed!  They were a little big for my baby girl but very cute! Didn't seem to be a comfy as I thought but over all great product", "My daughter lives them. They dry fast and are nice and lightweight. Perfect for little toddlers beginning to explore! Would buy again", "These are really great flip flops they were for my grand daughter.  But I don't know what I did wrong but I got the wrong size. So Ihad to return them.  These are a size 2 and she needs a size 11 1/2 or 12.  They are soft and comfortable.  I called and got a return authorization, no problem, I printed out a return label and returned them.  These flip flops are fabulous I wish they had them in adult sizes this color.  I think anyone that gets a pair of these will be super impressed with them.", "The design is the highest though it was a little narrow.The correspondence of the shop was prompt and was also very good. It was possible to buy it at ease", "The shoe is super comfy it is an over all amazing shoe that is definitely worth very single dollar you spend on it.", "These were ordered for a friend.  He loves them and wears them often.  They fit perfectly and the colors are nice.", "Just order the shoes yesterday hoping that this is the real deal I'll let you know when I have them in my hand", "Great shoe lot of money but worth every penny need more floors at a cheaper price so I can buy more", "shoes fit perfectly, there decently confortable there just really nice to look at  perfect shoes to were with black shiirt and jeans", "What an awesome shoe, well made and fits great.", "awesome the shoe looks so awesome on foot fits perfect feels real nice while walking and it draws alot of attention your way", "My son absolutely loves these Nike foamposite pro PRM Spiderman shoes. He wears them all the time. They are super comfortable", "The Nike Mens Air Foamposite,white with red blotches, is wayradical and awesomely cool.Yes, it is somewhat pricey.They look like they have smallpox &#8212;and that makes them absolutely bitchin'", "My son loves these shoes, they came just before Christmas even though I knew that it might not have made it to me til after Christmas, I was so delighted and relieved that I was able to wrap them up and gift them to him on Christmas day. He thinks he's too cool for school... Lol. Just joking", "I really love the color and how it fits to my feet. However, you might feel a little bit hurt if you play soccer with this, because it feels like you're wearing nothing. It does increase your running speed though! Also, at the rate of playing soccer every week, this shoes won't last for more than 3 months!", "Nike always does a good job with sizing. Fits as expected, shoe looks great and it's very light! My son loves it and say's that it's very comfortable compared to his other soccer shoes. Definitely sticking to Nike with soccer shoes!. Thanks.", "it was a good purchase at a better price than the stores. and they were available here. its a light shoe and very nice colors.", "Shoe very beautiful and good quality, I hope that my son has a good performance and make a lot of goals for better satisfaction.", "Great indoor soccer shoes.  They fit just as advertised and my son loved the color.  He wore them all the time.", "My grandaughter is very pleased with this shoe.  We did need a half size larger, but now it fits well and is comfortable for soccer's demands.", "Comfortable, fit to size. Very nice quality, kinda expensive for b-ball shorts. Wanted more color options. All were out of stock", "Very comfortable and lightweight.  The Dri-Fit material used in these shorts works better than I originally was expecting.  I will be buying more.", "My grandson was beyond pleased so in turn I am thoroughly satisfied. Out of all his shoes he most happy with these and wants to wear them with everything even it doesn't match.  11yr. olds right!", "Great running shoe, and I have a lighter feel in each step.The first few times wearing them my feet hurt really bad, and I thought the shoes were a mistake... Once you break the shoes in they are AMAZING!!!", "Really stylish and durable though really light. Perfect for free running without stocks, It's worth the extra money you pay comparing with similar competitors.", "Aerodynamic, flexible, resistant, stylish. Good for the price and for physical activity like cycling, running, gym, crossfit. Rest the eyes and protect from sun", "I have received the item on time.The product itself is very good, love it.But when I got it I feel that it was used before since inside the nike box one of the plastic cover is missing.", "The shoes are very nice looking and in quality.  My hubby was very happy with the shoes which made me happy.", "awesome color way for the what tha kobes, one of the best kobe nike zoom 7 yet , limited edition shoe!!! Really hard to find shoe and one of sellers on amazon had it, jackpot for a sneaker head like myself. beast of a shoe! fits great comfortable", "Very good! 100% Excellent product, people honest and reliable.I get the product in a short time. I like it", "The Nike Air Max Tennis Shoes are just great they are lightweight and they feel like you are walking on a cloud", "Got this shoes for a cheap price. It fits well and confortable on my feet plus the color and design is very nice in my opinion.", "I also watched to Fab Five and really liked the jackets.  Can't afford this!  I would like to support Team USA with official Olympic wear, but looks like I will be shopping the knock-offs from China instead.", "bought this as a gift for my bf....he loooves it, and so do i. very true to the picture shown", "I bought them as a gift to my boyfriend and he loves them. He loves the style, the color and the fact that they are really comfortable!", "this shoe is a great product it fits a bit small but it looks great. i would recommend others to try these shoes as well for the right price", "I tried this for two days. The size fit me well but my toes got swollen. So I returned it.", "excellent, product, perfect condition, exact color, fits perfect and is exactly what I wanted, thank you. I received  sending me what I  exactly wanted", "I had read all over the interwebs that these ran a size small, it was more like a 1/2 size at most so mine are a tad large but they are great shoes", "it was a gift for my cousin, and as soon as he wear them he was so excited, becuse he loves this type of shoes.", "The sneakers fit exactly as I expected and I am very satisfied with the purchase.  I would order them again.", "They came super fast an they're just what they said great shoes for a good price thats all you can ask for", "i would love to purchase these shoes!! but there is no size! if you can reply telling me what the shoe size is/are. thanks!", "this shoe is perfect, plenty of compliments.brings me back to the 90s every time i wear it.cant complain at all.", "These shoes fit true to size.. I absolutely love them and how they look.. They shipped as expected. Very very happy with this product and the speedy shipping", "This shoe was a Christmas gift for my grandson, and he likes them just fine.  They are a good-looking shoe.", "I love the bright colors of these shoes.  They fit just as I expected.  I'm a loyal customer of the Nike Free (Run and Trainer) line of athletic shoes.", "I was looking for a light pair of training shoes that were secure enough for resistance training exercises, but flexible enough for agility movements. I started with the Nike Free Trainer 7.0, but found that the shoe is so bulky and stiff that it hindered quick movements. The Nike Free Trainer 5.0 was better, and I almost purchased them, but after trying the 3.0 I realized it was the best choice.The shoes are almost as light and flexible as the Nike Free Running series but still secures the ankles and gives support for training exercises. The design of the shoes is a huge plus too, not only are they functional but they look good too.I'd recommend this shoe to anyone looking for light, flexible, and supportive training shoes.", "i bought these as a compromise training shoe.  My first foray into the Nike Free world was the Run 5.0, an excellent running shoe, but not so great for weightlifting.  The Free Trainer 3.0 is terrific where the 5.0 was limited.  The heel isn't thick and cushioned, so it makes keeping my heels planted during squats much easier.  Also of note is the heel and ankle support, which keeps my foot from shifting inside the shoe as much.", "These shoes were bought for my hubby for him to work out in. He loves them, and they fit perfectly. Very light, and easy to exercise in!", "These have some fit issues since the last pair I got was too tight and this pair was fine. But if you get the right fit they're the best. Like as in the very best. Super comfortable, stylish, great for running or just hanging around. The only downside is I'm 5'8&#34; and they definitely don't give me any height! lol. By the way, I've tried the 4.0 and 5.0 and the Nike 3.0s are by far my favorite.", "These Nikes are very comfy and stylish. They are lightweight and easy to run, bike, or just wear around the city in. I would recommend them to anyone who wants a comfortable everyday shoe.", "Very light weight by Nike and professional for running and some other sports, I use it dayly and love it!", "These shoes are super light first off, second they are comfy. Mine are neon green and any color looks awesome for these shoes i am happy with them.", "Recommended product very excellent materials and finishes, guaranteed satisfaction, the size is normal, the product meets all offered,  very comfortable and fit the foot, good for walking", "..pretty much says it all.  love the color, the fit, and the way they feel!I have gotten may compliments on them in a short period of time.", "Will be returning to the Gym soon and I had no exercise shoes and I like the color and how light they areGreat", "If you are looking for Nike white shoes, this pair is perfect. Very lightweight, not a lot of support, if you're a runner. Perfect for me, I wanted lightweight. I love them!", "My son is a Jordan fan through and through...he loves his new Shoes and wants more. Great price, and look great!", "Very good shoe. A lot more comfortable than some Jordans. This is my second pair of this shoe. Buy them.", "Fast delivery and in perfect condition. Fit perfect and were above my expectations. I recommended them to a friend and he even bought some. Thanks", "i got these the other day.  soooooo comfortable!  one thing, they run small, not narrow, so i sized up 1/2 size.  try them on first to be sure and amazon, this is a beautiful color, please carry them in bigger sizes.  i had to go to another website after trying 2 weeks to find them.  i plan on getting them in the puch color too.", "My daughter is 6 months old and is just starting to grow out of them and she has been wearing them since she has been born!  Love them and they don't get ruined after washing them 100 times!", "AWWWW, JUST LOOK AT HOW CUTE THESE ARE. I GOT THESE FOR MY NEW GRANDBABY. THEY ARE SO SOFT AND I'M SURE WILL BE COMFY ON THE LITTLE FEET!", "I love them they are so cute!!! They probably won't fit for long because baby grow so quickly but I'm sure my cousin will love them for her baby thnx", "My wife is putting together a baby shower gift basket and thought the little Nikes would look nice. We kinda think  baby Samatha is going to be a \"tomboy\" just like her mom.", "I was lookin for a nice pair of shoes to do excersises and go out to runn, I bought the nike turbulence 17 cuz it seems to have everything that I was searching, and they have it.There are light and confortable, plus there fit tight in my feet so I can run for hours with the perfect sentation of security that I need.Im very happy with this running shoes.", "I am pleased with these tennis shoes...they arrived in a timely fashion and are now a gift under the tree for my son!", "The perfect hoodie. It fit great and kept me cozy and warm at the game.  I recommend it for all", "I love these shoes, I work out in them every day and they are exactly what I wanted.. The color is cool.", "This backpack is a great backpack.  High school kid using it and it is exactly like one used last two years but a lot cheaper in price buying online.  Very quick turn a round time and very happy with the backpack.", "This big is a beautiful color, it's spacious, it's perfect for high school (or middle school). Absolutely recommend and love!", "Shoes fit as described. Great quality as I have been wearing them for a while now, but hadn't taken the time to rate them.", "Ordered these for my boyfriend a year ago, he loves them! thier exactly like the picture and graet fit. Brand new with box. I will be ordering again!", "These shoes are the real thing, and not over priced like some others do. Jordan Shoes are custom design and mass produced for the Basketball players who want to run that court. Thanks for shoes!!!", "Im 12 all over again so comfortable all swade light and dare i say dam good looking too think i'm getting the borax next", "These shoes are both comfortable and have loads of swag. Also they actually had a size 14. I ordered them on a Thursday and they came on a Monday. Overall a great purchase.", "This Olymic Jordan retro 7 is a well made comfortable addition to any collection.The colorway is a welcome addition and a way to express Olypmic spirit and remember Dream team. It fits well and is all well detailed.", "I would say thank you very much for the shoes :) I got what I wanted, authentic shoes, true to seize and the delivery was faster then I expected!! No complains whatsoever, I'm looking forwards to do business with him again.", "Bought these for my spoiled daughter for Christmas and she absolutely loves them. I am not a Tennis shoe fan but these look super cute on her foot.", "This is my first pair of Jordans that I bought online, and I am very pleased with the service this seller had in bringing the shoes. The shoes are authentic and in new condition. I normally wear Chuck Taylor's and Air Max's , however, I thought since it's Christmas, I thought I'd give these a shot. I bought these in size 12, and it fits real good. Great shoes to rock in the early winter and summer.", "These shoes are so comfortable--like wearing slippers.  I love the color because I wear a lot of aqua.  They are so light weight and cool in summer.", "Nice shoe.  Would only wear them on a dry course.  Love the color.  Can't wait to put them on and play!", "These are heavier than I had expected, and not at all like the Nike flip flops I used to own. The straps rub my feet and I often feel like i am not centered on the sole correctly because the 'gel' doesn't conform to my feet. They are good for standing and doing dishes at the sink, but I would never plan to walk any distance in them. They have been down graded to shower shoes for the gym. I would have returned them but the shipping prices were too high, and I thought I'd give them a chance.", "Just what I ordered! These were cheaper than anything I found around. They are exactly what I wanted and they are comfy.", "Just like in da store love it buy all my air force and air mak on this sit it just take me to cliks do it while at work or even when i am driving", "I always loved these sneakers. Been a fan since they first came out. looks good with sweat suits, jeans, or shorts. Can dress them up or down. It's the fasion worlds black dress.", "They fit somewhat mall , but other than that they look great and very confortable . I wear them to work and since I have to be on my feet for 12 hours this did the trick . I love them", "recommend these shoes, nice style, good match with clothes, fits well. I am glad I bought them. comfortable fit. love the color.", "Great product. Very well made and sturdy. Fit very well too. Would recommend this to any sports fan. Great price too.", "the product was in perfect condition, the features are correct, everything is perfect, it is a seller 100% safe and reliable ... I hope to do business with you again, thank you very much.", "i prefer the blue one,but purple is nice too. i like it very much. they are fashion and suitable for me", "The product arrived promptly and was as described in the ad. The sweatshirt material is warm and the colors are perfect for Giants fans!", "I just bought these shoes, from a local store. They are amazingly flexible, great for running and also great for work out. I love their cool look. they look awesome with jeans, and are great for running. This shoe hugs your foot, but feel light, almost like being in some ultra comfortable socks.", "these are Very good shoes for the price. light weight and excellent durability. good grip and comfort for indoor play .. rockz", "I bought these for my boyfriend for Christmas.  I was a little nervous about the colors, but was happily surprised to find a set of black laces as well as the yellow ones.  They arrived within the estimated time from the seller and the price was great!  Very happy with this purchase!", "My son put them on just as soon as he opened this gift. He was excited, as he was already so pleased with his Lunarglide 3's he has been wearing. He was ready to get out running right away.", "I chose this product for its quality. I recommend it to everyone. the size is perfect. I had no problem !!!!!", "Great shoe.  Very lightweight.  I like that I can use it in the gym, walking around town and forgoing out.  Great all purpose shoe.", "My son only wears Nike Shox and he is happy yet again :) He outgrows them before he ever wears them out.", "very good. excellent", "nice design, quality and price, as a gift to my father is prety amazing, he loved it, to excerside or relax at home, nice one", "Great sneaks. The boy loves them. Paid $90.00 before Christmas now the price is down to $60.00. Wait til after Xmas next time.", "I own 30 pair of Nike Air Force 1...this shoe is no exception...great shoe always has been always will be", "I love the style and comfort. I purchased about 13 pairs of different colors, including both low and high tops. The sole is Lunarlon technology, and when you wear it, it is very comfortable. I have wide feet. So despite being 10.5, 11 wasn't too long and in fact fits well. And of course, it's a beautifully designed shoe.", "these shoes are light, good for running, and style as well. they are comfortable and easy to run in and to do general things in life. i highly recommend for you to buy thses shoes.", "When I received the box, I was not sure of the contents because it was so light weight.  I opened the Amazon box and saw the orange Nike box inside; lo and behold my running shoes were indeed inside!I examined them for flaws. No lose threads or double thread lines of corrections, no glue showing' they are perfectly made.When I wore the shoes and went outside to change my parking spot, I felt like I was walking on clouds. In fact, you feel the comfort immediately upon putting them on.Suede, leather, mesh and comfortable black inner soles. Ventilated mesh all over the shoe makes it a great running or walking shoe particularly if you live in a warm climate area like me...Florida.Thanks NIKE! Thanks AMAZON!", "For a slim tall 15 yr old where adult s or xs is still too loose. Concern was the length of arm length but the arm length fit of this shirt is good.", "These shoes are very stylish and comfortable. Loved the price and fit. Worth the money have gotten many compliments on them", "Awesome looking shoe and very comfortable, but after just 2 months the sole is coming unglued.  Not very good quality for the price.", "Okay, beautiful shoe, felt great for my son but side accents started pulling away after 2-3 mo.Center-mid premier league, but shoe should do better with 6-7 hours / week for that price, IMO.", "MY GRANDSON LOVED THEM, VERY SHARP LOOKIN SHOE, LOOK JUST LIKE THE PICTURE, I WAS VERY HAPPY WITH MY PURCHASE, NICE FIT NICE SHOE", "As usual great shoes by Nike.  Packaged well by seller and just what I was looking for.  They were a gift for our son for Christmas.", "They look good. They fit good.  Size runs true. Came in good shipping shape with original box and packaging box.  I would recommend these.", "i love this one. It is the best I have ever had. this is a true customer service. Keep up your honesty. I and my family love the Tracksuit.", "These shoes came in wonderful condition.  I also bought a pair for my son and these too came with excellent quality.  I was very pleased with my purchase and speedy delivery! Thanks now I can have matching Jordans with my son &lt;3.", "Good fit , nice and light , broken in.Worth $125 when on saleKids love this boot oh yes they do", "These were purchased for my 16 year-old son for soccer.  He says they are very comfortable and grip the turf good.", "Amazing shoes. Lightweight, comfortable, and decent padding. Only complaint is the cost...but after looking around at similar shoes,  the price was comparable. Definitely worth the investment for a good soccer shoe. These shoes are being used on turf and grass- they work well on both. My daughter wants to add in that they still smell good!", "They are slightly lighter than the old CTRs and i prefer the maestri II but they were good. They didn't supply much protection from cleats", "This particular style fits my daughter better than any other.  Practically no break-in time.  She plays at the highest U17 club level and we've been through lots of cleats, and these are about the best.", "I love them so much and I know my boyfriend is going to love them even more. I was very impressed on how fast they arrived. The quality is absolutely perfect. One of the best pair of shoes I have ever purchased!", "was a great buy totally worth every penny 5 star ratings the only problen is that the front white part gets stains that are a lil difficult to come off but shill a great purchase", "Bought these for my nephew who is an avid football player (That's Trinidad Football). He loves the sneakers, says they are perfect.", "Yes I was truly happy with the fast service and good quality merchandise very comfortable sneaker I just love the sneaker over all thank u and I whould shop again. They are very good buisnes people to deal with. They sent tracking number which is always very important yes I'm very happy.", "If you just gotta have the latest kicks, I guess these will seem like a bargain.  I'm not convinced that they're worth all the money I paid for them.  I bought 1/2 size larger than I normally wear and they still squeeze my feet half to death.  For someone who gets a good fit, I would imagine they'll do the trick.  Great ankle support, by the way, which is a huge reason I bought them.  If you can, try on a few pairs in person.  You might have better luck than I did.", "i got the 9 mens and the are really nice i got them for 129.99 but should be 200$ have fun", "My son really likes the sneakers. Although I think they look space shoes. But I don't have to wear them.", "Jacket is lightwight and perfect for using on a day hike, packs away easily into a daypack and fits well.", "Being a senior citizen gym rat, I have a fondness for UnderArmour, Nike, and Adidas workout clothes because of their reliable quality and durability.  I needed a black warmup jacket to wear going to and from the gym.  This jacket fit the bill 100%.  It is very well made (like all Nike clothing in my experience) and fit me perfectly.  The elastic waistband and cuffs are also to my liking.  The material weight is perfect for all but the coldest days here in Virginia.  I recommend this jacket without reservation.", "These are perfect for the wanna be prima donna who doesn't care about comfort or function.  They are not comfortable and do not conform after being broken in.  I had hoped for better as my memories of these kicks in the 90's were good.  Save your money and go to Payless, no thanks NIKE!", "Im a nike sneakerhead, and these speedturfs were dope, I was hella excited when I got em lol they hella fresh", "It is really nice and good but was small at first. There should be more colors at the top though! Black looks hot for summer but it is really good for running and after a while is a good fit.", "I got these for my 10 yr olds birthday.,  He loved them the minute he saw them and has been wearing them ever since.  They are still in very good condition.", "This shoe is very comfortable and keeps the water/slush out.  It also has great aesthetics. Great buy for a GORE-TEX shoe.", "Like this product! fits perfect and the quality is as good as all nike stuff i ve purchased, It  arrived on time", "Nice and vary Comfortable there is an inside lineing of Cushion in the shoes so There a dream to walk in. Hard to get on at first.", "Great looking shoe the only downfall was it runs a little small. Shoe is great for going to the gym.", "These shorts are very comfortable to run in. I love the color. I have tried other off brand running shorts but end up spending extra on Nike shorts because they consistently fit better with less rubbing issues and better fit then other brands!", "My son was very pleased with how the spats fit and wore them all of October.  They fit as expected and where built well", "My son love them I got the for the month of October for breast cancer. We look foward to getting another pair for my youngest son next year.", "I usually buy Salomon waterproof shoes, so I took a chance on these Nikes being as good. So far, they are as good as and for half the price of the Salomons.", "my girlfriend's nephew loved them, the color is more vivid than in the picture (that's great!) it fit him nicely. All in all a great purchase! As for the service in general, it was really fullfilling our spectations.", "I was looking for lightweight sneakers for cross training - specifically kickboxing. I needed ankle support and couldn't find any mid tops until i stumbled on these. Awesome awesome lightweight flexible supportive sneakers!!! Looked way better than the pic when they arrived.", "These are some great shoes, the size is perfect and the color right one.  However, the picture shows the shoes with royal blue shoe strings, arrived with only white shoe strings,,, somewhat disappointed!  Arrived on time and in good condition.  Happy!!!", "These shoes are most amazing looking Jordan 1's I ever had!! The way look a heck a lot better then any other color scheme Jordan 1's out there.", "Jordan's!!!Need I say MoRe?These sneeks are super comfortable and very stylish!I gets lots of compliments and I am comfortable all day long!I highly recommend these sneakers!!!!", "Ordered and recieved very fast with nice packaging. Great socks fit well and color is true. Thanks for the product!!", "Now,this item is great for ones feet.When i say this,i am talking about comfortable fit,style,outstanding for sports in wearing shorts.my nephew is enjoying this item,the pack came in all the colors of the school he attends,and boy is he showing this item off.He is requesting another pack and he is going to get it,but i don't like the fact that he is sharing them with his younger siblings who arecarless,although the socks remain clean and not bleached up like the other socks they have.Could it be that the sock are name brand and that nike is the ____! Teenagers,go figure.", "love them, they feel great when I put them on... specially good since they are made in USA and not china!", "VERY SATISFIED! These socks are very very durable! I use them every week when I go to the gym. And, they haven't faded much despite using and washing them every week for over a year. I highly recommend these socks.", "Fit very good. Smooth in toe are - great for diabetic. Love the L & R on each sock for left and right. They really are constructed differently for each foot.", "Awesome cushioned socks specifically designed for each foot - clearly marked with an L and R.  Worth the money. Makes you want to toss all your old socks!", "Too small for my husband but work great for my son!  So next time I'd buy the XL for my husband.  :)", "I ordered and have enjoyed the wear of these socks.  They are so very comfortable and soothing to the feet.", "Another great looking, fitting product by Nike.My son loves this pack of colors (matches his school colors) and wears them constantly!No fading or bleeding of colors that I noticed in the first few washes as usually happens with red and black.Will buy again (actually- did buy more already!)", "This was a gift for my Mom who is a senior and wanted red sox. Great product, very cushy and great color!", "As an actuall running shoe I would not recomend this as I use minimalist shoes. But for track the style is great for going to meets and warming up. Its heavy and supportive which is what I look for in a warm up shoe.", "Expensive, but comfortable and well-made.  Very light shoe that will last the season; eye-catching, too.  My son loves playing in these as the color makes him feel fast and unique (refs see the traveling, tho:).", "My boyfriend got these for me for my birthday & I absolutely love them ! The color is so vibrant and pretty ! Got lots of compliments on them :) highly recommended .", "My daughter love love love these!  I was happy to have found them and the price was comparable to other sites.", "Just got my shorts in! They look great and fit well, too! Really comfy, soft material(not sweaty weird-work-out material). Light weight, good length. I will enjoy having these. I recommend them to anybody.", "Great Nike classic shoe! It is a bit heavier shoe than the Nike Vortex yet still holds true to size and arch support. Comfortable, stylish and affordable. J Crew sells this same style of Nike but at a far higher price.", "i always loved these shoes, i had them when they came out for the first time early in  the decade, they look great, they are very comfortable and works with almost every look... if your foot is wide i suggest ordering half a size bigger", "The shoe came in good condition despite it being boxless upon arrival due to my freight forwarder. It's a classic! It fits well. Overall, it's all good!", "The shoe is very comfortable. Sturdy design and goes well for my countries colors. The shoe is good for both walking and running.", "The most comfortable and great fit running shoes by Nike, I workout everyday and have over hundred pair of running shoes and these shoes are one of the best and my favorite.", "thees are some of the crispyiest shoes i have ever put on and i know my shoes thees are 100% real and plus ive never seen anyone else with them on thees are my favorite shoes out of all 8 pair", "fits perfect and looks good", "Clean clean clean clean clean clean clean clean did I mention clean cleanest of clean king of clean yep yep", "THESE SHOES FIT MY FEET VERY WELL. VERY GOOD ARCH SUPPORT, VERY CUSHIONY, YET FIRM, HIGHLY RECOMNDED FOR PEOPLE WITH LOW ARCHES OR WHO NEED EXTRA CUSHION SUPPORT FOR HIGH IMPACT AEROBICS.", "I had my first pair of Nike Air Max shoes back in 1997.  They were the best shoes I have ever had.  I have been looking for these ever since.  This shoe was similar to what I remember, but the arch support was not quite as high.  It is still a great shoe.  The product was in brand new condition upon receiving them and I received them a day early.", "I love air max tennis shoes. They are light and comfortable and are the bomb for walking. If you work long shifts they are a good shoe for that as well.", "The shoe fit was fine and arrived when expected. The pair received had a manufacturer defect. This review has been edited since seller contact has rectified the situation. Replacement product not yet received, however his steadfast  desire to make things right was worth updating early.  Will update again once product is received.", "these shoes are very good i think that everybody should have a pair or two of nike ruckus lows they are great", "Just beautiful! It was a gift and my friend was thrilled when she opened it! Moisture wicking and cool design!", "I am very happy with these socks. The fit the foot snugly and being thicker (just what I was looking for) than standard dress socks so are very comfortable. They are not super thick like hiking socks so won't stretch your shoes. Been through the wash about a dozen times and have stood up well. Good quality, in my opinion. I will be buying more.", "The shoes come and look just as advertised. The shoes also come in a neat box that slides open and has a hat with the jordan symbol on it also. The delivery was prompt and the size came as ordered. Only problem as is with most shoes these shoes have no open laces so if your young one likes to curve his toes like mine when you put on a shoe it can be a little tidious but eventually go through. Overall...great great looking shoes!!!!. They also arrievd promptly.", "It's an incredibly nice looking shoe but the quality sucks and the material is cheap which is surprising because Nike usually make a good shoe. I'm thinking these were a knock off because after 2 weeks they began to fall apart. I've worn Nike shoes all my life and this has never happened. In fact, I've never had a pair of Nike shoes that didn't last 5 years. Not to mention the tag inside of the shoe says made in Indonesia when all of my other Nike shoes says made in China. They totally ripped me off and with all the fakes that are going around I'll be sure to do my research next time before ordering anymore Nike shoes online.", "Oh my gog these are dope ass shoes.  Much better than I expected. Love this blue and so do all the haters.", "There is a good feeling for the touch and is quite comfortable. I don;t like the Shox products for sports but since I am a teacher and spend 9+ hours a day upstand on lectures, they are until now the best fit.", "the nikes  that  I bought are cool and fit nice. And look sweet, this colors that came out in the past  years are the kool.", "Great high quality shoe. I get compliments all the time on them. Very comfortable an mid weight not to light but not to heavy. Fast shipping. Would pur check as again", "Shoes are awesome, The sizing was perfect, great color Blue ! Very Comfortable ! Just what I had expected, Thanks !", "lt is  good, though not five stars, but I am very satisfied, buyers want to continue their efforts . , ,", "I had purchased a pair like this a year ago in grey at a Nike outlet store and fell in love with them. Had no idea they were D'Wade shoes at the time. But, I liked the color, fit and comfort of the shoe. So a year later after mine getting beat up I wanted to replace them and had no idea they came in black. I absolutely love these gym shoes!!!", "I love this product, so did my son.  It is soft on the inside so that makes it even better for him.", "WE ARE IMPORTERS FROM BOGOTA, COLOMBIA, AND THESE SHOES WERE IMPORTED FOR ONE OF OUR CLIENTS THAT WAS COMPLETELY SATISFIED IN ALL ITS CHARACTERISTICS", "Joy and pain, like sunshine and rain.Joy:I love my new Nike Free 3.0 V4's They're awesome! They bring me joy. They feel like the Nike Free Version One 3.0's that i used to have a few years ago (UPC 0091204597847). If I remember correctly Nike's replacement for V1 3.0 was stiffer and more like a traditional running shoe. So after the Free 3.00 V1, I went through 2 pairs of Saucony Kinvara's and experimented with Vibram Five Fingers (avoid rocks with them). I actually went into get a new pair of Kinvara's but they had to order them so I tried out the Nike Free 3.0 V4's and loved them. They're a great combination of minimal design and enough cushion.Pain:It pains me to hear how here about how Nike treats sponsored athletes. The word on the street is that Nike provides no advance notice of contract termination and retroactively applies performance clauses. Essentially, Nike sometime as acts as a jerk when it transitions away from athletes.With $521 million net profit in Fiscal 2012 3rd Quarter alone, Nike has the room in their budget to afford to treat sponsored athletes fairly.Nike's CFO might say Nike has a business case can be made for their actions. He should keep in mind that I'm not made of money but I'd rather pay $125 instead of $100 for a pair of shoes if I knew this would ensure that sponsored athletes are being treated fairly. If I like 2 shoes equally I'll buy from the company that treats people better. Doing the right thing doesn't have to hurt the bottom line.Peace,long may you run,out. Cy", "Great pair of shoes!!! Exactly what I wanted and they feel comfortable for hours!", "THese are great But OF course they are they are air max! a great working out and running shoe. A perfect well put together shoe.", "These shoes came in exactly how they described. And on date, but I didn't know they would be as tight as they were. But still great shoes.", "I remember buying these when they first came out:  the lightest running shoe, by far, that Footlocker sold.  lol  Nike stopped making them for a while, and fortunately other shoe companies started closing the gap. When I decided to start running again to reverse my inner fat boy's efforts to come out, I saw these here on Amazon and became curious:  were they as light as I remembered?  How would they conform to my feet?  Would they wear out as fast as the originals?They ARE still very light.  They also still take just a little more effort to put on (I'd forgotten about that over the years).  I'm hoping they don't still wear out as fast, but I've only had them for a month or so.  I normally wear an 8.5, and so that's what I ordered.  Come to find out that I can't wear socks with these, but they're very comfortable without.  A little tight in the forward box, but not so much a problem after I loosened the laces, then re-tightened them.  Not crazy about the shade of green, but I wasn't looking to make a fashion statement:  I was taking a chance, so to speak, so I looked for the cheapest version available.Overall, I'm very happy with this purchase.  If I'd known the pros and cons beforehand, I'd still be happy making this purchase again.", "These shoes were as advertised.  I have worn Nike Free shoes since the 1990's and these are just as they should be.", "I bought it for my little broder, it fits perfectly, looks great, he plays basketball and those are perfect to use", "the greatest cycler that ever competed in the sport. The item came on time, a little tighter than what i thought but i love them , very good service from the vendor! thank you.", "Good packaging. Tight fit but such a good feel when jogging. Use it under normal short joggers.  High quality and light. Will by more of these as its livestrong but by Nike.", "This is my second order: most comfortable pair of compression I have owned. Design and quality is excellent. He may have fallen out of grace:  but the charity and message is solid.", "He get a lot of compliments about these shoes and they look exactly like the picture. The fit was just right as well.", "I ordered these for my boyfriend an experienced snowboarder and he loves them.  other than a few fraying threads the boots are perfect, brand new just like the description said.", "I wouldn't put this shoe into the elite athlete category but for someone like me who runs about 30 kilometers a week principally in the gym they do perfectly fine.  The comfort is great, stability in straight line running excellent and I would definitely buy another pair.", "This is my second pair of the ST2 style.  I run about 3 miles a day and love these shoes.  Its hard to find a good running shoe that doesn't give you blisters on your feet.  These shoes work great.", "I bought the Nike CTR360 Enganche III FG-R Junior soccer cleats about two years ago.  Ever since then I've been a much better soccer player!  In my last soccer cleats ( The Muitre brand ) I could not even kick the ball!  Let me explain.  The Nike cleats have-- Good grip at the bottom- Point at the toe- They are thin- Good laces that stay tightAnd so much more!Another good quality they have is that they last a long time.  I've already had mine for two years and they still look as good as new!  I know the price seems high. But even though they are expensive, they are worth it!  They last a long time!Overall I think the Nike CTR360 Enganche III FG-R Junior soccer cleats are the best cleats of all!", "This item was on my grandson's Christmas gift list and I had a difficult time locating the 3/4 length he uses for soccer goalie training.  This is exactly what he wanted and they fit perfectly.", "Great pants for gk. Don't have pockets. However, it is better to order them one size smaller, because the pants are really large for being 3/4.", "Glad I have them in my collection!!!! I get a lot of compliments.......Great buy happy I go them... Love em!!!", "Nice shoes :)", "I can wear the 9.5 or the 10. They are slightly narrow by the bunion area of the foot, but with everyday wear, they begin to loosen up and it is a perfect and comfortable fit.I have several  pair of this sneaker and it is going to be a really foot cuteness SUMMER!", "I freakin love them....!!!! My favorite forces by all means. Easy to keep up, can dress them up or down and good for multiple occasion. Also very comfortable!", "Love them so comfy and cute. I would highly recommend these sneakers I get so many complements! They are a little snug but feel great when walking.", "I'm size 6It fits on my feet.not heavy, sharp looking, comfortable.This is my best choice.I love it", "They fit just as expected and are surprisingly super comfy!!! Love the color, style, height. Though i do have to un-lace them one or two times to get them on and off, but other than that,they are fantastic!!!", "shipment arrived very fast!!!!!!! In great condtion exactly what I wanted.", "I like purchasing from Amazon not always what I expect but ok, easy to purchase and easy returns if needed", "Fits true to size and are comfortable while looking great. All in all great kicks from one of my favorite sneaker brands", "I can't wear these because of the wedge in the heal, I tip right over so I will need to return them.", "I love this shoes!", "Awesome style, fit and look on my feet.  Now I'm going to order the all white to profile for the summer.", "Love the color and style of the shoe. I wear an 8.5 and I have I wide foot so it fits a little snug. But fits perfect in length.  I'm not sure if a size up will help but these shoes are worth breaking in.", "Nice! A little tight across the top of my foot but that will give over time! This is a great buy for on the go Moms!", "Love these! I was on the fence w the whole wedge sneakers fad,  but I will buy another pair for summer in a diff color. Fast shipping, comfortable. Kinda look like air force ones... wedge is not overdone.", "The shoe is made well; however runs small. I would recommend a size up. The magenta color is really beautiful and I can't wait to wear them.", "I don't know why it took me this log to order a pair of these awesome shoes!! I love them. They do run about a half size too small. I read this in a previous review so I ordered a 6.5 instead of my normal 6. I love heels and these are perfect for me. I wear them with skinny jeans or boyfriend jeans every weekend. They are very well made! And I will be purchasing more colors immediately!!", "I'm so glad I read these reviews and ordered one size up.  I usually fit in 7 1/2 size but ordered an 8. These fit like a charm!  They are made very well and go with any outfit.  I'm looking to purchase black next.  I'm sorry and c these c wedges are perfect! !", "They fit great and are very comfortable! I usually have to go up a 1/2 size with any nike sneakers and these were no exception.", "Comfortable and stylish. Second pair I've bought this year. Gives you height w/o the discomfort of regular heels and I love that the wedge is hidden.. Most people thought they were hi-tops at first glance. The quality is good, only complaint is they started creasing at the toe after only 1 day of wearing them. All in all I'm very happy with my purchase.", "I love these shoes.  They fit well, they are cute, and they seem to go well with most of my wardrobe.  No complaints; I plan on buying another pair soon.", "These sneakers are very comfortable. My only concern are the creases that develop so quickly at the toe. This is normal for AF1's, but need improving. Other than that, these are top-notch. Get them.", "Great dress, but too short for me to wear as a dress. Would be perfect as a beach cover up.", "My son loves these shoes.  He is a twelve year old boy and he is just getting into an age where &#34;name&#34; means something to him.  He is very pleased with these and I am pleased with how they are wearing and with the price.  The shipping was great and they were exactly as described.  They are true to fit and color.", "I'm a size 11 actually but I bought this shoes 11.5 cuz they didn't have 11, I don't regret it, I can wear 11.5 but anyways this shoes are fantastic, very comfortable and pleasant to walk/run around with, I like the style and the colors are great, anyone for running shoes this is a great choice!", "The sizing is a little miss leading.  Go for a half size or 1 size smaller and they should fit perfectly.", "These baby Jordan booties are perfect for a newborn and are exactly what I was looking for.  These booties go with any outfit.", "I switched from basketball sneakers to these Nikes for going to the gym and general all-purpose workout shoes. Absolute win. Couldn't be happier.", "I like to wear this regularly. great for casual walking and excellent for running or playing tennis. def recommend itvery light and confy", "I like it . It's very comfortable and light shoe. I plain to buy another  one very soon.It's fit perfect to my feet.", "Fits as expected. Great shoe. Great service. Overall great purchaseVery satisfied with the outcome. A++ for the total transaction", "These are my first pair of Nike shoes and I LOVE them! So comfortable and great fit.", "He loves these Nike shoes! He raves about how comfortable they are and I guess there are popular too.. Very happy with this puurchase.", "These shoes are designed for people who love walking/running. They are just so comfortable. Good work Nike! Will definitely recommend them.", "I have had these shoes for almost 2 weeks and they still look brand new. They are a great shoe if you wear running shoes to most places every day and occasionally run on pavement. They had a different support then I was used to, but after a while it started to feel great. I would not reccomend this shoe to someone who frequently runs trails, but for someone like me they are perfect. They are cool-looking but not overimposing. The &#34;barefoot feel&#34; makes it feel like you're walking on air. I hope this was helpful! :):)", "My other pair of these shoes were worn completely out. I love these shoes! They are perfect for any type of training!", "My son walks everywhere on his university campus.  He goes through LOTS of shoes but these are his favorite.  They last a long time before wearing out and he says they are super comfortable.  We purchased this pair as a gift for him and I think he'll be getting another pair for his birthday!", "These shoes are amazing.. the fit was a little snug but the broke in rather nicely. They are so bright and you're definitely going to be noticed in them.", "My son loves them and they are super comfortable for a reasonable price.  Great by for us non 1 percenters.", "Best running shoes I have ever purchased. Nike did a great job on these. They fit snug but not too tight, came in brand new and looked great, and very light and versatile.", "I absolutely love these shoes. They fit great, feel great and look great! They are super light weight and very comfortable! They feel like slippers with laces! Highly recommend these to anyone looking for a nice pair of running/workout/hangout shoes!", "These shoes are not the most durable for running. I've had them for about a month, and they are already beginning to fall apart. I run about a mile everyday, and it should be able to hold up for longer than a month. Although, the shoes are very good looking, I would not buy these again.", "Love them! Got then quickly, great fit, color as described. Bought them for a family member and they are pleased", "Bought these for my 11 year old son to replace another version of Nike. Price was right (less than in the stores we visited first). We are both happy!", "The shoes were excellent and light weight. Perfwct for what i needed but the width was just a tad bit small", "These are really really comfortable to walk or run in which is why I ordered a pair for someone I know. There was a bit of a snafu with my order and such, but was quickly resolved thanks to the customer service over at Sole Place. Thanks guys for these awesome shoes and for all your help! Would recommend these shoes and buying from Sole Place as both of them are AWESOME! Very happy with this purchase!", "I love nike free's, comfortable barefoot feel. Wear these all the time, definitely one of the most comfortable pair of shoes i've owned.", "These  shoes are amazing ! I saved 40$CAD by buying them on amazon ;) The fitment is awesome and he color is what I was expecting. By far one of the greatest running/sport shoe made by Nike up to now !", "Nice shoe!  Extremely light!!!  I've worn other Nike shoes before and ordered a size twelve... maybe it'll stretch (I Hope) it fits a lil snug... kinda wished I ordered a 13.", "Loved my new running shoes. Perfect size, excellent conditions, if you like the colour (like I did) entirely recommended as its cheaper than other NIKE FREE 5.0+ shoes!", "Great shoe. The tongue is partially sewn in, so it stays in place. Not as snug as the nike free 3.0 which is like a sock fit. And these are way better than the nike free run 3. Great feel and very comfortable. Just order a half size up. The colors are hot and bright. The pics don't do them justice!", "My son usually wears an 8. We ordered these and he could barely fit his heel! But otherwise, AMAZING shoe! My son is in track and runs 4 miles a day. As long as you order the right size, these are a great buy. I suggest going to a nike outlet and trying different sizes on before ordering.", "This is a nice soft shoe. My husband says it is the best running shoe he has ever used. He is an avid runner.", "These shoes are about the perfect combo of light weight, comfort, some cushioning and still retaining somewhat of a barefoot feel. I have the 3.0, 4.0, and the think the little bit of extra cushioning in the 5.0's just makes them ideal. They are so comfortable I wear them every day and bought a second pair to keep when my first one's wear out. They do run about a half size small.", "I've never had a pair of running shoes that feel almost as if I'm not wearing any.  They fit so perfectly, and are unbelievably comfortable to workout in.  Nike FTW!", "I got these recently.  They're very comfortable and super light weight but are very tight fit with socks on.  At first i almost thought these were meant to use barefoot.  Other then the super tight fit, these shoes are excellent.", "I love these shoes. Perfect cushion and perfect fit. I wear 7.5 converse and 9 nikes so when buying these consider a size up. The colors are very vivid. Flexibility is great as commercialized. Just don't do dumb stuff like me playing indoor with these and such b/c those activities mess up your bottom of the shoe.", "not much to say but i love these shoes and the color i wanted and sooo comfortable  thank you so much", "This was a gift. My son loved them. They fit exactly as advertised and are very comfortable to run in.", "I love these shoes! It's simple and to the point. Fit like a glove, have awesome support while feeling like shoes. I love it.", "Great and i wish i could get another par like them! really enjoying them a lot. I'm loving it! YES", "i listened to most reviews on here and got a half size bigger, and it fit perfectly, i wear these everyday now, first pair of shoes ive gotten that have been beyond comfortable, nice switch from $40 vans, definitely order a half size bigger.i would definitely recommend this to a friend.", "I bought another nike with same size (10) it does fit will I dont know why this one do not", "Great shoes, they are really comfortable and so light. Be carefull chosing the sizes, I got another Nike's running shoes and they're 10.5 and they fit me great; but when i ordered this Nike Free 5.0+ in 10.5, they were smaller than I expected, I'm able to use them, but my feet are so tight inside the shoes.", "This was a gift for my son's birthday. He stated he would buy another pair, very comfortable to work out in.", "Shoe fits very well and is very comfortable.  It fit a little tight at first, but broke in very nicely.  The support is nice.  Not sure how much the flywire actually contributes to the whole thing, but it looks cool I guess.  Shoe is easy to slip on and off, but never feels like it will fly off your foot.", "I love it! I could use it for daily use, for gym or anything! They're very comfortable, also high quality item.", "This shoes are comfortable and light. I took the advice of buying a 1/2 number bigger size from my usual shoe size and it worked perfectly... I recommend the same.", "I purchased the COOL GREY/ANTHRACITE/WHITE ones.I've only stuck with the Free Runs for a while now and I could never switch. These shoes are comfortable, light, and fit great.", "The shoes are an amazing fit and great for running. I definitely recommend others who enjoy the comfort of running to order from this seller.", "These sneakers are amazing, it's like walking on a cloud. I would definitely recommend these sneakers to some one :)", "Two thumbs up! They are absolutely comfortable and they are so stylish and I feel great while wearing them around", "Best gym shoes EVER!!! They look sharp and great comfort for anything outside as well. I only gave 4 stars is because the price for different colors is different which I do not understand. I would've bought a different color pair but that color is $200 instead of $100. Not really sure how that works but whatever, because the shoes fit amazing.", "Great running shoe. The previous reviews are correct on the sizes. The shoes run small so I ordered a .5 size larger and they are perfect.", "My son is enjoying his shoes.  I searched several other venues but realized l saved the most money here.  Thank you!", "As an avid runner Nike Free is the first and only shoe that has met and exceeded all my expectations. I tend to roll my ankles so I need a shoe with a low enough profile to keep from injuring myself. Very comfortable, true to size. Love them!", "Love the Free Runs by Nike and these  pics don't do these shoes justice. They are light, comfortable and look good!", "My first pair of dedicated running shoes and boy was it worth it.  A great investment that your feet and shins will thank you for in the long run.  Fit exactly like i thought it would not too small or big.", "While these shoes aren't quite as relaxed a fit as the free run 3.0s, the snug fit makes them feel more secure and as a result they feel much better to run or work out in. Perfect shoes for a barefoot feel without sacrificing your feet.", "but otherwise a nice pair of shoes highly recommend it for the colors and design overall not bad i'd say.", "These feel exactly like i hoped they would. Perfect. I wear an 11 so thats what i ordered and they fit exactly as they should.", "Hands down, the best shoes and most comfortable shoes I've ever worn. These shoes are very light, very soft/comfortable, and also has great foot support for those of us that have flat feet. I'm not much of a runner, but when I tried my first times of running in these shoes, it felt as if I was running on pillows for miles. Love these shoes and will start buying more pairs. I want to try using them when I play basketball, but I don't want to get my shoes dirty (although, it's very tempting to try it).I definitely recommend these shoes for everyday use or running.", "Shoe fits great length wise. Shoe is a more snug around the middle of the foot than previous versions of the 5.0", "The shoes look great, feel good and it was really easy to order. This was a Great experience with amazon and I love my new shoes.", "When I first saw the shoes I was concerned how I was going to fit my foot into that small hole...it did take a bit of work to get the shoes on, but once on they were incredibly comfortable and now a week later after stretching and molding to my feet with everyday use, they are perfect.", "These shoes are super comfortable and the Volt color is awesome!  I usually run about 5 miles a day and these shoes are lightweight and very breathable.  I would recommend these shoes to anyone looking for a great running shoe or even just a good looking shoe to wear casually.", "PRO: They are light weight shoes but provide more protection than the minimalist shoes some people rave about.CON: The soles tend to pick up debris if your walking on dirt trails.", "They feel great.  It took longer than expected to feel comfortable. I ordered a full size big and they were tight in tes of width.", "My son loved these shoes - very comfortable and light.  They run a bit small so we needed to order 1/2 size up.", "Great shoe.", "The colors are stunning. The shoe is light and breathes very well. People comment all the time on how much they like it. You will want to have this shoe!", "I would have given this shoe 5 stars I'll explain why. When I received them they looks good and felt good the only thing I found wrong was that the shoe made a sticking noise when walking on tile I didn't notice because i treys them on carpet.so I contacted the company to get a replacement but they said I couldn't because I had worn them. I did not like that. Also the shoe sizes for the shoes are about 2 sizes bigger for your foot to actually fit. For example I'm a size 8 on shoes but i had to get a size 10 so my foot could fit in, I'd advise to try a shoe at a store and then order online to be 100% sure", "Most comfortable sneakers I've wore. Great for running and volleyball. I'll keep on getting these until I find better shoes.", "Bought these for my bf in black for christmas. He loves them and will not wear anything else. They are very light weight and comfortable", "I really like the shoe. They are comfortable and I am enjoying running in them. I recommend them to anyone looking for light weight running shoes.", "I bought these shoes for my son.  He says the fit like gloves.  He loves them so much.  He says he can move with ease.  The color is bright and lively and he recommends them to all his friends.", "Bought this as a gift for my nephew. I felt the quality was a little flimsy for Nike and for the price. However this is what my nephew wanted and he loved them. They fit him well.", "First off I'm a bigger guy at 6' and 190 ish pounds so I punish running shoes and I am punishing myself as I run. Now that we have that out of the way these shoes are a pleasure to run in. If you have never had this type of shoe I recommend walking around in them for a couple of days and then easing into the running. Your calves will probably hurt for the first couple of times running.The quality of the stitching is great, style is simple and unobtrusive, the build is solid (it does not seem it as these shoes are LIGHT!!), and the best part of all is that all of my aches and pains that used to occur the day after running are gone (minus the muscles, they still hurt). The proof is in the performance. I recently did a challenge of 40 miles in two weeks on Strava. I completed the challenge plus some and I feel fine. With previous Nike running shoes (I am not a running guru so forgive me) my knees would be killing me and shin splints would be present.Don't play sports in these shoes!! They are awesome for running but the support for anything else is nil. I run offroad in these and do alright but I notice the instability a little and slow down. These are made for paved trails mostly in my opinion.Overall I would buy these again and again. Great shoes and I hope you enjoy them as I have.", "I have been wearing these shoes for a couple of months now. I ordered the size I normally get, even though i have read other posts that you should get them one full size larger. The were very tight for about a week until they broke in. These shoes are light as a feather and turning out to be one of the most comfortable shoes i have ever owned. They fit my feet like socks. However , i would recommend getting a full size larger, i had to loosen the shoe strings up as far as they would go. Just to get them on.  Also these shoes don't have a normal tongue. It is integrated with the main casing. So loosening the strings will on do so much. Great shoe, i am happy with them.", "I send it to my hotel in US so it can get to my country, i haven't tryed it yet, but I saw it and it's exactly what I order.", "If you're looking for protection/stability, this shoe isn't for you.  If you're looking for a great shoe to wear around the house/workplace-this is it.  Feels like wearing a sock.  Nike is stepping-up...", "To small and not worth the price tag. Just get a good pair of Asic's that you can use for both the outdoors and the gym and you should be set. All these light shoes are not durable and after a year or so they're not so comfortable.", "Perfect running shoe! I like it! I run 10 miles yesterday and it feels like wearing air on my feet...", "I use these shoes for work because i am constantly walking and i would be in so much pain if it wasnt for them. Great shoes.", "These running shoes are great! the fit is perfect and are super light weight. the only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is because they are wearing out very fast, I use them every day and in a matter of months they were already worn and torn from the front. Will definitely buy same ones when these wear out completely.", "These were my third pair of Nike Free and they do not disappoint!  Sometimes you forget that you have them on because they are so light.", "Great shoes, so light, fit perfectly, comfortable, for sports or everyday use, I love these shoes! I do recommend them", "The new Nike Free 5.0+ are perfect for both long (10+) and short (3-) runs. They are super light, yet the cushioning is solid enough to provide a soft compression. My only gripe is that they seem to fit differently than other Nike Free models. These seem to run 1 size large (i.e. If you normally wear a 10, you need an 11 in these). Definitely one of the best shoes for the money in this category of running shoe. Beware that you can get cheaper on other retail sites (Nordstrom, Zappos, etc.).", "They say they like them a lot.  The person had huge feet, so I bought a size 14.  I think they are happy", "Perfect.  Nothing more to say... I wish alll shopping was this easy. WouLf be nice to have  more selection of color combinations.", "They fits perfectly and they are so light  and extremly comfortable. Its worth all this money . Also have a decebt grip on grass.", "Great!! Love the shoes! Got them as a gift for my boyfriend and he wears them everyday! Fast shipping!! Thank you!!", "Love the color and fit. Very light weight and comfortable. I want this style in every color !", "Extremely comfortable and flexible sole. Light as a feather. Still has support for the arch of the foot though. All good IMHO.", "My son was very happy with this snickers. I am thinking in buying a pair of the same sinkers for me and another for my husband.", "I needed a lighter running shoe than the asics that i had.I am really glad i made the switch to these nikes, I move a lot lighter on my feet.If you can get these on sale i would highly recommend.", "These shoes just keep getting better. I use them primarily for the gym that I go to near my office. The fact that these shoes compress so nicely in my bag that they are perfect for fitting into my daily commute. Very comfortable and long lasting. These also fit true to size.", "These shoes are amazingly light on your feet. I have begun running, and &#34;oh my&#34; these shoes rock. I can run miles with these on! I'm going to buy more in different colors!", "This is one of the best shoes I've owned.  Very comfortable and light.  I use them for work where I do a lot of walking around and these shoes have held up perfectly.  I would definitely buy another pair.", "Bought these as a gift for my son and he loves them.  They were a great price and fast shipment.", "I use this shoe for my daily workout. It's light and feels good. Great product!!", "Exactly what I wanted and the fit is great.  Love the color although it was brighter than I expected from the picture.", "This item is so awesome!! I would recommend this item to anybody who wants to run, and I would want to remind that it is better to order 0.5 size larger.", "Very good thank you.", "I wear a 10 in women's, which is about an 8 1/2 in men's.  I ordered a 9, just in case.  The 9 was small and squished my toes -not long enough.  The 9 1/2 fit great.  Awesome lightweight shoes.  Great for running and crossfit.", "Great shoe, fits a little snug so that it doesn't slip off of the heel. Very good looking. Good support for arches", "These are the single best running shoes I have ever owned, I will never buy anything except the Nike Free's.  My last pair lasted 3 years, hundreds and hundreds of miles, multiple races, training, and general use. Not only are these fantastic shoes for running, but they are unbeatable for being on your feet, and they just look great with a good pair of jeans.", "I Just Love Them They Not Only Look Cute But Are Very Comfortable Definitely Going To Shop For Some More!", "Let me start by saying I'm not a runner, so I use these for the gym & the all-around-beat-arounds. When I first got them I thought Ooo, they're a little bright & maybe too flashy for me...eh. Once I got over that, I have pretty high arches, so once I put them on fitiment & comfort I would say are excellent. Sole design as well as great. I'd imagine they're a great running shoe, but to me running is only good for if you're getting chased...I'm an inline speed skater - easier on the knees & covers more ground.I heeded warnings of others which was on the money. I normally wear an 11 so I bought an 11.5 - perfect fit. They fit btw for my feet, like a glove. Very happy with my purchase", "Great great great great shoes..comfortable as I expected..I need more shoes like that..I wear these everywhere..Buy them if you don't have them", "Years ago, I bought a Nike Free and loved them.  But recent updates to the Free were way too narrow.  Not any more.  This years model is just enough for my wide feet (2E).  It is a smidge snug, but I think it will be fine after a week.  My pinkie also seems to have more wiggle room over the older generation.The other important point is that they run small.  I normally wear an 8 1/2, but needed to go one full size larger to a 9 1/2.Looks great also!", "nice shoe excelent quality but i suggest 1/2 size more than the normal, i recommended the product for running there are so confortable", "I haven't bought Nikes in quite some time, but I'm glad I did this time! I've had these for about a month and have no regrets. As most posters have mentioned, they run about a half-size small, so make sure you go try them on somewhere first. The fit is snug, but that's what I expected. They are so light you really do feel like you're running on air. These shoes are for mid-foot strikers. If you're not a mid-foot striker, I suggest purchasing the book &#34;Chi Running,&#34; by Danny Dreyer.", "One of the best shoes from Nike for running, working out, cross fit or just wearing to work. You won't be missed in these..they are bright. Great conversation starter.", "this shoes fit perfectly.  I had to order a size larger than what I normally wear.  Other than that they are good.", "My weight goes between 235 lbs and 250 lbs.  and the shoes are great for walking around my local high school track I`m 6 ft. 2 in. so they take a 60 min beating 5 days a week.............I own 2 pair and highly recommend them. Thanks Amazon for your excellent service on all my many,many orders you have filled.", "These are the most comfy shoes ever. Fit to size and hug your feet. Fits as expected. Order ONE SIZE bigger always!", "Like to wear these for walking around/work.  They run a tad small but still fit fine.  Very comfortable too.  Get em!", "Favorite running shoe style", "Seriously the best shoe I have ever bought! I would buy 15 more pairs if I could! #the bomb .com", "very light, flexible, strong and great design .......just be aware of sizing, you should get a bigger size than usual.", "Nice looking shoe light weight and greatFor working out good pick nice color ifYou like neon green or bright", "My husband's newest favs.  These are so lightweight and comfortable.  Great for standing and walking.  Very cool in HOT Georgia summers too.", "These shoes were a gift for my son and he loves them. They are perfect  he was extremely happy when the arrived and he put them on. They look great!!!", "This shoe fits me the best and I'm loving it for running daily. Love the color too. Its definitely worth buying.", "My husband and an older pair that he has worn into the ground so he was way overdue for a new pair. He loves these ones just as much. Very happy with purchase. He loves these nice looking, good quality, and lightweight Nike's for everyday wear.", "The good - Almost weightless (I am used to wearing cross trainers though).The not so good - These are the tightest 8.5s I have ever worn. I CANNOT fit them comfortably with any type of sock on. These shoes are comfortable enough to wear without socks. I have worn them for up to one hour and they did not rub or cause any friction burns.If you only read one thing - I will consider ordering .5 size up when I start running in earnest (and need two pair - one to wear and one to dry out) after the first of the year.SAB", "They fit great and weigh next to nothing. The tongue being attached to the sides is a nice touch as it won't move on you. The cushioning while running is great.", "Great running shoes, it feels like you are flying...Fits to size! Works great with the cheap Nike+ andIts application.", "I previously used the Free Run 3.  It was time to upgrade, so to speak.  I saw these had good reviews and jumped on them.First time seeing them, my reaction was..wow bright.  It works out.  Can't be missed and it catches the eye.Fit:  They're a little tight.  It took about a week for them to &#34;open up&#34;.  That's why they got 4/5 stars.  That's more of a warning to other buyers/runners.  Otherwise, they're a perfect 5.  They support my feet perfectly and they're light.  Gives that running barefoot feel.My suggestion, try them in person before purchasing.  Each foot is different.  If you like the foot, then buy on Amazon.  Can't beat free shipping or 3.99 for overnight (Prime members that is).", "Exactly what my son wanted! They fit great! Came quickly! And the color is amazing! Will definitely be ordering again!", "Great shoe.... Fits well and gives you great support and balance..... Really lets you 'feel' the ground while comfortable at the same time.", "My son loves these sneakers.  He runs track and they are light weight and super flexible.  That's important because he runs on different terrain.  Just what he needs for his personal summer training.", "Just as expectef!! Great fit- Great comfort! Just like I expect the Nike to live uo to.its name !!!!!! !!", "The shipping was alittle slow but overall it was worth it. The shoes are awesome and fit perfectly. The product looks exactly like the picture.", "I recently experienced some knee issues and had to work with a coach to change my gate. After a lifetime of leaning forward and kicking my legs out, transition to a more upright &#34;shuffling gate&#34; has been challenging but very effective in terms of anatomical comfort. It has also allowed me to rely less on heel striking....and thus opened up some new shoe possibilities. I have always liked Nike's fit but have been hesitant to go with a &#34;barefoot&#34; style shoe in the past. I gave these a try and they have been GREAT. Very light weight, but cushioned enough that I feel like I don't need any other shoes. (I am a 10K-ish guy.) I have put about 100 miles on them so far, and they seem to be holding up very well, as they should. When it gets below freezing, I usually leave these at home. Not much fabric, so toes get cold. I ordered my normal size. They are snug, but comfortable. Overall a great shoe.", "So comfy. Super light. Feels like I'm walking on air.  Simply amazing!  My favorite shoe EVER!  Highly recommended to anyone looking for a comfortable pair of shoes.", "Bought these shoes for my 17yo son. They shipped out quickly and arrived a day ahead of expected arrival. The shoes are brand new. They look great, just like the picture. They also fit as expected. My son loves them, says they are very comfortable.", "Great price, great shoe just as the picture displayed. Only other feedback I think is important for the future buyers of this item is this style of nike shoe does run a bit smaller/ it is worth ordering at least a half size larger to avoid fitting too tightly. Great shoe I love it!", "I have loved athletic shoes for the past 40 years and am very active.  I enjoy pampering my feet and am always on the lookout for the best shoes for my feet.  I was a slow convert to Nike Frees even though I've been a Nike fan since they started in the 70's.  After my boys raved about the Nike Frees I finally got my first Free +3s last year and they were amazing, what a level of comfort.Well I just got my 5.0s and I love that they went with the huarache (tongue-less) upper; better comfort.  The sole remains oh so comfortable.Most definitely, get a half size larger than normal and you'll be happy.", "Free run is probably one of the best AFFORDABLE running shoes. I am sure there are shoes that are probably better but most of them are $100 +. If you are not a competitive athlete, there is not need to look any further. Most likely, free run will be enough to fulfill your needs.", "My husband love he's sneakers. He said it was really good for running and it was really comfortable .. So he was happy with them", "I wear a size 14 and was kind of skeptical on getting these. They fit comfortably, have the legit Nike outerwear, and the insoles are of a lime green color. Feels great to wear. Nothing like Reeboks at all.", "I've always liked Free Runs and for $70 and $5 shipping I couldn't pass up this deal. In stores and online I would have paid over a $100. Besides price, they are EXTREMELY comfortable. My job requires standing up for hours and with these I have no problems with standing and they are also great for my run and exercising.", "I love these shoes.  I have three pair of these nike free run breathe shoes now!  Reason being:  Because they are extremely comfortable, great for working out in, and the colors are very bright and vibrant!  Definitely an attention getter and I get lots of compliments when I wear them!", "Nice fit, for running 10k or walking long distances. Laces area soft( which is good ) and reflective colour makes them good for running in the dark", "These are fantastic shoes! I would highly recommend them to anyone who is either A. Interested in running faster B. Winning every race ever, or C. outrun a kenyan.", "This is a very stylish , light shoe, however,  if you have a high instep, you will have trouble putting the shoe on.", "I found the shoes very light weight and comfortable. Great design and a good spot for the sensor.  Product arrived ahead of schedule and seller did a great job with packing.  Keep up the good work!!!", "It's very light!", "My only regret is that I didn't purchase these shoes at the beginning of the year, though I don't know when this particular model was introduced.  These shoes are the real thing.  They are light, feel great on the feet, and are the perfect shoe for working out in the gym.  I use them mainly for biking and I didn't realize how ill-suited my tennis shoes were for this until I put these on.  One cautionary note:  I tried a pair on at a local sports shoe shop and found that I needed a half size larger than I normally would get.  Thus, be sure you try them on before ordering online.", "exactly what I needed, exactly what I expected. better than this, impossible.just need to prove its durability and whether its characteristics change over time; for now it's perfect", "I am a fan of the Nike Vomero line of running issues, they fit me really well and provide a good cushion when running.  I have found that when it comes to running issues, it's a very personal experience, for me these are a great running show.  Good quality too.", "These are a little stiffer than I wanted, but they are a great looking shoe and comfortable to run in.", "These shoes match my running shorts perfectly.  People are so impressed by the color coordination that they forget to notice the starter gun, giving me a 3 stride head start.They are a nice fit.  They are stable as I fly through the air, just occasionally stroking the ground with my feet to continue speeding along like Mercury himself.", "These were perfect! I bought them for my 13 year old who is flat footed and has to stick to asics.  He wanted to venture out and these fit perfectly!", "I've had every version of this shoe and the Vomero 8 has been the best shoe yet.  I've gotten the most mileage out of them, they are very comfortable for long runs.  This is the third paid of the Vomero 8's I have purchased this year.  Great shoe!", "I absolutely love this shoe. The fit is very comfortable. It's lightweight enough for me. The style is awesome, I get second looks all the time. I don't run anymore, (bad knees) but they feel very supportive on walks and my feet feel great.", "The shoes are a bit stiff but over all very comfortable. My son wears them more than I do. Lol", "Perfect fit!, very comfortable running shoe and I really like the colors. I looked every where for this color, I got lucky and not only found the color I wanted, but a better price....", "I have a vomero 7 that fits great, but the vomero 8 is somewhat small! It could be more larger!", "I was looking for some running shoes, I had a pair of Nike Shox and the difference is big. My pair of Vomero8 are very lightweight and comfortable. If your looking for a good pair of outdoors/indoors running shoes, you should definitely try this ones", "Used these shoes for a month with no complaints.  I bought these because my other Nike running shoes needed to be put out to pasture and they fit my feet perfectly.", "This is the best running shoe I've found and one I can not find it.  Nike please rethink this.  The soles hold up extremely well . They are comfortable from the beginning and offer very good support.", "Very comfortable and good looking shoes - too nice to go running in i keep them for going out and casual look", "These shoes fit pefectly. I usually wear an 11.5, and ordered an 11.5, and like almost all the Nike's I buy, they fit perfectly.The shows look great, and I have had several people comment.", "Very comfortable sboe. Doesn't fit like some runners but I really like support and comfort. Great quality and price. Would buy Gain", "Nike is really making a killing with all of their kicks utilizing Lunarlon foam on their outsole. Heck, even the stiffer Cole Haans have adapted the Lunar technology on some of their oxfords and wing tips. This feels great on your feet, very light, the outsole and the insole make this a very good investment especially for someone who is on their feet a lot. This colorway is a favorite of mine too so this is a win-win purchase.", "Nice shoes that fit as advertised.  I'm a big fan of the Lunar Forever forever!  I have 3 pairs now and enjoy all of them.", "i like this. nice.", "I love the Air Max sneakers.  I love the color and style.", "Could not be happier with the product, the shippment, and the fit.  The best thing about it is I didnt have to go tot he store!  click and wear!", "Much better than expected...comfortable and still very durable...protects on trails and still has good cushioning.  Will likely buy another pair.", "These are classic Nike running shoes that vary slightly year to year, but basically the same shoe.  I love them and they're very comfortable.", "i like the bright color scheme and its a very comfy running/walking/biking shoe.  the mesh seems pretty sturdy.  pretty good.", "They fit perfectly,  and the comfort on my feet, amazing !Thus, I bought another pair. The price was reasonable.", "This front tip start worn out almost after wearing them for a few days. Since Nike use paint to make the darker pattern at the front and side, once it worn, it shows the underneath original color which is a lot lighter. The worn marks are super obvious. Within a few weeks of wear, the sole already gone 50% ( i wear them for playing tennis sometimes but it still shouldn't worn out so quick). All and all the shoe looks good and comfortable but it is too cheaply made and worn out way way too quickly.", "I've worn different iterations of the Lunaracer for years.  They're about as light as a running shoe can get and still be something on your feet.  Not the most cushioned shoes in the world, but still pretty comfortable, especially for shorter distances.", "So far this is the best and lightest running shoe I have ever used. I only use it during races and it has outshined the others. Speedlaces may be an option but I decided to try this without and they still slip on fast during Triathlons and give good support. You can customize the fit to your foot because of the unusual design. Nice! Hopefully they last.", "I use these for training and usually run about 20-30 miles a week. These are light, springy, and comfy. The best shoe ive owned!", "I like a light shoe with alot of cushioning.  These shoes are perfect!  I have worn them on training runs, alternating with a pair of Asics.  I prefer these to the Asics.  I recently wore them to a 12k run and a half marathon.  They were great!  I'm going to order at least one more pair as backup.  I would definitely recommend them to anyone who likes a light shoe.", "These shoes are great.  I love the comfort from the air max pockets.  The shoe itself breathes nicely.  It is a great fit and hoding up nicely.", "I used to be a loyal Asics runner.  Then a friend lent me her Nike Lunarglides and it was love at first step.  This is my second pair and they are the perfect running shoe.  Just ran a half marathon and my feet have never felt better!  They fit true to size and have held up well even after logging a bunch of miles in all weather conditions.  Highly recommended!", "I looked around for shoes for months.  Finally found this pair and I love them!  great for running and working out", "Nice sneakers", "Nike free is a lightweight shoe that has made it's appearance in recent years and feels like you are wearing a sole, arch support and not much else.  They are now coming in many colors and not easy to find in stores so I've turned on line to find the the best choice.  Happy hunting.", "This a good investment for this shoe, but I've had them for maybe 6 months and the color has started to fade and at the front of the shoe there are creases that stay there even wean you wear them but other than that I think they are a great running shoe  I wear them almost every day except for in the winter love the colors to.", "Love the 5.0 Nike! My favorite pair of Nike shoes! They are a great fit, comfortable and very supportive! I think I will stick with the 5.0 for as long as I can.", "The feeling of the the toe box is great!I love the color and the overall fit!Super duper and great!", "Nice big toe box and great for walking as well as running.  Nice to have a pair of LIGHT shoes that don't drag you down.", "I love these shoes! Exactly what i have bean looking for! Great for running and going to my favorite Gator football games!", "Both my daughters purchased a pair for soccer conditioning training and they absolutely adore these shoes. They say they are very light, comfortable and fit well.  We recommend them highly.  PS They also come in bright, fun colors!", "In stores the shoes are $100. Not sure why so high on Amazon. The shoes are perfect for those with a very high arch. Finally Nike has put out a shoe with some arch support!!! This is very comfortable and even more than Brooks. I will buy, but I will buy at a much better price than this. Giving 5 because the item is great, not so much on Amazons price.", "I love these Nike shoes. I use them on the track and they give great support for the arch of the feet. They are very lightweight. However I wish the color could be a little more vibrant, but that's just my personal taste. Great shoes!", "Bought these for my daughter at the start of school, she loves them. Everyone of her friends has been asking her where she got them! They fit great and we have already had to wash them, they did perfict!", "I just got these and they are perfect! First time running in free runs and I'm never going back to any other shoe again! True to the color and size. I love this teal color", "I liked this color and style so much when I purchased the shoes last year that I bought a second pair! Nike shoes are the running shoes that fit me the best.", "I love these shoes!  I have flat feet, and am always looking for comfy shoes that have a good arch support system since I stand on my feet for most of the day.  These shoes are super breathable too.  I love them and wear them almost everyday.  The colors are awesome and bright too.", "My wife Just love It, are so comfortable, pretty colors, perfect for running and GYM training. She Was looking for a kind of shoes with these colors.", "These shoes are so comfortable.  I have never worn Nike before and they have enough support to keep my feet comfortable all day.  I love the colors.  Great shipping also - arrived right on schedule!", "I bought these for light running and Body Pump classes mainly.  The toe box has a small area in the front which is thicker material which does a fair job at keeping my foot from extending too far forward during lunges etc.  Nice shoe overall.  I wear a 7.5, but normally in Nike an 8.  With this shoe I was able to stick with 7.5.  Cool colors.", "Very light weight and comfortable.  I usually purchase a 7 and these fit as expected. The colors are vibrant and fun too!", "Nike Flex 2013 is a great shoe, i love it for running. Its a prefect fit, and it moves great with my foot.", "I wear them often, they are my favorite shoes. Very comfortable and super light weight! Great looking shoes, I highly recommend them!", "its so light and comfortable!!good for working out and jogging!and design and color are awesome!!i really recommend it!Thanks!", "I first tried these shoes on at Dsw and loved how they fit my feet so I went shopping online for a better price and found them here slightly cheaper.  I normally wear an 8.5 or 9 in athletic shoes but surprisingly I felt fine in the 8.  I have wide feet but the shoe fabric hugs my feet just right, it is stretchy and flexible.  I wear them all the time from exercising to running errands so I definitely love em and would buy again.", "The running shoes was indeed a good gift for my daughter who loves to go running and trekking the New York parks and places of interest with her new husband. Great product, as always!", "My girl friend bought these for Christmas. She really likes it. Light weight, looks good on her feet. She usually does not run, but she started running now and she says that these shoes are great for running as well as walking. We cannot predict the durability of these shoes at the moment as the sole of the shoe is made from a very light material and only time will tell that.", "My wife loves these shoes.  Very comfortable and very light.  Looks awesome and feels great.Highly recommend it! For the price, very worth it!", "I love Nike I just wish they offer more wide width option in there shows. It can be a try tight fit for those with wider feet.", "These sneakers are extremely comfortable and so cute.  I keep buying more (not because they wear out, but because I love the colors).  I am totally addicted to them for working out, for just wearing every day and for long walking days when in Disney.  This is my 4th pair and considering buying a 5th pair.", "Not only did I love the colors, but my goodness do these things feel like a blessing to the feet! I work out in these and they cushion very well and are not overly tight like the Nike Shox feel. The flexibility helps take off the pressure on my ankles. GREAT shoe.", "I am not a sneaker person. But I must say is the best sneaker I ever bought. Very light and comfortable.  I can go for miles without skipping a beat. I think I am going to buy two more pairs just in case they decided to discontinue this brand. Because every time I fall in love with a product it's sold out or no longer making it.", "Well made.  So light on my feet it feels like I'm not wearing any shoes.  Just right for everyday.  Love the color.", "This was a gift for my daughter and I've received no complaints. Based on that information, I am inclined to believe that the shoe is a great shoe. Thanks!", "I knew that Nike runs a bit small, so I ordered them a half a size bigger than what I normally wear and they are perfect! These shoes are super comfortable.", "These shoes are beautiful, light, flexible, the feet breath, very confortable, I receive a lot of compliments with the, true to size.", "These fit great and are so light!  The soles are very flexible and I didn't even need to break them in before I started wearing them to the gym.", "i absolutely love these shoes so lightweight and colorful and they dont fit tight around your toes so theres room to breath! love it", "These shoes are the most comfortable shoes  I have ever worn!! :) they are very light, stylish and soft. I recommend to everyone lookkng for a workout shoe.", "These are some of the most comfortable running shoes I have ever owned. Light weight, good ventilation, and performed beautifully on a seven mile run right out of the box-no hot spots or blisters! I like these so much I have since ordered three more.", "Great shoes! Fit is just what I expected from a Nike shoe.  Colors true to ad.  Super light and good cushioning.", "These were a gift for my wife and she loves them. She says they fit great, feel great, and look great.", "These are the most comfortable running shoes I've ever purchased. I do not run but I have bilateral neuropathy in my feet. These shoes have allowed me to walk longer than I have in a while without pain.When I first put them on they felt tight & very snug but since the top & bottom portion of the shoe is &#34;flexible&#34; I decided to give them a few days & they became a perfect fit to my feet.", "Runs true to size. Nice wide toe box which I need and like. I'm not a runner, but they're great for walking and for the gym.", "These shoes are great!! Highly recommend. Very light weight and good for running gym or everyday wear. Nike stay true to word!! They run small I always get a half size up or even a full size up in nikes. These running shoes fit wide feet too. I have wide feet and the material is very flexible. I will continue to buy nikes and just remember to find ur size in this brand Cuz they do run small.. I'm very happy with these", "Fit very well, seem to be supportive and I get alot of compliments on them. This is my second pair of these in a different color.", "I love everything about these shoes!!!! Especially the color!!!! They feel great!!!! Breathable material great color!!! I've them!!!! ;) !", "Love the shoe, fit great and very comfortable.  The color is awesome and very bright just what I was looking for.  They are very light weight and barely feel like I'm wearing a shoe at all!", "I bought this shoe for my wife and his opinion was, excellent shoe, loved it, stay at home. I recommend the product and seller. Thanks for selling products of excellent quality", "I gave this 4 stars probably only because I chose this light color and they will quickly get dirtier than I would like. They are so light on my feet and yet give me the support an cushion I was hoping for.  I would buy them again - in a darker color :-)", "I highly recommend this running shoe if you are looking for lightweight, comfort and pain free this shoe is it. Take it from me I have had four foot surgeries in the past ten years either from bunions, hammer toe or calluses and my feet are always hurting and when I wore this running shoe for the first time it was heaven my feet did not hurt they are very comfortable. I normally wear a size 8 but I always get a size bigger and it fit just right. I have 5 pairs of running shoes and so far this running shoes is my favorite.", "Glad I got these! Fit is light and flexible and the shoe is functional yet trendy. Highly recommend for those with narrow feet!", "I would love this shoe if it wasn't so big! It feels more like a size 8 than a 7.5. Every other Nike I have bought I always got as a 7.5, even a version of this one but they never felt so large.", "First pair of nike's! Love just simply walking in these! So comfortable! Fits true to size for me! Great Purchase!", "Awesome pair of shoes, fit just as I expected and would recommend to anyone looking for a comfortable pair of sneakers", "Love these shoes. They look awesome and they feel great on your feet! They are very light weight.  It almost feels as if you have nothing on your feet.", "Read all the reviews and ordered my regular size.  Fit is perfect.  This is one of the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn.  Highly recommend it.", "I love the colors, the fit, and the weight of these shoes.", "They are very comfortable. I have not went running in them yet. But I love the way they feel. I would definitely buy again", "Light, comfortable and cute to boot. I mainly use these for walking and they feel great. I enjoy the light support because my feet are wide and have had side foot pain on the past.", "First off I got these in two days which was awesome! They fit perfectly...not too snug or too lose. The colors are vibrant and super cute and match my Nike workout clothes exactly.Buy these sneakers...you won't regret it!", "Great arch support, super comfortable. Lite weight. Good ventilation to toes too. Colors are too loud for my taste. But there are a few  pair with toned down colors.", "These shoes are light weight and very comfortable. The color on them is brighter in person but its really pretty.", "I love my running shoes.So comfy and stylish!!I hope to some day order more in the same style but different color.", "I have 3 pairs of these shoes and I love them.  They are wider at the toe and are super comfortable.  The only complaint I have with these shoes is when running or walking on gravel, rocks get stuck in the soles.  Other than that they are great!", "If you love your toes to have room to move around this is the shoe for you!  This shoe gives you toe space, snug on heel so your foot stays comfortably put.  I have walked in these shoes for hours so effortlessly that I now have two pairs and may buy a third.It is rare for my feet to be happy in a running/tennis shoe without them being so worn in that they are ready to be tossed.  Very satisfied.", "This is my second pair - love these shoes - very comfortable. I am able to remove the insole and use my orthodic insole and also I like that they have a roomy toe box.", "I haven't purchased nike in a while.  So I wasn't sure how I was going to like these. However my son bought some for basic training and loved them. As soon as I put them on, I noticed that they were light and the foot bed was very comfortable.  I love the laces. They stay tied.", "I love the shoe, this sneaker is the first sneaker I have had that has felt great to put on, despite the fact that it's a narrow shoe. I know i have wide feet I have had this problem all my life. So it's great that this shoe fits me. But I can tell it would be better for me if it was a little more wide. But I would buy them again because they do fit great and it's barely noticeable at all that it's not made for a wide foot.", "i love it.. they are very confortable and ligth. i like to walk and run with them. they are very fresh.", "I love the colors and delivery was great quick. I just wish the grip on bottom was better. I have wide feet and still fit great", "I love these Nikes.  They fit wonderfully and are very light.  The price was right with this retailer too, less than the going retail price in my area.", "They're comfortable. I like the looks of my shoes. They will be used for track and hey will work really well.", "Looked great and felt even better. Fit was true to size. Bought them to run with my new dog. Would recommend them to friends.", "I love these shoes. The size was right and they feel like slippers with support,I'm trying to find this shoe in different colors. Try them.", "Perfect as usual.. A gift for my sister. Was a big hit!! Very excited and she loved the colors! Will order again", "I got these in the brave blue and they are very comfortable and great looking.  Best fit of any sneaker I have.  Normally I wear about 8.5 sometimes 9, and 8.5 fit great.", "I have a lot of foot pain and need shoes with cushioned soles, and these are great for me. I actually have two pairs now in different colors. I bought this pair because I wanted a pair without fluorescent colors all over, I changed over to black shoe laces. Love these shoes.", "Love these shoes...fit perfect not too small or too big...Just right!! Always get compliments when I wear them!!  And have already washed them once!!", "The shoes are very light and comfortable, but next time I will choose a size 7 instead. I need to move my toes inside the shoes :-)Key points: light weight and fresh for going outdoors during summer.", "Needed new shoes for exercising and these were the best ones to pick. It is very comfortable and great for running,  walking, and climbing. Love these and definitely recommend. :)", "Used to wear Nikes years ago and then the design changed and I couldn't find a pair that fit me very well.  The new Flex line is great!  I love these shoes!!  Light, so comfortable and airy!  I bought them for Jazzercise and they are wonderful.  Love the color too!  Tongue in cheek...my husband says they make my butt look smaller (people are too busy looking at my shoes so the focus is below the knee!)  Now that's an added pluse!, :)", "I bought these shoes primarily for a week long trip to Disneyland.  I planned to wear them every day, and if you've been to Disneyland, you know that means walking and standing for hours so great shoes a a necessity.  I buy at least one new pair of Nikes every year and knew the size I wanted - Nike came through for me again with consistent sizing.  The mesh on the upper is great because it's totally flexible and breathable and when my daughter spilled her water bottle on my feet, the shoes dried with in minutes.  The cushioning wasn't overly soft - which I've found fatigues my feet after a long day - and the support was very comfortable all day.  The light weight was also a welcome change over the bulkier Sketchers Walking Shoes I choose for my previous Disneyland trip.  Now that I'm back home I wear these for running, walking and general use (lots of house cleaning).  I still love them!", "i got my girlfriend these shoes and she loved them....i would recommend getting another pair of these shoes...they are really comfortable", "My Nike&#34;s are so cute, The color are exactly than the picture and my daughter wants the same pair. Good Sale!!!!", "I've been running on these for about 2 weeks with no complaints.  They feel well-cusioned, are nicely vented, and are very flexible.  I'm an under-pronator, which leaves me vulnerable to sore knees, but these are kind to my knees.  I average about 10-12 miles a week, wear a size 9 (true to size), and have narrow feet. The fit is good.", "These fit true to size. After the first week I developed a small water blister on one of my toes but now that I've broken them in a bit I love them!  They fit true to size, and in the Arizona desert heat, they are cool and comfortable for my entire workout!", "I bought these as a gift.  She picked them out and she loves them.  They are super cute.  Not sure why they have a specific year assigned to them (2013).  They are cute in 2014, too.", "I love my nike flex running shoes. they are the most comfortable shoes I have ever had... They take all the shock out of the stried.", "Really light weight but can't run in it. Totally no support. I tried 2 more of the other Nike light weight shoes and they also have no support..", "The shoes are very lightweight and comfortable and stylish. It does make me look short though. I like it, good buy.", "These shoes are great and get great air flow due to the larger mesh in the toes.  My wife loves them so much she got a second pair.", "The bold coloring on these shoes is magnificent. The rise on the back on the shoe rubs my heel on the down step. Im hoping this is temporary because I love the look and they are otherwise a comfy shoe.", "A little wide for me but still love them! Bright beautiful colors! Pretty comfortable. Pretty true to size. Wear on 24hour shifts and no leg aches.", "Excellent buy! My girl is too much satisfied with the tennis. The colors and the comodity is the best.I like it!", "The shoes came on time and they came undamaged. They look the same as they did in the picture and they fit great.", "Light weight, look awesome. Get lots of comments about how cool they look. My daughter loves them and wears them almost everyday", "I bought these because I've started jogging and they give great support.  I love the color and get lots of compliments on them.", "These Nikes are so great...cute and comfortable.  I love the color and the fit.  I am a big Nike fan and these did not dissapoint.  Love them!", "I love the model, the contrast of colors and very comfortableUndoubtedly nike is nike, these shoes are too much comfortable do not tire my feet, I am fascinated by the combination of the colors", "Very nice. really the product is such that it describes the seller. The material is strong, beautiful and durable. I recommend it to all who wish to be updated.", "I was very happy  wish there had a 7half size the 8 was little big but if anyone going to buy true to the size would buy again for my daughter . Thank you ...", "Sneakers fit true to size, good support in the arches and all around.  Very comfortable when running, I may buy a second pair to use for work since I'm on my feet all day.  Love the colors as well, great buy.  Shipping was not that great.  Slow and I had trouble getting the package delivered.  I also had issues trying to find a contact number to reach the company.  Love the sneakers, will find another company to purchase them from.", "Nike are my favorite. I love my shoes. Amazon is my favorite place to shop.I love the colors in this shoe.", "Love the shoe, had to get use to the bright color at first, everyone noticed! Being size 9 didn't help! I believe these shoes can be purchased at DSW for a little less, maybe 5.00 less, but I love Amazon!", "Nice and lightweight. Breathe really well. Great for running in the northwest where it is rainy. Would recommend to anyone.", "They are gift to one of my uncle, she really ejoy it, and we are really happy to see her happy.", "Bought for my daughter. She loves the colors and the fit. We both thought these shoes are a great product for the price!", "This is my 3rd pair of Nike Dart 10's! Love them.", "I read everyone else's reviews and they said to get a size bigger so I did and they're perfect. I'm usually a 8.5 and got a 9 and I love them. I'm a bartender and on my feet for 8 hours and these felt great. I got the orange and gray ones and got so many compliments on how cool they looked.. And the price you can't beat it! I loooove my nikes.. Great first pair :-)", "They are nice, comfortable and light. They run a bit small, so I ordered a half size up, and that worked out. Good quality for the price.", "I love this running shoe. It's true to Nike size,(they tend to run a little smaller),light weight, cool, & attractive. I had stopped working out because my feet burned in my cross-trainers. I was able to work out for 1 1/2 hours in my Nike Dart 10's with no pain or burning. I would definitely recommend this shoe.", "First I should say I only wear Nike sneakers (last pair of sneakers I had that were anything but Nike were my leather pumas way back in high school).  For me, Nike's have a consistently good fit and support.  I use these Dart 10s for a variety of activity, I wear them on the treadmill and for Body Pump, Step, Cardio Kick, and Zumba classes.  An all around good choice ... and hey probably great for running as well but that's not my thing :)", "The shoes look even better in person than in the pictures. Fit just as you'd expect, and they are very comfortable!", "Just got my shoes today and they fit perfectly,now let's see how my feet fell after my work day tomorrow while wearing them stay tuned!", "great product I loved it the excellent service from you through the shoe came in good condition but not for the next send me boxed in a bag is enough", "Very nice shoes, just a bit tight on my feet. If you have wide feet, don't get this pair-otherwise they are awesome.", "I got these for my wife. She is very happy with them. Said they fit very well and are very comfortable.", "You can use these shoes for anything. You can jog with it, work out with, you can even dance with it. Best of all, this is a very cute pair of shoes.", "shoe is excellent for women who work all day on their feet.  The price was right so I could not resist and buy them for her, shes so happy now!", "These Nike's are great!  They are comfortable and I like the style, exactly what I was looking for!  I ordered a half size bigger, like someone suggested. Glad I did!", "I bought these a gift for my mother. She has a bad leg and always looking for good comfy snrakers that are alao attractive so i got her these as a suprise and she loves them!!! They're very comforatble she says! I bought one size bigger than her normal size and good thing i did cause they fit just right!", "Great shoes. Fit great the first time . No breaking in.", "they seem to run more like a small then medium width. They are nice and will require stretching to be comfortable", "I would recommend this shoe to anyone who does a lot of walking and running like I do.  It is very comfortable and has great support.  The reason I choose it first was because of the price and second because of the look but I'm glad I did choose it because it really does help with support and balance.", "My foot size is 9.5-10 depending on brand; I ordered size 10.. these shoes fit great for running, very comfortable. I have yet to use them during my insanity workout, but feel for agility I should have bought 9.5 for a snugger fit.... however these shoes are exactly what I expected.", "Love them", "Nikes are the best all around sneakers anyways. These shoes rock. They are so comfortable, and provide great arch support, especially for people with flat feet like me. They also look great. I highly recommend them.", "I'm pretty happy with the shoes, the only thing is they are tight across the top of my foot, if I loosen the laces anymore I won't be able to tie them. I have really slender feet so that surprised me.", "I enjoy the fit and feel of these Nike shoes. They are what I expect to get from the Nike company.", "They are true to size, comfortable and very light.  I have Plantar Faciitus and they worked well without inserts.  Plus, they are super cute!", "The shoes gave me a blister on my first outing. I like the shoes dispite the blister. I like the colour and the style.", "When I saw this shoe I knew it was for me. Couldn't find it, then one day it appeared. I love em!", "They ran a little big but still wearable in the size I ordered. Fine for work but wouldn't wear them to workout in. Happy with the purchase.", "the shoes wasn't what i expected and the color looks faded than on the computer but theyre comfortable so i'll keep them.  thank you!", "Nice and lightweight, really comfortable shoes. I think they are great shoes and will buy another pair when needed. I love the colors as well.", "I love these sneakers.  I get a lot of compliments on them also.  They are very sturdy, comfrotable and fit true to size.  I always need a half size up from my normal shoe size in sneakers so I wear an 8.5 and they fit perfectly.", "I really liked these I added them to my collection I'm a big fan of shoes and these were very comfortable.", "The shoes are nice. I would recommend them to anyone. I wear them to work in a skilled nursing facility. They are comfortable.  They are true to size.", "The shoe is comfortable enough.  It's not my favorite Nike shoe, but it's not bad.  I had to buy a larger size in order to be able to wear my support inserts, but that's not really a big deal.", "Great product fits well. Makes my size 9 feet look neat. I am happy I made the choice to purchase that pair.  The service from tne supplier was prompt and on time.", "Very comfortable show. Great vLue for the money. Would order them again if I needed another pair. Wear them daily", "This was purchased as a gift for our niece who lives in another state. Glad to hear the size runs true. She loves them.", "I misunderstud the size chart and they didnt fit! The sneakers are so perfect i am goung to buy them again", "I love these shoes! I ordered a half size up because my toenails bruise when I wear my normal size 9 in running shoes. These shoes are comfortable to run in and the colors are bright and vibrant! I would highly recommend these!", "These arrived quickly and fit me true to size. I used them at work and didn't feel any pain after. They're light, comfortable and just look amazing. The colors have stayed bright and still look like new after 5 months of everyday wear. Would recommend to friends and family", "Awesome shoes! The first day a little right as expected but broke them in a few days. They fit great, very comfortable!", "These sneakers are super comfortable and great to wear on long walks.  I would get them again.", "I love these sneakers! They fit perfectly and are very comfortable. Price is also reasonable. I might buy another pair!", "Bought these because I am on my feet a lot and they are perfect. They are very comfortable and make it easy to walk around for  hours without and indication on your feet.", "A good fit and comfortable. Work out and run in these shoes comfortable with good support. Love the splash of color on the white.", "I got these for my daughter who works long shifts on her feet.  She says they feel great and she has gotten compliments on the look of them as well so even better!", "For the price, this is a great buy.  They fit well and are comfortable for the most part.  I have noticed that the horizontal band near the toes digs in a little bit which can be slightly uncomfortable.  Otherwise, I like them and am happy with the purchase.", "they fit wonderfully. I love the pink details. they are very comfortable and have worn them for hours.  these are perfect", "nice and very good so that i dont find any problem with it gentle and comfrort not big and not small", "I love the weight its a very light shoe, fits great and looks built to last. The colour is just as you see it and everyone asks about it.", "Good choice", "SUPER AWESOME LOOKS, SEEMS DURABLE,I USE THOSE EVERY SUNDAY AND NO COMPLAINS. THE GREEN ITS FOSFORECENT  I THINK JAJAJA OK", "Very nice shoesfit as expected and very comfortabletheir color is very unusual but when you watch them is incredible", "I got exactly what I wanted. I'm very satisfied with this purchase, for sure I can recomend to my friends.", "I am satisfied with this product, good quality, reasonable price, fast ship goods,This goes very light shoe, in accordance with my purpose", "it was perfect I couldn't ask for anything better than this it was no problem at all in getting it and the size was perfect", "The size fit really good will last a long time it's worth it the smooth feeling and quickness of it", "It was a gift for a friend that liked this model, it fits nice. Nothin more to say about an Original Nike.", "Love the new line from Cristiano Ronaldo, nice color combination and as soon as you step on the field you get noticed. These are fast, and make my moves more impressive than before.", "When I saw these shoes I thought they were sharp and looked very nice. I bought them for a cheap price and got what I was looking for. The first touches you take with these shoes is great! Very comfortable and easy to handle. This is all around a great shoe and I highly recommend it to anyone.", "Light, good ball touch feel, and wraps your feet like a glove. I had my doubts but it was good choice.", "Excellent for the school because the color is black and white and he can not stop play soccer, every opportunity that he has, he is going to play with his friends. Very good quality", "really nice shoes, good to play to make fast moves and confortable to go to the college or just go out with friends", "Very nice design. It's comfortable and good control a soccer ball very well. It absolutely worth this price. love it", "My boys tend to have wide feet and it is very hard to find shoes to fit them.  Nike Gato's have been the staple shoe as my 10 year old grows... These shoes give him the room he needs with a higher quality than most other shoes.  Originally found them for indoor soccer, but now he wears them to school and everywhere else!  This is a nice looking pair of shoes! :D", "I am very comfortable, fantastic surface and I recommend it, the area has great ball control and great direction.my son loved it", "Good shoe for indoor soccer. Fit is narrow so if you have a wide foot, probably not the shoe for you. But it does stretch side to side (across the foot) after a week or so of wearing", "my son is complete happy with this shoes...and his friend want to buy.are comfortable and nice too see .", "A fantastic shoe.One worthy of the best player in the world.It excels in terms comfort.... feel.... and it looks bloody good!", "When i purchased this shoe I thought that the high price tag was a consecuense of the materials or technology employed in it. I thought they where mostly leather shoes with some synthetic in certain parts, but its quite the opposite, there are mostly synthetic shoes with all the problems that brings, especially durability. The shoes lose their good looks quite fast and although they are in good shape and form so far im very concerned about how much they would resist. The technology is almost not present, and that was a disappointment mostly because for this price you can buy some top end soccer shoes from other brands. I don't know if the price is high because they came fro Honk Kong.On the goods I must say is a comfortable and efficient shoe without being outstanding.", "Excellent product, as always Nike derauda not. Especially using the world's best player CR7. recommended product, good material, good colors.", "great shoe but runs a bit slim.  wore it around the house for a few days to widen it up before playing.  great feel on the ball...", "The color is much more of a vibrant orange than as shown in the photo. But these shoes are fantastic. I did not even need to &#34;break them in.&#34; Wore them the first time out and fit perfectly. I own many Nike shoes and I fit into my usual size. They also have fairly good traction for indoor turf.", "Excellent product. The shoes looks exactly as the description, and color is powerful. The shoes are very comfortable, pretty good item", "The look and the feel of the shoes was great but they just didn't fit my wide foot very well.", "I have a fresh pair of Davinho's on as I write this. I played with a size 3 for an hour the other day. The touch feels great, the gum rubber is nice and grippy. A modern and Nike version of the Samba.", "is perfect, beautiful.. the quality is good and very confortable.. and the price is the most important.. i recomend this shoes", "This shoe is very good for walking around. It is well made as well. But when I where it, it hurts my thumb a little.", "I wear these at the gym doing cardio and go straight to the weights and have no issues. lihjt weight and comfortable", "This shoe is awesome!  I wear them playing ultimate frisbee on normal grass.  It has done very well on dry grass as well as wet grass, which is exactly what I needed.  The molds are great and provide awesome grip to the surface.  They are extremely lightweight and fit well.  I would recommend this shoe 100%!", "This was a gift, and the person loved it.Fit as expected, great quality, original product, totally new &#60;3, I really recommend this product!", "i play a lot of soccer and football so this is what i needed to get the work done thanks", "Go through 2-3 pair of shoes a year, and I saw these in a local sporting good store and liked the fit and look of the shoe. Bought for my spring season, but they held up well I will be able to use for fall.  Bonus found them on Amazon cheaper than the local store.  Can't beat the deal.", "Great feel, great look. Very light and not restraining when you run. We'll see about durability though in a few weeks", "it's the shoes what i want.! lol. I do really like total 90 laser iv. but i can't find it everywhere. i really like it", "I would recommend this cleat to anyone and everyone, perfect fit and comfort at its best. By far the best I have ever worn.", "I recommend this shoes to even girls. Its so comfortable in running and has a great fit even though its for men.", "I love it, however, the material is not that strong. I just like the color because it matches the team's", "It came on time and in a perfect conditions. My son is so happy, he love it. Excellent quality. We recommend it.", "nice one and gentle so thatok ok ok my dearand continue with new shoesand thanks for u", "Good looking casual shoes... perfect size... the grey and off grey color goes good with most color clashes... strong wear and tear and has not started fading or chipping...", "I got my 5.0s after reading many reviews and trying them in the shop I knew the perfect size for me.I've been wearing those everyday when I go out, University, GYM, beach, you name it.Those didn't come with the Nike + chip though because they aren't actually Nike 5.0", "looking good, the size is great, not so comfortable but everything else is goodchachachachacha cha cha cha cha cha  420 blaze it", "Trying to keep up with older step-brother.  Not sure he'll get there but he's now marathon training with his 23 year old step brother.  Has a great teacher and great shoes!", "Just as comfortable as all Nike shoes with a 5.0 sole. These will turn heads everywhere you go besides just at the gym.", "Very NICE for walking, Light, Durable  and they have the Chip in them to use the Nike+ App to keep track of Distance, Duration and even Location of Your Exercise  :D", "I just bought a pair and have used the twice so thy are not totally broken in yet, and I love them.  Lots of cushion and for moves that require cuts they totally hug your feet.  I have tried others and these by far are the best yet!", "Fit perfect after reading reviews that they ran small.  Ordered half size bigger.  Stylish and comfortable.  He wears them with jeans or nice slacks.", "These shoes rock!.  Very durable and attractive detailThis shoe set goes well with my running clothes is very durable. A little pricy but the color is fantastic!!!I like the color and shape of the product and it is great for in the 5K runs I do as well as looks good at the shooting range; color is high contrast on the black shirts/hats/coats I have.Shipping and delivery were great!", "Nike Free 5.0 EXT Men's Running Shoes 580530-431 size8.5 fThank youWas nice and I like it, thank you", "I thought I would be able to use a Nike+ chip with this model, Great shoes anyways.I just found out that Nike+ shoe styles have a '+' in the style name.", "They fit well because I knew what size I needed and plan on running a 5k in them this October to try them out for good", "They are not vented, not always easy to tell by the photos these days. I live in Arizona and in the summer I need to have breathable shoes. I do like the way Nike minimized gaps yet kept the sectional sole of the shoe. It makes for great flexibility and reduces the number of rocks that get stuck in the tread. They seem just a little snug and my feet get to hot in them.", "Great shoes. I mainly use these on a treadmill. The shoes are flexible and have good support. I would recommend these to any one without hesitation.", "These shoes are a bit small about 1/2 - 1 size.  But without socks they fit just about right.  The do take some getting used to without socks, but I would recommend these.  Very stylish look.", "I love my solarSofts. They are super light! I would advise getting 1 size up. They conform to my feet. #noSocks", "Extremely light, very comfortable. And how can you beat those colors? Solarsoft sole is the best available for sandals, my opinion.Nike does it again, this time covered-toe sandal style...", "Got the shoes very fast issues are really comfortable but felt a little loose on me but great running shoe very stylish nobody has them", "These shoes are unreal. I use them as walking around town shoes.... They dont have support, so dont try and run or hike in them. But the perfect &#34;couch shoe&#34;", "they fit exactly,probably buy more shoes like this and models,light as a feather and comfy.Your feet dont sweat in it.", "If you're needing a pair of shoes around a house, especially with hardwood floors, these are your shoes!  Lightweight and easy to get around in!", "These shoes are comfortable and they are cool!!  There aren't a lot of this type shoe in our area so it's nice to have something different.", "Daughter likes this style shoe and has run on track and on the road. Has some miles on them so we went with 4.0's for indoor season but she still occasionally wears these. They must be pretty good.", "When I wear  these shoes I feel soo comfortable . They are perfect for walk around the block or go with my son to the park", "You can see glue at the seams, the cloth edges aren't totally finished, and the sole of the shoes looks like cheap plastic. Don't buy these!!!", "I liked this shoes! they fit me as I expected and the color of the shoes was just right.  I encourage to buy some.", "I have not taken these sneakers off since I got them.  They are light and airy and weigh next to nothing.  It's a pleasure to work out with them.  Might invest in another pair in a different color.  Satisfied.", "I love the shoes and the brand Nike Air i will like to bay again soon no complaints beri nice", "shoes are great leather works great very comfortable  would buy again when worn out highly recommended for others to ourchase", "I have not always loved the NIKE shoe, as they have been too narrow in the past. This shoe is very trendy, so I decided to try it. I am really liking it.", "l love them they fit perfect gotta so many coments on them planning on ordering mani more n the future", "These Nike flip flops r so nice n comfy I get so many compliments especially on the color I have ordered 4 of them in diff colors..these last soooo long it's worth every penny they cost!!!", "I was so happy with these shoes.  I have small feet and was so pleased these came in a size 5.  They are very comfortable and look great!", "I gave these to a student who needed shoes at Christmas time.  He loved them.  He had the white pair, and this gave him a dressier looking pair that he could wear to work.", "I've bought this product for my son,who loves Nike Sport Shoes.They arrived on time and my son enjoy them very much.Love Nike!", "super nice!!!! old school..... meets the percent love them.....looking for more air force colors.. most have!! let me know...", "Nikes fit me well. These shoes are light which isnt a detrement. Fit out of the box. Have 30 miles on them and no complaints.", "the shoes were smashed down and they look liked they had been worn but i like air max 95 but i wasnt to impressed with these ones.", "This is the cutest outfit ever! My brothers baby is about 11 lbs and this fit him perfect!!! I love it!!", "I got this for a friend who was expecting and everything fit perfect and was so cute on the little one, recommend this seller.", "super cute. Bought three of these for my girls for soccer season. They have used them for every practice and game. Light weight and plenty of room for shin guards, cleats, ball , water and sweatshirt and more!", "I played with the shoes for about 30 minutes on wooden floors for the first time. The fit and support is great as expected - doing lateral and vertical movements. The reason I am giving this 3 stars is that the out sole is easily worn out. I even removed some rubber particles, to think that I only played 30 minutes.  I'm thinking....I can only use this shoes probably 7-10 more times and its good to go.  Not buying this again, don't waste you're money.", "they are good shoes that fit well and help me to keep my balance as I walk. please thank nike for making them", "As a for your information this is a UK company. Buyer beware if the package does not show up - you may not have much recourse.", "i think the fit is good, and i enjoy using them for both basketball and regular work outs/thank you much", "Good for outdoor play, fits nice and will check it on crowd play. Hope for a year it will serve well.", "I bought this shoe for my 10yr. old and was hoping the size was true. It came and I couldn't be happier with the fit. Went 1/2 size bigger since he has wide feet and they fit perfectly.", "I bought this shoes for my gym trainer and he looks happy with it . he says its perfect fit .", "MY SON IS REALLY ENJOYING HIS SHOES HE LIKES THEM AND THEY FEEL GOOD ON HIS FEET .THE COLOR WAS NICE AS WELL AS THE PRICE", "From the time I saw my New Nike Air Max ,I felt great,the color is awesome,it fit very comfortable. Thank you.", "I expected them to be normal basketball shoes, but on the side it says &#34;for outdoor use&#34;. they are really great shoes but I didn't know they were outdoor shoes.", "nice shoes, good performance, and nice air max tech. But little uncomfortable for the feet, but after all, it's a good shoe.", "My son will likely outgrow these by the end of the summer, but these shoes are well worth the price for an active 13 year old.  There are other more expensive models of this shoe, but he really found these model to fit and feel best.  Great buy for a great product.", "excellent shoes, very nice and durable. are ideal for outdoor play.", "Fit perfect. Came just as described.  I decided to get these shoes on Amazon because they were cheaper then all the stores in my area. My Nikes came really fast and as pictured.", "I purchased these for my 9th grader who loves shoes/sneakers. She loved the bright yellow color  and the fit of the shoe.", "Fits my feet perfectly. A lot of cushion and support which is good for heel and ankle protection. It does add an inch and half to height which may affect stability. Shoes a little heavier than other higher end Nike air shoes but barely noticeable. Cool design if you're into the fashion aspect of it.Good for people who need strong ankle and heel support.  Price within the $60 range so it's affordable for someone who needs dependable baller shoe but doesn't want to shell out for higher end brands.Not good for people who want a lightweight shoe.", "As we wanted. Very good product, quality and Price.I look forward to buying more of these products, thanks you for help me", "These arent your traditional nike shoes. They have a tighter fit, not smaller just tighter which is correct for the correct application. Good snug fit wont let your feet slide inside which is good support for my functional gym training since Im moving a lot in all directions. Lightweight and flexible. Looks good.", "This Nike Free Trainer is the most comfortable training shoe I have ever worn.Once on they fit like they were molded to my foot.I have since purchased a second pair and will purchase more.", "Bought these to for running.  I have now upgraded to a new pair and wear these casually.  They are lightweight and extremely comfortable.  They don't have a tongue which is freakin' awesome!", "the size i brought fit to a tee.  i brought them for work to walk around in and i felt like i was walking on air.", "really very nice shoes, to the point that it can be used both men and women without any problems thanks", "I was attracted to these Nike cross trainers because of the styling and colour. They do fit a bit close for a  pair of size 12 shoes, something which other reviewers elsewhere have also mentioned.  A half-size (12.5) would have fit much better", "The shoe wonderful and very light and shape of a very special and exciting attentionIn fact love it so muchThank you", "I love the fit. Didn't know that the front of the shoe was reflective. But all in all, great sneaker.", "Good shoe comfortable runs a bit small.  They are reflective top which isn't bad and grippy so good for most night running.", "If you are into cross fit or any other type of exercise, this is what you need to have. it's light, and durable, it will last you for long time. I LOVE IT! and i would recommend to every one. you will not regret it. great price for a great quality.Thank you!", "reliable sellerfootwear is as expectedexcellent customer responseVery comfortable shoesvery light and softthe color is more fluor than i spect but is greate", "Best shoes I've squatted heavy in that arent lifting shoes. Excellent stability for running through terrain as well. Fit as expected", "These shoes look and feel great! My wife bought me these shoes as a gift, and was amazed at how comfortable they were. No breaking in required.", "I bought these shoes for my son and I wish I could steal them from him.  So comfy and cool looking.", "The shoe is comfortable and light weight. Its great for cross-training or hitting the gym.Be sure to get 1/2 size bigger because if you look at the picture really good, you'll notice it is a slip on shoe. It was really tight around the ankles but after a couple days in the gym, it &#34;stretched&#34; out good.", "Very comfortable.  Two of my sons got this shoe, just in different colors .  You need to order a half size up from normal size.  Four stars because one day of throwing the baseball, and the front surface of one shoe was getting rubbed off a bit from  &#34;pitcher's toe.&#34;  Nice looking shoe.", "I love them I get a lot of compliments on them I wear them for work there so comfortable love it", "They feel like I'm wearing slippers. I use them for resistance and cardio and can't complain. They may not be ideal if you are doing heavy squats or deadlifts but for everything else the are great.", "Great running shoe, great for just walking around, fit is a little tight in the width but I still would recommend", "These are my new favorite workout show! Lightweight & great support. Also shoes really are cool looking. Great for street running or the gym.", "These are great shoes for &#34;movement&#34; exercises. My foot is allowed to flex in its' natural way as opposed to being limited by stiffer shoes.  The fit is intentionally snug so that the shoes work in exact motion with the foot.  Great buy - I wish I'd had htem sooner.", "These were a Christmas gift for my son. They are true to size and look great. He selected them, and was very pleased when he actually got them.", "Great fitting and exactly what the picture shows!", "They it great.  They look cool.  Shipping as awesome.  I love Nike and the new styles they bring to the table", "this is a very comfortable shoe. very lightweight and comfortable feels like you're just wearing socks you should try a pair", "I love these!!  They are the best fitting shoe. While I'm not training in them, I am on my feet all day! Super comfortable, lightweight, and fits like a shoe should.", "Very comfortable &#34;sock fit&#34; shoe. Great breathability. Not much support for pro or super nators, but that can be expected.", "Excellent running shoes. They'r great, comfprtable and they fir perfect. It says that they are for training but you can use them for training or even racing (when you compete).", "shoes are  very nice .my size is 11US but they fit just little be tight i hope with the time they will give me the full confort the i was looking for. anyway shoes are once again very nice in all details.thank you", "the shoe feels great , once you get your foot past the tongueless top they fit like a glove .", "I brought these for my brother to work out at the gym. My bro is a big heavy guy about 295. Lb 6'1. So of course it's ganna be snugs . Great for working out", "I'm not really a runner. But walk for maintenance. Definitely a better fit. Makes me want to run again as it does not have a high heel and very light. Well worth.", "Very comfortable and nice looking. Once I got these I felt a need to start running which is one of my newly acquired passions, you must try these out!", "My son found these locally, and loved them.  My husband really liked them, so I had to order him some.  The price here was the same as local, but I did get free shipping via Amazon Prime.  Great shoe.  They both said the fit is amazingly comfortable, and may look for a 2nd pair.  Color is sweet!", "Shoes are comfortable and great for gym workouts. I use them for P90 x and T25.  I tried them once jogging for 35' but the heels are hard and would be nice to have more cushion.", "LIKE THE COLOR  AND VERY FAST SHIPPING.... LOVE IT. MY SIZE IS 8.5  I WILL EXCHANGE IT TO SIZE 9 CAUSE IT RUN SMALL. MANY THANKS TO THE SALLER....HOPE TO CONSIDER MY REQUEST", "My son wears a size 14 and we can never buy shoes for him locally. He loves Nike and has worn this shoe before. Perfect fit and design. Would recommend.", "The shoes fit my son perfectly and are very vivid in color.  What he especially likes is the fact that these shoes do not have a detached tongue so it never gets crooked.", "Son is a NIKE collector and loved these shoes for his birthday.  Very lightweight and breathable fabric.  His go to shoe on a daily basis.", "These shoes are honestly the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn. I read that these shoes were made to fit like a sock, and they definitely do. It almost feels as if you aren't even wearing shoes. Not only that but I have never experienced flexibility in a shoe like these have. I use them for weightlifting in the gym as well as cardio and running, and they are excellent training shoes. Would recommend them to anyone.", "These shoes are the best training shoes I've had. They offer great support for strenuous workouts, and are also very comfortable for an everyday wear.", "This Nike shoe is lite and wears well. The color is eye catching and this shoe is good for walking and is easy to wear.", "I didn't see a whole lot of reviews on here so I took a chance when ordering. I'm a first time runner trying to get in shape and I bought these Nike's, a pair of Merrell's Barefoot and Puma's in the same order. The other shoes are cool, BUT THESE ARE THE ISH! They are good for training and running. Lightweight, fexable and still gives you great support. Perfect for those who train at dead lifting, barbell squatting and even light kickboxing. 2 thumbs up for sure! And, all the haters at the gym had that &#34;Daaaaang, I can see her shoes from the car&#34; look on their faces. They are super chic!Hope this helps!P.S. Good for feet that pronate ... like mines.", "Love love this shoe!  Fit is perfect.  I do not use socks so not sure if would be too tight if socks were worn.  Love the electric color and good arch support light shoe.  Great for the gym highly recommend.", "I am in love with them! The color is beautiful and the fit is perfect, definitely an eye catcher at the gym. They are very comfortable and flexible, I cannot be happier with my buy. Thank you so much.", "it is very fit for me. and it looks so nice as well. I like it very much. it worth having", "Finally, a pair of yoga shoes that are cute as well as functional. I loved using them in yoga class and in the case that you are off the mat, they really help you to keep your grip. They definitely improved my yoga experience!As far as dance goes, I used them for a modern class and they were equally awesome. Basically, these are great for performance and I think they fit well, true to size. They are worth it for sure. I love these shoes and I will definitely be wearing them for a long time!", "These shoes are great! I was unsure about the wrap around the ankle, but it really helps the shoe stay on my heel (and it's really cute)! I'm recommending these to all of my workout friends!", "Was looking for the right color yellow. These are perfect. Right color, fit, and light. Air gets in and my feet don't sweat.", "These Dual Fusions are the most comfortable sneakers I've ever owned! Light weight, hug my feet but don't rub anywhere. Love them!", "good quality and very comfortable could last all day with them recommend arrived perfectly without any details... worth it thx", "The shoe's memory foam sock liner makes this a very comfortable shoe. The tongue of the shoe is attached so I don't have problems with the tongue slipping to the side uncomfortably. So far I like it for running, but if you need a shoe to help lessen the impact then you need more cushion than the sock liner provides. If you are a casual runner or just need a good tennis shoe for light work-outs this one is great!", "Love the fit.  Memory foam and tongue less style requires no socks and is so comfortable.  These are all around great trainers and I wear them for anything and everything.  Was happy to find in my size and they fit exactly like first pair.", "Very good product. Soft, comfy and bright. As Good as I expected :) very happy customer. I already use them to run and were more comfortable than my old nikes too :-)", "Purchased for my wife - lightweight, look good, fit well and comfortable. Color is not exactly what is seen on the description photos (close though), she would have preferred a black color hence the 4-star rating instead of 5 stars.", "I do not like this review system.  I have nothing to say about this shoe.  Ordering it was a huge mistake.", "Fits me great, I love Nike and all their products. all the other ladies in Zumba class asked me where I got them.  I said to go to Amazon online, they have everything.", "The colors are as expected!! They feet great, very comfortable. I highly recommend them. Love the neon colors. The price is perfect for such great sneakers", "This shoe is a very nice and good looking shoe - very comfortable and all.  However, I ordered a 9.5 and received a size 10, went on vacation with them and didn't notice they were a little big until I had worn them.  I couldn't return them after I'd worn them.  Bummer!!", "Love the color", "The product is as described and fits to size, I haven't use them yet but I tried them and they're really comfy!", "Everything about this shoe is exactly what I was looking for. Lightweight, great arch, comfortable. Great for walking, riding my upright bike, etc. The size advertised fit just like expected.", "The Nike Women's Cheer Compete white training shoe is very nice.The fit is good and I like the ventilation it gives me. I use them for walking.", "Fit perfectly", "I like this sneaker. I think that the memory foam is very supportive and it feels like my foot is wrapped in comfort. I would buy again.", "So I have pretty much always used Nike shoes for cross-training. This shoe is awesome. It is very light weight and helps with my shin splints that seem to re-occur. I haven't had them since I started training in these shoes. The colors are bright and they came with an extra set of pink shoelaces...a nice little surprise! The price is more than right, as these shoes typically retail from $80 - $100. Great purchase.", "I workout at the gym 4 days a week and needed a pair of low cost trainers that were light, comfortable and provided support. The Nike Flex Trainer 3 did not disappoint. I have used it for a week now and have no complaints! Love the colors and it's true to size.", "Great for fitness, light, comfortable, just a little bit large, but not an issue when doing exercise. Nice bright colors!", "Beast! They fit perfectly and they came on time I love wearing them even when I'm not on the basketball court!", "LOVE LOVE LOVE the color of these shoes! Very light weight, somewhat large in fit, may want to size down a half size, but overall very comfy! I would recommend this item to anyone! I may just purchase another pair!", "AFTER GOING OVER SEVERAL OPTIONS...FINALLY PICK THIS NIKE MODEL....I CONFIRMED THAT WAS THE BEST OPTION...EXCELENTE CHOICE...LIGHT WEIGHT...NICE COLORS...I DEFINATELY RECOMEND THIS PRODUCT WHILE IT LASTS.", "They fit really well and are very comfortable for walking. They look great and come with an extra pair of neon green laces. I got them in a size 8 and i will be looking for them in different colors!", "these are great kicks they pop great eye catcher def recommend them. not so much for sports thoug there kinda bulky but just right for chillen", "Too narrow near front of shoe; toes cramped. Need to return item maybe longer size will fit, but length seems ok.", "I bought these cause i like Nike and saw these and thought how kool they looked and had to have them. So i orderard them in the size that i thought would fit. But when i got them then put them on. They were slightly to big and stiff for me. So not being too happy about it... Thats  when i remembered that my older Brothers B-Day was coming up soon and he has a little bigger foot than me.So i turned a -Negative into a +Positive. And gave my brother a great gift for his B-Day.. They fit him fine he likes them..He was needing a new pair anyways..  :-)Oh i wear a size 10 to a size 10 1/2 depending on the style N type of shoe..and the pair here was a 10 1/2...", "Great pair of shoes no complaints I love the shoes they do just what I need. Use for workout. Okay!", "Very lightweight and comfortable shows. Have pretty good support too.  Breathe well and have nice cushion.  Might be a little loose in heel for some folks.  Very flexible soles and good traction.", "I like that these shoes can be thrown in the washer and come out like new.  I wear them to walk my dogs and love the light weight feel and comfort.", "These are sooooo comfortable.  I used them for walking and I can say with all the sneakers I have tried these are my favorite.  Will buy another pair", "The most comfortable running shoes ever! I love them and they look good too! The size was perfect and super comfortable!", "I bought these for my daughter whose uniform requires black and white shoes.  They fit great, are light on the feet, and she has not complained once about her feet hurting after PE or volleyball practice, like she did with her previous Reeboks", "This is my 2nd pair of flex 3. My first pair is about 3 years old, still in great condition.  I just wanted a new pair. They are so comfortable and light.  I can work out in them or just wear casually.  Order your normal size, they will fit perfectly.", "These are very cute, sort of wide in the toe area, not as tapered as the free run style. I use them for working out since they are comfortable.", "These shoes are great for running! I have Flat feet and running usually hurts but with these my arches don't hurt anymore! I love them so much! And I love that they came with black shoes laces AND with a white set as well!", "Perfect fit! Comfortable!", "Shoes were as described, and my wife was happy with them!", "These shoes are so lightweight, I love that. They fit true to size. I have shoes that offer more arch and overall support but I like these for comfort and traction.", "Fast delivery and the shoes were packaged neatly. So damage or harm done to the product. I love my shoes. I wear a 9 but the shoes makes my foot look like a six. They are very comfortable also", "Could've gone down a .5 or 1/2 a size.  Other wise they are light as a feather, perfect for training.", "They don't have the flexibility or give in the right spots for my feet.  I ended up giving them to my daughter who seems to really like them, however I'm not sure that they are as nice to work in in her waitress job.", "Shoe arrived in two days and were the right size and color.", "Very light, soft and comfortable shoes. All kids from school using  them for yoga classes.Just don't know why the shoe soles rubs off very quickly?", "I bought these because of the color and style but, I love the fit of these shoes. By far one of my most comfortable pair of shoes owned. Normally Nikes have fit a little snug but, these are a true fit to my size 8 foot.", "No tired,achy feet for me.Did not have to break in this pair of shoes, comfortable, great shoe. I would recommend this shoe to others. True to size.Cleans easily.", "My daughter wears Nike a lot because the wider toebox is a good fit for her. However, these were tighter fitting and although she could have worn them with just socks for a &#34;perfect&#34; fit, they were too tight with her ankle braces.", "The socks fit well and are very comfortable.  Good to run and work out in aswell.  Love the Nike Elite Socks.", "My 14-year old loves these shoes.  He saves for special outings.  He actually keeps them clean and he doesn't keep anything clean!", "They look great! So many compliments! They are a great value at the price I got them, have yet to see anyone else in NY with these particular ones!", "I will recommend this unit everyone is a nice comfortable shoe is well worth it to everyone try it nice and comfortable", "I have wide feet so I was worried these wouldn't fit.  Not only did they fit great, but they're really comfortable.  The seller was great to shipped product quickly.", "Great summer shoe. Not really for running. Fits true to size but is also a soft mesh so there's some give.Very happy with them", "I am size 10 and these feel like size 12, but they do look really good, good for pretty much anything whether its running, gym or just walking", "This are nice shoes but beware they runbig we had to return them but they arevery nice will be buying morenice shoes", "comfortable and supportive; flywires give the heels a more snug feel, but not in a bad way.  this blue really pops, i love it.", "Bought these for my son.  They are well made and he says that they are quite comfortable.  He's very happy with them.", "Satisfied with the shoes", "Like this sneaker. Fits well, very light and overall comfortable. Very stylish as well, get lots of compliments for these sneakers", "This shoe endures for a very long time. Easy to clean as we'll.", "-----The Good Stuff------great ventilation and cushioning-lightweight impact protection-really versatile shoe, can wear with almost anything-offers breathability-full mesh upper and phylon midsole-has a cushioned collar for protection around ankle-rubber waffle outsole for traction-lots of cool-----The Not So Good Stuff------they run just a little bit big with the size-not too great for running, feels kind of big-----Other Comments------these shoes are really stylish-one of the most comfortable nike shoes I have worn-great variety of designs", "Shipped this one to my son in Italy.  He loved the light-weight and the comfortable fit. Great  colorful, sight-seeing shoe!", "they were for my son , and he likes them a lot, he says they are confortable. And best of all they were at a great price", "I love the shoe, and the colors are great, but it fits a bit more snug in the toe area than my other shoes that are the same type.", "These are perfect for walking around or wearing out on the town. I have flat feet and normally can't wear these type of shoes, but the Rukus have a reasonable amount of support.", "I was looking for the grey color, but when my son saw the blue version, he didn't think twice..It was a great buy, this sneaker is very comfortable and has a great quality! I always liked Nike shoes and this one didn't disappointed us!! Very happy!", "Just love them. I recommend it. And Nike does it again, super comfortable and slick kicks.Perfect fit, and stylish too", "Great for Cardio Blast and balancing.  Wide stance help with balancing and extremely comfortable fit and finish. Great for workouts.", "Color is more pink than &#34;atomic red&#34;.  Comfortable though.  Price was good enough to entice the buy but wish the color explanation was more accurate.", "Very Comfortable And They Don't Make Your FeeT Your Hot. Good For  Walking It Running. They dont Have Your Feet Hurting When I Break Them in", "I bought this shoes for my friend he loved it, it is confortable and nice, I can recommend it for any person", "i have always liked nike training shoes primarily becauase of their awesome design and function. this pair is very comfortable and provides great protection for my ankles while running. great buy.", "These are great cross trainers. I wouldn't recommend them for running on a regular basis but you could if you wanted to. Nikes always run thinner and fit my feet perfectly. I haven't had any trouble with durability yet. Awesome shoe overall.", "These water shoes are both stylish and comfortable. They are good for low impact activities but when I climbed a waterfall and plunged into water the front part came off several times. Besides that they were useful and dried quickly.", "shoes  for my 10th grade son he seems very happy with the shoes., thats what im looking for.thank you very much", "Absolutely love the shoes! I'm surprised they were a bit smaller than some NIKE'S, but they still work.  Maybe my foot's still growing at 32", "I ordered these Nike Men's Dunk High Basketball Shoe for my son, and he really loves the shoes. Great deal!", "I am on my feet all day and love these shoes, plus they are very stylish! I wear a size 8 and that's what I ordered, perfect fit and very comfy!", "It is what it says in the description of the product and it arrived perfectly on time. You can buy it with no doubt.", "I would recommend these shoes - a great value and excellent shoes.  This is the second pair I bought - the first I bought at a shoe store and paid much more.  These fit well and seem to support my ankles and knees well.", "Bought these as a gift for the family athlete and she loves them.Will be buying more for her as she needs them.", "Well..........................it is not only everyone seems to looking at you, but feels GREAT. It is so comfortable, like it was made for my foot! I knew his would be a great shoe, but exceeded my already high expectation. Only can recommend.", "I bought these for my 6 week cruise around the world. They were dressy enough to wear with a jacket to dinner, light and comfortable enough to do some major touring while in port and also comfortable enough to use when I went to the gym. They were perfect", "Bought these shoes for my boyfriend and he loved them! Super clean and fits perfectly! Came as soon as possible!", "This is a genuine Nike shoe and is great quality.  I buy this style for my husband every year, and this year he said these are slightly different, its a little bit cooler because it has the mesh part in the middle.", "Theese are exactly what I expected from nike, I love to buy nike items as they as they fit my foot like they were made for me.", "This is great shoe design looks great.  However the comfort of the sole is aweful.  Nike can do way better with sole comfort, and they missed the mark by a train length on this one.", "i bought an extra pair the day they came.  i loved them so much.  never wore a shoe so comfortable and also ones that look as badass as these do.  great looking and the ladies always compliment them.", "I've taken these for jogs - I actually have the black as well as the navy blue versions of the same size, and they both fit me fine even though I have wide feet.  They are comfortable enough for walking, jogging, or running.  So far, they've held up fine, and since they have a mesh on top, they're great for summer time wear since they keep the feet cool.", "amazing shoes, not heavy, not give heat, are super comfortable Nike gives everything on these shoes are much grip and control on the trot, remember to order half size up for better comfort", "Great looking shoe for an even better price.  Shoes are very comfortable and did I mention they look great.  A must have.", "I purchased these as a birthday gift for my husband. He LOVES them and wears them every chance he can. He said the fit is great, very comfortable.The seller is wonderful. Shipping was very fast.", "I bought them for my birthday and I was very pleased once I wore them thanks I will continue my business with you", "Great product I'm satisfied with the shoes they are very comfortable and I truly would like to thank you all!!", "Excellent article, I arrive on time, recommended to have more variety in sizes. I am very satisfied and would recommend to my friends to buy in your store", "hey dear my name is hattim and iam contact with u more than 6 month because this item that u shiped to him you must be sure when u delivered the item 68844412 did u sure that right adress and how but my right sp 688144412 that very very very problem about your dealing with your customer so thst i wanna to replace my item or return my money quick  i wait u my dear quick please", "Shirt fitted well, looked better than I thought, and it felt great. Nike knows what they're doing. If I could; I would get it in all colors.", "This Tracksuit is great for those days you need to go out and about, but don't want to be comfortable. May want to order up a size cause it does fit a little tight.", "I bought these as a gift for my daughter.  She loved how soft and comfortable they were.  I hink she will get a lot of use out of this outfit.", "You know, these Nike frames are the best frames ever! I've been wearing them for a couple of months now. So light, and fit perfectly ... they hug your head right above your ears, which is a different experience for me than my last pair (Armani frames), but not tightly so that you feel like you notice it. You bend over to look down, and they stay on your head! I love it!! I do a lot of work on my computer, and so I am frequently looking down at other documents and such, so to not have to constantly be pushing my glasses back in their proper position on my face when I am looking up and back at my screen is like a miracle to me!In several different descriptions of these frames elsewhere on the web they have indicated these are men's frames, but I a woman and think that they are definitely unisex frames. I get compliments on them all the time (everyone from my friends to my doctor, lol) especially in that they are rimless glasses, have that hint of blue color, and well, just look cool. :)The midnight fog is the color I chose, and the blue color is subtle but yet enough to show and give them a pop of color. I also have the Transitions Lenses, so I love the fact that I can read outside now without an additional set of sunglasses/changing them up. All in all, these frames are perfect and I'm so happy to have them. I love my Nike frames!!", "It fits as expected, excellent shoes. Good material and colour and shape according the picture. I recommend this shoes for your kids.", "am so happy whith this product i recomended 100% high quality and very nice very confort excelent say no more", "Good fit", "All my work out wear has to be Dri Fit. I work out long and hard and this tank is perfect", "Nice fit and I have DD's which I find it very hard to find sport bras that fit properly and won't ride up.", "I went to a few outlet stores looking for this specific navy blue & white shoe... Since my first pair were so comfortable, didn't need much break in time. This shoe was not a dissapointment. Great fit arrived on time.", "The product was a medium, but fit more like a small.  The pants were nice quality, but had to give them away to a friend because returning them cost almost as much as the purchase price.", "I love the color, the shoe fits perfectly and shipping was fast as expected. I should have bought these shoes a while ago.", "I had Tailwind 12 come with a max speed tint lenses, but it gets too dark if i run in shades.Max Vis is best for trailrunning IMO, it enhanced the contrast of the view, and will not gets too dark in the shades.Although Max Speed is better under strong sunlights, but it is not very practical to swap lenses or sunglasses when running, but I will still use it on road races.", "They are comfortable and hard to find in my size. Great for running or power walking, great heel shock-absorbtion and true to size. I really like the black and Amazon usually has them in my size and color.", "This product looks so much better in person than it does in the pictures. They are easily wiped down to keep clean and very comfortable.", "Style is great. walking with them are always a pleasure on the Feet .. thanks ! :) I Recommend these to all who have a back problem. I could say one thing it helps lesson the back pain.", "I bought this shoe for my daughter and they are a very nice color.  She feels about an inch or two taller with the air system at the bottom.  It also has good traction on the basketball court.  The only problem she had with this shoe is that she got some blisters and they are a little on the heavy side compared to today's light basketball shoes.  Overall its a good solid shoe but probably a little overpriced.", "The shoes are better than the Jordan 10 because they are awesome !!! !!! !!! !!! !!! !!! !!! !!!", "They have great ankle support and cushion.  They have amazing air support and the shoe is stylish.  Money well spent!", "nike lebron are nice and comfortable they look good and they were what i exped i love them .. hi", "Its comfortable it feel so good wearing these lebrons my friends thought they were nice my crush she shoe wedgie me and I thoight she likes me  :D", "This was exactly as advertized.  A great track suit in a pleasing color combination. Very comfortable for lounging or warming up.", "I am in LOVE with these shoes!!! Thay are even cuter in person!!! They do run about a half size bigger but but if you're a nike dunks fan then you should already know that!", "Got them for a gift for my best friend she absolutely fell in love with them. Totally recommend them to anyone.", "Way too big for my face. They need a women's/ small size. I had to return them. Otherwise very nice!", "Great sneaker! I ordered a size larger than my shoe size and they fit and feel great! I think I can actually run faster ;) Love how reflective they are too - great for running in low light hours.", "I have a few pairs of Nike shoes. I own the NIKE FREE RUN in yellow. These are + Shield which I guess is water resistant. I love the Free Runs. I almost think that these are a knock off of the originals? They are made in China. The other pair is made in Vietnam.All of my Nike shoes say NIKE on the Tongue of the shoe. This pair does not say NIKE on the Tongue and the fit is not the same. They basically look the same and they are also very light in weight. I am not positive. Everything else seems identical. The fit is significantly different. The Bottom line is if I bought this pair before I would not buy a second pair. Besides the color of my first pair, why do they fit different? Why don't they say NIKE on them?OK these are Free Run 3's I guess the pair I own are Free Run #1 the serial # or item is 510642-706(my first pair) The blue pair is number 536840-404 and I do not like them as much.", "These shoes are great! They look and fit just as expected. Very light and flexible. I would highly recommend them.", "These fit true to size. They are exceptionally comfortable and light. Great for running without extra bulk or weight. The water resistance is an added bonus.", "I loved these shoes when i got them. i am 13 and wear a size 7 . the problem was that they ripped so easily.I was devestated when I found that out.I loved these shoes. they were light and since I am an athlete iloved them. please nike ifyou can. send me another pair. I love these shoes but it is hard to constantly buy 100 dollar shoes.please answer.thank you.p.s  Nike is the best and is my favorite brand. i adore nike.", "they came early 1st plus then they come n a special box if ur a fan of forces these will def bring ur collection to another level", "These shoes are great-looking and also really comfortable. They are light and durable.I'm an occasional runner and the Nike DART 9 are great for the job.", "My first experience with Nike shoes and it is great! The shoes fit nicely and good for running, with fashionable looking. Very value for money.", "great shos, the quality is excellent. have no complains. 100% recommended.comprado desde venezuela, vendedor responsable, la calidad del producto es excelente, 100% recomendado.", "The most comfortable sneaker I've ever had for working on concrete. The hunter green color is great since it doesn't show dirt.", "I have a straight foot and most of America has a semi curved ot curved foot.  This is Nike's only surviving straight lasted shoe.  I love them and it's a higher end shoe with all the attendant cushioning and quality that Nike can be so good at", "I bought these shoes for regular everyday, and they fit perfectly. They have a nice snug fit, so if you don't like that then go a half size larger.They do ship from the UK so shipping did take a little longer. For me it was 8 days including the weekend, but it was worth it.I highly recommend these shoes and this seller.", "I had these in high school back in 1992 and loved them. They are basically the same as I remember.", "loved the color though air pockets didn't hold up as strong especially if you do a lot of walking during time of work.", "These are very stylish. I like that the shoestrings are purple. Looks very nice with my jeans. Again I love them", "Was told they fit well and person is happy with them. Would like to have a pair myself sometime. thanks", "Shoes are easy to put on. No shoe laces to tie. They have Velcro. Shoes are very flexible and light which is perfect for my 20 month old. Only reason I rated them a 4 star is because they arrived a week past expected delivery date.", "got these for my grandson, daughter says they fit great and they are so cute also.  they bend real nice so the little guy can walk normally.", "I have extremely small feet for being a &#34;grown&#34; adult so I have a difficult time finding running shoes that fit properly and don't have flashing lights on them when I step, with some child insignia on them. I found these shoes and LOVE THEM! I do a lot of high intensity workouts and these are perfect 6 times a week and these have held up nicely. Light weight, durable and move with the foot. I have not tried running in these shoes as I like a heftier shoe for running (if that makes sense) but I think that is a personal preference thing. I am sure you could run in these and they would be great.", "There somewhat large but there mad comfortable. You don't even feel like you fet them on. There perfect when you're on your feet a lot", "Looks nice my friends love it and make me look so nice about my self because grey and hire are a great match to everything", "I love the classic looks and comfort of these Nike Classics. I was surprise to have found them and now own several more pair.", "This shoe retails for $120.  The retailer has significantly marked up the price and then given the appearance of a discount to make it seem as if your getting a deal.  Even with their so-called discount, it's still higher than the MSRP!  Go to Nike.com, or anywhere else to but this product.", "I guess this shoe was a good fit.  It's what my grandson wanted and apparently wears daily. He seems quite happy with this shoe.", "I loved being able to order school shoes online.  My six year old Lhasa been wearing them everyday.  They should last for a year", "My boy love them. They look as expected. They are very confortable. My boy is so happy with them. Perfect.", "Nice shoes, like the colors and they are perfect fit. My son really loves this gym shoes, he likes how they feel.", "I ordered this Nike for my nephew and he loved it. It fit very well and he's been wearing it since Christmas.", "Shoes on Amazon are &#34;iffy&#34; when it comes to sizing. I have returned more than I have kept.  These Nike sneakers are a good value for growing children - on our third pair.", "comfortable and light more than I expected and very light and very good for summer especially. try it this product. you will not disappointed.", "Young man loves the shoes,. He was very excited when he received them and says they are the most comfortable shoes he has ever worn.", "These shoes are perfect! Good support, well made and sporty.  Very happy with this purchase even though they are expensive.", "This is worth. Line 2013. Very comfortable, light and beautiful. Difficult to compare. And a gift and I'm sure that go like", "my daughter loves them, and so do i. comfortable, lightweight and stylish. now wishing i'd gotten myself a pair too!", "I love the shoes and the style but the fit is a little snug in the middle. fits perfect with the rest of the shoe.", "She loves them and tells me they are great and stylish. If shes happy I am happy! A bit bright for my tastes, but I am told thats how they are supposed to be!", "These are beautiful designed Nikes.  My 11 year old granddaughters put them on immediately and wore them to school.  Great colors and styling, and of course, well made.", "This was actually for my cousin and she loved it very much, very flexible and very comfortable and it fitted as expected.", "What can you say about socks?  They are comfortable, and appear to be good quality.  A nice summer pair of socks.", "It is hard to find perfect man's socks in the store. Usually its 100% from synthetic materials. This socks have perfect blend with cotton and good for running and daily wear.", "My son said they fit great and are good for keeping your feet dry in hot weather.", "They're Great, Exactly what I wanted, the colors and size were perfect as it was in the picture and description. Awesome.", "It is hard for me to find this size here in town and I love how they fit on my daughter", "comfortable, colorful, I bought this for a 7 year old and she calls them her highlight shoes, she loved tham", "My child needed these for running and they are very comfortable, with a great fit and they cushion her feet and give her plenty of traction while running.", "The shoe fits my daughter well and looks cute too. The important thing is that she wears them instead of going barefoot.", "We had a hard time finding the right size of these for my 12 yr old son but were able to find them on here for a good price! They're exactly like he hoped!", "Brought these for a surprise gift for my husband he loved them will buy again quality is excellent postage is a bit expensive tho", "I hope the guys get this sneakers if you love the colors and love how to rock the sneakers the way you want it to be. keep up the good work amazon and all is well.", "These shoes are lasting abuse from my son and he's just about to grow out of them. Nice price for the lifespan they have in my house.", "Nice  soccer shoes and good quality , my dotter love it, fix normally respect at the size we order . And looks very cool", "Fits great , my daughter is happy with her new indoor court soccer shoes!!! Great indoor soccer shoes and fit perfect.", "These were on her wish list for Christmas in the high top style.  I chose the low because of the price and she loves them!", "Great shoe. True to size. Bought it for my daughter, but since we wear the same size I wear them with a particular outfit from time to time.", "Boot is also displayed, comfortable feet, and size is very appropriate for the age groups between 10 and even 20, excellent for use for school students", "This feels actiolly very good and it doesent only look good is feels good as well just a great iteam", "daughter is very happy with these shoe say they are very comfortable and would buy more in the near future", "They were a little bit to big but an extra pair of thin socks and they fit perfect.  Loved the color of them, they are true to the picture a beautiful bright green.", "These are bright, bright, orange(which is a good thing). My daughter loves them.  I previously ordered the orange Puma turf shoes, but they fit really small, so I ordered these instead.  My 11-year old loves the colour and says they feel great on.", "Excellent product.What I expected in terms of design, size and color. I really liked.I have no recommendation for improvement.", "Delivery very fast. The product is perfect. The price was very good. My son use everyday to play soccer and it's very durable.", "These shoes were super cute and worked really well on an indoror soccer arena surface for my 7 year old.", "This top fits great without being too tight or too long for petite people. It's perfect for running in the winter.", "Very happy, people want to know where I got them from and I say. I bought them in Dallas.  Lol", "This shoe looks even better in person than it does in pictures online... The shade of green just doesnt come through in pictures, its stunning. Ive got the Re-Entry's and i've been rocking these way more everywhere I go they seem to make heads turn. Also regarding packaging and Delivery I ordered through Theonekicks and they did an absolute fantastic job packaging the product, much better than F.S. Fashions did with the Re-entrys. Like another reviewer stated since they were shipping from hong kong i had my reservations about them being fakes but they are the REAL thing. Since they were coming from china and the delivery estimate said three weeks to a month I assumed it would be late August before they arrived. It took five days to get to murica from China then another two days to get to my doorstep. Excellent service. Amazing shoe. Could not be happier, Thank you TheOneKicks!", "I bought this shirt for my husband for his birthday and he absolutely loved it. He's owned every dry fit shirt around and says this is probably the nicest golf shirt he has. Fits true to size. The collar and sleeve detail is cut out. I thought they were just darker blue squares but its fine. It doesn't make it look weird. It fills in up against the shirt. Good buy - I plan to buy him another one.", "I did not purchase these on Amazon but did purchase them from a DSW store.  I lucked out.  I was looking for an inexpensive but well made outdoor shoe for hiking Squaw Peak in Phoenix while I was visiting relatives in AZ.  Looked all over the internet and couldn't find anything with a good review/rating for around $40.  I went to DSW and made my way to the clearance rack where I found these.  Their regular price was $85 but were on clearance for half off.  They may have been a returned item but they looked brand new.  I bought them, wore them to hike Squaw Peak the next morning and they performed perfectly.  They are light weight, well constructed, and definitely helped maintain a good grip on the trail and on the rocks.  I didn't slip or slide even once.These shoes were released about a year ago but if you can find them, I highly recommend them.  These are top notch outdoor shoes that are comfortable, light weight, and have a superior grip.  I haven't used them for running but I can attest that they will perform very well on difficult hikes.", "My son loves them.  They fit perfect and look great.  I wasn't sure about buying shoes he had not tried on,but he loves them.", "This wool running hoodie is wonderful. I love the color and the snap on buttons that you can button all the way for a turtleneck type feel or open it up if you get hot. The color is great also. Don't dry it though it will shrink.", "It's a great wallet best I have ever had I will be ordering more products for sure the size is real compact works great", "Wallet is very cheaply made, NO Passkey slots as stated and will not wear very long. Very dispossable.an in my opinion not up to Amazon standards.", "They fit great right out of the box and they look so cool.  I have been getting great compliments on them as well.  I was actually considering buying a back up pair for when my current pair wears down.  Yes, I think they are that cool!", "I give this a 5 star rating because my nephew luvd them.  He was interested in some other sandals before ,but we saw these and he liked them.  When we received them he was very happy with his gift!!", "Very well constructed. I have it used it on windy and rainy days. Kept the wind and rain out keeping me warm and dry. Has built in full hand covers and half hand covers. Does fit snug.", "This is my favorite running jacket. Bar none. Slotted thumb holes and extra material to keep my hands warm. Top of the line material to dry fast and keep me comfortable and great in the cold.I wear this in temps down to 40. Add an additional long sleeve layer under it below there and I'm never cold.I also wear this when not running because its comfortable.", "NOT ONLY DO THESE SHOES KEEP MY FEET DRY BUT ALSO WARM!! I'M LOVING THEM. THEY ALSO HAVE A NICE, WIDE TOE BOX THAT IS GREATLY APPRECIATED.", "After years of using cross-trainers to play tennis, and suffering from every imaginable foot discomfort, I finally invested in actual court shoes. What a difference! This style of shoe perfectly supported my feet so that my tendons and ligaments did not over absorb the stresses of sudden stop and go movements. My only concern is that the lace loops are not durable. After six months of use, some of the loops on two pairs I bought came apart. I won't buy another pair until this flaw is corrected. Otherwise, it's a well designed shoe for its purpose. If it's good enough for Rafael Nadal, its good, but not perfect.", "I bought these for my grandson at Christmas, and he just loved them. Beautiful, quality, and exactly as pictured. Very happy with my purchase! And I didn't have to run to the Mall! I love shopping with amazon!", "Well The Package Came 2 days before said,i am very Sttisfied with the shoe but i am not sure if theses are realbut over all i think that this was a very good purchase", "The shoes came in perfect condition all the way to the actual box. They color way is a must have if you like the stealth look. The shoes are really comfortable also, I get a lot of compliments when I wear them in the gym.", "Very comfy and material is great as well, a must have in your closet if you love jordans. Would highly recommend", "A lit bit hard , but perfect fit and delivered as plan. I really enjoying this shoe and maybe i'll have other jordans shoes", "that i got them for him... &#34;giggles&#34;.. now he wont take them off. he side they fit just right. it is a good thing that i got the size that i did because his feet have grown 3 size. wow it is hard to keep w/ him . anyway he loves them.", "Great shoes! My 12 year old son loves them! Comfortable and cool looking! Great birthday gift for him!! shipping was great also!", "My son wanted these sneakers best price around fits right he wears them for basketball and around town love e,", "I like these and I really want them because I need them for my basketball team Color also and I'm a pretty good baller.", "The shoes are perfect. Have a pair of bright yellow ones and these are a perfect compliment. I'm thinking of wearing 1 yellow and 1 green! kidding. Actually, I do a lot of running and these shoes are comfortable and light. The distributor delivered these on time and they were exactly what I expected. Good shoes.", "I purchased this hoodie, for my Granddaughter.  The color pink, which I ordered, is true to the picture.  It is soft, well made and my Granddaughter loves it.  It has not been washed yet, so I do not know for sure, but from the quality of the material, I would say it will hold up well.  On the color changing, I do not know.", "I bought this for my son. It fits well and suited the current style, weight, and versatility was perfect for him.", "It takes too long to arrive but the good thing is that it is unique, I have not seen anyone with a bag like this. and the material is very good and tough. I love all the compartments that have", "As long as my son is happy I'm happy.It looks bigger in the picture.My son is 16 300lbs 6'2'' tall.", "Great productChanged my podium standing from a consistent third to firsts and secondsI consider that great valueThank you", "They are light and comfortable and they improved my start times. I am now a cheetah with bright blue feet.", "I bought this for my husband and he loved the fit and color. I also received before estimated date too.", "Nike Element Thermal Half-Zip Long Sleeve Running Top - Large -got it for a xmas gift  they seem to like it", "These shoes have an amazing cushion which takes off the pressure on the feet and helps you enjoy your run/workout or simply walk to be awesome.I have had all kinds of running shoes in the past, but these are the BEST ever!! I am just about to buy another pair.I just wished, they were also available in ALL black. Nike - are you listening ?", "I bought these shoes in a Nike outlet in my area with a much friendlier price than that on Amazon (20 bucks cheaper maybe, if I remember correctly). It's been a year, and they are still solid and firm with regular use. A very durable pair of shoes. These are my first running shoes after I decided to go jogging regularly. I go jogging three times a week, 3-4 miles each time. Apparently its great cushion and light weight make jogging not a tiring job for the knee and the feet. The most impressive feature about these shoes is their great shock-absorption. You can feel it at the instant when you step onto the ground. The pressure that is supposed to reflect on the knees is not that strong as expected. Plus the shoes are light. So it reduces the fatigue in a way that is perceptible. I recommend it to anyone who would like to start jogging.", "They are actually better then i expected they fit awesome and the material they was made of i mean these were just awesome and my style the way i dress they put in work got the job done when i got home", "I wear a size 9 man I freakin love the shoes and everything else I brought off amazon I will use this web page to get more items very very soon", "Excellent transaction! Will do business again.Too bad these shoes are rare to find. Wish i had more options to purchase more.", "great shoes but run too small..i would order at least half size bigger&#8230;i really liked them but had to return..", "I bought this shoe to use on the treadmill so I'm not risking getting outside dirt in the works and messing it up. As with the Saucony Outlaws I got this shoe fits great, has lots of padding, a great tread that can handle the street and the trail and is a high top to provide that needed ankle support. I like this shoe so much I'm thinking of getting another pair to wear as a regular daily shoe to pair up with blue jeans.", "I like it. The color is good it fits well. I also like the softness of the material. It is very comfortable to use.", "My son-in-law, an avid golfer, loves these shirts, and wore it the day after he received it...his good luck shirts.", "This was a shirt for an anniversary gift for my husband. It fits him perfectly and he loves his new shirt!", "Polo is wonderful.  I have bought several of these for my husband and they wash and wear very well.  These are the only polo's he will wear anymore.", "The feel of the material and the fit was not as good as I was expecting considering the price paid for it.", "I give this shirt 5 stars for a few reasons.  One being the absolutely beautiful blue color.  It is gorgeous and I think even more striking in person than pictured.  The fit is smack dab perfect.  It washes up beautifully and comes out of the dryer without wrinkles.  My husband loves that the fabric is light, breathes and therefore keeps him cool on the golf course.  Very nice indeed!  Highly recommended!", "Consistent Fit, Excellent Quality, Good Price, delivered timely.  Will buy again, in a different color of course.  Be confident in this purchase.", "Washes well..fits perfect, true to size no extra room. Great fabric for travelling. No ironing needed great color and bi ld white trim.", "The shirt is very nice, light-weight well constructed and the seams give it the right amount of style and if your guy has nice abs it will be great. My hubby has a little tummy which raises the shirt :-)  Iif you have a lil tummy consider an XLT so it doesn't look short.", "The shirts fits very well and the material is very comfortable. Good to wear even on a hot humid day.", "I have purchased Nike clothing for many years and this is no different in quality and fit with the other products.  The best part is that my wife likes ease of care along with the fact that she said that you do have to look good on the golf course.", "these are so sweet love these shorts.", "I did not like the shoe initially because it was a bit tight - I couldn't wear for over 1 hour. But after breaking in, it has become very comfortable and I can were it through out the day. I know it is a basketball shoe but I use it to play tennis. It feels light and strong at the same time. I did not think it was a beautiful shoe  but I receive a lot of compliments wherever I go so I guess it is a nice looking shoe. It's a bit expensive, IMO.", "The Jacket was purchased for my 26 year old son and he loved it!  The shipping took almost 2 weeks longer then stated and since it was a birthday gift, it was a bummer to not have it on his birthday.", "I ordered this jacket for my runs in the morning as its nice and bright and very comfortable. I ordered an XL cause I usually wear layers when running. If you like a more fitted look I'd suggest and large. good material and quality and comfort. The seller was great and got the jacket really fast. I'd definitely order from them again :)", "The package actually came a day before it's estimated delivery date and I loved that I could track my package since I am so impatient. Fits great! I got a size 6.5 and it's true to size and so are the colors. The laces was already tied when I opened the box so I had to loosen them a bit before I could put them on, but not to bad.I would recommend these shoes and the seller was fast and amazing!", "They are sweet!", "Love these flip flops!!!", "This is by far the most comfortable flip flop EVER made!!!!! I had to buy 2 more pair, since it is my shoe of choice almost every day from May to Sept!!!!", "So perfect that I bought another pair for myself and my daughter!!! Comforatable and really protects the bottom of your feet.", "I liked them at first, and i tried to wear them but i wasn't comfortable with those shoes, so i had to sell them. However, everything came just as expected.", "Snug fit. Great support. Love them. Worth the money. All black color scheme looks great. Get yourself a pair. THE BEST!", "Bought these for my grandson that is HARD ON SHOES as a teenager.  These shoes are still in great shape.  Very durable and nice looking as well.  I would recommend these shoes and will be buying them again....", "The shoes are great, wish there was notice they came from the UK before ordering though. Needed to have them shipped sooner and would have chosen a different vendor if I had known.", "just what my husband expected ... he did not expect the red in the sneakers to be so bright but he loved it", "I bought these shoes for my boyfriend and he said they fit very nicely on him and he likes them a lot.", "Ok, so lets say at you have a scale of 1-10 on how great these sneakers are. I would give these shoes a 10 out of 10 because they are nice", "Love the packaging, the color and it was a fast turn-around from purchase to delivery.  Although I wish there were more color options I am glad I picked the blue and white.", "I like it very much. Color is so unique. It attracts eyeballs trust me. Its pricy, but worth it honestly", "i like this shoes cause are beautiful i really love it and i recomiendo this shoes for everyone... see you", "i was satisfied when i received these shoes thats why i rated it with 5 stars i would recommend this to every one", "Very well made.  Soft and substantial.  Not a cheap looking or feeling pair of booties.  Hope to find these in many more colors.", "I'm very satisfied that shoes. It's nice and amazing.I hope your business will flourish in the near future.Thank you.", "I didn't buy these shoes to run in the city. I bought these shoes to run the city. They are comfortable, legit, good quality.", "Great comfort. Shoe actually has a &#34;sock like&#34; feel.  Would definitely recommend this shoe for workouts or looks great for casual wear.", "I was excited about this shoe ever since I saw it. finally copped a pair and they looked amazing and was worth every penny that I spent on it. this is a shoe that will turn heads and how the envy of many sneaker heads out there. shipping was very fast but the only negative thing I have to say about the order is that it come in a quite beat up box which I mind very little because the shoe was in great condition. other than the box, this is a must buy for the price for sure!", "Patent leather so it doesnt crease.  Nice color although odd some might say.  Very comfortable but need some wears to break in.  Easy to clean also.  Buy extra if you can.  Authentic merchandise from this seller.", "This is the one thing that bothers me about ordering online. You don't really know what you are buying before you pay (the colors are different, the fit, etc). This hoody was advertised as red but when I received it it was a dark red. It's fine for me because I like the color but if someone else didn't they probably wouldn't be happy & I can understand why.", "My son said it was very comfortable. I have washed it several times and it comes out great every time.", "I was totally surprised with this purchase.  I had not purchased shoes or sneaks online before this pair. These are true to size,  really great looking...and, the most comfortable, lightweight sneaker I  have ever had in my life...  They seem well made and durable.  I am very pleased with this purchase.", "I GOT THESE FOR MY BRO HE LOVED THEM NIKE MAKES A GREAT SHOE HE PLAYS BALL IN THEM EVERY DAY", "I had a pair almost identical to these \"back in the day.\"  I loved them then and I love them now!", "Very nice and well made shoes. Besides being very comfortable, they are also very stylish and durable shoes. I really like them a lot.", "These boots stand up to anything!! I live in Michigan and in the winter time there is salt everywhere from the county's clearing roads and business's clearing sidewalks. These boots a amazing. So sturdy yet so comfortable. Didn't take long to break in. And came with 2 pairs of laces (one red and one black) I chose to use the red for now. I can't explain how well these boots hold up to anything thrown at them!! Amazing!! Nice job nike would definitely recommend to a friend or family member. They are pricey but if you keep an eye out you may find a good deal on them as I did!! Thank you!!!!", "I bought these Forces because I thought they looked cool, but when I received them I fell in love. They are my favorite in my collection", "bought these for my niece for christmasshe just loves nike shox and this pair was just the perfect look for hershe greatly enjoyed them", "My son was thrilled with this jacket.  Its two tone with the back as dark grey.  Would be good to show backview since its so sharp looking.  Unsure why they said it wouldnt be delivered until the 26th since it came within two weeks of ordering it  ( by dec 10). Great gift for any 20 +year old.", "Need more items to sell on website.......thanks .I will be purchasing  the Gary & navy both in the size of large & med", "They are better than i espected them. They look great!! Thet fit great My son loved them!!! he wears them all time", "These are authntic comfortable socks and there's not much really else to say but I love them lolThey aren't super soft like the men's ones but they are nice for small feet :)", "these socks are great, fit snug and are very comfortable  very soft cotton, however, wish more than 3 came in a pack.  I am always washing socks, and I bought 2 packs, but still need more.", "Socks are good quality. My daughter says they are comfortable. Likes the much more than the adidas ones I also purchased.", "This Nike one piece outfit in pink is so cute. Sent it to my daughter-in-law who is an athlete ( and pregnant) and she loved it. It was well made and \"fit the bill\" so to speak.  Hope this review helps!Carolyn", "These were the only socks that I purchased for my son for the winter. They held up through the whole winter which was surprising since they went through a lot of machine washes and a newly mobile toddler. They have been washed and put away for next winter since they were a bit bigger than my son's true foot size. Would recommend these but make sure you purchase the true size. They will still work well but wished I had purchased a true size.", "They came quickly and even cuter than the picture! The colors are actually more vivid and bright and they came with the original box.", "I used a stretcher for a few hours to stretch out the binding rubber around the shoe.It feels good and looks good. Now, I just have to use it a few times to justify its purchsase.", "Good length, however the width is a bit tight. Nice color and good cushion for all points of the foot.", "I have put many miles into these shoes as a runner and have used them everyday for like 6 months or so.  I have used these shoes for everything from running a 10k, to playing volleyball, to cardio training, to basketball, to working long shifts.  My mom bought these shoes for me at Nordstrom for 59-69 dollars (currently priced for 80-90 on amazon).  As someone who has suffered with stress fractures, shin splints, and sprained ankles, I know the importance of a good shoe.  They fit really nice ever since I can remember.  Another think I like about them is they are very waterproof so if you like running in the rain this is a plus.In sum, they are very durable, comfortable, breathable yet waterproof, all around good solid shoe for all surfaces (hence flex trail).  Although I probably will not purchase another pair as I am always switching from one pair to the next, they had a good run and made me believe that Nike can compete with Asics, Brooks, and New Balance in terms of running shoes.  These are right up there with New Balance shoes I have purchased.A few cons: Foot stability can be an issue and I did get shin splints after a lot of consecutive days running.", "cover all my expectationsi liked it so muchis better than of others similar shoesmake the work good", "This being a &#34;relayed&#34; post, because the shoes were bought for my basketball playing grand-daughter, who incidentally wears a women's size 9, just could not find the style of shoe in the women category. She expressed the gratitude in my selection, expressly that the Jordan icon was visible so that her team-mates might recognize, not just a girl &#34;thang&#34;, she sez. The fit was good and the &#34;swag&#34; was admired.", "I'm on my second pair, and had to look hard for them because there are a lot of +3's out there, but not so many +4's.  I don't understand it.  They fit better, and feel more comfortable than any running shoe I've ever had, and I've had a lot of them.  They fit snuggly because they don't have a tongue, so it can't move around. The laces allow you to adjust the snugness with greater accuracy. The cushion is just enough, but not over done.", "GREAT COLOR STYLE, ALL EYES ON ME IN THE STREETS, GOT IT A HEAD OF TIME= NOBODY HAS THIS IN MY HOOD, SO IM ALL GOOD..", "Muito bom Tenis, original e muito bom bonito, chegou no prazo informado, satisfeito e recomendo! Nada a reclamar ento, ok!", "Brazil - Gramado - Rio Grande do SulI love products of nike, comfortable shoes, even with the price a little high, it is simply and beautiful, no extravagant colors that is normally nike, European style.  do not think twice buy it", "Well made, fits true to size and cool on the hottest days.", "Very comfortable and beautiful color", "Love the orange. Great summer color.", "Great fit and very flattering. The only drawback I can see is that it snags easily.  I was not expecting it to have a polyester feel.", "This was a Christmas gift for my son who plays alot of tennis and this watch is an excellent &#34;sports&#34; watch.  It actually looks better in person than online.  I was very pleased and so is he!  Would recommend highly.", "My son loves them. They came on time in a cute pullout white box and they were new in perfect shape and if my son wanted more I would buy it from yall again but he wants different kinds.", "well constructed, light weight and easy to carry", "Nice..good price, well made umbrella.  Great for my golf bag. Looked at a lot of other umbrella before I picked this one.", "For the price you aren't going to find an umbrella this good.  The operating mechanism won't pinch your fingers like the umbrella that you presently own.  This doesn't have the fancy gust flaps on the sides, but my umbrella has been through a couple of significant thunderstorms and was more than fine.", "Love this use for soccer nice and big the color pink is just what like and wanted the size is perfect happy I got this.", "I was looking for a bright yellow umbrella and finally found it!  The sun will shine no matter how many raindrops are falling with this umbrella!", "Can't miss me on the golf course!!!  Matches many of my outfits as well.  Very impressively wind resistant. Bought both for the brand and it's functionality.", "I have the bought these in the past. They work great and look great on the golf course. I will buy again when more colors are available.", "Was a bit skeptical when I read the other review, but I'm happy with my purchase. The item is as described. The shoes are clean, unworn and came in the original shoebox. They fit true to size and are super comfortable to walk in.", "I absolutely love these trendy leopard print Nike ...they are about a half size large however but I'm ok with it...I get MANY compliments on them and I am very pleased overall", "Love these socks that let my son's feet breath.  They seem to b very durable and have held up well.", "It is more comfortable than I expected and the sizing info is very accurate. It looks  exactly like  what you see on the site. Product is awesome . I love the fact that I got a ladies air max with the bubble at the bottom of the shoe always wanted one like that finally got it. The colors looks great .", "I got these as a Christmas present for my 14 yr old daughter & they are so cute! I paid for expedited shipping to ensure delivery before Christmas but I probably didn't have to as they came sooner than I thought they would. Also, there were clear return instructions in the box in case they didn't fit but we're so glad they do! Decent price for Jordans too.", "These shoes are light, comfortable, and they look great!  The shoes are flexible and good for long workouts.  I definitely recommend them.", "I LOVE THESE SNEAKERS!!! I will definitely be ordering another pair very soon if I can get another color that I like. Very comfortable and light weight. Perfect for all the running that I do in the Army.", "I purchased these shoes for my daughter after months of her begging me for them. I'm so happy she is enjoying them.", "Nike Free's are the best shoe anywhere whether you're running walking or just hanging out there is nothing else that fits like Nike Free", "Best shoes for the 'barefoot' runner. The soles move and sepertate with your movements so you can run with your toes and grip the ground. I won't run in anything else!", "I didn't realize when I ordered these shoes that the tongue is sewn in place. I bought them on sale after buying and loving another pair of Nike Free running shoes. The fit is different. I put holes in my socks where my big toe is every time I wear these because they are so hard to get my feet into, it strains the fabric where the pressure of my toe is when I pull these on. Once on, they feel OK to move in, but my socks are pulled too tightly over my foot. It was too late to return them by the time I came to this realization, so I will keep and still occasionally use them; but I don't love them like I do my older pair with a tongue I can lift up to slide my size 10 lady feet into... I still gave 2 stars because I think this line (Nike Free) is wonderful and other runners may not have the issues I do...", "Sneakers came quick and 100% authentic and real!! Wanted them for so long and the price was perfect. These are must haves!!", "My daughter was searching for these shoes for months.  She wanted to make sure the shoes she received was authentic.  To her surprise they were perfect and she wears them quite a bit.", "The product arrived on time and in excellent condition. It was a bit over-priced though as if you even go up 1/2 a size the price literally jumps but becaue these have been sold out a long time I sucked it up and purchased. They are true to size, size 6 fit me great. I absolutely love them and they were worth the money.By the way this is my second pair of Jordans purchased through Sole Place and the condition and service is great! Might order the Jordan Retro 9's Cool Grey's if you still have them thanks guys! :)", "This is a gift for my cousin. She likes it so much! Thanks for your great service. If possible, I will come next time.", "Perfect,  delivered in 2 days! I wear a 8.5 in women the 6.5 in youth fit great.  Wore them all day with no problem", "these are the best sneakers I got in a long to I'm a big Jordan fan but I  want more.", "Shoes are very nice and arrived on time. They just run small, I order a size 5 and I can't wear them for any length of time before my feet start hurting.", "My neice was really happy with the shoes. They met my expectations. Very stylish and she says it's comfortable. So we are both happy.", "I don't know if this is authentic or what but I don't know yet the Time will tell.  But for now I'm hoping that it's real (cross my finger)", "I rate my purchase with 5 stars.  They fit great, arrived early, and I got to re-live a childhood memory.  I'm 29 I had these same sneakers when I was 9.", "Why.... Great customer service, good quality, great price, and fast shipping! I must admit I have always been a little hesitant with these types of purchases, but this particular company put me at ease. I will definitely be making several others purchases with them... When my GS size becomes available :) thank you again and I look forward to doing business with you again.", "I am very happy with my purchase.Everything was perfect down to the T.These shoes are the real deal.I have a lot of Jordan's so I checked them out closely and this are awesome.Thanks for having these shoes for me cause I always wanted them..", "Love it my first Jordan's and I love it just so much money for this  but I love it  so much", "these nike air max shoes was a christmas gift for my son.they fit very well.he really likes the fit and the style..he works out alot so this shoe is perfect for his needs.nike has always been his favorite athletic shoe. once again thanks amazon.", "love it ,Nike Men's NIKE AIR MAX FLYPOSITE TRAINING SHOES 9.5 Men US (ANTHRCT...,its perfect,see you soon ,i want a run shoes", "Gotta love shoes that look like smurfs!Great playing shoe that has turned into my bar shoe.I have wide feet and fit very snugly .", "wore a few weeks to loosen up.part was just what I ordered and fit was great. had very good insoles would order again shipping was fast.", "It looks very nice, but I used it just for 3-4 months and I had to buy a new one, I took a risk to buy it in cheap but I lost my money actually", "I love love love my jacket. It fits me exactly how I like it to and it is so comfortable. Im so happy I found this jacket.", "Standing in the crowd is something else from standing above the crowd. These Nike are among the best chukkas any young guy can stand out in. They are uniquely structured and fit perfect. They are very light and it might give you a tendency to run. Overall, they are sturdy shoes and fit for the price.Shipping was great and they arrived on time.", "Another pair of my son favorite shoes,,,he likes these too, he loves the color and they are good for sports", "My grandson requested cool tennis shoes for Christmas and these are the ones I picked out.  According to him I'm the BEST!!!", "What can I say, I love dunk highs. They look good with almost anything. Own several pair. True to size.", "I love Nike element half zips and this one did not disappoint! It is comfortable, fits nicely, and was a great price!", "The Nike Lacrosse sweatshirt is perfect! Came a day earlier than predicted & is high quality!  It is easy to clean & the sizing was as noted!", "Good fit", "I liked being able to located solid color Airforce 1's but had to purchase in men size which is 1 & 1/2 size smaller.  These were true to size and I love them.  Thanks,", "These Tec Tuf editions are made with high quality in mind. I just received them today but I can tell the difference between these and the regular Air Force 1's. True to size fit. Very comfortable.", "They arrived quickly and the shoes are as advertised.  They are good quality. Just wish they were made in America.", "Very stylish and fits will. surprisingly more durable then you think. The color is also a deep nice red. Highly recommended. +fast shipping :) thanks", "it fits a bit smaller then usual, but other then that, I think its great. love the colors, I recommend this shoe!", "Great comfortable shoe for basketball, fits and performs well right out of the box. I have no complaints with this product.", "Its funny how I wear sizes 11, but I had to get a size 11.5 but this is nice fits perfectly feels comfortable and not tight besides it looks fresh", "bought these for my son! his second pair, he loves the colors and the fit is superb! he wears them all the time!", "I'm very happy with this shoes, have a nice traction, fit excellent to my foot, the ankle support is excellent. Very comfortable.", "This is a great shoe, however, I cheated and tried it out in the store first to know what size I need. They are a bit hard to get into, however, once on the foot, they feel great.", "Great shoes, super fast shipping!!", "wine & cranberry.  nice comborins a bit smalli got mine in a size 9 , but wouldve gotten 9", "I am a loyal Nike fan and typically wear a medium.  The mid-section was a bit tighter than I like, but the side panels have enough shirring that it doesn't look skin-tight. Perfect sleeve and body length. The dusty purple is a nice alternative to the current neon trend. This top is definitely for cooler weather-its thicker and has a nice fuzzy lining.", "I have Jordans which I did not want to ruin playing on a cement court. I saw these for a crazy clearance price when looking for cheap basketball shoes and had to get them. Best BBall performance shoes I have ever owned; not to mention they look real nice as well.", "These are good looking shoes and my son loves them...I would have given a 5 star rating if they ran true to size but, they do run about a size bigger.", "My son LOVES these shoes, he was very excited to receive them.  They are well made and stand up to a teenager wearing them!", "I bought these shoes to work out in . They fit great and offer support in the gym. I play basket ball in them , they are a little heavy but I've also ran in them. No matter where i go they turn heads ... one of my best amazon clothes purchases", "The 13 year old that I got these for loved them. His classmates thought they were cool-He wore them every day to school.", "These are so cute. They feel nice and soft - stretchy material. Found these while looking for white booties that would go with any outfit. They are just as pictured.", "my daughter will not take these boots off!  these are perfect winter and rain boots and keep her feet very dry.  she says they are very warm but i like the durability of the boot the most. these are very sturdy.  Cute boot for girls but run just a bit big.  we definitely get our moneys worth out of them!", "was very happy with the way the shoe fit looks great the service was even better arrived on time like the add said was very surprised about that most places say these things but never are on time i look forward to future products i would like to order thank you for the great service", "All around good shoe to consider.  It's true to size, and fit my budget.  Can't go wrong with Nike products.", "Looks great, stands out without needing some crazy color.  super comfortable and still works with a nice collared shirt for a more dressed up look", "I would have to say I'm pleased with the sunglasses. They're pretty expensive but they are namebrand Nikes so I guess that kind of goes with the territory. I use these for running and they do seem to keep the wind out of my eyes pretty well.", "They are as good as advertised. Polarized lenses work great. Very comfortable and the vented nose piece is probably the best fit i have ever had on sunglasses. Lenses are interchangeable which is extremely useful if you scratch or break them. Only thing is in the item description it says black/black when in reality they are red/black, still looks great though.", "I bought these for my teenage son.  I guess it is all the rage is to layer Nike crew sock.  This sock gives the layered look without having to wear more then one pair.", "my husband loves these socks there are everything in a sock that he could have wanted WILL BUY MORE SOON!!!!", "My husband likes to play bball a couple nights a week at a local men's league. A couple of his buddies got Jordan's and it was like 3rd grade all over again. I was not about to pay $130 for a pair of shoes, even though he swore &#34;they make you jump higher&#34;. Whatever, Macklemore. But I did find these for a pretty sweet deal, so I bought them for a surprise. He loves them. He struts around all over town in them. Says they required absolutely no break-in time. I don't know if they are as great as he claims, but it fulfills his grade school fantasies of basketball greatness. I guess that's worth $8o (I used some Amazon rewards points, I think they were originally $90). Wife Happy", "I am so loving my new shoes! The purple color is just as shown in the picture, and the shoes are really comfortable and true to size. Now I want to get a red pair too!", "I get a lot of compliments with these shoes. They have really nice fabric and the color combination is fantastic. It feels great when I wear these shoes. It is made by Nike so it is a good brand.", "Bought these sneakers for my son to wear to work in a casual workplace.  They look perfect with khakis and are very comfortable.  They fit well and are true to size.", "shoes fit great but are a little too stiff.  They look great but are not that comfortable.  If you are looking for a comfortable walking shoe these are not it.  If you are looking for a cool, great looking shoe these are it.  I have no idea if they work for boarding because I don't board!  But I am assuming that is why they are stiff.", "This is a good pair of sneakers. These are great for basket ball. They are also a laddie magnet !", "came early look great just havent been able to be worn yet otherwise very happy with them was very shocked they came so early too", "I try to be minimalistic in my wallet and have &#34;sat&#34; on a wallet for 26 years before complaining to my wife I wanted a front pocket wallet. I have 3-4 &#34;cards&#34; in this wallet and the essentials (bank info, insurance cards, etc.). I would only give it 4 stars due to the lack of much space in the middle for cash or checks (maybe 5 bills folded in half max) but because I rarely carry cash it fits my needs perfectly. I wear this in my front jeans pocket or kakhi's at work in all different brands and it fits just fine. The cards can come loose a bit at times, but I've never had an issue with anything falling out yet. Great Christmas gift and +1 to the wife for helping my butt/back.", "it is everything it is billed to be.  Slim, light, lots of pockets for a small item and it looks good.", "Great small size wallet, folds into three compartments hold lots of cards and doesn't take up much space.  Soft and smooth texture.  Had to pay 11 to clear it at the post office.", "Ordered a tri- fold but received a Bi- fold, but that's ok, you get it right most of the time...", "Great fit, great fabric, flattering fit. They wash well, also. I will definitely buy more of these. Worth the money.", "This is my 2nd pair. I originally bought from a competitor that was on sale. Went to purchase a second pair and they ran out. I was so happy that I could find a second pair. They are so comfortable to workout in. I do not like a snug fit so this was perfect. I usually wear a size 2-4 but do not have slim legs.", "These are by far one of my favorite pair of work out shoes!  They do slip a bit on the wood floor in the work out room, but I will take the slipperiness for how comfortable they are!", "I have about 6 pairs of Nike Free Runs and as they are not going to be making the +2 version anymore I was quick to order these. They run much wider than the newer versions of free runners and are very comfortable. Not great support wise but very cute.  The grey is a little darker than how it looks in the picutre though..", "Daughter loves. Good deal!", "Wish I could buy a few more pairs. Great shorts, very comfy and lots of pockets. You won't regret buying them.", "I got these shoes for my dad for Christmas because he's such a sneaker head lolz he loves them :)", "I bought these shoes for my sister. She raves about how comfortable they are. She has even recommended I buy myself a pair...", "Olive green is one of my favorite colors, and the shoe is so comfortable. If you like nike's and want a cute pair of shoes that give a bit of height I highly recommend!", "Love these.  They're comfortable, and surprisingly stylish for being primarily black.  The lighter color on top gives them more of a loafer look.", "He wears them more than I anticipated. The purple (school color) is vibrant but not overbearing. He says they're very comfortable. And great for the snow!", "I love these very dope last of a dyin breed.they pretty much look like them eighty nine mjs.go brooklyn.I live in the three o five dough.", "I owned the original Woodside boots from Nike and loved their low-key appearance and warmth. One thing I wished for was better traction on ice and snow because the soles were a bit too sneaker-like. Woodside II delivers on this and provides slightly more aggressive soles. These still aren't full-on winter boots like Sorels et al but with the improvement on an already great design, it only gets better.I have wide (EE) feet so I wear these 1 full size larger than my usual size and they fit well - thicker wool socks and all. Love the Woodside IIs.", "These boots are cool, really comfortable and nice looking cause of the all leather. Doesn't really help that I'm a nike fanatic.", "Shoes fill great and as expected.  Went right to the court and havent looked back. Great purchase and great grip on the court", "This shoe would have been perfect if the wearer didn't have such narrow and long feet.  She was happy with it so as the buyer I am happy with the  shoes.", "The color and the shape is really good.Love those tiny little dots on both sides of the shoes.Love it love it love it.", "Love because they look great and are really light and comfortablegraet for running or step and pump classeshave another pair at home", "&#34;I really wanted these shoes and was upset that they were sold out in every store so I came to amazon and found them for the exact same price! I placed the order quickly cause I had to have these shoes, they came fast I took them out the box and fell even more in love with them! they fit great and look awesome. I am very pleased I decided to buy them.&#34;", "These shoes are even better than I hoped for. They look awesome and might be the most comfortable shoe, I ever purchased. The size fit is accuate, my 11 fits like a true size 11. Mostly used when I workout, not to durable far as the shoe grip goes so dont plan to play active sports if you want the shoe to last.  Got alot of complements so far.", "Great, 5/5. Quick shipping, perfect fit. Great support, only downside is they take a little bit of time to put on, but great shoes overall.", "Wow, these shoes are the BEST!!! I have flat feet and they make my feet feel great. They fit really good, they are lighter than I expected. So, so comfortable I wish I could wear them to work! I wear them with jeans and get compliments all day long. Worth the price!!!", "Great shoes, match my uniform and very comfortable on the court. I have other pairs also. But these are my main ones.", "nice shoes but bottom of the shoe turns piss yellow quickly. i recomend you dont wear it outside at all", "Great look awesome fit color red is eye popping u will stand out nice and warm perfect for fall what are u waiting for get one will not disappoint.", "I have so many different out fits that match these sneakers its not even funny so im ver satisfied  to see these kicks.", "It's a nice shoe, fits really nicely looks as presented but the leather seems a bit cheaply made, just my opinion.", "My husband is recovering from surgery for a torn Achilles tendon. The physical therapist recommended a shoe with good ankle support and traction. This shoe fit the bill perfectly.", "Very nice! My son was pleased with his choice, even though I was a little surprised he chose this color, I didn't even know it existed for some reason or I would have gotten me some. He says they fit very well, very comfy, easy to clean, and he recommends them to anyone!", "these socks were to small for my child, but I passed on to my nephew and they fit perfect. Fast shipping", "My son loves these -- gives him confidence as he plays basketball in a league.  A bit pricey, but really made him happy", "Very comfortable. Love the color. Nice shipping time. Glad I bought these. I get compliments on them all the time. Nice snug fit.", "great fitting shoe, just has that squishy sound after bein worn already. Id definitely recommend them for others to buy.", "my daughter begggggged for these for Christmas and when she got them she was so happy . She saidthere are her favorites!", "I bough these for my 12 yr old son who is a huge KD & Nike fan. he loves them! He plays competitive basketball as well as street ball. He usually only wears them for competitive games - & he loves them!", "This shoe fits so well and is very comfortable.  I have neuropathy and this shoe works better than any I have found so far.  I do feel like I am walking on air and I wear them most of the time.  I'm about ready to buy another pair.", "My 13 year old son loves these sneakers! They look great too! He goes through sneakers very quickly but has had these for the longest. Great quality !", "this shoe is awsome it has style and is the best  basketball shoe i have ever worn. i reccomend this product", "I love this shoe it really serves the purpose that it is intended for the use.  I really really like it", "nice design and fit my foot as i expect, i love the coclor and it is cheaper than what i think", "I have worn Vomeros for about 3 years. I found that they are a great shoe for a neutral runner who wants some amoint of cushioning, I am glad I bought this latest pair through Amazon. Their vendor was right on as far as shipping quickly. That is definitely a 5 star review.", "Perfect fit! I have been running in Vomeros for 7 years and can't find any other shoe that can compare!", "I love my new trail shoes. The tongue of the shoe was a little different to get used to but it's great and stays in place. The heel is my favorite feature of this new shoe. I have great traction and it almost feels like cleats/spikes in the heel-once my foot lands i feel pretty solid.  The mesh in the front of the shoe makes it very breathable. The sizing is a true fit. It took me a few runs to find the perfect sock for this shoe but now i'm in love with this new addition to my Nike family.", "True to size. Soft feel with flexible sole. One of the best shoes Nike has produced. I absolutely love them.", "This Nike is very comfortable and it fits as expected from the sizing charts provided. If u like to run this will be great for u.", "One of the better pair of running shoes I've ever purchased. They feel incredible and that's all you can really ask for from a shoe. I'm on 140km with them and may replace them with the same model when the time comes.", "Second pair because they are that good! I like having these in the wings for when my current ones wear out.", "It's good!", "My husband loves these shoes. He says that they are very comfortable and provide excellent protection against pounding on the pavement.They also give great support.", "Best price I have ever seen in any store, better price than Zapos, and better price than on Nike.store on sale!!!Ordered on a Tuesday and received on Friday. I've been wearing Nike Air Pegasus for about 5 years now, so this is my first pair of the latest model '30'. I haven't run yet but tried them on as soon as they came and have compared them to my current pair of Air Pegasus 29, and I'm sure I won't miss a beat with my 20 mi + per week running regiment.I don't think I will even bother shopping around next time and I will go straight to Amazon when I'm ready for my next pair, in fact I'm going to order another right now while they still have my size at this great price!!!", "I had a pair of Pegasus 28s that I put about 650 miles into, as well as one half-marathon, and one full, so I figured I'd stick with what worked. The Pegasus aren't as light as other Nike sneakers - particularly the Flyknits - but they do provide good support and relatively low weight. They seem to offer a bit more heel support than my previous pair of 28s, too.The design is pretty eye-catching, which is a nice perk. As with all running shoes, it really comes down to personal preference. I found that Nikes work for me, but I'd recommend trying before buying.", "I love these shoes!!! They are wonderful!!! Previously I had trouble running because I have shin splints, the pain from running was too much to deal with so I just gave up. With these shoes though the support and cushion is so good that I am able to run again!!! I highly recommend these shoes to anyone looking for that extra support and padding!", "These are best, most comfortable jogging shoes I've ever owned. I even bought a 2nd pair for when these wear out.", "They are even more comfortable then I expected.  No complaints.  I will soon buy another pair of Nike's in a different color.", "It's a wonderful shoe, I bought for using at the gym an it couldn't be better, I thought the color would have been to bright but. Not , it's perfect !", "Usually training for half marathons and running in NBs, but for longer runs, I wanted to try shoes because of their historic popularity and because I wanted something with more cushion.  This is a good shoe for longer runs, but not as fast and light as my NBs.  I've only run in these a handful of times and need to break them in a bit more, but already have been through 4 and 5 miles with these.Be mindful...", "These shoes are both good looking and comfortable. They came quickly after ordering and the price was reasonable. The variety to choose from is so much greater than trekking through many stores. I don&#34;t have the time or patience for that!", "This shoe is very light and very comfortable.  It is great to run in and use it for workouts like Shaun T25 or PX90.", "great shoe, everything you would expect in a top quality nike. I have two pair now and looking to buy more.", "very nice shoes in these first days that I'm using them.  Definitlely to be recommended for runners needing cushioning and flexibility", "It's an Air Pegasus.  They have been making shoes with this name for a long time.  I have bought them three times and they have always treated me well.  Very comfortable and a little on the soft side, but still supportive.  I have high arches and a wide foot and they are perfect for me.", "I have been running in pegasus'  for 30 years.  I like that it is consistently designed to always have the same fit and properties, meaning that I can purchase it online without worrying it won't work out.", "Fairly comfortable. I think the shoes will be fine. Hopefully they will stretch a bit as they are narrow for my foot.", "I had a pair of the Pegasus +29 and really liked how they fit and held up during my first marathon so I just bought these to carry me through my second!", "LOVE IT. WILL BE ORDERING MORE ONCE THERE ARE OTHER COLORS AVAILABLE. I AM TRULY HAPPY WITH THIS PURCHASE. I TOTALLY RECOMMEND .", "I'm a 185lb beginning runner and run about 12-15 miles a week.  This is an excellent versatile shoe for roads and trails.  Perfect coushining, stability, and agility needed for my distance.  I liked the 28 version so much I purchased this years model and have not been disappointed.  Excellent fit for normal to wide feet and great arch support.  Toe box is wide enough to allow your toes to &#34;dig in&#34; for some torque.  I know what my standard trainer will be for next year also.", "Fit and cushion expected Excellent!!", "I love Nike Pegasus I feel like I'm walking on clouds, they are very comfortable. I am a big women so I buy mens shoes.They where worth every penny.", "Air Pegasus are very good neutral running shoes.  They provide stability, but enough flexibility to keep you from developing injuries.  The mesh upper area keeps your feet cool and makes the shoes lightweight.  The shoes are very durable and hold up well for hundreds of miles of comfortable running.", "Light, great color and fresh. Great feel and superior cushioning. A really good shoe just what I expected. Would buy again", "I run track and xc and these shoes take a beating. This will be my 4th pair. Theyre perfect for long distance runs, but not for sprinting. They look sweet too.", "Adidas or Saucony used to be my first choice for Running Shoes. Both had recently disappointed in regards to the upper mesh quality. I decided to give the Pegasus 30 a try since it had a very good review on Runners World (Best buy).I don't have a narrow \"Nike-foot\" but the fit of the Pegasus is perfect for me.The neutral cushioning is just right: Comfortable for long runs but not mushy.The quality is excellent and the shoe looks like new after 400 miles.I just bought a second waterproof pair (w/ Shield).", "I have always been a Nike man and this is another winner from Nike. It looks great and fits perfectly.", "What a great product. Fits perfect and i already have several months going to the gym and running with no problem at all.", "WAS  AND IS A GREAT DEAL SHOES ARE WPRN DAILY BY RECEIPENT.  I  AM CONSTANTLY LOOKING FOR DEALS LIKE THIS", "If you like running or just walk a lot, you will love this shoe.  The sole has such a nice cushion and they are so comfortable.", "I bought the sneakers for walking, not for running. I figured if there good for running, they will be great for walking, which they are. They are light, roomy and your feet stay cool.", "Great shoe. Well made and very comfy. Was recommended for those who supinate.  I am not a runner, but walk many mile daily.  A keeper.", "Very comfortable, great price, fit as expected, perfect for running. I seriously recommend this article. The sole has somewhat great cushioning.", "Very comfortable. I am wearing this shoe every where, not just in the gym. I've got a lot of compliments on it.", "The feel big and bulky; but them don&#8217;t feel like that when you start running. They feel light, comfortable and sturdy protect your feet/", "this sneaker offers maximum support for me - a supinator recovering from sore achilles tendon. trail running is fun again.", "Love these shoes.  Perfect amount of support and cushion.  I have a really high arch and I can actually wear these all day after my workout, if needed.  Runs a little small (or maybe it's my thick socks?) so go up 1/2 size.  Great shoes!  Love the colors too.", "I'm normally a 6.5, I ordered a 7 and they fit perfect, however a 7.5 might be a better fit. I do like that they are more wide than narrow.", "They all said to get a 1/ 2 larger and they were spot on!The shoes are awesome. i am a life long fan of Nike, having had some pairs for well over a decade and these do not disappoint.", "look much nicer on the photo. When they arrived I was disappointed.They look kind of bulky on the foot. Send them back.", "Bought these trail shoes because they are built on the Nike Free last and have been road running in Nike Frees for years. They are awesome trail shoes, giving you lots of support without too much bulk or weight. Feel similar to the Nike Free except with added support. And the color is cute but doesn't show much trail dirt. Will definitely reorder when they wear out.", "My husband saw these while we were shopping but the store did not have his size.  We came home and I ordered them from Amazon.  They are very nice shoes, just like the ones in the store and fit very true to size.", "This is a great shoe. It is light weight, comfortable, and seems sturdy. I am very happy with this purchase so far.", "Have yet to run in them but they fit great, nice arch support and are super light. Plus the fabric is very porous which will provide good air flow.", "Of course Nike Quality is there,  they are lightweight and very comfortable. Excellent support in the foot bed !", "I had bought these Nike's as a replacement for my Nike Free Run's 3.0, for better support. Reviews were mostly positive, however, when I received, my left foot fit perfectly, while my right foot was tight and uncomfortable. Never experienced this before, and must be some sort of manufacturing tolerance they allow between left and right. Anyway, my sons keep telling me I first need to break them in, which is what I'm doing right now. Feels better after a couple days, and ok enough for me to keep them, but I did not expect this. Overall the shoes are good, but not as comfortable as my Free Run's 3.0. Better support for my feet. Took them out on a couple runs, but still trying to break through the tight right foot.", "These fit very well and are very light. Great shoe for working on your feet! Will buy Nike again for sure", "They are wicked comfortable, like walking on air, and the colors are bright and the black and white detail is just right.", "this was a great buy, i actually bought these shoes for my boyfriend and was concerned that they wouldn't fit him, but they did and he loves them....totally recommend anyone who's thinking of buying them to get them.", "The fit of these sneakers are perfect I have trouble buying sneaker and these are the best in sometime I gave purchased Thanks. Do you have any coupon codes for Amazon I am constantly purchasing from Amazon but never can acquire a coupon code", "I've had these shoes for about 3 weeks now. They fit as expected and have been very comfortable. The cushioning in the shoe is very easy on my feet when running, playing basketball, or doing physical activities in general. I will update in a few months with how the shoe holds up to extended use, but for now, I am very happy with it.", "I like the color and the feeling when I wear this Red Shoes. Weight is perfect and doesn't make my feet or legs feeling any pain wearing in a 12 hours shift working. I received lots of compliments from my coworkers and patients, they just love looking my shoes.I will be buying again other colors with this model soon. The red is a star everywhere I go. Just love the feeling wearing this shoes every time.Highly recommend to everyone who loves fashion and comfort. Wearing this shoes for work, just for casual, and for working out, is also great and one of the best in it's kind. Try this model and you will love it, guaranteed.", "Because these shoes are amazing! They feel like walking on heaven thats why I am so pleased...highly recommended! Colorful and confortable.", "I haven't had any issues with this shoe so far...it fits just fine and is comfortable for working out (that's all I use it for, not every day wearing).  The material is soft and flexible and it seems to be holding up after many months.", "it is nike so don't need questions, fits ok and the color is cool, it arrived in the right date and I recommend it", "I bought this for my 10yr old son. He loves them.  He says they're comfortable and they look just like the picture.", "Light and bright. Very comfortable.  Shipped quickly.  Took a little while to get due to USPS. Fit as expected.  Will buy more.", "Received ahead of schedule and fits perfectly, once again my expectations are surpassed!  I highly recommend these shoes to anyone interested in having comfortable feet!", "I was leery of purchasing this Nike. Most Nike's are way too narrow for me. This one looked wider than normal for a Nike. It fits very well and very comfortable to walk in.", "I have come to find that Nike running shoes fit my foot perfectly.  I love the consistency in their product line so that I can depend on all shoes in my size from Nike fitting, every time.These are great, light shoes that fit and function just fine.  The price is hard to beat for a Nike shoe.  The Nike logo is a decal, which I'm not a big fan of, but for the price I can't complain.", "I love this shoes, the are perfect for running. Pretty nice color. I loved these shoes, they are perfect for running, the foot can sweat properly.", "I run about 3 miles daily and this shoes are very comfortable, it fit very good, and very light", "Long time since I have had Nike sneakers and now I can't remember why I didn't have them. Very comfortable and still good for day to day wear as well as running. Great shoe.", "My son loves these sneakers. He is 9 years old with a men's size 8 foot and it is hard to find shoes that are high quality and don't cost over $100! These were a great price and fit him perfectly. We measured his foot on the Nike website and the instructions were obviously correct to get a great fit with a little extra room for growth.", "gave that rating because i bought these for my boyfriend for christmas and that is how many stars he said he would give it.", "I ordered these trainers for my husband who is 6'5&#34; and so has large wide feet.  They were a good fit and he has no complaints.", "I got these as a gift for my boyfriend, he loves them. They are stylish and fit perfectly! U can't beat the price either!", "I didn't buy these off of amazon, but I do own a pair. These shoes are light, but still provide some stability. They are quite comfy. Definitely recommend", "Great shoe, comfortable, great to go running in. Must buy this shoe you regret it and it's nt a waste of money", "Im sure that you can  find with this shoes running the confort and the best feel running sport shoes are excelent choise.", "as light as can be but still feel very sturdy.  very good product and i recommend them to any runner", "Bought as a present for my husband and i was worried how they would fit. He was very happy when he saw them and he said they are also very comfortable. I am very happy with my purchase.", "Fit great, well ventilated, durable, and I even like the way they look. I'm usually around a 12 1/2, but the size 13 fits perfect.", "goood ,,fit well and comfortable,, nice colors and expect more than this ,, i use them for run and they nice", "over all everything is great very comfortable. affordable and timely. only wish there was more selection on sizes and width.", "Had some issues with the shipping/receiving of this product. Their CS was on top of the matter and was able to get to the bottom of this. Ultimately my bf got his shoes are in love with them! Thanks!", "RUNS SMALL. I ALREADY NEW IT DID SO I ORDERED THE NEXT SIZE UP. PERFECT FIT AND COMFORTABLE", "I like this product as where it is light and is perfect to when I play sports, loves the design etc.", "I use this sneakers running outdoors and exercising at the gym. They are light, with cushion and support. I love them!", "I am &#8220;hobby runner&#8221; who is usually running at the gym, but I also wanted to get a pair of shoe that I could use outside once the weather gets better. While there are so many different options for outside and inside running, I am only using these shoes a few times a week, so I really couldn&#8217;t justify getting several pairs of shoes. Since my ankles are rather weak- I broke the twice- I really wanted to get a pair that is cushioned, flexible, yet stabilizes my feet while running, so I don&#8217;t get hurt. Its also very light which is a plus.I heard that its not the best fit if you are looking something for long distance, but if you are not planning to get something to run a marathon, but to have a real good pair to keep fit whenever and wherever you are, I really recommend it, I absolutely love them!Oh, and as a girl I also love that its not only nice to wear but looks pretty too :)", "Product came as described, thanks! I have high arching feet so these sneakers were perfect for my type of foot.", "Great for running the trails and streets . Feels very comfortable after you break them in . Worth it for the price !", "This product is of good quality.  I would definitely recommend .  Like the fit and the price.  Prefer Nike in sport shoes.", "Love the shoes - perfect fit and amazing comfort level. Plus the black/gray/white color combination is subtle enough I can wear these with a variety of outfits, even if they stray a bit away from traditional work-out gear. Can't recommend highly enough - my sister and mother each now own a pair, too!", "I Love them!!!! They fit true to size. Favorite of all my running shoes. Would recommend to all. Great shoe.", "These shoes are very light and comfortable and i get a lot of compliments on them wherever i go. Great Purchase!", "I have wide feet with narrower ankles and a neutral foot strike.  The Air Pegasus is comfortable, well cushioned, with a great fit.  My previous pair was the +29.  The +30 fit a little better through the forefoot which make for a much more comfortable run.  When these wear out I plan to order them again.", "Beautiful and comfortable. I definitely recommend this product. Fit as expected. It is good for jogging and also for walking.", "Fit well comfortable great arch support and lovethe look.  I would recommend them and have to all my friends and family", "I just love, love these sneakers. The fit is great, the comfort is excellent, I would recommend these sneakers to All the Ladies", "As an underpronator, I'm generally told to look for a running shoe that is cushioned, flexible, and has arch support but no stability features. The cushion is to offset the fact that my foot is rather rigid (which is why it doesn't roll in to the neutral position). I need impact to be absorbed, so I don't hurt myself. The flexibility is to encourage my foot to roll inward in much as it is willing to do so. And the arch support reduces the affect of impact on my arch, and as a result helps me avoid plantar fasciitis (which I have suffered from in the past).This shoe meets all the above criteria. Despite being incredibly well cushioned, it somehow also manages to be flexible in the forefoot. The middle section of the shoe wraps my foot snugly, lending arch support. I feel both secure and comfortable in this shoe. Also, this shoe is lighter than some other cushioned shoes I've tried. In short, I love it!Sizing note: My non-running shoes are all 8-8.5. My running shoes are generally size 9. I need a 9.5 in these, to get the roominess that is recommended for when feet swell during running.", "Have a pair already and use them for work . They are so comfortable i had to get another pair.", "These shoes fit PERFECTLY. It honestly feels like I'm wearing nothing at all. Walking on &#34;air&#34; so to speak. Even my posture feels better. I love running in them. Not to mention, they are super stylish :) I'm planning on buying another pair in another color.", "There are a little smaller than I expected but I can still wear them. They are comfortable.I have had more complements on how great they look. I have to admit that they are myfavorite colors!", "I bought these shoes for my 13 year old daughter because she needed new athletic shoes.  She loves them!  They fit great and are ultra comfortable for her - a great find!", "Love them now on ording from u now, don't see people wearing them love being different see u next school yr.", "Not only do they look great but they really are comfortable. Yes they are pricey but you pay for quality and style. I have had several people at the gym ask me where I bought my shoes.", "Love them! So glad I decided to get them, they are comfortable and cute! They were also a reasonable price!", "These shoes are super comfortable! They are affordable and they are extremely light. I have purchased Nike AirMax in the past and I prefer these over the nike AirMax and the price is even better. The size wasn't irregular, my size fit me perfectly. I read a lot of good reviews before I ordered these and they really did not disappoint!", "They fitted perfectly and are very comfortable for running.  I loved these sneakers, a little bit flashy but they worked perfect!", "Love the feel and the color. But if you're a runner, these are probably not the running shows for you. I wear them for fun, or to the gym.", "Very comfortable shoe, exact size , some of the better color combinations are not available.This shoe is fitsole 2.", "I've been wanting these shoes since late last year. I was very excited to find them on Amazon. I got them yesterday and I don't want to take them off!  They are perfect- great quality. Couldn't be happier!", "I worn a lot of Nike's, but the Pegasus are definitely my favorite. I'm new on the Pegasus band wagon, but I'll likely never wear another model shoe. It's a super comfy and stable fit especially now that I'm running. Can't thank Nike enough for such a great shoe. Changed my life.", "It is comfortable and fits perfect! I run half marathon with it, feels so good! No feet pain and cusions support well!", "I love Pegasus, I have been running in them for years, and have a ton of the different models. These ones are still great, but these pegasus just feel different than in the past. They are a little stiffer and take more time to break in. Super comfy after a week or two!", "This was perfect for what I needed. I run 20 miles a week and this made my feet feel so much better.", "I'm 7 months pregnant and wanted a comfy shoe to ubsorb my extra weight and handle my 4-5 mile walks. This shoe does just that. Perfect for now. Looking firward to jogging in July!", "Soooo comfortable & cute too,  feels like im walking on clouds. Arrived on time and had no issues. Fit great.", "I love these shoes! The colors are the exact same as in the picture, size fits perfectly, and they are a lot more comfortable than I expected!", "I consistently replace my running shoes with Nike Pegasus kicks and they are always great and always fit perfect.  Love 'em!", "I love Nike Pegasus shoes!! This is my 3rd pair! I have tried other shoes and none have come close to fitting right! These are the most comfortable shoes EVER! I have very difficult feet. My feet are flat and I have such a hard time finding shoes that fit and keep my feet from not hurting. I will always own Pegasus shoes!", "I love these.  beautiful color.  Lightweight and cushion sole make my morning run effortless.  Can't stop the compliments from coming even from strangers on the street!  Worth the price with comfort fit.", "Followed the advice of other reviews and sized up by half a size, but when I got them, they were much too large!  I have found that Nike shoes are a little weird with sizing (some run small, some large, some TTS), so I wasn't too upset by it.  However, I will be returning and ordering my normal size 8.  The Pegasus 30 itself is awesome.  I own Frees (3.0 and 5.0) and Flyknit Lunars, some Saucony pairs and honestly, these are my favorite.  They offer a ton of support for my knees but they aren't clunky and cumbersome.  The colors are super cute!  I run distance and these hold up.", "I've only worn the Air Pegasus for 7 years now. This latest pair is just as I expected. Great cushion for pounding the pavement! They have a bit more mesh than my previous pair, but we are coming up on a hot summer so I consider that a positive.", "Great running shoe with a great price. These shoes offer quite a bit support and are roomy in the toe area.  Any Nike shoe I buy, I get a 1/2 larger than my normal size.", "Good shoe", "I always have trouble finding shoes that fit right.  Glad someone suggested these - love em!  The neutral shoes I've had in the past have never been that comfortable - it always seemed like there wasn't enough cushion.  These are perfect though.  It's a light shoe with plenty of cushion.  I had foot surgery earlier this year so my foot is still a little tender.  Since these are seamless uppers nothing rubs on the scar/surgery area.", "One thing I should state is that I didn't get these shoes for running; I got them all for wear/style.I've got to say, these are beautiful shoes. They look exactly as pictured and the blue color is extremely flattering. I range between a 7.5 - 8 & I ordered the 8 to be safe. The 8 fits perfectly & looks great on my feet. I love the fit & feel of this shoe. It's very comfortable & I'm extremely happy with my purchase. Great shoes! Also, delivery was quick and easy.", "These shoes are so cute and so comfy! I definitely recommend these shoes to anyone who needs some extra support.", "I love these shoes and the color and fit are great!  Will buy Nikes again.  Very comfortable. I get compliments every time I wear them.", "Very comfortable, and great delivery!", "Fits like a glove! Used it to run on the treadmill and felt so good. Comfort level was an A+! So light and airy!", "I Love them!!!!  They fit true to size.  Favorite of all my running shoes.  Would recommend to all.  Great shoe.", "i wear these with my black capri yoga pants and they look great. i bought a 7.5 and they fit me perfectly (I normally wear 7.5).", "Shoes fit well and my daughter is happy, but colors looked better on line than they do in reality.  Over all we're happy with the purchase.", "I had purchased the Pegasus+ 29 and loved them, wore them out, so got the upgrade Pegasus+ 30.  These are the most cushy and comfortable running shoe I've bought.  Good support and feels like I'm running on clouds.  I would recommend them for sure.", "These shoes are my absolute favorite! Feels like I'm running on marshmallows! I would totally recommend these to anyone looking for a new pair of sneakers!", "Best running shoes ever, hands down. I love these sneakers. I was worried they wouldn't be as good as the 29s, but they are just as comfy. Although I still like the styling of the 29s a little more.", "Squishy and light. Very nice shoe overall. My wife loves the design, the fit and colorway. Thirtieth generation. Just do it.", "Love these shoes. I don't normally wear them to run in, but they look great and are exactly what I wanted. Fit perfectly and provided a little more support then most Nikes do, but like I said, I don't use these to run in.", "My wife got these to begin training for a marathon and loves them so far (about a month in). They look great but more importantly have great support and comfort. The size seems to be pretty on target (doesn't run big or small). If you run 3-4 times a week for 3-5 miles, these are good shoes.", "These sneakers are stylish and comfortable. And the colors are awesome. Worth the price for sure.  They fit true to size", "its good. but color is bad.if you want softly cousion shoes to buy this.good. this product. buy this .", "These shoes are so comfortable!  They feel like walking on cushions.  I have a bad knee and these shoes help me to walk anywhere with no pain.  They're great for working on your feet all day, and for taking long walks.  Plus, the color is bright and absolutely gorgeous!  I have two pairs already and plan to but only these shoes from now on.", "When I opened the box I was amazed how beautiful this sneakers are and when I tried them on I loved them. They are light and comfortable.", "Very comfortable shoe. Love the colors too. This is my third pair of pegasus'. Would love to by more soon.", "The shoe is comfortable for a person with no issues such as wide feet or bunions....I wish Nike would make the wide version, I would have exchanged the shoes rather than received a refund.  Packaging was great, as well as delivery and return.", "Great fit.", "Love these shoes! I would recommend them to everyone. The fit, look, and feel is awesome. Price is alittle steep.", "They fit great and were so cute, but one of the shoes had definitely been used and even had wear and tear on the soles. How rude!", "All I can say about these shoes is......&#34;slippers!!!&#34; Very,very comfortable! &#128077;", "I love the Pegasus.  They are cushioned and have a neutral ride.  I wear custom orthotics and the Pegasus works well with those.", "My new running shoes have been a wonderful experience, I really love it because are nice for trails and the cushioning it's great for my type of feet. I get less exhausted than before because my feet used to hurt me immediately I start running. It's the Nike experience.", "These shoes look nicely and is very comfortable. We like them very much. I would recommend them to anybody too.", "Most comfortable shoes I've ever worn, however, they are falling apart after just a few months of wearing them to work. And I work a desk job so I'm sitting most of the time. Never even ran in them. The rear of the shoe has worn down to the plastic support so now there's plastic digging into my heel.", "These are fabulous shoes! They are lightweight & comfortable. I have been able to increase my workout b/c of great support!!", "these are one of the best sneakers i ever bought fit great look great i will recommend them buy them fit great and feel great", "Love these! They fit great and look awesome! I am very happy with this purchase and would love to have another pair in different colors.", "Very comfortable and light. Provide excellent heel support and air heel reduces impact on the knees, ery good shoes for running, besides they look great, although yellow cords are a bit on the bright side.", "This shoe could use a little more cushion, if you are used to those with AIR. Overall nice color combination.", "I have to admit there are some minor flaws on the shoe but they are sooooo comfortable and they are super light I would probably buy these again! Plus they look good too", "Very comfortable shoe that seems to be made of quality material. Looks great and would recommend.  Shoe seems nicer than most more expensive shoes in its category.", "These fit just like described. Color is bright and red which works with my schools colors. Comfortable enough to use everyday.", "I am a nurse and work 12 hour shifts.  These shoes are perfect for long nights walking the floors.  Very durable as well.", "The sneakers fit great. Thanks for the follow up. I would recommend all my friends to use Amazon. Thanks again.", "Shoes are great, very comfortable, light weight, look super nice and not too bulky. This color combination is the best.", "confortable and light as expected, good for my back, now i can walk for hours and my feet and back dont suffer anymore", "I found the fitment to be inline with other Nike's I have owned.  This is a really comfortable shoe and feels great to walk or run in.  I like the mesh material as it really allows the foot to breath otherwise my feet can tend to sweat.  I go the white pair and they were as shown in the photo and look great, wearing them out I have already gotten a few complements.  Upon arrival the box was a little beat up, but overall the shoes were not damaged and there wasn't any incorrect stitching or flaws.  I haven't had any issues with these shoes wearing down as others have commented, these are more of an athletic shoe and I wouldn't use them in lieu of a work boot or anything.  Overall I would purchase again and Amazon had the best deal I could find on these shipped to my door using my Prime membership.", "Awesome shoe, Fits great and comfortable, I just need to wear them and break them in now. I love me some nike.", "The shoes are very comfortable. Bought two of these shoes and do not regret it. Great shoes :)G F", "This is a great running shoes. Very light and comfortable. I purchase for my husband as a gift and he is very pleased. Actually after he put them to try he forget that he has a shoes on his feet. Just noticed before go to bed.", "These shoes are awesome! They fit great and are so comfortable and light weight. I would recommend them to anyone and I tell everyone who asks that I got them from Amazon...and yes they're asking because these shoes are fly!", "This is a great sneaker, it is stylish and had lots of flexibility and is great for running!!! you actually feel like you're doing a better job at running", "Great shoe and it is super comfy!! They go with just about everything and I plan on buying more in the other colors!", "Nice and comfy.  Standing all day and this is exactly what i needed.  Thank you for a great pair of shoes.", "These shoes fit and feel well. But after 2 weeks of running on a treadmill almost everyday and unloading trucks at work, the rubber on the front of the shoe has began to peel already. Will not buy again once they have fallen apart, which is sure to be soon.", "Got this for my ex when we were together. He loved them and wore them all the time. Said they were very comfortable and that they were helping him with his back pain and posture.", "I am a 9.5 and this shoe took some breaking in...meaning I had to wear them a few times to break them in.  Normally my Nike Shoes fit just right but I had to work with these a little.  I love the color scheme and I am sure the summertime will see me sporting these shoes often.", "This is a great shoe, very comfortable. It fit perfectly, which I was worried about because I had never bought shoes online before. Love them!", "Fits great, looks great, great for training. Recommended 100%.Everyday fitness and running. Perfect.I am ready to buy another pair of those.", "Well made and looks like it could last. This was bought as a gift and the recipient is happy with it.", "Everything arrived on time and in good condition.  My rating has more to do with how they fit my feet instead of product quality.  Overall, these are great shoes - they look great.  I just need to break them in.", "Great colors, very confortable, the fit its great, i love this pair of air max 2013, i bought the blue ones too.", "I've always love Nike's product and this one is one of my fav. The cushion is great and looks very stylish.", "excellent shoes, I recommend 100 percent, to work, running, fitness, shopping, your feet do not suffer.  do not hesitate to buy", "Very comfortable and supportive.  Arch support good enough, I can use without orthodics in my shoes for first time in 20 years.  Regrettfully, only can walk at this point in my career, but these certainly make it easy.", "Great Nike running shoe.  Has the capability of coordinating with your iphone by purchasing the sensor that fits in the bottom of the shoe.  All NIke + shoes have this capability.  Keeps track of distance, calories, speed, time, etc.", "I actually ordered this type of running shoe before, and as soon as I got it and ran on them...went and ordered up another pair.  I wear an 8.5 shoe size...and it figures, this is just a scotch too big (in a size 9), which makes the sizing perfect.  Great running shoe, got here fast, and fits as it should.", "From what I have been told, my friend is more than happy with the purchase of his shoes.  He will look again on this site for shoes", "Very comfortable shoes! Super light! I will not hesitate to buy another pair when these get old. Highly recommended to anyone.", "Love them, great running shoes and great shoes for any occasion", "Just what I expected and more.  These are great shoes.  I highly recommend them.  You will not be disappointed. Good buy.", "I waited less than one day and they have already been delivered. My size is 42.5 EUR and I ordered 9.5 US. It's fit as expected. I liked it!", "I got these shoes a few weeks ago. When they arrived they looked exactly like the photo. When i tried them on they were a little snug around the sides, but a few days later they felt perfect. These shoes are super comfortable.  I use them whenever I run or just to take a stroll. Even though they sound perfect it is really easy to get them dirty. I suggest you get a magic eraser with the shoes. I tried to wash them,but nothing changed. I love these shoes!", "fits well, great shoe for running, i like the smooth transition from the heel to forefooti own this shoe is several colors", "The shoes fit as expected and work well for running long distances.  Have now run more than 40 miles on them and they're working great", "Cool color. My son loves shoes and has many styles and colors in Nike. Thanks for such a fantastic shoe.", "I just took up running after about a 6 month break and got these new shoes. I liked them a lot and I felt good running in them, but it was only 3 months later that the fabric holding the shoe together on the inside started to break apart. I am used to replacing running shoes usually pretty frequently, but I have never had some break down on my so quickly.", "Was somewhat hesitant to order online, but the fit was as described.  Could not be more happy with these shoes and how well they fit.  Great for lifting and normal workouts.", "I have wore alot different running shoes but the Lunarglide is by far the best i had in a long time.. I have +3,+4 and now the +6..", "Favorite running shoes yet!  They have great ankle support for people who need it, they are comfortable, and stylish! Friends are always complimenting me on the great pair.", "Great shoe for long runs. Confortable with Great support. Size fits as expected as experienced with wearing other Nike shoes.", "These shoes have been a huge improvement over my old running shoes. They are extremely lightweight but still provide excellent support. Love the styling and the fit. I only run about 10 miles per week, but so far, the shoes have held up very well after putting about 50 miles on them. Highly recommended.", "I bought this  shoe for my partner who is a runner it's not only looks good he says it feels great and he raved so much I bought one for myself", "The color it's so amazing I love red and they are very comfortable.. Ready to training whith this shoes! Nike", "Prompt delivery. Very nice shoes", "the running shoes were what we wanted. will be ordering them again when needed.very comfortable great pricethank youshirley", "I have normal size feet so the Nike's fit well for me. Super light with lot of cushion that you can feel. Hope it stays that way.", "These shoes are awesome. Its like your walking on clouds.", "Awesome shoe", "Great shoe. Amazing comfort. Light as a feather. I feel like I could walk for miles and miles in these bad boys.", "Nice shoe very comfy and supportive and a Awsome looking shoe too! Worth every cent . If your looking for a shoe to take your fitness to the next level then this will do it!", "My son loves these, great color and fit. Has bought the same shoe in more than one color. Good buy.", "I bought these shoes looking for something versatile. Something I can wear to the gym, short jogs and walking. I made the mistake of wearing a pair of sneakers (Asic Tiger) on my trip to Europe last year. With all the walking, my feet and legs were aching. Planning for my trip this year, I was looking for something versatile. I could do plenty of walking in and also wear for jogs/workouts while abroad.These shoes are very comfortable. They're extremely light. I had to make sure both shoes were in the bag when I left the mall. That said I probably wouldn't be using these shoes for longer runs but they're excellent for my needs.", "Excellent shoe.  Very comfortable and eases my mild heel pain.  I bought 3 pairs in different colors and wear them to work daily.  Even though they're a bit expensive, they are worth it.  Very cushiony.", "A whole back I had bought a par of Lunar Forever and they were great. But when it came time to buy new running shoes, I decided to buy FS lites. Don't buy FS lites for daily running. However when I bought these Lunarglide 5's, I was very happy. Best cushioning I've had in running shoes. And not to mention they aren't very heavy. Well done Nike.", "Very good shoe. I valet for a living these shoes are exactly want I needed. I'm happy with them.", "Bought this pair of shoes for my son the runner for Christmas and he loves them ! He runs almost daily and really likes the light weight feel of this shoe.", "Fits good and very comfortable.. A little stiff at first, so breaking them in is a must! Other than that, nice shoe!", "These shoes fit great and the color was accurate.  The question is whether or not they hold up to cross fit training.  Time will tell...", "These shoes are great. I have bought ten pairs and Im happy with each color and the fit. They last along time", "I love the shoes &#128526; worth the money", "i bought these shoes because i had read good reviews but i wore them for the first time playing basketball and i noticed the shoes rubbed against my legs ripping the skin and as i played i got a blister on my toe the size of a dime wont buy theses ever again", "Nice look and Nike as expected, comfortable wear and can stay in it all day.", "Ordered these for my husband who is picky & a &#34;gym rat&#34; he loves them. Fit well, light weight but supportive.", "As advertised and fits well. Support is good and laces surround the foot well. Would purchase again. Good construction throughout.", "I was so happy to find these shoes My son just loves them and its in his favorite color Orange", "Overall a fine shoe with some minor issues.Fine shock absorbtion, good for indoor and outdoor badketball.", "Bought these for my husband that's on his feet all day, he loves them. Honestly he sounds like a woman that just received a new pair of heels he was that exciteed about them. These are light weight & even on concrete all day they give great support. Would buy again!", "The materials are great, they are very confortable and very good looking. I really enjoy ise these pair of nikes I love them", "better to by a half size more..  but the  true size  fits too", "is just as the pictures show, I loved and something they did not show is its weight which is very convenient", "These have no break-in time. Comfortable as soon as you put them on.A very good price for these shoes.", "Left shoe fits perfectly the right shoe feels tight on the pinky, should stretch after I break them in. Overall Almost Perfect!!!", "I am using Nike since almost 1.5 years . I know it is good brand but this time i gave a try to buy from amazon . Amazon showed me various sizes available and gave me various options to make a choice . I am very comfortable with shoes . Thanks amazon", "After failing to order these from footlocker because they at last min cancelled my order without notice and then told me they didn't have my size in stock, i bought them here and well I'm happy with them they look better in real life then the picture in my opinion :)", "shoes are very comfortable for one of the sports that I like light soft comfortable to play great basketball with my friends", "Quality of the shoe looks better online the material of this shoes is cheap looking shoe is super light would think it would be heaver for a sport shoe. But over all it was good for the price want be buying anymore from inline.", "They're not Nike's LunarSwift shoe -- and why Nike chose to discontinue their LunarSwift is beyond what my feet absolutely feel when they feel their best in any running shoe ---- but they come as close to comfort and function as I've yet to encounter.", "I had a pair of this type of shoe earlier and decided to get another pair. They are so comfortable and light weight", "First thing I thought when I put these shoes on is how comfortable they were. Much more comfortable than my old pair of Nikes, which I can't remember the name of. They fit my wide size 12 foot very well, very comfortably. I use them to trek miles across Ohio State's campus, and they have yet to cause me any discomfort. If I bought the same shoes repeatedly, these would be at the top of my list.", "My 8 years son love it", "Arrived on time..... Amazing shoes... I got what i was expecting for and really good price for it.... They arrived 8 after purcharsed", "They are perfect for every moment.", "I bought these thinking they would fit better than a woman's shoe, but they don't and I don't wear them.", "these are great shoes for work since i move around alot. they are lightweight and breathable. so go buy em", "Hi loved my Nike", "Like the style, color and they way it fits.  Very comfortable as well and great for jogging or just everyday wear.", "they fit perfect!!! my favorite shoes since i received them. Very snug but quiet alot of support. Thank you amazon for all the suggestions for our wedding.", "Like these shoes very much.", "Husband loves them.  Arrived as expected and fit him perfectly.  Will definitely be ordering another pair to keep as a spair", "I just received these shoes and wore them the day I got them.  They look great and are pretty comfy.  Thanks", "Very good product excellent sneakers, size and texture very good, comfortable to play basketball, I loved these shoes highly recommended for use", "The shoes are great...Just what i wanted and love the fact that they are light...I will be buying more..", "One of the most comfortable shoes as I expected. I have no complaints about these shoes. There's nothing more to say about them I'm happy with them.", "I love this shoe so much I bought it in 3 different colors!  comfortable and wider than most nike running shoes", "Pretty good shoe for the price. Size seems to run pretty accurate.  Using them just for running on home treadmill.  Happy with purchase.", "This is a nice looking shoe.  My grandsons only wear Nike's because of the width.  I bought 2 pairs as I have 2 grandsons.", "great seller, good price, even better shoes. highly recommended for running or daily use if you walk a lot. breathable and soft n comfy", "Im very happy with these shoes and couldn't believe on the price again very much i was looking for something like these shoes...", "My son picked this shoe out and I must say I really like them. They have a neat appearance sort of sophisticated. And they must be comfortable because he wears them quite a bit. I will be buying another pair. They also arrived in a timely fashion.", "My son had me order these for him.  They are black on black.  Look really nice.  He wears them with anything from jeans to shorts to khakis.  Look nice.  Size is true.  Nike always makes a great product.", "Very good quality. Nice design and comfortable.It is also beautiful and very strong.I love the quality of this product.", "These sneakers are nice, but the insoles are very hard and don't feel comfortable. I took out the factory insoles and put store bought insoles in, now they feel 100% better. Inexpensive and very nice looking. Highly recommend purchasing them.", "as expected, they are comfortable and the perfect fit I would recommend to anyone looking for a pair great shoes", "Great bargain on a great shoe.  It was comfortable right out of the box , wears well.  I'd recommend these to anyone.", "Very comfortable, light weight kicks. They even look good in jeans, and they feel great for running on the treadmill.", "Shipping was really quick but the shoes didn't fit my feet properly and I paid $10 more than what they're worth. Wasn't happy about that. Returned.ALWAYS double check prices!", "Probably one of the best shoes I've ever bought. They're super confortable and have an amazing support. Plus they look super cool :)", "Beautiful shoe. Arrived on time and was much nicer looking than in the ad. My niece was thrilled to get them as a Christmas present. The fit was true to size and the comfort was fantastic.", "Love them!", "These fit good and are great for running. The colors are brighter then the pic. I use these for running outdoors.", "Very comfortable, but can't wear them without socks.  They seem a little big on me.  They have a great cushion to them and look fantastic.", "i have 2 pair of this shoe....most comfortable shoe ive ever had!! great for walking,running,the gym. the best coushion for my flat feet", "Very pleased with the quality an fit. My daughter very happy. Once again great product an great service. Item was exactly what we wanted it to be", "I power walk my two dogs(border collie and lab) several miles a day.  These shoes out of the box,are the best of all Nikes I've had in years.", "I have just started getting into running and I absolutely love these shoes!  They are so comfortable and they fit true to size.  I wish that they came in just basic colors like black and white as well as the &#34;hot pink&#34; and &#34;neon green&#34; colors, but the fit and comfort make up for that.  Love them!", "Great shoes! Very comfortable!", "So in love with these shoes! My favorite pair EVER! Will definitely be purchasing in other colors. Perfect for running.", "They are as described on line.  Color is great and so is the fit.  My Granddaughter loves Nike shoes as they always fit good.", "So far she is really happy with the shoes, I am happy, cause they fit perfect and the color was as expected !", "fulfilled all our expectations, being very satisfied about really thank you very much, should present more options and diversity of models", "Took a while to get to me but it was worth it because they are comfortable. Great price as well", "These were a gift for mom.  She needed a new pair of sneakers.  Happy to find a good show at an OK price.", "Perfect", "Really love these! Usually I get another brand because I thought Nike would be too narrow, but these are great!", "15 year old athletic daughter uses them for conditioning and loves them.  Says they're very supportive and fit snugly. Definitely recommend.", "I love the look and feel of these shoes, though I can't say they are perfect for any intensive running &#8230; but they are amazing for everything else! Really enjoy them.", "These are very comfortable shoes and have a little arch support which is good for someone like me with low arches.", "Received my shipment earlier than the expected date. Great shoe and fits well as expected. I would definitely recommend this product to anyone looking for a comfortable and light weight shoe. I have worn it several times after receiving it and am more than happy with the product.", "I'm sure it was a honest mistake that they sent me a similar looking shoe but not the dual fusion shoe. :-) Nice.", "I had recently started working out again after a very long &#34;rest&#34;.  I was wearing another name brand shoe and found my feet where bothering me a bit as I do the treadmill a lot.  I decided to use my gift card and purchased these shoes.  The very first day I could tell a HUGE difference in the way my feet felt.  They felt like walking on air compared to the other shoes.  The fit was fine and I honestly can say the last two days that I have worn them, I have walked an extra mile without foot issues.  I highly recommend this shoe for walking or running.  The price is more than fair and they look pretty cool to boot!", "I like the way these shoes fit and feel. They are much lighter than shoes i normally wear. Very happy with the product.", "I LOVE these shoes, and the look beautiful on, and they are so comfortable, and I couldn't be more pleased!!  These are great for walking and for running.  I've also had many compliments on these beautiful and comfortable shoes.", "i love Nike dual fusion shoes. They're light, comfy and very flexible. These shoes looked exactly like the picture, i think the colors are actually a bit more vibrant which i loved! The fit is great and true to size. Overall i recommend these shoes or any dual fusions as they are so comfortable!!", "good good  good good goodit's good  perfect with my friendso  it's good with the priceI like it", "I wear 6.5 but the fit is more like a size 7. I ended up giving it to my daughter.", "Good shoe. I was looking for a good shoe for training at the gym. I needed good support and these work well.", "These shoes hurt my foot. I had another pair that I love and thought if love these too. I don't. They look cute but hurt my foot...not both, just one.", "I teach group exercise and I go through a lot of shoes.  These provide good stability but are easy to move on the floor because the tread is medium to low.  I have not and will not use them for running, but I love them for my purposes.  They are breathable also, so after a couple of hours of teaching, I feel pretty good.", "perfect", "Wonderful shoes, they fit the foot perfectly, comfortable and has a very nice color combination. I can run with them without any problem", "I loved the sports bra, fits perfectly and really does what it is supposed to do.well done go for it", "I bought these to start a new exercise routine of walking and aerobics. I tried on tons of shoes at the store and as soon as I tried these on my foot just felt good. I didn't have to break them in. They are VERY light weight and have great arch support (I have high arches!) I'm about to buy the men's version for my husband and get myself another pair in another color. I have back problems and they even make my back feel better when I'm walking. I started wearing them everywhere, not just to exercise. Buy these shoes now!", "I loved these shoes when I received them, but after wearing them 4 times, one of the pieces of material that hold the shoe laces broke.  I now have to deal with sending the shoes back... a headache.", "Like them very much, very comfortable shoes and nice appeal. Am glad I got them, even thou don't care to much to buy shoes on line, but this one fitted nicely.", "They would've fit just fine if I had been sent the shoe I ordered, which is a women's shoe, not a men's shoe.", "Very comfortable fit, I'm on my feet for 8-10 hrs a day and my feet no longer hurt when I'm working.", "Bought these because my other shoes were worn out. They are very comfortable and give great arch support. I bought some Free Trainer 5.0's so I am just wearing these when I go out.Great shoes.Thanks,Rick", "A gift for our grandson-he likes these very much - wears a men's 12 and they fit as expected-recommend these", "I got these for my husband bc we can never find size 14 in stores here. He likes them so I am pleased!", "Shoes fit very well, and extremely comfy to walk with. Not sure if it very ideal for gym activities, but definitly great for walking/running. The colors are very nicely put together, and can go with dark jeans. It doesn't get dirty easily.", "They not only look great, but feel great, too. I highly recommend them to anyone looking for great gym shoes.", "Love the color on me fits good and good as new would buy more later in the future . .", "They fit and look exactly the way I expected. I run 4-5 miles a day and these sneakers make the run more comfortable.", "the shoes are comfortable, strong and look perfect! masculine and &#34;butch&#34; - young boys love it! he wears them to school, performs all his sports in them and impresses his pals! great design and brinkmanship! sport shoes that fit personality of young men!", "They fit perfectly and are really comfortable. They look as expected too. I also get compliments all the time on them. I can't complain. They are however a bit bright but I love the colors.", "Tried those before and liked it so bought ones for a morning jog. Great fit and good support, nice feel to the arch, stability during run. Just did not feel like it lasts long enough to justify price. Probably will consider in the future with couple different brands.", "These were purchased as a gift for me and I love the fit and color. They certainly get looks and compliments from the guys at the gym. Most of my time at the gym is spent on weight lifting but I do some cardio as well. These are very comfortable on the treadmill. Great fit, durable and looks good!", "this sneaker looks great, i love the colors, exactly like the image.it fits very good, but i think this shoes are a little bit narrow", "Nike is a perfect choice for sport shoesThe color was very good and it fits as expetedIam loving it", "I have very high arches so my ankle turns inward when I stand which completely throws off my alignment. My new pair Lunar Forever  is the first pair I have come across that gives my high arches and consequently flimsy ankles the support and stability they need. My workouts feel so much better now that I have such happy feet!", "This shoe has now been worn daily by my 11yr old daughter for 3 months now and is still holding up great. It's nice to find a shoe that can survive what kids put them through.", "I love the colors!! this was a perfect fit! I absolutely love it! I can't wait to start running in them! They feel really comfortable and it feels really great! I would buy another pair!", "Awesome shoe awesome price. So happy easy buy easy process. Really really easy. Bought the shoes for my wife and she couldn't be happier", "I was searching for a shoe that had good grip, comfy, and snug so that when i am working out i dont have to worry about my shoes irritating my foot, or falling off. these shoes are just great! I am more than satisfied with the way they turned out. I have had them for about 6 months now and the only complaint I have is that alittle chip from the color in the front of the shoe came off, i thought that was alittle strange, but it may be from the kind of workouts i am doing on the floor? other than that, these shoes are awesome. thank you", "Love the color combination, and Nike fit is perfect for me.  Wore for the first time yesterday, and very happy with this purchase.", "Love these shoes!! They look better in person...very cute and comfy. They fit well and I have a little toe room. A must buy!", "Great running shoe. Comfortable and lightweight. I'm very happy with my purchase and I will probably buy another pair :)", "I would recommend these shoes to anyone.  They are extremely comfortable,  lightweight and the color is perfect.  I will probably get another color.", "the shoes are light, breathing, and comfortable, suitable for running, but a bit expensive.it looks cool, I like it.", "I wanted a pair of sneakers that I could wear with jeans....found them.I have about 6 pair of running shoes to work out in, but I wanted a pair to just walk around in or even wear to work...( I'm a chiropractor and stand on my feet all day)These are great.Also just wore these to take a two mile walk....(forgot my running sneakers) and they were great for that too.Recommend for looks and function!!!", "This are by far my favorite running shoes. I've tried many running shoes, brands, styles, etc. but I've never experienced shoes where I feel comfortable right off the bat and most importantly shoes that have the necessary support when running long distances.", "Good shoe. Very comfortable  like the color. Wish they had white. Would order again if they made a solid white shoe.", "These are great shoes, I love them for everyday activities and running.  Very comfortable shoes, I'm going to buy a 2nd pair.", "My wife has never bought shoes off-line before.  She loves these!  She said they are light and comfortable, plus they are a pretty pink! Whatever....", "They are very comfortable with a nice light weight feeling plus provides great support.", "Love these shoes!  Very light and very comfortable.", "Got fitted at a running store for these shoes. I was looking for a pair of running shoes for my first marathon! So far i love them. They are a GREAT color and i feel awesome running in them.", "it's perfect and lightweight and breathable. supports for pronation but not quite enough. other than that, everything was perfect. thanks!", "Loved them as soon as i saw them. Now i want every color available, I've already asked for a couple of pairs for christmas! They are very comfortable.", "The shoes were delivered as promised, look great and fit perfectly. I would recommend this supplier for any future purchase.", "ok", "I love this shoe. I've had 2 previous lunarglide shoes and I've never been disappointed...no exception with this shoe. Nice, bright colors and amazing support. The sole in this shoe is so comfortable. As always, you can't go wrong with the Nike+ The easiest way for me to track my runs.", "I love the look of these sneakers but I am most impressed by the comfort. I liked them so much I brought both my daughters a pair.", "This is a pretty good shoe for people with flat feet because it has good support. The color purple is really pretty. It is true size, but anyway in sport shoes you always add 1/2 size more... I ordered for my sister since she has a lot of problems with her feet and she loved them.", "I bought these in a 9 thinking they would fit because I had tried a 9 on in the store. I got them and they were way too small. Its not the sellers fault, it's mine, I just wish I didn't have to go through the shipping back process. I love the coziness of them and also the color though. The seller was very nice about letting me return them though.", "The picture through me off because it seem as if I'm getting blue shoes not purple. But over all I still love them the fit good and kind of help my flat feet.", "My daughter has flat feet and is often in pain when wearing sneakers for running. She reported these shoes are very comfortable, light, provide excellent arch support, and look really cute to boot.", "This pair of shoes met my daughter's expectation. Comfortable, sporty and stylish! Perfect for her student life, everyday wearing to the university.", "I bought this for my mom and she could not be more happy, she now used it every day in her morning walk", "I've owned Lunarglides in the past but the 5's are the best fit, by far! I love the lace system and love that the arch is subtle yet effective. I can't recommend these enough!", "Love love love.  Very pleased with this shoe! Be aware it is a Cross Trainer.  This show is not built for running.", "I love the color the fit and the feel very nice shoe Nike always does a great job with there shoes and the quality.", "Bought these when I was recovering from kidner procedure... they were the first shoe I could tolerate after walking boot.  They are supportive but light (I was a minimalist shoe kind of girl in a previous life before I broke my Os navicular).  I did eventually need to replace the insole with a set of $20 doctor scholl's but that is a testament to how well constructed the shoe is.  These helped me transition back into running and now that they are well-worn serve as a rudimentary trail shoe.  They've been replaced by a Nike iD pair, same model but with shield.  I don't know if my newer pair fits more loosely than I expected, or if it's just that I got used to my first pair when my foot was still very swollen (probably the latter), but they are taking a bit longer to feel &#34;broken in,&#34; though I suppose that could be the addition of shield.These might be good if you have issues with plantar fasciitis since the problem I had with my instep was virtually the same.", "Shoelace design is so wonderful - I have wide feet and this helps my foot feel properly supported while not being squished. Definitely gives new meaning to the phrase 'putting a spring in your step', these shoes are light & feel amazing.", "Very light weight  shoes and comfortable one. The support for the foot all a round and flat foot is great.", "These shoes are going to be my favorite  shoes  they fit great  look great feel wonderful  Ilove the color and they feel great", "Very comfortable! I have a condition that whatever I put on my feet it hurts when I wallk. This does the job walking around China Town Toronto .I Will sure buy again. Thank youThank you", "Time will tell how these running shoes hold up, but my first impression is great. They're much lighter on my feet than the previous Nikes I've been running with for years. I like the bright orange color, and they're very comfortable. Size was consistent with other Nike shoes I've worn.", "Most comfortable Nike's ever! Ran a 10 miler in these and feet never felt better. Must own shoes if you're on your feet for a long period of time.", "I bought this for my girlfriend. Super comfy, she loves it and it looks great. It was a perfect choice.", "Bought 1/2 size larger and love the fit.  They have great support and style.  I use them on the treadmill with comfort.", "This shoe is fantastic! It really supports the entire foot! The product looks just like the pictures online, too. If you're looking for a running shoe, this is definitely a good product.", "I love these shoes!  They are light, and fit well; great running shoes. The teal is a pretty color, and I love to put them on.", "I absolutely love this shoe. It is comfortable and fits very well. It is true to size & the color is as pictured", "Love these shoes! They fit comfortably and are great to run in!  I would definitely recommend them to someone looking for good running shoes!", "I have always bought the Nike Free but decided to try these because they were cheaper. I was pleasantly surprised. Super comfortable. And light. Like them a lot.", "I love the shoes!!! They fix perfect and they are very good for walking.;) Very soft in the inside and the colors help when walking at night.", "I like itIt is so beautiful and fashionWhen I weared it I feeling good  and I want running evry time :)", "Super comfy and well priced. I generally love all Nike's and these are no exception. Perfect for cross training. True to size.", "I was hesitant to purchase shoes online, but I always wear a 7 1/2 in Nike so I decided to take a chance. They fit just fine and they look exactly like the picture.", "Love these shoes, great fit once broken in and really stylish. Has good support and alleviates the pressure on my knees.", "These shoes fit well.  I get a lot of compliments on the look.  I love how they feel.  I would buy them again.", "I originally purchased these shoes from DSW in a size 7, which is what I normally wear.  They were way too small, so I returned them.  I re-ordered a size 8 from Amazon and they fit perfectly.  I love the colors and really enjoy working out in them.", "I wear these all day for my long hours at work standing on my feet. They are absolutely amazing. Extremely comfortable and a good price!!", "My daughter loved them. She said they fit perfectly and was very comfortable. She works in a hospital and is on her feet a lot.", "Bought this for my daughter and she's very happy with them.  She wears them every day without any problems and they're quite stylish.", "Wonderful! They are pretty amazing and comfortable, and a relly good price I loved it! It's quality is outstanding, i would buy them again with no doubt if i could (:", "Great shoe for the price. Love the colors! While these aren't exactly tight/too small, they are a little bit snugger then I am used to in a Nike Shoe.", "I am an avid runner. I look for super light, low profile shoes. I absolutely love these. They have a good amount of support. Enough so, that after 6 miles I was still feeling fresh. Chic' and comfortable. Just love em'.", "I am a Nike fan.  I liked the fact that I found these shoes on Amazon for much cheaper than what they sell for in the mall.  They are comfortable, durable and even pretty.  Get yourself a pair or two.", "This one is very awesome. It fits perfectly to me. It is a sportive shoes so i feel very active when wearing this", "This shoe is obviously very cute, I like the style. The arch support is good, and the stability while running overall is good. It doesn't feel cheap or uncomfortable. Good for running and lifting. However, I really liked my last running shows which were reebok zigs, they had more cushion.", "I absolutely love these shoes. I wear them when I work out and they're super comfortable!Would absolutely buy them again!", "I absolutely love these shoes. Very comfy and light. Perfect for running. Love the colors they match everything. Love Love them.", "Best purchase from Amazon so far.", "No trip to the mall, great cleats, fit fantastic.,..happy with the look, the quality, the fit. Very pleased and satisfied-thank you!", "I bought these as a birthday gift for my boyfriend who plays soccer 5 days out of the week. He absolutely loves these, he mentioned the first day that he wore the shoes he really had to break them in but not he said they feel great.", "My son is a ref for soccer.  He needed black cleats & we always purchase Nike.  These were a good value for the price.", "Great shoes and fit for indoor soccer.  These may be the best fitted, and nicest looking indoor soccer shoes my son has ever had.  Great cost too!", "i got to say these shoes are one of a kind. They might be brightly colored but who cares when they feel so comfortable on your feet. It feels that you can have them on forever and never get soar feet from them. love these things", "Great shoe I love the design. Excellent purchase! Would recommend to anyone. Controlling a soccer ball is very easy with these shoes!", "Nike soccer shoes are really good shoes for many reasons. One reason is that they last for a long time. Since I've been small and playing soccer, I've always had a pair of Nike shoes. My Nike shoes never got ripped and were always in good shape and lasted me until I grew out of them. Since I've been getting older I switched to Nike Mercurial soccer shoes. These shoes are the best because they are really lightweight and are for a good price of $79.99.  Right when you walk onto the field you will get noticed because of the colorful colors on them. Their material is very comfortable and not too thicks. I've had a past expierence with Mercurials - a soccer tournament - when I wore them for the first time, and I loved how they performed and how I could play really good with them. Also friends noticed them and wanted to get some like mine. So if you are looking for good, cheap, lightweight, and comfortable cleats, buy a pair of Nike Mercurial.-Ivan Figueroa", "I had my doubts at first but when I got the shoe it fit very snug. I definitely would recommend buying this shoe, it doesn't get and better than this", "I play casually and have been very happy with these new cleats. They look awesome and work as I'd expect.", "I bought this for my son who is 13 yrs old and plays soccer.  To be honest, he was the one who picked the color and style and he loves them.  For him the color matches with the cleats of some of the soccer players in Brazil, so he is thrilled with his pair.", "Haven't got a chance to wear yet,because the weather is turning to be more and more colder here..so, wait for the next year..it looks nice.", "great shoes for a person thats just starting a mid fielder or above these shoes are perfect also good for ball control", "These shoes are amazing!!! They can fit for thin or wide foot and look sick! I don't have any negative comments for these shoes; they're light, comfortable, and balanced. They're also great for long-range passing and shooting. I recommend these to anyone who is looking for cleats that are all-around awesome!", "Great fit and reasonable priced as this is hard shoe to find in my area. Played several games of soccer in them and seems to be a good value and workmanship.", "If you read the reviews on youtube, you'll find out that these boots compare to Tiempos and Puma Kings, at a fraction of its cost. Though I've not tried the 2, I can say that these boots are amazing, even though they aren't as visually appealing.Pros:- Very good touch- Round cleats make it easy to move- Extremely good value- DurableCons- Plain looking.-", "These are the first pair of cleats I've ordered in a long time that didn't give me blisters while breaking them in. They fit very well, and I am very pleased with the way that the arch and sol support my feet.", "Just what she wanted.  Easy to break in.  Comfortable and fits great.  Roomy enough to accommodate her inserts and still feel comfortable.  Did run a tad small (ordered a half- size up).", "It was my daughter Christmas gift, she love, everybody keep asking where did she buy it.. Just perfect will buy again", "Hat arrived turn to be exactly what I hoped for which is light. I've been running only for 2 years and one struggle is finding a hat to shade from sun. This hat fits exactly the way a running hat should be, very LIGHT. It also looks great for casual wear.", "I typically wear a size 6 - 6.5, and these fit great out of the box. I've been using them for ultimate frisbee, and they're awesome. I did my research ahead of time, and I feel like these were a great choice. The construction seems solid and I feel like these will last a while. They aren't super cushioned, but they are definitely light and agile.Overall, I gave these five stars because they do what they're supposed to do and do it well.", "Great fit, comfortable, soft! a great purchase.. I am so glad I purchased them.. I really recommend them! Love them.", "These nikes are great quality brand new in box.My daughter says they are very comfortable and she gets a lot of compliments on them.The blue and purplish pink color on the shoes are easy to match with a lot of outfits and are not neon in color but very pretty shades.", "Beautiful.  I love my shoes & they are top quality and very comfortable. Thank you very much for these wonderful shoes!", "They are super comfy and so cute!  I get tons of compliments on them.  Would definitely buy more colors in this style.", "Shoe fit according to size is really comfortable and looks way better than the picture makes it look. Would definitely recommend.", "A little small, but something I can hold...Should recommend to buy half size bigger. Anyway the color is beautiful and cushion is great!", "They look really great, and they fit well when standing still.  As soon as I started to walk, my heel was rubbing against the back, and I knew they weren't going to work.  I've had several pair of Nikes in the same size, and this is the first time I've had a problem.", "Sporty and Casual, and you can also pull these shoes off a little dressed up. I love them and am very happy with this buy.", "I only gave it 4 stars just solely on the fact that I was expecting RED shoes. They were burgundy when I received them. Other than that, the shoes fit and feel great.", "Bought these for my 19 yr old son. They fit perfectly and look great. The price was amazing! He loves them!", "I bought these shoes for my son. They were very nice and comfortable;  he is very happy with them, and use them all the time.", "Loved it. Spacious without looking huge and light weight. Just what I was looking for. I was hoping that it would not have mesh straps (couldn't see very clear in the picture). It does, but they are not too rough, so I'm hoping they would not rub the bare shoulders in the summer. Otherwise, great product", "great bday gift for my soccer loving son", "The have padding around the ankles which is nice and a solid overall dry fit. Now I'm shopping for more dry fit socks.", "Bought these for my husband and he loves them.  The shox makes the shoe very comfortable for walking.  The color is somewhat reflextive for when he is walking.  Great shoe!  Bought a size larger  for a heavier sock and it worked great", "Nike air max the best looking to buy more in air max just like it very light and good comfort", "Great shoes & extremely comfy !! I think Nike makes the best ,Most wearable all day shoes !! I love them & wouldn't hesitate to buy them again .", "These are very comfortable and classic shoes.  Break in period was extremely short. Within a couple of days they were feeling real good. I would recommend these to anyone.", "was hunting for air shox,but could not find any in my local area under 140 dollars. i found these and liked the color and price.", "I purchased these on a whim. They turned out to be a very, very nice product. thanks for such a nice product.", "Upon slipping this exquisite concoction of nylon, \"foamposite\", rubber, elastic, and cotton on my eager feet, I immediately felt the warmth of a beautiful light surround my body. Through the zen-like warmth of this holy grail of sporty-comfort, I heard the sounds of craftsmen toiling the day away.The smell of Pho washed over me and I met my spirit-guide Billy Bob Nguyen, who said that was only his American spirit-guide name but that his native spirit guide name was Phuoc-Duy Tran Diep Dap Don Nguyen. Dare I question the logic of this omnipotent spirit guide and question the thinking behind either name, or the very idea that this powerful spirit creature should have to comply with anyone's wishes but that of His own? Just the very thought flashed in my mind faster than I could now run a mile in this holiest of holy shoes......well, actually like a LOT faster than than that cuz I still only run like a 15\" mile!.. but yes, the thought crossed my mind to ever-so-respectfully ask my spirit-guide to clarify and WHAM, a smack on the head with his slipper (edit: Nike Men's Lunar Presto Blue Hero TI Tint (Dang that rapper has his own tint!?) SI Running Shoes CONVERTED into custom holy slippers BTW!)!  Billy Bob Nguyen then blessed my unworthy ears with the blissful sounds of his story. A story that rambunctiously travels throughout the decades of the fine Nike Artisan Craftsmen and women who build these muses of the artists within our feet. Everyday they compose symphonies of silicone for the love of true oneness within our hearts and souls. For the true goddess; the powerful Nike!And a dollar a week.Thanks for reading!~(EDIT: Forgot to mention the impressive Nike Slippers Billy was wearing... who comes up with these shoe names anyways?! Like... WOW!)", "This Nike shoe is not available just anywhere. Even on Amazon, I had wait several days before they got inventory. You should consider yourself relatively lucky if you can get one, and totally feel blessed if you can get both shoes. If sufficient quantities of this product are not been available online, you may have to visit a physical store, might even have to push some people to get this shoe.This shoe fits. Well, both do really. I feel like a leaping chita when running in them. And I get plenty of looks too. Perhaps it's the shoes, perhaps because I'm hot. Either way. Great shoe.Now the details. The color changes on the front of the shoe when you look at it from different angle. But you can actually never see the other color. It's weird and awesome and totally unique. Anyway.Comfortable.  The shoes are very comfortable.  The color is great. And oh I don't know, just go get a pair, and you'll see what I'm talking about. I shed a tear every time I have to take them off. You'll see.", "I wear a sz 11. Fits perfect. Not too tight. Not too big. &#34;lunar&#34; sole for walking on the moon. If you thought your free runs were comfy, wait till you slip these on. The style is diffrent but still very sexy. A refreshing break from the other trendy shoes. The mesh material looks like itll go a long ways till it will crease.", "it's nice shoes but there was no ties when i opened it...but the quality is very good...and where can i buy ties for this shoes?", "Hey these are very comfortable shoes. You may want to buy these as you don't have to lace your shoes. Great for walking.", "I now own 3 pairs in each color...  THEY ARE AMAZING.  ultralight, breathable, feel like socks.If ninja's had shoes, these are what they would wear.I have never written a shoe review before...  but what the hell ... awesome", "love the shoes. very light great for running. used it for my marathon run and its comfortable. love the color as it really stands out", "Don't start everybody buying this one so I can stay originall!! :) really it's a great comfortable shoe. It fits perfect! The only thing is that the atomic red is more like a fuschia than red. Hope the stripes in the back last long. Overall is very nice and comfy.", "Awesome shoes!  Look very cool and very light cushiony feel!  Love the sone piece slip on cobstruction!  They actually have a cery light minimal feel on your feet.", "I ordered these for my husband, a big runninig shoe fanatic. Now, all his friends and nephews are quite jealous. They are a hit! Good quality and very good price! No one in our area has this style!", "Great quality and look, they get complimented a lot. They just take some time to get adjusted to cause fit a little tight on the upper part of your feet. Ideal for cold weather. Good buy.", "The shoes were for my husband,he loves them.They are very comfortable,fits great.Excellent item, very well protected , arrived in record time, arrived in perfect condition,very pleased with this purchase!! Thanks a lot!", "Received as seen in the photoI am a UK 11.5 and I have another pair of Nike running shoes US 13 so I was sure these would fitSurprisingly they are quite padded, I did want them for the summer but with a pair of thin ankle socks they ll be cool enough  insideCould be worn to a club or to the parkCasual but trendy", "as soon as i got em i threw them on and left the house.i absolutely love these. i feel ike the s#1t when i rock these.", "Good shoes, right color and everything but they fit smaller then most other nikes.. They look exactly what is posted", "I love the way Nike running shoes feel, and these Dual Fusion Forever shoes carry on that tradition. I don't actually run or even jog, just love the comfort of lightweight, well cushioned shoes and these do not disappoint. They are very comfortable for every day wear or just on weekends or time off from work. I found the sizing to be spot on (size 11), but if your not used to a running style shoe they may feel snug, not front to back 'though, more like they're hugging your feet. That's how they support your feet through the motion of running. Great shoe at a good price.", "Nike Men's Air Turf Raider Wolf Grey/Black/Drk Gry/Tm Orng Training Shoes nice fits sweet totally good love them! i recommend these guys", "Like most of the pair of Nike sneakers I have bought, I love these they are very comfortable and I really can hustle along in them. They are light weight and fit very well.", "It fit perfectly and I love the design and feel the only thing I would change is the laces are a bit short lol make 3-4 inches longer", "I like the style and color of the sneaker and they are very comfortable would get them again in the future.", "These are great, if you are under 300 lbs, 2 months of use these poped the inner air suspension and begun to make squeak noises", "I love shoes from leather, as used to train in the gym. Good head shoe, very comfortable and look cool. I made a great purchase.", "The product is a good choice for gifts, but the provider does not .. I failed in delivering my courier. I was to wait for weeks ..", "We are satisfied, thanks &#128079;", "Very pleased with the shoe.Sneakers are so expensive now and these are reasonable for a stylish shoe.Pleases even the pickiest shoe critic.", "This is the second pair of Nike's I've bought from this seller. Have gotten great compliments on both pair of shoes.", "My Daughter loves these socks, she wears them all the time.  Purchased for golf, but she wears them everywhere.  Great deal too!", "Bought as a Christmas gift for my son and he loved them. They fit perfectly. Would recommend for anyone thinking of purchasing them.", "My son LOVED these! They're very sleek and made him feel really &#34;cool&#34;. The atomic red is actually more of a neon red/orange/pinkish, but it didn't look girly at all. They held up well through one soccer season and we hope to get wear out of them for another season as we bought them a little big.", "Excellent soccer cleats. Snug fit. Great sole support. Great traction and acceleration with stud design pattern. I do prefer the feel and added protection of the synthetic leather used in the Victory over the softer and more expensive leather material used with the Velocoe. Fantastic cleats", "My son loves them and asked me to do a nice review for them. The boots fit well and he claims they make it easier for him to shoot and pass.", "these boots are worth the money and the time amazing qaulity an hold up in many conditions such as rain and snow love these boots", "Great quality socks, but a bit pricey.  My Grandson was very excited to get these. Would buy these socks again.", "These socks were a great gift for my nephew. Arrived quickly even at Christmas time and in perfect condition. I was thrilled that I got the package before the expected delivery date.", "my son enjoyes it so muchnice pair of soccer shoes for indoor practice. My son has been using it over the winter and feels great.", "nice pair of soccer shoes for indoor practice. My son has been using it over the winter and feels great.", "It says large clearly on the sock and I have these colors worn by many people in my area. Ok", "Great fit, great grip, great shoe at a great price. Matches my son's uniform perfectly.  He plays indoor competition soccer and we've seen more confidence in his game now that he can stay on his feet. I couldn't have made a better choice.", "Awesome", "perfect fit for grandson.  He loves the color and wears them all the time.", "Great shoe, great price.  My son really likes the look and feel of the shoes.  Honestly I would like a pair like these.", "i loved. is not only to be a nike product but the quality is very good, I like and recommend.", "quality = GREATwe have (believe it or not) used these for 7 months,.,.,,we bought them big but they stretch a tad so they are great esp. for a wide little foot :)", "I purchased this shoe for my nephew's birthday and he just loves them.  He loved the bright colors and said they were so light and comfortable.  It has been a few weeks now, and he still tells me how much he likes the shoe.", "I expected this Nike sneaker to fit right - but it also  looked fabulous ! The colors are bright, and my grandsons loved the way they were so easy to put on and take off.", "My son has these in two different colors. They're great! I throw them in the wash when they get dirty and they hold up perfectly!", "This is the first time I have bought Nikes for my 5 year old.  The last two pairs of sneakers he had, wore out almost immediately.  These are now over a month old and the soles haven't worn out at all.  They look great too and are easy for him to get on by himself.  I will definitely buy these again when he outgrows them!", "comfortable, easy on and off bc of &#34;fake lace ups&#34; and velcro strap.  my son likes them. would buy same ones again.", "great shoes, They have been worn daily for months and are still going strong.", "Got these for back to school for my 12 yr old.  He really likes them.  The fit was good and we'll probably get Nike's again.", "From the pic I expected the shoes to be high tops but was not disappointed. They look great and they feel even better. I'm even considering a second pair!", "Great, fast shipping...Perfect condition...My son loved them (he seems to think they make him play better basketball)...Would buy another pair in a heart beat.", "My boy love his new shoes!  He was very excited about getting them. Couldn't wait to get themthank you!", "I love these shoes! They are my favorite pair to wear! They are extremely comfortable and quite roomy! When wearing these shoes, I would wear them in warmer weather, because they are made of a thinner material than other, thicker shoes. These shoes have really good traction on the highy-used areas. I would reccomend these shoes to everyone who needs a good, reliable running shoe!", "These are a great alternative to the more expensive Jordan's.  The product arrived promptly and fit well.  Many kids today expect their parents to dole out over a hundred dollars for a pair of shoes.  I'm not about to do so!  My son was satisfied with these, and my purse was not heavily lightened in the process.", "My son love this shoes, fit very good and the color is like his uniform. High quality and protect my son very good .", "These are cool. My 9 year old loves them. They are holding up well and give great support for him too.", "This is the second pair I have bought for my son.  A good shoe and it holds up with playing and sports.  He loves thm and I love the price!", "My first impression is very good, and, what is the most important, my grandson liked them a lot. The time will show how durable is the product.", "This product just fit as expected , nike is always a good brand, I can recommend it .What you see is what you gt.", "They have been a very good shoe for my son and he love's them! I would recommend them to anyone very pleased with them.", "My son loves his new shoes perfect for the kid who likes to run all day it recommend then to anyone looking to get a good deal", "These fit well , they are really nice in terms of style. My husband says I did good for the 1st time he's happy too. These are true to size and I would order another pair.", "My son loves them and I do as well. He took them on vacation to Orlando. He says their very comfy.", "My son loves these shoes for basketball, says it makes him jump higher. They are very light weight. A good buy", "I bought these as play/school shoes for my 5 year old son. They are very nice, good support around the ankle for those crazy activities boys love to get into and easy to clean. They also look good in both slacks and jeans.", "I love Nike sneakers for my toddler, they are comfortable for him and give him great support and non slip soles. I had taken him previously to a children's shoe store and they properly measured him and got him his first pair of Nike's there. These Nike's fit exactly as the first pair did so I am very happy with the sizing.", "My 15 month old loves these shoes.  He gets them muddy and they are easy to clean.  Easy to put on as well.  Worth the money.", "I'm use to very light weight shoe. Bought them for more appearance than anything. Still to heavy", "es exelente zapato ideal para jugar basquet  es lo maximo tien agarre en todo tipo de cancha bien sea d tabloncillo como de cemento", "Picture made it appear more purple...they are definately blue! Still a great shoe;)  but wish they were more purple! :)", "These are the most comfortable shoes ever. They are so light, easy to put on, so my daughter is wearing them all the day since she got them.", "I ordered these shoes on Saturday afternoon and they got her Thursday at noon....now that is speedy to me when I didn't pay for express shipping.Anywho my two year old got some of these shoes last summer and she absolutely loved them but her foot grows like wild fire so she out grew them pretty fast and we couldn't find them anywhere and had to order them online...she is so happy now. She put them on straight out of the box as soon as I opened it and she even took a nap with them on.Toddler happy = Mama happy!!", "my lil girl saw thes had to have them ! they fit good and wears them everday to school and they are holding up", "The colors are great.  They hold up well. To me Nike runs 1/2 size smaller on kids.  Try on a pair at the store before you order on line.", "They are a perfect fit, and very secure on the feet. So cute too !!!  I am very happy with them.", "I'm a personal trainer and primarily use them as my go to workout shoe when lifting.  I prefer a Newton shoe when running but if your looking for a nice light weight fitness shoe these are great.", "Great comfort shoe.  These fit as expected.  These are good for running or cross training.  Can be worn with or without socks", "These shoes look GREAT and feel great!  I forgot how wonderful Nikes were!  I get complimented on them daily!  Great shoes!!!", "Beyond happy with my purchase. I am a sneaker fanatic, and when I could no longer find these in any store I turned to Amazon. I am nurse who wears sneakers all day everyday, so comfort is a must. The Nike Free TR 3 are so comfortable and so cute.. I love them!Got my sneakers on time with no problems. I highly recommend the seller...they will not disappoint.", "They are so cute. The color is perfect and they fit as expect! All people ask form them. I love them.", "Im obsessed with them! They are super super comfortable and flexible. Definitely fit true to size. I get compliments every time I wear them. Id buy these again for sure!", "The first time I wore these to the gym I was asked where I got them and complimented on them. I absolutely love these shoes, they for comfortably and look great. Additionally, they were shipped far quicker than expected and the customer service was great. Would definitely recommend and buy again!", "Fit amazing. True to size. Colors are amazing!  The mint green is a great contrast to the neon orange. I have gotten so many compliments!", "Love it", "I'm buying more.  You forget you are wearing shoes.  But the support is there. I can move any direction and the shoes are like an extension of my feet.  Love these things.  Thank you, Nike, for getting the fit right.  Buying more!", "great support and super cool laces - already owned a pair so knew my size was rightI love these shoes!", "Not only the look but the fit is so confortable that my wife just loves them! The animal print laces are really cool.", "I love how these shape to my feet! They are the most comfortable running shoes I own. They are awesome!", "This review is mainly about sizing and shipping by the seller Shoezoo.Before pulling the trigger on this pair of shoes, I did a bit of researching on the Nike Free shoes.  Apparently, there are much complaint about its sizing, especially for this particular model, for being too small.  Despite that, I still bought a pair in my regular shoe size (6.5). To be honest, I was nervous before they arrived but once I received and tried them on I was very pleased with my decision to buy this pair of shoes and in my regular size.The fit was quite perfect as they nicely wrap around the entire foot.  I had no problem with them being too narrow or tight.  Rather, I'd say it is a better fitting shoe than most athletic shoes which have a lot of toe wiggling room thereby making certain exercises hard to do. The shoes, as they fit, make me feel like I am barefoot but with the tech support of athletic shoes.As for the shipping, I was very very pleased with the speed for I have received them a couple of days after buying them, but I was not too fond with the way the shoes were shipped.  The shoes were placed inside the original Nike shoe box; however, only a white plastic shipping bag was tightly wrapped around the box so some areas on the box was creased when it arrived.  Nevertheless, because Nike shoe boxes are generally strong, despite the creases, this box did not get crushed or collapsed during shipping so the shoes were not damaged, and that is why this review still gets full stars.", "Just what I was looking for. Love the color of the shoes, the cheetah print laces are just my style.", "I wear these to workout 4-5 days a week doing tabata, very high intensity workouts and elliptical/treadmill cardio as well.  very comfy and flexible, which is good for the interval training I do so my feet bend with the shoes comfortably.  I want these shoes in 5 pair and 5 colors!!", "No complaints. Exactly what I expected, comfortable, stylish, and a good price. With a second set of cute spotted laces.", "I increased my distance gradually with these Free Bionics, and I am now up to 22 miles. Just like all running shoes, I wear one size larger than regular shoes. I love them!", "This is an AWESOME shoe! I absolutely LOVE IT, but Amazon has this listed as a running shoe, but it is NOT. This is a training shoe!!", "The shoe looks good but doesn't offer support and has a low rise in the back.Nike makes great shoes but not this one.The white material shows threw the black mesh and doesn't look great", "Good deal and exactly what I was looking for. My daughter was the recipient of these shoes and she loves them for her cross fit class.", "These shoes are great, super light weight and comfortable but aren't great for running on pavement. Whenever I run more than 2 miles on pavement with these shoes, I get an aching in my shins that I don't get with any other shoes. This doesn't happen on an indoor track, trail, or any other surface. I love the bright color and visibility they offer, but if you are primarily a sidewalk/road runner, get something with a little more padding.", "I bought this shoes for my fiancee he totally love it. He was so happy when he saw it and so was I. We went to Florida for vacation so many compliments it may it worth while. Im glad I bought it as a gift for him.", "I love these shoes.  The air sole is good for my back and my feet.  It doesn't compress over time.  The problem I'm having now is that I'm about to wear a hole through one of the shoes (blowout) and once that happens the pair is no longer.  I'm trying to extend the life with shoe-goo now.  They look great, feel great, and almost no one has a pair.  It's an investment, but I would probably purchase another pair.", "I really like these sneakers.  They are light weight and generally comfortable.  I think they run a little small, though.  They would be perfect if they were just a tiny bit wider and longer.", "Still on the wall with this shoe fits a little small but is super cute and was a great price", "Best shoes ever!!! Am buying these shoes again because I loved them so much. So super light on your feet. And sooooo squishy and comfy! I have very narrow feet and find it very hard to find shoes that fit, but these fit perfectly. So these are mainly for narrow feet not wide footed people. If you have narrow feet. Buy there's!!! I use them for running mainly.", "So good I have 2 of these hoodies", "I own 3 different colors. Nice warm and stylish. fitted design nice cut and I really love the arm-pocket. Really love the high zipper and the designer drawstring.", "They fit fine, I don't feel like they are much of a trainer shoe. The bottom is already falling apart and I wear them maybe once a week. I've had them about a month or so.", "These shoes are perfect. I just went for a run and they felt amazing, most comfortable running shoes I have ever worn.  Definitely worth buying. And on top of that they look amazing.", "These are the most comfortable sneakers. Light weight and perfect fit. Great quality and delivery was right on time. I now own 3 pairs of this style. Love the colors!", "I brought my son to stores and these were the lightest I could find.  Put these on one foot and different light ones on the other foot.  those hyperquickness are the best.  my son moves very quickly on the court.", "Extremely light and durable! One of the nicest and  most comfortable basketball shoes I have ever owned. It fits true to your size and I even wear a zmast ankle brace. If you want speed and comfort while playing ball you should buy these now!", "I've been a long time Nike basketball shoe wearer and am known as the sneaker head around work.  Have to keep the kids and myself in inexpensive yet good shoes.Anyway, I was in need of a shoe with extremely good traction because I play every Sunday night on an old church gym floor that is in need of a good wax job.  My Kobe 5's are one of the better performing shoes as far as cushioning, fit and performance, but they lack traction on anything other than a perfect court.  I tried my sons pair of Hyperdisruptor's and I really like them a lot and was actually looking for a pair of them when I came across a really good price on the Hyperquickness.  It looks almost like the same exact shoe as the Hyperdisruptor.  The traction is exactly the same and is the highlight of this shoe and one of the main reasons I purchased it.  It squeaks even on a bad floor.One area that is improved on over the Hyperdisruptor is the Midfoot harness that helps keep the foot locked down.  That was a problem for me before and is something I really hope Nike starts to put on all of their basketball shoes.  It really helps secure the mid-foot and ankle areas.  The other area of improvement was that the fit of the shoe is more true to size than the Hyperdisruptor which ran too small.The only thing keeping me from giving the Hyperquickness a 5 star rating  is that  there is no heal zoom in the Hyperquickness.  The Disruptor had both forefoot and heel zoom.  I'm so used to having zoom in the heel, that the Hyperquickness just feels flat in the heel area.  Having said that, the forefoot is more important for me when playing ball and the zoom there is excellent.  In fact, the forefoot has a very good cushioning feel.  Better feeling than the Disruptor's.  I think the overall transition is even better then the Kobe's.If I had to pick between the two shoes, it would be really tough.  I think Hyperquickness with heel zoom would be the perfect shoe so I guess it depends on how much that means to you.", "True to size, comfortable, lightweight, and the colors are bright. These kicks are just like the one's KOBE BRYANT wears. My boyfriend likes them a lot. Satisfied with purchase and recommended product/seller! =)", "I bought these for my son and he loves them. They fit perfectly and are comfortable.", "agrables shoes very comfortable with great colors and design for jogging and happy with the purchase has very good style", "My son loves this shoe. It's light and pretty stylish. Feels very comfortable. Delivery was extremely fast. I would continue to order from ebay.", "They fit well and are very comfortable. It did take me couple of days to \"break them in.\" However, I think they are a great alternative to Hyperdunk and other overhyped Nike products.", "Good quality and comfortable as expected by nike I also like the look its very sporty and great while workingout or playing basketball at the park or in the gym.", "The shoe is great for basketball in and outdoor.  The only problem is that you'll get blisters for the first few days.", "My review says it all, five stars, fit perfectly I used them for indoor and outdoor practice. No complaints at all, this is my second pair.", "Excellent, I am very satisfied and very happy with my article, congratulations, together we made a good choice, I will continue my shopping at amazon.", "I bought these for one of my boys. They fit great and he loves them.", "This is the lightest basketball show I've ever worn. Great feel, almost feels like your not wearing any shoes at all.", "Great for indoors playing!", "As promised, the sneakers were very nice as I opened the box.  They fit as expected.  The colors were amazing and blended well..", "Liked it very much stylish. Size fits well. Everyone will like this. Price was also good. Will recommend to all.", "The shoes are great...they fit good and look good...I would buy another pair in a minute and I actually might", "product came damaged. Loop for the laces was unattached for one spot which makes the sneakers not useable. Nice sneakers but can't be used...", "Very comfortable shoe that is actually made to play basketball in, which has become increasingly rare in &#34;basketball&#34; shoes.", "I tryed it. Size fit to me.But i wish heigh more longer.By the way It satisfy me.Thank you.", "The shoes fit, but it is a snug size 11, and it was listed as &#34;Wide&#34;! Like the 'Air', overall feet feel good. I wear them to work, on me feet a good part of the day, and only one day in the last month did me feet bother me, the first day--breaking them in. Arrived a day early too!", "Excellent product, fits very well, good quality, I use them for go to the gym, and play basket, sometimes for going out at weekends.", "Nike Quality at it's best ! This shoe is super light..it fits perfect and looks great with Jeans or Shorts. Great product as expected from Nike.", "Good shoe for the price. Perfect fit, comfortable, great grip on the basketball courts. Built in heel protection that gives this a professional touch.", "Good job guys", "Perfectly fine!!!! B-)", "This shoes are great and the store SHOEZOO is amazing.. Because they sent me the shoes In  2 days. I purchased it thank you so much", "Bought these because I know that they would fit 'out of the box' with no problem. Nike is usually consistent with sizes.", "Great for working out in  thats all i use them for Which includes running jumping, weight lifting, jump rope and more", "I love this shoe...now that I have a good pair of them. I purchased a pair of them and after about a week of use there was a lump in the sole of one of them. After attempting to fix it to no avail I exchanged it for another pair and all was good. Great for working out in. Highly recommend.", "I only wish the swoosh wasn't purple looking but the shoes are very comfortable and light! Size was right on the money!", "excellent footwear, just as I expected. very comfortable for running and training, very good color, fast shipping and handling, just the seller's shoes as public.", "These shoes will turn heads because they are hyper neon.  Also, very comfortable to wear around and doesn't have a very high arch so it feels very stable.", "they was exactly what my nephew needed. he needed shoes for marching band practice these was great shoes for school too.", "This was a great purchase the shoe is very light and comfortable, I take them on my morning run all the time.", "My husband says these shoes feel really great on his feet and he got them at a price he liked!", "Very Happy with these shoes. They perform great and were reasonably priced. They are definitely very light, comfy, and stylish!", "Very ergonomically designed. And very cool looking, Black and white, no excesses. I am fasion-sensetive about these things and I chose these for their looks just as much as for the feel (I tried them in the Nike store where they were twise as expensive).Perfect fit and feel of the ground. Flexible and light. There is room for the foot to spread the toes, so to say.Could wear them 27/7. Most comfortable and light sneakers a I've ever owned.", "Was excellent just what I expected. No issues with this what so ever highly recommended to shoe lovers.  thanks much appreciated", "They are a bit heavier than previous Free's but that's fine, because they make up for it in sexiness. Everyone wants a pair of shoes like mine", "I like the look. I like the comfort. I like the feel. This is more for weights that something super lightweight (although it is still pretty light). Very nice and stable.", "This is one great looking sneaker a real head turner !!! It does fit a little snug,but I would guess that probably wearing it more and more will loosen it up...overall it still feels really good on the foot,and I absolutely love the way it looks...and so do others !!!", "These are great shoes, but the color is somewhat problematic.  First of all, they're hot pink.  That does not really come across in the pictures.  Second, all of the straps are not the same shade of hot pink, which would seem to be a QC problem.  If I wasn't perfectly secure in my own masculinity, I might not wear them.", "these shoes look great, are very comfortable to wear all day casually and are good for working out as well.", "I have been looking for new training shoes for a little while and decided to give amazon a try. I found these and they were just what I was looking for. They look and feel great. I am very happy with the Nike Air Max Compete shoes.", "Nice boots but very narrow shoe at the toes. If you're looking for a fit like the Nike Goadome like I was, this probably isn't the shoe for you.", "They fit me the very best of all shoes! These are no exception, and I love them! This color combo is fun too.", "I wear a 9.5 in Nike SB sneakers, these fit a bit smaller, but may have been because they are more restrictive than Nike's other shoes.  Did not have a size 10 so I ended up ordering a different brand.  Would have really liked these shoes for the money though!", "I haven't warn them yet.  the seem to fit ok when I tried the on.  there could be more color in the shoe.", "this was the first pair of shoes i've ever ordered online. i was relieved when they arrived, on time i might add, and they fit perfectly.", "I'm have an old pair of this same style and that's why I bought these and I love them as well I haven't worn them much yet because I live in Syracuse and I don't want to ruin them but they are awesome.", "Fit as expected - just as other size 10.5 sneakers.  Well-made.  This is my son's second pair.  He bought the first in a store and was happy to find these on-line.", "Received this shoe right before I went off on a big trip with lots of walking and standing around.  The shoe was very comfortable right out of the box and my girlfriend really liked the look.  It fared very well through miles and miles of walking and kept my feet feeling great!", "This thing is awesome. Wear it to coach in. Wear it to workout/run in. Not meant to be a heavy keep you warm hoodie. It is what it is. Light weight easy to move in feels great. As soon as mine came in I immediately ordered 3 more in different colors.", "It is a workout/postworkout hoodie very thin and I love it, best post workout hoodie I have ever owned period.", "GREAT BUY! If you are looking to stay warm do not buy but great for working out and keeping you dry.", "It was a gift for my 16 year old grandson and after he opened he did not take it off. He said, &#34;It is my best gift ever&#34;.", "this has a nice feel, but Large size is very large and loose. Having a hood is niece for changing weather.", "My daughter loves these. She said the fit is comfortable. Not too clunky or heavy. The colors are great for different outfits too.", "Bought these for my boyfriend, he loved them like he loves all his Nike shoes. They are clean, simple and the blue is a really pretty blue :)", "Husband loves these shoes, very comfortable, and well fitting, true to size.  He is not a fan of the new colors, too bright with neons, etc.  He is very conservative, and it is getting harder and harder to get the traditional navy and white he prefers.  We're both very pleased with the purchase.", "My son loves these. Great shoes. They came promptly, however the packaging could have been better, and more secure.  The box came damaged, and almost open.", "This is an an excellent fit, very feminine, light, and most importantly keeps me dry during running and cross fit training. I have three in different colors.", "These wraps are great for yoga or other mat-based exercise.  Along with fingerless gloves with non-skid pads, you can do downward dog and plank without your sweaty hands and feet slipping along the mat.  These are definitely not for zumba or other dance-based exercise where you need more protection, but if you need more traction for your yoga poses, these are comfortable and very helpful!", "Bought two of these! They fit great. Plenty of pockets and the pockets are deep so you can run with your iPhone without it falling out or jiggling around too much. Great slim fit. Very flattering.", "Quality, color and fit are as to be expected, Nike is a brand that can be trusted. Even the packaging was nice.", "awesome", "My third pair. Great for walking. Reliable, Amazon made my shopping for all I need easy & price is right. Thank you Amzon", "I have recently became an Amazon shopper. The Nike Air Max 95 OGs are classic sneakers that never fade in style however, they are expensive as hell! Also, the shoe is hard to locate. Well, I checked Amazon and y'all had them. The shippment was fast and the shoe is great looking! I am quite impressed. Not an exercise shoe; but great with jeans and a polo.", "Lovin this Og air max 95 ..so comfy ..d best air max  ever ..can't believe found it in Amazon ..thanks", "Love these shoes.  They fit great.  I have been waiting to buy these shoes for about 15 years!  I was in my early 20's when they first came out and I never had a chance to get them until now.  Love them and plan on getting another pair.", "I always buy from amazon and it save me time and money plus I love the services. I fine it easy to shop on line no long waiting in line plus you can also fine the old and new styles.", "beside the size issue, this sneakers is perfect. i'm from the caribbean island of trinidad, an original pair of these are $300 US, i payed $127 US here, cant get better than that", "I purchased the sneakers for my husband for valentines day. He is very picky when it comes to sneakers- they are perfect!", "I was very hesitant because I thought it would make my feet look wide. But these are great. OG.  the price is a bit high.  But I love em", "Wasn't to happy about this product one of the shoes was wider then the other one  paid 150 dollars for them only to get a defective shoe and it's very noticable.", "Been after these for awhile. #1 AM95 colorway in my opinion. They look great and fit excellent. Just one more for the collection", "Still cannot believe these were still in stock but at the price they are asking I can see these are in limited supply.  In my opinion these are some of the best looking athletic shoes out there.  I don't plan on running with them, more just for casual shoes with great styling.  Beware, these are about 0.5 size too small in length for sure.  Shipping was $10 and took more than a week to get here/price of shoes is quite high as well hence the deduction in the star but otherwise as expected.", "The courier just dropped my pair off.They came in the original packaging and yes the smell of new kicks is good......", "Love love love the shoes!!!! This is my 3rd pair in this color and style!!! Air Max 95 are the best!!!", "Great service will recommend to my friends I brought 3 air max and the all fit perfect can't wait  to order more", "I loved these shoes when I saw them online.. and I love them even more in person.  I'm not a huge purple fan.. but these are really nice and funky! Love!", "I like my shoes on my feet because that's where they go. I enjoy wearing shoes a lot. End of story!", "I got a compliment the first day I wore these :)Very comfortable and easy on the eyes, well they are an eye catcher.", "Bought these for my husband and he lives them.. Sneakers arrived quickly. These are exactly what we expected? Fit true to size", "My husband and I ordered these as a gift for our grandson. They look even nicer than the pictures and fit beautifully. He was very pleased.", "My b/f has been coveting these shoes for a while and I found them on Amazon! According to him- fits true to size and it's like walking on air. It's a brand that's tried and true...", "My shoes are very comfortable and they fit really great! The shipping  process was not a problem at all. It was immediate & better than expected.", "Excellent sneakers. My son love it. Youth style. Very high quality made. He had long dreamed of such. Of course a little expensive.But they are worth it.", "My favorite Nike Every. Will always been my first choice, and my purchase was just what I have always had. Quality!", "[4-6-14 ] - I received these probably 2-3 days after ordering them. The shoes came in original Nike box. For those who are skeptic about purchasing these Nikes ? I can assure you that these are not &#34; Replicas&#34;. Yes I was a little worried that these could have been knock offs, but THEY ARE LEGIT. Just do your research if you have any doubts. Thats what I did. + I got these for cheap vs the $ in stores. Id get them if I were you !", "Nice fit loved the colors went very well with the jacket i have.will be buying from them again no question asked..", "Great fit and comfort, I have gotten great replies for looks.I am hopeing to find them in blue, At even a better deal. Keeping my fingers crossed. Love the fact they came in a timely matter always have some of the best service ever so far and I use Amazon often.", "The Nike Air Max 1 EM was no different than any other air max shoes that I have purchased, splendid. The shoe is lightweight and comfortable. WIth the air max bottoms and the mesh construction it almost feels as if I don't have any shoes on my feet. I am satisfied with my purchase.", "these were a gift for my daughter's boyfriend and he loves them.  The shoes were very durable and are worn for basket ball almost every day.", "I have bought cheap department store shoes for years and all they did was wear out. The Nike air Max torch 3 was not one of them. I've had them for about a week and they are holding up great. I highly reccomend these to any athlete.", "i must say these are a nice pair of shoes, they are comfortable and the colors are very nice, overall a great buy.", "My son loved his sneakers. They looked so nice on his feet. His feet as caught the attention of others too.", "Nice wallet.  Good quality and exactly as described.  My son wanted a different one, but we couldn't find it any more.  Bought this one and he loves it.", "My boyfriend liked them. I got them for him for valentines day.. couldnt hold out so i gave them to him early . Will most likely  order again. Recommend to friends.", "I love the color way and the design of the complete sneaker. Great color for the summer gear. You will like this sneaker.", "I love these shoes. I wanted something light but with enough support. The only issue I have with them is that the tread on the bottom is just wide enough to wedge small stones/pebbles in them. Every time I go out I have to pick stones out from the bottom of my shoes. Kind of a bummer but great otherwise.", "I have an extremely high arch which has always caused problems with losing circulation in my toes/lower parts of my feet with most shoes after I've had them on a bit.  The angled lacing and tongue area seems to move that pressure away and I can wear these all day, not just for an hour or so.  LOVE!", "the shoes came before expected, which i love!they fit perfectly!the customer service was amazing!!!the shoes are just really bomb!they are so light weight!perfect workout shoes!", "Very comfortable pair of kicks that looks great with the right pair of jeans. Lookin to cop some retro 89's soon.", "Wow, these sneakers are turning heads, looks good in the pictures and it looks better in real life, excellent purchase.", "it fit very good the quality was great everyone like them.enjoy the shoe.i have a friend going to order a pair", "The shoe is super comfortable. Played basketball for hours and didn't have any blisters. The price was just right too", "The shipping was on time and the quality of the shows are great and in great condition. Not a show you wear everyday most most definitely a show stopper.", "this item fits and look just as expected i love it and recommend it to you if you are interested", "I got my Jordan's there in great shape, but the jerk tried to steal my debit card info and was almost successful I would be cautious to buy anything from this guy", "This was my first time ordering from this seller and the shoe is amazing. I was kind of skeptical at first but this was perfect", "Great fit.  Great show.  Great customer service.", "Hello Good Morning is a great blouse with spandex Good quality, bellisima and color very cute, it's comfortable for exercise.", "I loved it. It fits me well. it is excellent for to do exercise!!!!: if you are skinning you can buy size Small.", "Fits well & I love it -- it's cute & bright! I purchased the orange ish colored one. Highly recommended, fits perfectly!", "It was a nice shirt, but I think it was a quiet large, I am usually small, but I should have bought an &#34;XS&#34; zise.I thought the chest protector was thicker the foam, but it is very light.The shirt looks pretty nice", "Easy to wear, beautiful. However the price is reasonable it dress good.  The deliver was on time.  It is a good product. I recommend.", "DO NOT BUY THESE FRAMES FROM NIKE...My son who is 11 now wanted some cool glasses for baseball, Being nike is known for sportswear you would think these glasses frames &#34; AT THIS PRICE&#34; would be tough......Think again, After two week of wearing them they broke or should I say the cheap plastic they used shattered on the first hit from a ball. The earpiece held up great but the frames just shattered. He has been wearing glasses since age 3 and he has never broken any of the other ones. The eye doctor will not cover these even after I paid 155 dollars just for the frames and was told they have a 2 year warranty. I will now change my eye doctor and never buy anything from NIKE again. Demand better stuff folks, its OUR hard earned money..", "Great everday sneaker.  Comfortable for walking around all day.  Looks cool with jeans.  Fits really well, typical for Nike sneakers.", "Good product, fast service.  Niece used daily for games and practices.  Shoes are comfortable and Fit as expected.  Thank you", "I wear them every day for work and my feet no longer hurt from my shoes any more. they are wonderful", "These were a Christmas present for my son. He loves them. They fit as expected and were a good price too.", "Purple is my favorite color. They fit very good. The color also goes well with my different color shirts that I own.", "Fits great", "Nice and comfortable shoes. The retro style is great! Everyone always says something cool about my shoes. I love them!", "A trusted brand, and a good shoe for dance-fitness classes, as the pivot points on the sole allow for easy movement without knee injury.  Consistent sizing helps with ordering online.", "I purchased these sneakers because I was looking for a different pair of sneakers to buy that would provide me with support while playing basketball. I'm in my 30's, so I like to still be flashy when I play, but I also am aware that I need to support my old body! In terms of comfort, I give these a 10. Right out of the box they feel snug to my feet and are true to size. Nothing is perfect, but I feel like after a day of playing ball, they'll be nice and broken in.I don't often buy sneakers on Amazon because of the sizing issue, but I feel like these are a good buy for somebody looking for a solid pair of sneaks to play indoor ball. With socks and ankle braces, I still feel comfortable in these. You'll get a couple of looks too, because you more than likely won't see many people with these on.", "These Nike LUNAR SAFARI + Running shoe's, are so mega comfortable, I'm happy that I looked on Amazon, and,found them. they fit like a glove.I highly recommend these, to semi atibe people, they're not just for running, that's the beauty of these shoe's, and, they're great if you have back problem's. Most people whom, have back problem, sometime's because of their shoe's.My Sinderest Regards'Jeffery McKinster", "They are great looking and very confortable. My grandson wears them at all his basketball games.  They fit like a glove.", "These shoot help me run the basketball courts in style there comfortable and feel great im so impressed with this shoe its just a so nice pair of hooping shoes", "way way too high priced. look good. fit boyfriend nice and match everything. just way to expensive for a regular shoe they sell in the city for $65", "Extremely narrow fit. Fit is much smaller than normal sizes. Nice looking shoes. Very good value. My son is happy with them.", "Got these for the bf he loved them and said he gets compliments every time he's worn them , !", "The shirt arrived on time and in it's original packaging. It is a quality shirt that is stylish and comfortable.", "This design is great for semi formal t-shirt, casual wear or for playing sports. It has style and comfort ... with advanced material.", "Quality material cool comfort. This shirt is as comfortable as they come. I would definitely recommend this shirt to anyone.", "Excellent wicking polo. Length is good, color great and has a sharp look.  Very cool to wear in the heat.", "Comfortable, good looking, great for indoor or outdoor exercise : running, walking, gym", "I really love these shoes! I wear them all the time. They are extremely light and they are also very comfortable!", "Good buy, arrived on time and the fit was true to size..It wears well and a good choice for an active boy.", "first off, ARCH has outstanding service. Very fast shipping and your package might even come sooner than it is supposed to. The packaging as well was far superior to other sites i've ordered from (Eastbay.com sucks *ss and takes 6 weeks to come in).As for the shoe,Fit: 5In my opinion it is perfect. But i will say it reminds me of track spikes b/c it makes you want to run on the balls of your feet. (not heels). Which i like, others may not. Maybe a big man wouldn't like it who knows. But for a guard or for those who are quick on there feet, perfect.Traction: 4Not out of this world, but best i've had so farBreak in Time: 5I've only had them for a day and played for a few hours they already feel fine. Maybe another day or two and they'll be fully broken inBreathablility: 2/3not the best at all. Def under par when comparing it to the hyperfuse, hyperagressor, and other nike productsOverall: 5for me it's perfect, maybe others are more pickyhope that helps", "I work in a warehouse driving a stand-on hi/lo and the only shoes that are really comfortable to me are running shoes. My employer requires all footwear to be leather, and unfortunately most running shoes have a lot of mesh fabric in their construction so they're lighter and more breathable. Thankfully Nike and amazon through ActivInstinct in the UK had an all leather running shoe that was less than $100. Very comfortable, true to size 'though a little snug around the ankle (they are running shoes after all), and I'm sure will be more comfortable the more I wear them. Would have given them a five if they were nearer the $50 range. Shoes arrived within a week despite being shipped from the UK, they even threw in some Haribo gummies in a little packet, awesome!", "I appreciate the fact that the seller responded to my email, almost instantly. The seller mentioned that,&#34;If they don't fit, send them back, and you'll be refunded.&#34;(so I was able to communicate with him - which is a good thing)These sneakers are authentic, they came in the official Nike shoe box.Retailed at $160.00I paid $139.99...Not a huge savings, but these are exactly what I wanted.A unique sneaker, delivered to my door in a couple days? I couldn't ask for more.(I just hope I don't mess them up, this is the most expensive footwear I've paid for in a long time) - lol", "These shoes are awesome!!! Look way better in person than the pic!! I couldn't even believe the price! Very nice Jordan's for a great price!!", "For some reason this style is hard to find.  I surprised my husband with this and he flipped out.  quality and color are excellent.  Will definitely order them again for him.", "These sneakers are the most comfortable sneakers I have ever owned. I am a server and I use to get blisters on my feet. With these my feet have never felt better. I am definitely going to buy more for my collection.", "Really comfortable, stylish classic shoe. looks good with shorts, jeans, or sweats. bought these because they are the Knicks color.", "Bought couple weeks ago and love them. Width is little tight, but after couple days this problem disappears! One more time prooved that Nike is best!", "love this shoes as soon as i opened the box, it looks beautiful. The size is a bit narrow for 10.5 but im not taking off a star bec of it.Price is also reasonable and lower from Amazon  compare to other stores that sell this online.  Im happy with my purchase.", "I like the fit and feel of the shoes (I have worn Nike size 11 for years now), but the outsoles - the layer at the very bottom - are not red/crimson as they appear in the photograph. Instead, they are hot pink. (If that works for you, great - but buyers should know what they're really getting.)Update: They have posted better photos now. I'm bumping them up to 4 stars because the shoe design and fit itself is good. I have them in black now and I've been happy with them.", "I LOVE THESE SHOES! I have always been a fan of the classic Nike Air Force 1. They are some of the most comfortable shoes I have ever owned. And these look awesome with the black and court purple, I have already received quite a few complements on them. Great ankle support too!", "I am very pleased with these shoes. They are very comfortable and make walking a great deal easier. I'm not in such a hurry to kick them off when I reach home!!!", "I ordered these shoes because I was looking for something light weight and comfortable to wear to work. I am on my feet all day on hard floors at a hospital and these shoes are very comfortable and fit great. They offer great support on the heel, too. I added Dr. Sholl's Active Series inserts to them because I have recently started wearing them in all of my shoes due to knee pain and I have been pain free since! Definitely a great value for the money, and I would order them again!", "I work 12 hour nursing shifts in these shoes. My feet don't hurt a bit. I want more colors in this shoe.", "I loved this shoe so much I bought a second pair! I do cross training and these shoes are light weight but still provide plenty of cushion when you are jumping around. They came quickly within a few days. And the color-design is fun!", "Love it!I'm a dancer and the shoes saved my life.Hill pain almost stopped me from my daily practice.", "I've always wanted these jordans. Pricy but when you wanted these since you were young you have to have them. Every one asks me about them and where I got them. Love these shoes", "Got these for my grandson and he is thrilled. Says they fit perfectly and are just what he wanted. The price was extreme, but so is my grandson!", "A really nicely done retro. It fits great and looks really like it should. Really happy with the style, fit,and quality. I also received good fast shipment of order. A good experince all around. Nike does a great job with the retro Jordans!", "They fit awesome. Worth every penny. I want to get a pair for both of my sons. I've been wanting this shoe forever.", "No disappointments. Shoes were in brand new indeed and exactly as I remembered 19 years ago! Good one for all you Nike retro lovers", "The shoe looks sooooo good! It also very comfortable like all other air max but its already showing signs of wear after the first use.", "I love this shirt.  It's cotton, very comfortable and fits nicely. The reverse pocket on the right side is a nice touch and a good place to store a small wallet, cash or other flat items securely.  My only issue is that it comes out of the wash pretty wrinkly and needs pressing if the very wrinkled look isn't your cup of tea.", "Colored shoes are all the rage right now and these fit the bill, my son really likes them and says they are comfortable.", "Very beautiful shoes! Nice look and good quality. I tried on and it's very fit. Jumping can be more higher with the air room inside.", "The wedge sneaker is all the rage and this is a nice shoe. It feels good on your feet, but the ankle area of the high top is a bit snug and irritates my ankle bone. It is a great shoe for sweats or jeans. The pattern is cool and goes with pretty much anything you wear.....very comfortable as well once you wear them a few times. I would recommend this shoe....but at the sale price...full price is too much to spend on a trend.", "Love the colors very comfortable, love the look, very easy to workout in, i used it for bootcamp and weights classes was very good. goo  traction.", "BOUGHT THESE HERE NIKES FOR MY GAL...SHE WEARS THEM TO THE GYM...SHE SAYS THEY ARE REALLY REALLY COMFY...PERFECT FOR WORKOUTS...SO I GIVE THEM A 5 STAR....THEY ALSO SHOWED UP ON TIME...SO KUDOS", "Super fast shipping and product as described.  I was so excited to get a pretty sought-after color combo in this design at half-price!", "They just don't fit by lenght and weidthColor is different as shown, they are orange instead of red.Didnt know that I have to pay for the return as well", "best shorts for golf or just going around town.they have a slight stretch to them to be worn comfortable. perfect length", "Awesome! Extremely comfortable. Bought as a Xmas gift for my son and he Loves them.... They are soooo comfortable I wear them when he is not looking", "Did you see the colors and cut on these?  Because they look exactly like that in person, except better.  The sole material is a deeper beige than is shown online, so they look super vintage, like &#34;rubber band brown.&#34;  Super light and comfortable.  Love these.  Ordered them in another color within five minutes of putting them on out of the box.", "Bought these for part of my nephews Christmas gift... they were a hit... Loved the bold, yet subtle colors and fit true to size. Flexible for beginner walkers.", "Nike quality comes through again.  These shorts are by far my favorite infant shorts for my grandson's regular use.  As a matter of fact I attempted to order two more pair for my grandson on amazon.com last night and they were out of stock.  These shorts have a lot of elastic in the waist and the legs are generously sized so you will get a lot of use out of these shorts !!", "Nice fitting sweater, but about 40% overpriced. The fabric is so-so and the dime-sized Nike swoosh on the sleeve is not worth the extra cost.", "The laces are two sided really nice shoe a must have for one fans  I got me n my man a pair I got the purple ones tho", "Comfortable and eye catching.  Although he picked them out himself, they are better than I expected with a pebbly textured on the red suede portion.  He gets lots of compliments on them.  Fit is as expected.", "Is shoes recive fast is good shoes for very good priece, i love is shoes is excelent finish and label.", "These are good socks, but run a bit small for someone wearing a size 9 shoe.  They do the job with moisture wicking.", "Love these socks are great.  They fit very snug and hold their shape after many washes.  Also, they keep your feet dry and cool.  The moisture wicking really work.  I would recommend these to everyone.", "I really like these socks. Just ordered another pack for my sister, because she loved them as well. Nice cut, not to long. They are pretty warm too. Great purchase.", "It was everything that I thought it was going to be. The delivery was on time and a bit early. I've been waiting about 13 years to buy them. It was worth the wait...", "Favorite pair of shoes I own. They fit nice and are very comfortable. Seems to get a lot of comments when I wear them also.", "Beautiful Nike's , my husband loved it. Fits perfect and very confortable. Colors are very bright! Love it, Thank you", "I was a bit upset when I bought these for $70 when I went to a outlet where there was a Nike store and I happened to find blue ones my size for approximately $25, However I am into retro running shoes, and since I'm a distance runner and Steve Roland &#34;Pre&#34; Prefontaine is my hero! Nike releasing these shoes made me want to snag a pair of my own. These have a nice design and a &#34;worn&#34; look to them to make it as though they came straight from the 70s other known as the golden age of distance running. They are comfortable trainers and shoes you don't see everyday. These are also great to add to your vintage retro nike running collection!", "Nice color, great Shoes. Really confortable. I used to travel in cool weather and feels great. I will buy same kine again.", "The Nike Men's NIKE AIR MAX 2013 EXT RUNNING SHOES, are the perfect running shoes for those who look for a light and stable shoe.", "Great shoe, very comfortable, I already recommended it to my friends who are also shoe geeks. I rated this product five star because its a really good shoe.", "I'm a severe over-pronator and develop pain and overuse trauma injuries when running in shoes that do not control motion.  I cannot run more than 15 miles per week in these shoes without pain.  They are very light and pretty stable but not as good as the Brooks Beast.  I currently use them on my shorter distance runs and speed days.  They work great for that.  Not enough support to work for me on long run days.", "I love these shoes! My son is very hard to find shoes for and these turned out amazing! Love them!", "I bought these by chance they would be good for my leg and knee. So far they have been great!", "I definitely love everything about these shoes. They fit perfect. They are everything I figured them to be. I'm totally satisfied!", "I bought the Nike Lunar Glides for my son and they are really great shoes.  I don't think people should rate a product based on the shipper.", "I have been looking for these slip-ons for years so where I saw them on Amazon I was elated. I was warned that I should get them bigger so from a 10, I ordered a 10.5. They are snug so I should have gotten 11s. Other than that, they are great. Easyon/easy off, padded for comfort and very light. I'm glad I got them and hope that they stretch a bit. I wear them at home all the time and the price was a great deal too!", "Giving 4... and not 5 ...cos i like other fitting better...But i really like this shoes... they are nice looking and comfortable", "this is the perfect shoe , nice fit, nice look, nice nice nice, love it. Want a good basketball shoe buy this one Lebron X", "great product! authentic, comfortable, and top of the line shoe! fits tight so might want to go a size or half size up!", "This sneaker is nice and pretty comfortable, but the sole is not as soft as some of the other sneakers that I have had in the past. It looks good and has good ankle support, but if you're looking for a soft and cushioned sole this shoe is not for you. Overall it is a good basketball sneaker and it looks with jeans for a night out.", "Love Them ! Looked everywhere for these shoes, My is Son very pleased...perfect Christmas gift,  will purchase from here again..", "These shoes were for my grandsons prom, yes he wore tux and Air Force One Shoes, He was very Handsome in his outfit,", "This is the best jumper i have ever bought. I just love this jumper. I will never regreat. I love the color.", "These shoes are thaa booomb! Quality is Excellent! Looks are Tight! Drops are Hot! Waxed Silver Tip Lace Goodness! Smokey Ice Bottoms! Black Laser Etched Leather! Juiced Up, Roided Out Tounge! And A Luxurious LUNARLON Insole! All combine to make me FEEL GOOD! A SOLID COP WITH NO REGRETS! Got me Dancing like Michael Jackson Inside!", "I was looking for red sneakers, I am a huge sneaker buff!!! I found these on amazon, ordered them  they came in a timely manner. They are even nicer on and a hint of sparkle:) love them, love them !  I like the fact  that they are unique like me!! I would recommend them but I'd like to be the only one with these:):):):)", "I normally wear a 9.5-10 but I got 9.5 with these and they were a little to big. I kept them because I figured when I started wearing thicker socks in the winter they would fit better. The picture does not display the sparkles or schemer that is all over the shoe. I was just happy to find a no-mesh shoe for work so I was will to suck it up", "I was looking for something that looked professional and would keep me comfortable while working as a LMT this was just right.", "Shirt is really nice and the size is appropriate. I bought a large and normally wear a size 12 or 14.", "Shirt fits well ,very true to size, and very cool in the heat. Price is much less than our work uniform supplier.", "Fit exactly as anticipated and it is not see-thru (I was worried with the white color).  Now if I wouldn't spill my food on the white shirt it would be perfect.  Good thing the fabric does not hold the stain & washes easily.  Wish there were more colors than just white & black as I would order more.", "Shirt fit well and was comfortable when I wore it on the golf course.  Style was good and did wisk the moisture away from my body.", "I have the red and grey color and I love them. Other guys are commented on the style and color as nice all the time. They feel and fit great. At first, they were tight but, now I love them and they are so dam comfortable.", "these thongs are super comfy- light, fit well to my feet, and feel good on the bottom of my feet.", "They are okay, not anything extraordinary.  This is my second pair and I will buy more in the future.  I like the fit.", "This is my second pair of these flip flops.  Had a pair two years ago and loved them loved for them last summer and could not find them.  Then found them on amazon.  Would love it if Nike would bring them back and in other colors.  Great seller, and very quick shipping.", "I knew this certain style needed a 1/2 size bigger, even if you had previous NIKE shoes. So it became a perfect fit", "I love these sandals. They are so comfortable. I am looking forward to warmer weather so that I can wear them all the time.", "But I wear these all the time. I bought a pair last summer, and could not believe how comfy they were. I bought these in a different color so that I can wear them more often!", "Love them, fit great, super comfortable, don't seem quite as red as pic, I bought them in green too.", "Purchased November 7, 2013, they fit like Nike always do. I don't see any major week points, I expect they will last a couple of years with moderate use. I wear them to perform resistance training along with cardio while on the elliptical and when ever the weather is nice enough for shorts.  They are very comfortable, I always buy air max, because they prevent Plantar Fasciitis effectively for me.", "These are extremely comfortable sneakers that have a lot of flare because of their color. They are Nike's so qulaity shouldn't be an issue. If you have the money to spend, I wouldn't hesitate getting these sneakers.", "This shoes is great and the cushion when my feet hit the ground while running is very soft. The only draw back is the weight but I still like it and will recommend it to my friends.", "Got them at Amazon for 1/2 the price at brick and morter stores, nice running shoes, have been using them for about two months now and i'm very happy with them.", "Very comfortable shoe. Fits as I felt it would. Gives the comfort I've come to expect from Nike's Air Max line of shoes. Has gotten me a lot of compliments already. Great all around.", "Awesome shoes, at an amazing price, love it, I highly recommend it to anyone who likes Nike's shoes... Fits perfectly....", "So comfortable... make feel like walking on sky. very good for running . good color and good size makes very good for walk around.", "ok to start this is a really good quality sneaker its breathable and really comfortable to walk.around in and the sneaker is a nice return from the original 95`s so now My goal is to get all colors in this shoe btw I have the original colorway ovean blue from kicks usa amazon is cheaper also", "I am an avid COMFORTABLE sneaker wearer! So all I wear are Nike Air Max & New Balance.  The Air Max 95 are one of my favorites of all time. I've been wearing them since they first came out & own them in several colors. I highly recommend them for anyone looking for a comfortable, long lasting running shoe.", "I ordered the Nike Men's Air Max '95 formy nephew and he absolutely love them.He wears them with almost anything.", "Bought these for the hubby...he loves them.  Matches the Orioles colors perfectly", "It is very comfortable and I like the style and the color combines with any short i will buy  nex time", "these were some very nice sneakers, but contrary to the traditional air force one sneakers the velcro straps are removable", "Stylish to the fifth power!  And Green is my favorite color. They have a wide footbed so they are very comforatable.", "If you don't try on this shoe before you order, make sure you get 1/2 size up from your regular Nike size. Fits like a glove and super comfortable right out of the box.", "these shoes are very soft and when walking, your heel slips a little bit. But while running these shoes are transformed! The cushioning is awesome, the shoe really supports your foot and holds it in place. A lot of support through the mid part of the shoe. I have a lott of knee, foot, and ankle problems and i have NO pain while running with these shoes. I am ready to order another pair.", "Well I don't run like I wish I did but have been wanting to be more regular.  These shoes fit great and the most recent run I did with these was the fastest and longest run I had done.  I give the shoes the credit. Couldn't be more pleased, this is exactly what I needed.", "I was drawn to this shoe because Nike's Lunarlon technology is really incredible and supportive. Throw in the new Flyknit technology and this shoe really feels like a snug sock on your feet. Love this colorway as well. It's grey/black with a sharp inclusion of blue. Just a great shoe. Also, this store might have the best customer service I've had through an Amazon store. Quick feedback, Amazon Prime fast shipping and delivery, and they've earned me as a repeating business customer for sure!", "Have a pair of these and they are by far the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn. The size fits true to size and has good neutral fit. Very light and cushions your run very well. Have ran in a half marathon in these without issue. Tread wears a little quicker than other shoes but otherwise great shoes.", "Had these for about 2 weeks now. Just started running again and needed something that would make it easier for me to get back into shape. Couldn't ask for a better shoe. Lightweight. Great cushion. Durable and stylish. I would recommend this shoe to anyone.", "I can't be more happy... Fits just perfect... the size, the color, the confort... everything is just what i imagine to have... i just love it... ;)", "The are incredible expensive. but they are also incredible comfortable. I am really happy with them. you can easily put them on and the feet gets enough air", "These feel and fit more like socks, with an extremely thin tongue, that requires careful fitting when you strap these on your feet - yet stays in place well thereafter. Ridiculously light. The fit is not rigid and tight, and allows for my slightly wider feet, but does not allow any heel lift while running. It seems to have support and strength in all of the right places, and flexibility where you need it. Well worth the high price tag - I think I'll buy three more, for posterity.", "Nice shoes to go out !!!! But definitely not made for running....Be careful the shoes fits tight, so purchase them with 1 size more...Very light shoe, nice look but way too expensive for what they are at the end.... I am giving 2 stars just for the look...Better to go to Lunar Glide 5 cheaper and a best running shoe.", "These are the most comfortable shoes I've ever owned! absolutely LOVE them!! Great for both casual wear and working out", "I purchased these after seeing the review on Runners World. They're very lightweight with sufficient arch support for running-- unlike other reviews I didn't think my heel slipped at all. They fit perfectly and are breathable.", "I LOVE these shoes! I use them for the gym and it feels like I'm walking around on a fluffy marshmallow cloud pooped out by unicorns. I was nervous to order shoes online because like most people, my shoe size tends to fluctuate between brands. I'm normally between a 6.5 - 7.5 and got a 7.5 because I knew I'd be wearing socks with them all the time. Voila! PERFECTION. Cop these - you won't regret it!", "I loved my Shoes I seem to be very happy with them ! They Fit Just right also which is good I was worried about them not fitting when buying online", "RIDICULOUSLY lightweight, good cushion and support. They're definitely some of the best running sneakers out there.I own Mizuno Wave Prophecy and ASICS Kensei 4. This shoe stands firm among them in terms of build quality and comfort. It comes with a lower price tag as well.The seller is very cooperative, and he made sure the shoe was delivered as agreed.", "I am excited that my shoes came so quickly and I was able to wear them right away. The fit was perfect.", "Boots are the perfect lenght but are a bit tight. Im stil breaking them in. Overall, im happy with them.", "These shoes are dope!The color is one of my favorites, the shoe it self is pretty attractive. They're really good shoes, and can help a little on the looks.", "I Love This Design!!18 years ago, i like Rodman!!So I love this original design.But I love this too!", "I bought these shoes for my boyfriend. He picked them out and he loves them. Very happy with my purchase!", "This product came fast and is prob one of the better running shoes out there. I love the feel of the shoe and since all we seem to do in the Army is run then this product is ideal for all soldiers.", "It fits just as expected and the color is a deep bright green. Its a nice green color. My wife bought them for me and they go great with my outfits.", "Was good product for the price. Really like that they fit me because i was afraid that they wouldnt fit.", "Giving this item a 5 star because nothing can be said against the fit, style and comfort of these shoes.", "these shoes came within 2 days of purchase which blew my mind because i didnt choose the expedited shipping so already i was feeln it.  THEY LOOK so much better up close, the blue is jus how u see it online and it matched my SF GIANTS hat perfectly.  realy comfortable and sturdy shoe like all forces are.  shoe laces have a sheen to it that at an angle they kinda look purple so i though that was cool. i didnt notice this because my laptop has its brightness up all the way but i thought the sole of the shoe was ALL WHITE but it has that gum color at the grip and in my opinion it throws off the color combo! kind of disapointing if u ask me.  ALL IN ALL GREAT BUY THO! shoes is definetely an ATTENTION GETTER", "This was a great buy!! I don't always wear Nike but I like this one. I just might get another pair..", "will make a good gift. Doesnt close completely perfectly but not enough for the recipient to notice so it didn't matter", "I like the Nike shoes for their great fit and this pair did not disappoint.  Very comfortable, didn't need to break them in at all.", "Bought these for my Grandson ( 12 years old) for Christmas and even he was highly impressed with the look and style. Leather - suede and carpet sneaker.", "I bought theses sneakers for work (work 12 hours on my feet per shift) and they are fantastic.  I have another pair that I use to walk/jog at a dirt trail and they performed fabulous. Very comfortable and great material.", "My grandson loves his new shoes. Tries to wear them everywhere. He says they are the best he ever had. He is eight years old, lol", "Bought this for my son, whose feet are wide.He is comfortable wearing these pair, and also loves the cool look.", "My son says they are the bomb! He practically wears them to bed. good looking. sturdy. reliable. and of course, cool.", "These socks are exactly what I was expecting. The fit is about perfect for me - my shoe size is 10 /12 - 11, depending on the shoe.", "My husband had some of these when we got married but he tends to be cheap and did not want to spend so much on socks ;-) I do not tell him the price of my clothes.  So  I buy them for him from time to time and they make him happy.  I thank god he is so easy.", "They fit as if they were customed made. They are also very comfortable and have this very good feel of durability.", "I bought these sock for my twin boys.  They are avid tennis players and these seem to work well for them.", "I was looking for socks that I could separate in the laundry.  These filled the bill perfectly.  They came as described and on time.  Good socks.", "its Nike` .of course its good product. but a little to much money. after i got this order, i did see it in the stores, the price was much better", "Medium weight, medium durability athletic sock, fits above the ankle on my size 10 foot.  Overall very pleased and feel that this is a good deal for what you get.", "These socks are a great value. After working 8 hours straight on my feet, they keep my feet comfortable. Great Job Nike!", "Not as comfortable and cushy as the Nike socks bought at our local Sears store. How many different styles does Nike produce? These are on the low grade side.", "A very nice product.", "These socks are great, they are different from the dry fit, more crew like appear less structured. Very good value. I made a mistake previously reviewing this order.  Delivered as expected", "The socks fit great and the amount of socks for the price was an amazing deal. Might even my more!", "these are very comfortable and well fitting socks. I highly recommend these socks to everyone that is very active.Excellent product at a reasonable price", "They seem to be better than the big box retailer multi pack crew socks that I normally buy. Nice tight fit around the instep.", "My son has a really big foot size 13 and it is hard to find a good fitting sock. These were perfect. Great quality and good price.", "Nice socks, they look, feel and fit great. i used them for sport and casual wear. They have been holding up well.", "I am very happy with the cost and the quantity! You can't find them any cheaper but still a good quality for the price!", "My teen boy who are 10.5 size shoe don't like ankle high socks.  Hard to find higher ones unless knee high for sports.These are perfect, both my dons were so happy, thought I gave them cash,Ha! Great price as well..buy away,the wash perfectly too!", "The quality is not as good as i expected, although i didnt try them yet. its good for the price", "Socks fit well and are comfortable.  Only question is whether  the elastic will withstand multiple washing before elasticity is lost.", "Bought these for my stepson and he loves them! very comfortable and a nice thickness, not thin and flimsy! Was up nice too!", "I like em....there are good and comfy....they are good for style too..they look too simple on the picture but in real they are good", "Perfect for all you UM fans. Colors are bright and matches the jerseys just fine. Makes you get up pop", "Already had a pair of these shoes already, so I knew what to expect.  Love the classic look and color scheme of the shoe.", "I bout this shoe for my son  birthday, the quality of the product is excellent  and fit well. I will buy another pair for me. Thanks", "These shoes are so stylish for my 11 month old son. He loves them. His first walking shoes! Super cute Air Force ones!", "Got a pair of these shoes for my granddaughter. They look good with any outfit and they are very stylish. Easy to keep clean also.", "Brought these for my daughter for PE.  She loves them and so do I. VERY sturdy shoe!  Thank you very much!", "I really love my shoes its just what i wanted could not be more happy you guys are the best i have a lot more money to spend  by you guys.", "Very comfortable and stylish! Fit as indicated and foot breathes in them.  Received many compliments each time that I wear them.", "Love these new shoes, they are very comfortable and also really nice looking. Size is pretty accurate. I would recommend this good product.", "Thanks they're perfect!  Great fit, comfortable and my son really likes them.  Would order them again in the future. Thanks", "I was initially checking out the old school chuck taylors but I figured hey nikes would be more comfortable and its all about the comfort man and they look awwwwwww sum.  I highly recommend these kicks to only my close friends but I love everyone in the world bro oooooooow.", "This shoe looks very nice and I would buy it .... It you listed the size.Who would buy a shoe if they don't know what size they ordered?!", "the fit very good and wear perfect and the color go good with my outfit that I wear.i  would like the clor also in black", "i love these! best color for the 13s in my opinion. i'm very satisfied. the order shipped and arrived relatively quickly and the shoes were legit. the price was reasonable as well since most want 300 or more once they sell out. i'm definitely ordering from these guys again!", "I Was Anticipating For These Jays and They Were Everything I Was Seeking For In These Retro 13's. Im Like The Only Dude On My Block That Coped These Jays . And For 70 Dollars Cheaper! Great Deal Thanks F.S. Fashion!", "My son love the shoes.It took a whole week to arrive,but I was satisfied when i seen the shoes.I will be shopping with F.S. Fashion again.", "nice shoes  nice feeling  perfect stylereally nice color  and quanlity  i wanna another one in the futurethx any way", "Bought this hat for the outdoor poll. It stays on in the water and dries fast. The color is wicked cool.", "Good", "I bought these for my 14 year old grandson. They are the perfect colors for his high school Basketball team. He loves the colors, fit, and they are comfortable. I got tired of going from one store to another, and discovered Amazon. I'll shop again.", "Grandson's only wear these kind of socks. Made well and the fit is excellent . Colors are exactly as stated.", "delivered promptly met all expectations.  my grandson was thrilled.  he really thinks he can play basketball better with these socks", "They look great and fit very well.  My fashion-consious, athletic son wears them often.  I would definitely buy them again.", "Price is right, shoes are great. At first I thought they might be knockoffs since they had a brown box. But I researched them and they are legit.", "Bought this shoe to do P90X3 workouts at home.  The shoe feels good and provides the support I was looking for during the workouts.  The shoe is light and is also great for wearing all day or jogs/walks/runs.  My wife has a pair of the female version and she loves them as well.", "I ordered these shoes because the price could not be beat.  It is a wide size and those are very hard to find in stores.  I received my order in two days and was beyond satisfied when I opened them up.  They look and feel great!!! I wear them everyday, they are light and super comfortable.", "First pair of running shoes and I love em! Great price too, cant wait for my next pair! Yup yup", "Like you're walking on air. Nikes run about a half size big, so buy accordingly. Great looking durable shoes...did I mention comfortable..?", "They are very comfortable well made. The material is great for play tennis. They are light weight what is great. The colors are perfect just what I wanted", "I have the worst feet, especially when it comes to working out.  These shoes are very comfortable.  Perfect for yoga.  But I also where them for more high impact workouts like Insanity (probably not ergonomically sounds, but they get me through a workout way better than cross-trainers).  Not to mention, they are just so cool looking.", "Bought these for my fianc&eacute; and he just loves them. Great fit, look great. awesome colors. Would buy these again.", "I bought these to go with yellow and black themed outfits in my wardrobe they are not to outragous and do the job well so ya they're cool, nothing spectacular but nice", "Very stylish and comfortable sometimes hard to say about air force ones. And all around good shoes would buy again", "The color is right, the fit is great. I would recommend these shoes to anyone. Great Buy!!If you looking for a good pair of shoes get these.", "Ordered for a friend.They just wished the shoe was black. In all regards the shoe is nice and the kid will be happy walking around in it.", "Shoes are great!love the color. Traction is superb. Very comfortable. it does run a bit wide, easily solved however by placing another layer of insole over the original.", "Bought these to match my girls Nike Park IV jerseys.  It was just a shade off but you can't really tell unless you're staring at the two items.  Material is pretty sturdy. She slides around the grass/dirt alot and they seem to hold up pretty well.", "These are amazing shoes great colors fit perfect if you like these you have to get the elites with them", "Great shoes very comfortable smooth relaxed very light no knock off all real played basketball in these shoes and there great", "One of the best lebron x color ways. Home. I got these for a tourney at home. Rocked these at it. All compliments on great", "My son love this shoe. He wears them everyday. The ankle support is great and you can wear it with any type of jeans! It was a bit pricey!", "Cute", "I like the shoes but they run small. I have to really loosen up the ties to wear them for a longer duration without killling my feet. The style is appealing and the inside is supportive.", "Good shoes for me, I'm not a big runner, I just needed something new for the gym. They fit great, BUT i'm not sure they are real Nike's..... but for the price, I don't really care.", "I had ordered other shoes earlier and they were way too small.  I was dreading that these shoes were going to be the same.  Nope, these shoes fit great, they are comfortable as well!!!!", "Cute sneaker, have gotten alot of compliments. I ordered 8 1/2 first but they run slightly big, sent those back for an 8 and they fit fine.", "I love the look just ordered the wrong size I was not too happy about the price I feel they are very pricey", "Shoes are so light on your feet.  Can't even tell you have it on.  Plus pink is my ultimate favorite color!!", "are great but must get a half size larger because they run small. But I love them; very comfortable. ....", "My husband surprised me with these for Christmas.  They fit perfectly and are extremely comfortable.  Very pleased with this purchase!", "If used to walk they hurt the feet. Great for running but not for mixing with walking or other sports.", "Love my new Nike Air Max! I do have to add inserts to offer more support but they offer what I need for a high intensity aerobic work out.", "Dope!!!! Soon as I seen these they screamed buy me now..Nike never fails on style & comfort & the colorway is beyond cool", "Great", "These nike airmax are pretty nice..  They are very comfortable, pretty light  and the mix of pink colors are really nice. I got lots of compliments. I would recommend this shoe!", "I am very happy with this product. The sneakers are very comfortable, the running shoe is true to your size. I would recommend this product to anyone that does exercise, like myself. These shoes are great for running or aerobics because of the comfortable fit your feet is not impacted on those jumps and squats during an aerobics routine.", "So glad I purchased these!  I love my HOT pink Nike Air shoes, its like your walking on AIR ... Nike Air!!!  These are comfortable, light on the feet and I get compliment all the time.  So worth the cost!", "This was an absolute steal !!! I thought it was going to be a disaster when I only paid $19.99 for Nike Air Max, which are typically over $100. I love, love, love my purchase !!!", "I purchased these for a friend who was in a MVA and was relearning to walk in a rehab facility.  He loved these shoes because they are very lightweight yet offer good support and are comfortable.", "my wife is very pleased she has small feet and have to buy the boys sizes because she's more of the athletic type and dont like the girly colors.  lol", "They look real nice, but the sizes are about a size to small. I suggest buying a size larger than you wear to have a comfortable fit.", "It's a nice, lightweight training shoe on the hardcourts for those ballers working out!  Fashionable and many color combos to choose from!", "I can't be clear enough in telling a future buyer of the Powerline shoe that you will end up with a sturdy great looking shoe! It works great as a shoe to wear for daily activities and also a great fitness shoe. The shoe arch support was flatter than I expected but nothing to complain about as it fits my foot very well. The color also makes it a great fitness shoe because you don't have to worry about it showing its wear and tear if you are doing trail running or mountain biking. Overall, for me, I would recommend this shoe to anyone whose looking for a stylish athletic shoe or a great fitness shoe. Kudos to Nike for making this shoe!I wish though that they would bring back the original Powerline in some more color designs, or at least make it easier to order from stores!", "My son loves his shoes they look just as pictured no flaws nothing fits well everything...he was a happy camper will buy from this seller again!!", "I love this shoe design, I love how it looks, I have wonderful memories of when I first owned this shoe, but I had to return them because they have to be the most uncomfortable shoes I have ever worn.  There is no cushioning in the heel, the high top just rubs into your achilles, the shoe is stiff and doesn't bend, and there is little to no cushioning in the sole.  I have hiking boots that are way more comfortable than these!  It's a tragedy because I love how this shoe looks, but it's completely unfunctional.", "Great shoe. Lots of compliments. Comfortable but would be perfect if they accommodated my wide, duck-like feet. A better choice for the narrow of foot.", "I love this product .when I don't want toCaried a big purse this waist little bagCome handy ,....  The material is excellent", "I wanted a change and I made the best decision, love the way the look and the way they fit. I use them all the time and never get tired, plus the colors are perfect.", "I ordered these for my use in Afghanistan--the \"shower shoes\" sold in the PX have razor-thin straps that twist and cut into your feet!  The straps on these Nikes are thick and comfortable!  There has been no tendency for the straps to \"pull through\" the sole of the sandal--these are very sturdy sandals.  I am definitely taking them with me when I leave this place!  The sizing, by the way, is perfect!", "Love this shoe! Get compliments all of the time . If you enjoy Nike Free ( you will definitely love this style) .", "Almost all expectations requiered! Only the design was not aproved by my kids, above that, great product, very good price, Jordan brand most preferred by the people into the basketball world.Thanks.", "I was not a runner until I found this shoes.Now I love jogging.It made a difference in my feet and ankles.", "Perfectly fit on my feet!It will be better if it includes the nike plus chip in the shoe box", "I love these shoes they fit great and look awesome i am so glad i bought these no problems at all.", "Dissapointing comfort during work out.  I bought for Insanity and returned the next day.  Asia's Gel Intensity is a lot better option.", "Very high quality shoe for the price. Unbelievably cushy sole that makes it very comfortable to walk in, great for weightlifting or cross training.", "I LOVE those shoes ! They are really comfortable and pretty ! Everyday i hear like complements about them ;))  I highly recommend!!!", "I bought these because I walk a lot and since purchasing them have taken up running.  I love these shoes and I love the look.", "Using these for gym work outs.  I love the stability of a flat shoes (as opposed to a running shoe). I have completed both Insanity and P90x without them... when I began another round of Insanity I decided cross trainers would be nice... I wish I had gotten them sooner!!!!", "This was a present for my husband. He was very happy with them.  They fit great and are very comfortable.", "These are a very nice pair of sneakers. Love the style and price. I will recommend these sneakers to anyone.", "Best pair of running shoes that I have found, my back and feet don't hurt like they did before I bought these, am looking at getting another pair in a few months. I love the color :)", "C&oacute;modas ,tiene buen agarre en la cancha , tienen un buen dise&ntilde;o y erg&oacute;nomicamente perfectasComfortable, has good grip on the court, are well designed and ergonomically perfect", "I love the Kobe 8 shoe, best of 2013 IMO in style and comfort.However, I question this listing. Price is way too high (other review mentions this). The label on the box in the picture provided doesn't look right, should have price tag. Description also says it's leather, it actually has no leather but engineered mesh.I'm willing to bet that these are fakes. Just be cautious.", "Just not wide enough. Had to return them at my expense. They looked great though. Hopefullty, I can get them in a wider size.", "Great fit and look great!  Very comfortable which hardly ever happens when I order sneakers on line! Very happy with this purchase and would certainly buy again from this vender!", "Like Nike Air Max Shoes and the color of them . They are comfortable. I would recommend thisshoe to a friend", "Incredible sport shoes. It fits a little shorter than i was spected. But i love it. If feels very confortable.", "love love love these bought these for my girlfriend and shes LOVES them she cant stop thanking me for them great shoe very comfortable and feels good to see an OG colorway", "My 16-year-old is a shoe crazy kid, and he absolutely LOVES these tennis shoes.  They're beautiful!  They change colors from purple to teal when turned at different angles, and the bottoms glow-in-the-dark for an extra special feature.  I believe I spent way too much money on them, but they're sold out in every store, Nike can't confirm that they'll ever release them again, and it was the first tennis shoe that my son's liked, that I actually liked too.", "AWESOME SHOES GREAT PRICE AND THEY FIT MY BF VERY GOOD AND HE WAS VERY PLEASED AND WANTS TO ORDER ANOTHER PAIR THANKS", "They fit perfect and the colors is as expected and they look great on my feet and goes good with jeans", "Perfect zise, colours and very comfy. If i could i would wear them every day. Just love them", "I haven't try it but it is kind a quality Jordan. I like its color; but, if its color is white instead of metallic silver, it can be more attractive.", "I love the way these shoes look and feel. They are comfy to wear all day long and I've recieved several compliments on how good they look.", "These shoes fit my son perfect and the hat is so soft it is the only one my son will keep on his head.", "look like the picture great gift for son thank you for the quick delivery satisfied customer.", "love the fit, feel and looks. exactly as I expected. was looking for this colorway in my size and was happy to finally find it", "They are light weight & very durable. And the color really pops!! I wear them with summer suits. And they are a great conversation starter", "These are easily the best pair of basketball shoes I've bought in my life. They fit perfectly and weigh close to nothing! I also get endless compliments about them.", "The first time i put them on i thought they were too tight but then i realized it was meant to fit to your feet. it's a great shoe, very comfortable and not bulky at all. beautiful color, i want to get the atomic teal as well!", "Light weight, good looking, fits well.  Best price we found (but, overpriced anyway).Hope to get a lot of use out of them.", "First time buying shoes online. And I couldn't be any happier!!", "I ordered these for my son's birthday, they arrived early and he was very happy with them. We live in different cities so I couldn't be there on that day but his gift was waiting at the door when he got home from school.", "Great shoes,well fit.  Excellent shipping time.", "This shoes are wonderful, they arrived on time and they where what i expected, but i will say the price is still a little steep.  They are quite sturdy.", "Shoes looks very good and feels comfortable. only downfall i may say is that some people might not like the shiney material on the shoe. I would recommend this shoe to anyone, its very light on your feet and again extremely comfortable.", "Pretty cool colorway of a nice comfortable sneaker. I use these to play in and the are very comfortable and have maximum cushioningPros:Very comfortableCool colorsCushioning is top notchThe laces are very high qualityVentilation is alrightCons:expensive!!", "GREAT LOOK, FEELS GOOD, ORIGINAL STYLE, U STAND OUT IN THE STREETS, PEOPLE GIVE U COMPLIMENTS ALL DAY.. IF U WANT TO STAND OUT, BUY THIS, NO DOUGHT..", "dem shoes doe. they be so saggin and swaginn. man you bros really know how to make dem shoes. swag", "The shoes are as represented.  They look wonderful, and of course, a thirteen year old junior high student couldn't be more impressed.  They arrived in the time specified.", "Shoe is true to size. Very comfortable when wearing sneaker.  Shoes are able to breath so your feet don't get irritated", "Color is as bright as it gets. Incredible shoes and very comfortable. Please with the Name attached to it yiu can't beat that", "My lil guy is so picky and every shoes he tries hurts. These however were perfect and they are true to his size. Thanks again.", "Perfect for my very active 5 year old nephew.  Fits comfortably and is wearing quite well as is expected of a Nike product.  No regrets!!", "Bought for my son for school.  Love them because they are very sturdy.", "It is great to wear underneath other items of clothing.  The DryWick feature helps to keep you comfortable and warm.  Love it!", "They were a gift and he loved them. So glad you had a pair. They are hard to find. Thanks.", "Bought these after owning a Lunar Glide 1 and 2. These feel really light for being a water proof shoe. They look very stylish as well. The only reason why they didn't get a 5 is due to the yellow/green not being what inexpected", "The Lunarglide is Great shoe and true to size.The shoe is light and feels great while running or walking", "Fits perfect, delivered when expected and made with reflective material. Love them, fits just like NIKE's always do. Highly reccomend", "Bought these for my son who runs CC at college.  He loves them and says they are the best shoes he has worn in his years of running.", "Fantastic fit-I have wide and flat feet. The width at top of foot is perfect even how shoe is not classified as a 'wide' fit. Great cross trainer shoe that fits perfect and great for cardio and weight training at gym. Highly recommend this shoe!", "I bought this shoes, and i love it. The size is perfect and its very light when im wearing it. 100% recomment", "Great running shoe. I had the same pair before and needed a replacement. Already put 26 miles on them.Very comfortable n light.", "just a perfect shoes, comfortable, fit as expected... super light weight, i love this shoes for running or trainning at gym", "these were a christmas gift and he loved them.  sizing was perfect, color is just what he wanted.great price too!", "Not being a skater myself I always just look for something that looks good and these shoes do that extremely well, beautiful design and nice cushioning, wish they were a little easier to break in but all in all I cannot complain!", "My son is a VERY active athlete and wears these shoes a lot. They remain looking great and are one of his favorites.", "These shoes look and feel great! They fit true to size. The shoes are great for long boarding and all around skateboarding. I hioghly recommend these shoes for comfort, style and performance!!!!", "Everything was perfect, and my boyfriend's shoes fit excellently; couldn't be happier with the experience. Thank you so much Amazon!", "These Nikes do not show dirt and seem to be lasting well. They do fit true to size. Would recommend.", "i need a shoes for begin my training, this shows are very confortable and look and perfect good in my feet", "Extremely comfortable!", "Great!!!", "Love this shoe , perfect fit. My husband loves the color and the shoe was the right size he wears.", "I'm not hard to please and these shoes are easy to love. Perfect fit. extreme comfort in this model and the color sceme couldn't be more on-point. Holler!", "I was shopping around for these Nike Men's Air Defy sneakers and was on another site that I thought was very reasonable and said to my self, &#34;before I buy let me check it against Amazon&#34;.Well Amazon did it again and beat a competitor's price. I saved over $25.Thank you Amazon!!These shoes are so comfortable and I will certainly recommend them to anyone who are looking for sneakers that feel like they are wearing slippers.", "Shoes are comfortable, lightweight, and perfect for running, walking and also for wearing in the gym. If you have a broad foot i think you should choose a larger size than normal.", "Light weight.  Comfortable for home gym use", "Fitting is perfect. Shoe is very lite. I love the combination of red and black. Nice looking. Seem to,have good grip. I have not try them yet. My only worry is that for a trail shoe, they feel soft.  I will give a other feedback when i ran in them.", "Love these.  I have medical inserts, but, work out regular.  These fit with the inserts and give ample support/traction.  I recommend", "They are very light weight and comfortable to run in. Not too narrow in the toes as some Nike shoes can be.", "I took these shoes on a recent trekking/camping trip in Peru for use as &#34;in camp&#34; shoes instead of sandals.  They worked great!  They are lighter than my sandals and kept my toes from getting bruised by all the rocks.  I also wore them in town and now wear them when hiking on the &#34;easy&#34; hike/bike trails around Austin.  Great purchase.", "love the shoe", "Super light and comfortable!", "I ordered these for my grandson so I can only give you his opinion.  He loved the shoes, said they are very comfortable and a a good fit.  His words were what I used for the title, awesome shoes.", "I had owned last year's version of the Dual Fusion and knew what to expect before purchasing. Shoe fits perfectly, very comfortable, good all around athletic shoe. Arrived withing two days as expected.", "My distance shoe is Asics, but this shoe is very comfortable for casual use or short runs. Great looking shoe too.", "Had Fusion before so I knew these were going to be good but these are even better that I expected!", "Liked the shoe. They breathable and comfortable. Took some time to break them, but were them often. I recommend this shoe family and friends.", "I have three of this style. I would would buy this product again when I need a new pair. Nike lovers will want this shoe !!", "Have had the shoe several months now and I'm completely satisfied. Wearing well and very comfortable.", "These will primarily be a gym shoe but they looked better than the picture, so these will get more foot time.  The light gray and red look really nice and they are very comfortable .  Good price from another store.", "My son wanted these, we ordered them and they were perfect. He wears a 13 and the fit was spot on.", "These are very comfortable and have lots of padding on the sole. They look great and you'll be the envy of everyone at the gym!", "Very comfortable running shoes. Do not soak. Beautiful. I fell in love with them running. Size 7 came on the 24 cm foot.", "COMFORTABLE!!!!! I'm a big guy, and I don't ever smile after putting on new shoes - I just wear 'em. These however, as cliche' as it may sound, got me feeling like I'm walking on clouds. Nike I've heard is a great brand, but actually wearing it is beyond compare.", "They were on time and my daughter loves them. They fit great colorful just as it appeared on the website", "My 7 years daughter loves it. Very nice and trendy. Sizes run somewhat large. Colors are very neat.I will  definitely recommend it.", "LOVE these shoes!!", "My daughter loves these. They fit as expected, they look even cooler in person, and they are super comfortable for track practice or a run in the neighborhood. Here's hoping they are also durable!", "Love: color, breathabilityDon't love: snugness after arch support.If you need to add an arch support, order a half size up.", "hot pink HOT DAMN! love these cushy suckers, and I look fab in them too!&#60;3 Buy now ladies... or gents", "I love this everyday shoe, love the different colors... I would highly recommend this shoe.  I have 4 different colors and might buy more.", "These shoes are just as pictured. Comfortable for a jog or walk. Nice looking and practical. I would highly recommend.", "It was very comfortable from when i put them on.....i recommend it to anyone who trys this particular shoes....love it", "Nike product looked great& fit well. Again, these were purchased as a Christmas gift, so I have no first-hand knowledge of their comfort. My daughter is a workout freak, and she has worn them everyday for that purpose!", "My college age daughter asked for running shoes for Christmas.  When she was in junior high and high school she ran cross country, she came to prefer Nike running shoes then.  She says the fit of these shoes are very comfortable from the very first time she put them on. She has already put several miles on these shoes and is still happy with the fit and comfort while she runs.", "These sneakers are very comfortable and the color is awesome!! Much better than the pic shows!  They are bright and fun!", "very comfrtable", "I love these shoes - I wear them both at the gym and on bike rides though they are a bit narrower than my Nike Relentless 3's. Also, I bought these in an 8 (like my Relentless 3's) and they're more snug both width-wise and along the bridge (top) of my foot.", "Great shoe! Very comfortable so far. The heel seems a little deep, but I've had no friction problems with it. The laces are a bit short for a running shoe, but I can change those. They are also super cute in the grey and pink! Love them!", "Fit as expected and they are very comfortable.  I love nike and thats all i ever buy and will continue to.", "I think they look nice and fit well and don't show the dirt.  I've bought these same shoes twice now b/c I loved the first pair so much and got lots of compliments.  They match lighter outfits with white socks and darker outfits with black socks.", "These shoes are lightweight and comfy, perfect for a runner.  I have high arches and these shoes have great support.  They also allow the foot some air to keep from being too sweaty.", "These have got to be the most comfortable, light, cushioned, tennis shoe I have ever had the pleasure of putting on my feet. They are a nice BRIGHT hot pink color which I love and they are much more beautiful than the picture portrays. I could not be happier!", "Great price, fast shipping and excellent fit. We live in Zambia, so true to size shoes are essential for us, as sending them back is not really an option, since they are brought over with visitors from the US.", "Great shoe. Hubby bought them for me to use in a marathon. Feels great not too tight or too loose. Good deal on price. Shipping was  fast.", "I had tried the Relentless 2 before, but not this model.  I am pleased to know I can weave them as well!  Thanks!", "the very nice tennis, very nice color, very good warm shoes, are very well made, heavy ejecicio endure. I recommend it to people who do enough exercise", "But these aren't my favorite. For the first time in 20+ years of wearing Nikes I got a blister on my heel wearing these. It only happened the first time I wore them, and they're mostly comfortable now, but I still don't like the tongues-- they feel too narrow. Other than that, a great shoe, supportive and the soles are grippier and much sturdier than the ones on my previous pair of Nikes.", "I liked the shoes but they were to narrow, the size fit, loved the shoes but could not get them on my foot.", "This is a very lightweight and comfortable shoe. I think it's a little bit less that I'd want in a running show in that it's not the best underfoot padding and flexibility. However, the fit is great and the show is light and breathable.", "is the regale my wife really likes", "bought as a present to my wife.we use to run 3 times a week and they accomplish perfect the task", "i like these shoes alot i would get another pair soon i am probably getting another color though  love them", "I love this shoe! This is by far the most comfortable tennis shoe I have ever worn. I frequently take 2 mile walks in these and the experience is great. They really did not need to be broken in but I buy a size bigger than I would wear in other shoes. Very light and comfortable. I love the bright florescent color- I feel safer walking in dimmer lighting.  I am very happy with this version of Nike running shoe. I recommend it to anyone looking for a comfortable and durable pair of walking/running shoes.", "they are not real comfortable to wear all day, they need more cushion.  I am going to buy some gel pads.  so you might want to buy a half size bigger if you plan to put gel pads in them.  they are real pretty, I like them for a few hours.  I have a wide foot and they fit me good.  I wear a 10 in every shoe, and ordered a 10 and they fit good.", "The colors on this Nike just pop and they have the same great quality and comfort I have come to expect in Nike. I've received many compliments on my hip kicks.", "Love the colors and they are extremely comfortable! Perfect for running. I'm very satisfied with my purchase. And the price!", "I love these shoes!!!!!! I'm a nurse,on feet all day. I wanted something comfortable and stylish for work to match my uniforms,this works great. My son,whose 10yrs old created this Amazon account,I stumbled upon it,I had no idea all they offer,along with free or real reasonable shipping,now I always order from them. It's fast,amazing products,and great customer service. Thanks Amazon.", "Never did I see this color combination in a vintage Nike Cortez shoe.  The pair I bought are awesome and they are authentically constructed.  I dig the way the heel is rounded, not squared like the later versions.  These are the best!!!", "Fit perfectly, lightweight and breathable. These sneakers required no breaking in and fit like an old pair of friends. Love the punch of color. Great value for price.", "I really love my shoes. I love the color. I love how they feel. I just love them period :)", "I love my new Nikes! The colors,the neon laces,they are very confortable I had to go out to run at the same moment taht i received them!", "I am totally satisfied with my shoes. I love them! Got them on time and it really worth the money.", "I bought these as a perpetual Nike shoe purchaser.  They fit perfectly.  The colors were nice and bright.  I did a 3 mile run to break them in and had no complaints.", "They fit perfectly and are very light and comfortable once i wore them for a day or two to break them in. The back of them are very stiff so if you don't like that, these may not be for you.", "They are really comfortable.Love how they fit.I use them a lot.And I also love the colors.Perfect.", "I wear a size 6, but ordered a 6 1/2 since I would be wearing to walk and work out. Alittle big, but very comfortable. Love the bright colors. Would order a 6 next time.", "The shoe fits perfectly. These shoes were comfortable from the start. I didn't have to Wear them in. Love running trails and concrete with these! Highly recommend them!", "I would definitely recommend this shoe!! I bought this shoe for my trip to Denver. My feet didn't hurt at all. I walked all over the city and hiked in the snow. Didn't think they'd hold up in the snow but they did. My feet didn't get wet and I didn't slip at all, this shoe has awesome traction.", "Good fit, true to size!  My son loves these and wears them everywhere!They came to the house in a timely manner.  I will order from them again!", "these socks are awesome! the color lasts, and they are great fit. i will totally recommend these sock, along with other elite socks.", "Definitely bnew and right size! Love it! Can't believe i'm wearing a kid's shoe. I am female and 30y/o but have men's size us 7 so size GS 7Y is just about right! Bang for the buck.", "Good for lounging.I needed these to throw on if I just have socks on and need to go out to the yard. They fit fine for that, but if you're going to use them often for walks or something, I found they rubbed the top of my foot after a while, but perhaps I just need to break them in more. They are a little small in length for my heel, it's pushing it. I recommend going a size larger than your usual.", "First of all, I would like to say that I don't know why there's no reviews of this product.The product is exactly as pictured, very light and looks good in personal. It's a quality product, for running or any other outdoor or indoor physical activity. I'm happy with this purchase and I definitely recommend this seller and this particular product.", "the kids love this one, the kids always want weaR THIS BRAND, maybe when CR7 change of brand, the kid will do the same", "He likes these a lot, but a bit too big for now. Will be great for &#34;back to school&#34; shoes.", "I suddenly became a sneaker head for my son. I love these shoes. They wash and cleanup really good for toddlers. This is his 2nd pair and I will be buying a 3rd pair when he grows out of these.", "DO NOT BUY THESE THERE KNOCKOFFS OF THE REAL PRODUCT BUT THEY DONT SAY THIS IN THE DESCRIPTION THEY MAKE IT OUT TO LOOK LIKE THE REAL THING!!", "We got them for a friend gift, they size 0-6 but fits better when the baby is around 3 months old or around 12lbs +.", "absolutely love these, they are adorable and we have gotten so many compliments on how cute they are. definitely worth the money", "Love them!!", "a little goofy looking , but they fit great, easy not having laces. very comfortable. I use them for walking &  hiking (light trails) with my dogs. they seem very sturdy.", "it is such a great shoe.each time i wear it it only displays the classic authenticity of this shoes.i love it", "I had an original pair of the '90s Air Icarus and have been looking for a replacement for years.  The original pair finally wore completely out two years ago.  These newer Icarus are as close to the original as possible and I would recommend them to anyone who knew how good the originals were.", "This is my favorite shoe to run in.  It's comfortable, true to size and more importantly for me I don't get shin splints when running in them.  I mainly use these for when I'm running on the road or sidewalks.  They absorb the impact pretty well...I still wear a shin splint sleeve for extra support though so it could be that as well :0)  Either way, I love this shoe-got it in two different colors.", "This product was excellent, is made of good material and are very comfortable, it is just what I needed,  I love", "Great shoe but the size is at least 2 sizes too small.Make sure to order 1-2 sizes larger than you normally wear.It's a hassle to return them.", "100% recommend this purchase to all! Great shoes, extremely comfortable and am always getting compliments on them. They came in perfect condition except slight dirty soles that led me to believe someone had tried them on perhaps. (Would have given 5 starts)  Overall, great shoes and fast delivery!", "Awesome and comfortable, buy one size up to fit though. I wear a 9 and bought a 10, perfect fit", "Great kicks!  Shoe metro sent wrong color combo so took 20% off... Waiting for refund..", "Ive been looking for this shoe and finally I got it! Thanks for the awesome shoe! I was kinda hoping to look for a cheaper one but this was the one I seen.", "bought to match some of my outfits, fits perfectly", "I got these as a gift for Christmas, They fit great and are very comfortable on the court. I'm flat-footed and these are still comfortable. I had an old pair of T-macs that I was using and my feet were killing me, I played in these for the first time the other day with no hurting feet.", "You get what you pay for. These shoes are worth every dime! Good fit, nice look and durable!!  Can't go wrong with Jordans!!!", "sweet", "Glad I found these sweat pants at a great price.  They are of great quality and fit just fine. I love the elastic bands on the legs!", "please just buy the shoes, your childs feet will thank you for it when they are grown and they have healthy feet", "My toddler feels comfortable very easy for him to put on himself. I love them they look like they have a lot of comfort very easy and the make of the shoe is flexible just perfect when he runs and jumps around , I hope Nike makes this shoe throughout his growth so that I can cont. To buy this shoe as he gets older.", "So many toddler shoes have stiff unbending soles.  I think kid's feet should flex as intended.  These Nike Free shoes are substantial, but are soft and flexible too.  Plus, they are very cute, and easy to get on.  Our boy loves them.", "It is a warm piece of clothe, and very comfortable to make excercise and tu run with. Aditionally it fots very good!. Ideal for running in cold weather. Colors look really cool!", "I like it that it has a feminine cut and a good fabric. Cleans really easily and also dries very fast. All and all, if you need an extra workout shirt, please know that I as a user love it and hopefully it will be a good match for you also. It does run a bit big, but in time everything shrinks (except our bodies--lol", "I ordered this shirt for my daughter to run a relay marathon in and it is exactly what she wanted.  Very comfortable.", "great looking shoe, fits as expected, fair price, wears welllooks nice with long pants because it looks like they have laces", "Very good backpack size is ok and design is good recommended for all whether you're travellingor going to school or work", "I still wear underwear - I'm just that way- cotton all the way!They are great- I can't tell I have them one and they are comfy.  I have full motion and they wick moisture well", "Purchased this for my annual Hawaii trip of hiking and was perfect for the weather...  not to hot, not cold, and was great for the unexpected light showers.  It is true to size - I am 4'11 and weigh about 95 pounds; x-small fit perfect!", "I was hesitant to purchase these thinking they'd make my muffin top look like other shorts have lately, but I love the fit! Great length, my muffin top was kept in check, no rolls.  Great shorts & will order more! You will not be disappointed :)", "This purple color is awesome. The fit is right on. I've logged several runs in them with no complaints.  They are lightweight and comfortable.", "Never owned a pair of Jordans, I don't believe in paying so much for a pair of athletic shoes. They are not the newest style but they never loose their cool factor and that's what makes this a great bargain.", "Theses are hot.i get plenty of complements when I wear these and they are also comfortable thinking of getting another color", "The Nike Rain Suit is a quality garment. The Jacket fit quite well, the pants were okay but a bit to long,  I may have to have them tailored.", "Awesome shirt, got it for a gift for my dad! He loves these Nike golf shirts, incredible fit and quality! Also seller was very prompt to answer a question of mine! Very nice!", "The picture and the discription were different. I got a different color then the picture. Guess it was my fault for not reading the discription. Still happy with the shoe!", "Great product and quick delivery, the real deal. Only thing is that the shoe is wide in front, not a shoe for everyone.", "Love this shoe!  The style, look and comfort are super!  These were recommended to me by an experienced runner, and I couldn't be happier with her recommendation.", "This fits well and allows for the easy wicking of perspiration.  It is also comfortable and the colors are vibrant.", "my daughter plays soccer and this was a good value. fit as expected, comfortable. value was my biggest issue because as a sports mom Nike Pro bra are expensive but worth the $, this is better than retail and last", "My son says they're awesome. They fit well, are comfortable, and according to a 12 year old, look very cool.", "Very light shoe with good ankle support and shock absorption.  I feel good moving around in these shoes.Ordered a size 12, and it was a tad bit longer than I anticipated, but it fits well.", "This is my daughter's favorite basketball shoe and the 4th pair we have purchased. She currently plays on 3 club level basketball teams so they get a lot of use.  She has tried many other Nikes and other brands and just never likes the fit. These are the perfect fit and feel for her.  She tends to have a bit narrower ankle.", "Excellent shoes to play indoor basketball, it keeps your ankle safe, specially if you tend to do mane &#34;crossover&#34; while dribbling ... Recommended", "These shoes color is so amazing. My son loves them. You will stand out in a crowd for sure. The fit is good and he said they make him run faster :)", "My 11 year old loves this style. They are very light weight. He is really particular about shoes & comfort - this was a great fit. The neon is quite bright - he thinks its kind of awesome. They are pretty cool.", "lightweight and super great colors....my son's new favorite shoe for tennis!  Shoes arrived on time and are more comfortable than most that we have triedalso true to size", "I love the brightness of the shoe! It fit's just how I thought it would fit. They came just in time for my indoor soccer season! I highly recommend these shoes and the brand is VERY trustworthy.", "I purchased these shoes to play recreational ball games about a week ago.  First impressions were the appearance of the shoe was second to none!  I really like that the shoe comes with black, white, and red laces.  I put the red ones in as I wanted to accent the red in the shoe.  Very well constructed shoe and doesn't seem like it will crease or wear out very quickly.  Since them, I have done several &#34;Insanity&#34; workouts and played 3 pickup games of BB at the rec.  The first workout that I did in them I could tell they were new shoes but they seemed to brake in fast.  After the first few workouts I play some BBall and they were amazing!  Great traction, and stayed right with me when driving and making cuts.  I would highly recommend these for for anyone looking for a good BBall shoe!", "Nice color scheme. 1st time seeing cool grey Air Jordan 1's. It's a comfortable fit as expected. Only problem is that it wrinkles easy...", "The shoe came as described and fit as expected. This was not my first pair of AJ 1's but I am once again a satisfied customer. I can't speak for how they are to hoop in they are definitely a great casual shoe.", "perfect fit and love the comfort as much as the looks! looks really good with denim jeans. Your getting quality", "Bought this shoe for my dad, wasn't sure he would have like it,  but he LOVES it !True to size and caters wonderfully for wide width feet. Was also pleasantly surprised by the quick delivery.My dad is almost 60 years old by the way :)", "My son loves these shoes. They arent as black as the picture shows. They have suede materail and it looks like a charcoal grey. The shoes still look great even with the color difference.My son skateboards and wanted these shoes for when he is boarding. They seem to do everything he expected them to do!!!! I just wanted them to look good and fit!!!! and they do :)", "My  son  is  satisfied  with  nike  hypervenom phelon tf.The  shoes is  good  design and  nice  color.  My  son  is  so  happy.", "Great product, fits perfectly in my back pocket.  Love the design and functionality of this product.  Couldn't have asked for a better product.", "I like this &#34;layout&#34;, with room for several credit cards, but the cards fit very tight. Almost too tight. Otherwise it's pretty good, nice leather.", "Great thanks Well i'm Very happy with my things. My kids are Very enjoy it them. Oralia mata. Happy day :) you are Very honest in time and price.", "We returned these because my son felt they didn't look like they did on the site.  They look bigger and chunkier.  He also didn't like the color.  They are good quality - sturdy and would wear well.", "Best cleats I ever owned, regardless of price. I play mainly on turf, but this cleats are HYBRID, they perform really well on grass as well. They are very comfortable, foot/ankle support is excellent.", "Great AG shoe that nike discontinued. Great artificial grass cleats. Nice color. Nike's new version of this shoes is a disappoint.", "I'm happy with this shoes... but you have to be sure about your size in this kind of shoes... because the size is somewhat small that the real size.", "The are an exact fit with football socks, it suits the football field usage and not too snug during actual play", "Nike quality.....exactly what you see in the picture. Really nice.....shoking color.......impossible not to be seen......My son is very happy with them!!!!!", "My son plays college football and needed a replacement pair of cleats for natural turf.  He picked these specifically and says he's very happy with these.  He is an inside linebacker and wanted a 3/4 shoe for ankle stability but also needed a shoe that didn't weigh a ton.  He's pleased.", "best indoor shoes ever. great customer service. Very comfortable, but it has a narrow fit. They are really light and fun to use for street games.", "The shoes are good and they look great but they were smaller then I expected i still haven't used them", "They are absolutely beautiful shoes. A little on the tight side as far as width since I do have a slightly wider foot, but it is preferred for indoor/street soccer so I am very happy.", "My daughter is wearing these shoes for indoor and it took her a while to break them in and get used to the feel.  She isn't sliding around much, but I think they would be better suited for futsal/hard court surfaces versus turf.  She really likes them and says they are comfortable!", "Got here sooner than expected. Fits perfectly, love to work out in it. Super cute. Love the retro look! Thanks!", "Very Comfortable shoe that fits great.", "MY SON LOVES THIS SHOE I PLAN ON BUYING MORE", "Its a really comfortable shoe.", "These were cute and stylish. My son got great wear out of them. Plus the grips on the bottom were a plus when he was just walking thru the house. Great Buy!", "Love them I wear them every October and it supports breast cancer. And have a very good feel very light", "They so comfortable and high quality. They are very durable, the texture is of the highest of quality. Thank you", "Excellent sneakers, I have purchased this back in 97 the Royal blue and loved the way they snug our feet just perfect, Great Quality, drop dead gorgeous, highly recommended :) Super fast shipping and good pack, only if they were much cheaper would purchase 2nd pair in black on black ;)", "My son looks adorable in these shoes!  They are perfect for running and playing outside.  Also fashionable and cool... Making him the hippest toddler on the block! :)", "Our son has a size 4 foot and we ordered the 4 1/2 since it was the only choice available.  It fit great, he's had no problems and loves the look and feel of them.  Love this purchase.", "I'm very happy with my product", "Expected the shoe to not be very comfortable but wanted it just for style purposes; however, it's extremely comfortable, well balanced and fits perfectly.", "Love it!", "I am usually not the type to order any clothing on the web, but i knew exactly which shoe fit as I tried them out at a department store.Since they department stores tend to drop lines and add new ones, you find yourself starting over with a new shoe each time.These were perfect fit and extremely light.The arch support is perfect and my foot is a little wide, which this shoe handles perfectly.", "Shoes look good and are of good quality. Style appeals to anyone that likes high tops or old school style tennis shoes. Shoes are somewhat tight in width, hopefully better as they are broke in. Shipping was prompt and excellent.", "My favorite Shox and I own several pair. Very comfortable shoes. I have a bad back so comfort is a must and Shox are awesome and they look great too. These are all leather so they'll take time to stretch for those with wide feet (like mine) but mine broke in in about a week of daily use.", "I BROUGHT THESE FOR MY SON WHO WORKS ON HIS FEET!!!NO COMPLAINTS!!!EXTREMELY COMFORTABLE ON HIS FEET!!GOOD PICK", "This shoes is very excellent", "my 14 year old son picked them out for himself and likes them. He says the fit is good; time will tell about how they hold up. The last pair of Nike's wore out at about the 6 month mark, but he was growing out of them anyway.", "The nike hyper fuse great shoe. We needed to go up 1/2 size. Vender has been easy to deal with.  I would use them again.", "This is awesome. I had to buy about a half size smaller, so it hurts after a few hours, but its super sturdy and I get a lot of looks. These shoes make me a better player before I even step on the court. People think i'm legit because i have awesome shoes.", "Perfect review, perfect shipping, offered really what reviewed by the customer, so highly recommend this product and well deserve price for quality in every aspect.", "My son has a shoe fetish for sneakers. He has  numerous pairs. These fit as expected and we paid less than in the mall. He was super happy on Christmas morning.", "These shoes are AWESOME! I wish I would have bought these sooner. Buy these and you too will love them", "The traction is what I was most impressed by. They added a couple inches to vertical leap. They are comfortable & breathe well during play. The ankle support is good.", "good look, good feel, good performance so far. I would buy these again, and also not too expensive. Nike is the best for basketball of course.", "My nephew is very proud of this shoe! He thinks that it turns him into a star basketball player!!! There is an issue with some separation of sole and the side of the shoe; very early for a shoe of this price and reputation...  :-/", "These shoes fit me and I have semi-wide feet. I couldn't wear any other shoe for basketball and I have 5 pair of hyperdunks. The color is vibrant and they fit like a glove.", "Just what I expected.......at basketball shoes Nike is the best of the best, those shoes are perfect for my training basketball sessions", "These were purchased as a Christmas present for a friend and he loved them. Mind you he did pick them out and they look so much better than they photograph.", "The Hyperdunks are some of the best looking shoes on the court today in any colour! But this classic Toronto Raptors colour theme really stands out. Style and performance on the floor and in flight! What else could you ask for!", "I got them for my son for basketball season. He is a very happy b-ball player right now. Thank you", "this shoes is very airy, comfortable and you can get the perfect fit that you want, tying more or less depending your game needings.", "As a rugby coach, running around in a gym all day can really hurt your feet. The problems I faced with other running shoes is bad form, but these shoes are so light and comfortable I have been doing great. They have good grip and surprising flexibility. I would recommend to everyone.", "Really good sneakers.", "These shoes are awesome and the color is different just what I was looking for.They grip your feet and at the same time feel comfortable.", "everybody keeps asking where I got my sneakers. I love it even thou it's a lil tight at the toes. Still a great buy!", "I agree these shoes are maybe too much. I was lucky enough to be gifted 40$ to my local sports authority thus the 90 beans turned out to be a little less than 60$. Nevertheless, I needed shoes, these worked out great, and sometimes they just don't fit the perfect way. So if you like high-top basketball kicks, wear double socks, and these shoes are a good buy.", "Size fit just the way I was hoping. Looks great. Very happy with purchase. Only thing I wasn't happy about was trying to contact seller to combine shipping sense I was buying other shoes  as well. Never heard back", "Always hard to buy shoes on the internet, but I took a chance. My wife wears a women's size 9 so that's what I went with. They are snug, but they are supposed to fit that way because of the material they are made of and the way they are sewn. At first we thought they were going to be a little too tight but after she ran in them one time she is very pleased with the fit and function. So the size was right on as a snug fitted running shoe.Oh, and they weigh like nothing so it's like running without shoes but with a good arch and sole. Amazing engineering.", "This is probably the most comfortable shoes I have ever wore. Definitely would recommend this shoe to anyone. AMAZING! Great for doing anything physical.", "Every shoe I own and have for years is a size twelve, even Nikes.  But for some reason this year I'm a size 14 in Nikes.", "One of the most comfortable shoes I've ever own. I do Cross-fit types of work out so I was looking for an overall decent shoe with some mid ankle stability and not a lot of heel cushion like your typical running shoes. This shoe exceeded my expectation, extremely comfortable and fits great. Would buy this shoe again.", "Fit is very snug, but this is a very comfortable shoe. Most people would want to buy one half-size bigger than their regular.", "Great product. Fit great.", "The shies were fine but I had some buyers remorse a week later because I found some at the Nike store for  $80.00. So probably should have done my resea", "These shoes are very light and comfortable to play with. They definitely allow great mobility and performance, while providing ankle support and protection. Recommended!!!", "I wore my hyperdunks only for the  season now I wear the were ever I want.The person who rated this before me they.  probably  wore them everywhere or tugged at the flywire. The shoes have great ankle support the flywire helps you kind a little higher.I never got an ankle injury in them.", "They were sold out all at all the local stores and I was able to find them here and get them quick.", "I bought this for my boyfriend and he absolutely loved it, the pics don't do it justice its so bright that its totally fluorescent. I love it and i wish it had a female pair. Also i love the gel netting on it. Absolutely a great buy!", "My nephew loves the shoe.  His high school basketball team enjoys playing in them.  This shoe fits perfectly and it is comfortable.", "These are the most comfortable shoes I've ever owned.  Along with these shoes I purchased a pair of Nike FlyKnit Lunar1+ shoes and tried them first, also wore them a few days prior to even trying on the Free Trainer 7's, and could not believe how light and comfy they were, and thought they were the most comfortable shoes I'd owned, that is right up till I tried the Free Trainers!  I highly recommend them both but these almost 3/4 style b'ball shoes are amazingly light and comfortable.  At first I thought they were going to be tight as the design requires you to loosen up the laces almost all the way down in order to get your foot into them, but once you do they fit (true to size) like a glove.  I purchased a pair of Asics gel kayano 19's a few months back as they are the closest shoe (comfort wise) to how I remember a good pair of Nike's, and these don't come close in quality and style of both these new nike shoes.  Do your feet a favour and buy either of these new Nike shoes.", "Length ok but somewhat tight on top of arch. May improve with additional use. Definitely, a training shoe, not for running.", "Great shoe for training as per my so, who is very had to satisfey when it comes to shoes for training.", "Nike has always been my brand for athletic shoes; they did not disappoint with the Velocitrainer!  Great fit, unique design/colors.  I am always catching other gym patrons checking them out; no doubt wishing they had a pair.  Haven't seen them anywhere but here.", "I have had multiple compliments on these shoes. They look great feel good, and perform better.  I have lifted, ran, and used these shoes casually and they are worth the purchase.  Great nike quality as usual.", "Pros:-Super light weight!-Fit just right on my typically flat heeled feet-I have used them for long distance walking (5-7miles)/basketball/short sprints/jogging/and out on the town...and I always feel so comfortable in these shoes. Probably the best pair of shoes I've ever purchased!-Oh! And I no longer have lower back pains when jogging long distances!-One note of vanity - they look really good! Would buy these shoes 100 times again!Cons:-I've had the shoes for over 3 months and have No CONS!Honestly, I will be these shoes as long as they remain on the market, Nike got it right this time indeed!", "Really good all round shoe. I use day to day and for Wing Chun training, until I get martial arts shoes.  I use more often than I thought I would. I was nervous about the size, I got a size 13, but it fits really well. Its really light and comfortable.A good buy and really worth it.", "Flexible to run with and very comfortable. A little tight when I first put them on, but I figured that's how they are designed. Stylish as well and look great!", "Not bad, nice overall.", "The shoe is fine it just ran a little large on my foot. Otherwise, the shoe is of great quality!", "Ordered these a half size larger than what I normally wear and am stoked that I did the shoes fit perfectly. They are comfortable and arrived as described by the seller....", "All around great shoe. Good for working around the house, walking dogs, to golfing. They are always comfortable no matter the conditions.", "THese have a built in strap over forfoot and help support my arch. Added some good inserts and they have helped my feet during work outs.", "My daughter loved them and they looked just as cool when we got them as they did online. She couldnt wait to ware them.", "Its like a feather in your feet and so light and comfortable. The only downside is that the face of shoes started tearing off so soon, but since it was so comfortable I d ignore everything else.", "I bought these for my son and he was very happy. He is now wanted me to order more shoes from here. We are very happy campers.", "Bought these on sale from a store. Had no idea what model they were. Seemed pretty comfortable. After using for a long time now i can say these are fantastic! Perfect for the gym and all casual walking/running. One of the best i had and i even got a few compliments on the blue color. A must have if your an active person!", "I bought these for cross training workouts! I love them!!! They are very comfortable & lightweight! Very satisfied with product & speed of delivery!", "Nice running shoe!", "also they make a noise on the airbubble every time I walk.  very annoying...like air is coming out of it.  but stylish", "These are awesome shoes for working out in. They are so well designed that your foot is very stable. You feel safe lifting heavy weights knowing that your feet will not slip out from under you.", "Look and feel good.", "Absolutely love the shoes for working out.  Price was good.  Colors are perfect for the Georgia Bulldog!", "I have always been a fan of nike product and these trainers are really nice as well but a size 12.5 would have fitted perfect nevertheless its a good shoe.", "Good:I like the fit and color of the shoe. It seems to be a well-made shoe, what I would expect from Nike. I do not wear them outside so I do not know how well they would hold up on the concrete or asphalt. These shoes are great for lateral motion and jumping.Bad:Not enough padding for my back and knees.I wear them during my TurboFire workouts. A lot of jumping and side to side motion. If you have normal knees and no back pain, I can't imagine a better shoe to workout in. I have only been wearing them 2 months so I am hoping that my body will eventually become stronger so I can get more benefit from the shoes.", "these are the shoes I need for work and they will come in handyand my boss will be real happy with me", "Nice to wear.", "The shoe it's self was to shiny, I thought it was more of a mesh/leather type shoe. Suede is what I'm looking for but the customer support from Sole Place was amazing! I could not be happier with there customer servie.", "Good quality and very comfortable", "just what I ordered. Fit perfect and will work great with what they are for! Great price as well and delivered on time", "ITS GREAT LOVE THE LOOK AND FITS EXCELLENT", "Nice grip in the front of the toes for running/sprinting. Comfortable, light weight. Strings seem to be a bit short, but thats the only issue.", "These were at my door as soon as I ordered them and are everything I expected! Got them for work because I am on my feet alot and they are super comfortable. Also awesome for outside.. Easy to clean and waterproof!", "The fit is perfect. The style is gorgeous and they are so light. I love them so much, probably one of my better purchases!", "Very happy with this item, for both price and fast delivery. Will recamend to friends & family looking for this type of item.", "'confortable, light and nice looking. I didn't give it five stars beacause it could have a little bit more cushioning at the heel.", "These are cute, light and comfortable shoes.  However I bought them for Zumba and they didn't work for me.  I have to be careful with my Achilles tendons and these shoes made them sore.  I will wear them for walking though.  They are very light and supportive.", "I got the black one and I liked it but the size runs really big.  I wear a 10 but this felt more like an 11 or a 12 so I had to return it.", "The toe box is wide and the pinch my feet with every step. Great colors. They are comfortable and flexible.", "This shoe in a medium width is tight for even my narrow foot with the left one more comfortable than the right.  The color combination is beautiful.", "Arrived in original package and in new condition! I love them!!! The picture as seen on Internet was true to real life seeing the shoes.", "The Nikes fit well and have a nice look however,  they do not have a lot of cushion.  I purchased them because Nike doesn't make all black T-Lite VIIIs.", "Very nice looking and fit is true to size. The ankle support as well as the instep support is very nice.  Plus they are a more normal color, not some kind of weird streaking color.  By the way, I have a very high instep, a very long foot (*11 1/2) and tend to be on the narrow side in the heel.  Was very pleased with this fit.", "Good nike I recommend you to buy it u are going to like it make no mistake", "The shoes are great, nice fit& comfortable to me there more casual than playing ball in,I wear them for style, thanks again amazon for great service& friendly service", "the price is the same as the store,but I saved some time for going to the store to pick it up,its a great shoe,i will buy it this way in the future,if they get a better price,at least cheaper than the store", "WickedAwesomeShoes... Really like the fit, the feel, the look and the looks I get wearing them. Errrr'body jealous! Get a pair", "The shoes are great. The only problem is the back of the shoes rub against the back of my legs. Hopefully they break in over time.", "Shoes are perfect match with my Michigan gear and fit just right. I cant wait to wear them on Michigan game days!", "I got these for my 3 month old niece for xmas and they fit her perfectly, they never fall off, and they are adorable.", "My Grandson loves the sneakers and I have to admit they look really cool.  Did I mention orange is my favorite color.", "Nice, comfortable flip flops at a great price. No hassles. Easy transaction as always. Highly recommend. Can't go wrong with Nike.", "These sneakers are great. Good fit, very comfortable and also look excellent. Highly recommended for anyone looking for a nice pair of sport shoes", "Everything good", "however it is somewhat large ,i love the nike bruin , i saw them for the first time back in 1984 here in venezuela and i felt in love ,them i saw them at back to the future movie and i knew it were going to be a classic ( super clasico) white and red perfect match color for them ,but we were poor so my parents  could not afford them , now i am 43 years old and had the opportunity to buy it and don't hesitate im glad to receive them after all this trouble here ,it was like a movie as we used to say here in venezuela ( fue la pelicula para comprarlas pero lo logre)  , however i think i can not use it, because i purchased them wrong (10.5), and i am 9 or 9.5  ,  why i posted them 5 star? because they did an excellent job ,i hope they bring more of this nike bruin to buy the right size 9 or 9.5, thanks SneakerRx ...i recommended SneakeRx to all costumers at amazon community", "These shoes are great and absolutely as advertised!  Arrived before due and with bonus material, extra set of laces. Love them.", "I guess I didn't readvthe description at all or properly but this shoe is patten leather but it all worked out in my favor it's easy to clean. True fit.", "These shoes are perfect, exactly what i expected when i got them.i love the texture and color schemethank you amazon", "A must have on any SneakerHeads shelf. Great fit and style, extremely comfortable. They also come in almost any color way imaginable.", "these are very cute shoes but this price is rediculous. they are on finish line for $120 cheaper..... rethink the price for these", "Came in the box very clean. Had to cut off some threads sticking out. Overall good quality and just needs to be cleaned if worn a lot.", "Love the shoes gave it 4 stars because they are not that comfy but overall nice shoes looks good with a lot of different styled clothes", "THESE SHOES WERE PERFECT FOR A BIRTHDAY PRESENT! PERFECT FOR A GUY TO WEAR TO THE BEACH ON A HOT DAY", "My husband and son love these shoes. They are stylish and easy to put on. The size fit well and is adjustable for those with narrow feet.", "I got this for my boyfriend. He absolutely loves it. Great fit..true to size. The color is very vibrant and the quality is unbeatable.", "Excellent, the only reason I had 4 stars instead of 5 cause it keep the water or wet for longer than expected ! Otherwise the look, comfort and fits great.", "Hard to find so happy to be able to order through Amazon.  My son's second pair of these - his favorite.", "Got this as a gift for my friend, he said he wanted to try barefoot running and so he got the 3.0, he's already an advanced runner and said those are one of the best shoes he worn but he is yet to test them to the limit.", "My husband loved them, they are his favorite work out shoes. The color is nice and  different from you traditional blacks. light weight and flexible.", "It's a great minimalist shoe with a good sized toe box, enough cushioning (without being excessive), and awesome fit.  I usually wear a size 10, but needed to go up to 11.5 in this model.  So please be careful in your purchase.", "These are great shoes for working out and doing some light running.  Very light and comfortable.  Black with grey is cool colour scheme as well, swoosh is a much more subtle grey than it looks in the photo&#8212;better in person.", "very lite! nice design.. easy to clean..fits perfectly on my foot.. very comfortable.. very flexible when excercising..i like it very much! i do not say this much but it was like the ad!!Nike did an excellent job here..", "Been buying this brand for years and have a hard time finding my size. Glad to have found them and at a great price.", "Bought these for my husband who absolutely loves them. He said they are extremely comfortable and they feel really good. The fit was perfect.", "There Fantastic! I love them. There like wearing no shoes at all, so lite on your feet. i would recommend them", "May daughter has these for training for track and her DAD stated you still need spikes to run on the track in. Liked them so much her sister had to have a pair.", "Beautiful shoes just taking my time getting used to them.  It was an impulse buy and I won't spent that much on sneakers again any time soon!", "I have had this pair of shoe for a couple of months now and I absolutely love them!!  Fits great and are very comfortable.  I would recommend this shoe, its worth every penny!!", "I bought these for my wife and she loves them.  She does a lot of standing and walking so these were just perfect for her.", "Great fit and excellent for running and walking. I was looking for a perfect pair of sport shoes and I found it. Great price too.", "I love it!  The colors are almost the same as in the picture, so you get what you expect.  It fits perfectly.", "these shoes are great. love the style, fit, feel, performance and simplicity. price could be sweeter but still a good buy", "Fits an average foot very well. Put them on and did 5 miles right away. Very light weight and well ventilated.", "First off, I followed the other reviews that these shoes tend to run 1/2 size smaller than advertised and for me, that was 100% true. I am normally an 11 and got an 11.5 and it fit perfectly. These have great support and are snug on the sides of my feet. I have been using them for about a month of marathon training and so far have no complaints. If you run 4-5 times a week for 3-5 miles, these are great shoes.", "Great running shoe. Solid,comfortable and durable. I believe they are going to last me a long time! When I see my runners, I get excited about working out!!", "Love the nike flex line. This is my second pair, slightly different but nice! This is the most lightweight shoe you'll ever own! I love that..Some people may not prefer minimal arch support but it's still comfy! The bottom of shoe is flat compaired to others, not as bendy/flexible..Perfect for working out and keeping your balance! Firm shoe but not sure about a running shoe! Super cute anyway:)", "Love these shoes. Was expecting blue soles by the picture but when they arrived they look more purple. Pleasant surprise because purple is my favorite color. Very cute", "They are most comfortable & I have received several nice complements due to the color scheme. Work great for the gym.", "Love these shoes!  I highly recommend them.  The size is accurate and the colors are just as they are shown online.", "I love this shoe.  Light and sturdy and cute too!  They give my feet support as I twist and hop in my Zumba classes.  I would recommend this shoe for walking or as casual wear.", "she loved them and they fit her feet perfectly.  decent price  color is great and flexability is great for her", "This is probably the most comfortable Nike I have bought.  I bought them for the color and they are exactly like shown in the picture.  Fit exactly.", "This shoe is perfect for training. It gives me enough stability to do short, fast jaunts at the gym but not quite enough for running. The color is perfect! I love the bright blue color with pink details", "This shoe is stylish, fits perfectly and is very comfortable. I'm on my feet all day long, these shoes are suited for my active job.", "I love them!!! The color is awesome! Even came with an extra pair of laces (hot pink!). Doesn't have much arch support, so if you have a higher arch you will need to get inserts. WIN!", "These shoes were great. I play basketball every sunday and needed some new shoes to wear every now and then that were off the wall. They are not as comfortable as lebrons, but I can still run and shoot threes all day in them. great look and cheap price", "Received what I expected. Fits well, colors match the picture on screen, and is a stylish look for the summer in the states.", "I've never been excited about a pair of sneakers.  I'm not a big sneaker girl but I had to have these.  They're the perfect mix of girly and sneaker.  I have the white on white ones and the black ones are my next victims.  The amazing thing about these is that they are comfortable.  I also have some Nike Tr Fit's and between the 2 these are more comfortable.I buy sneakers for when it's not practical to wear heels or flats.  I got these because winter is coming and I thought I could look cute while keeping my feet warm. I have really wide feet and Nike runs narrow so I did get these in a 9.5.  I thought I'd still have to break them in but the width is actually fine.I wasn't a fan of the first wedge sneaker that came out but Nike did it's thing when they put these out.", "Buy half a size up. Runs small. Amazingly comfortable and so so cute. I love these, they go with everything and I get many compliments, and feel much taller without the pain.", "I love this shoe!!! I wear a 7 1/2 in ladies and this shoe fits true to size!!! I RECOMMEND GETTING this shoe if youre looking for a nice trendy sneaker for the summer!", "Perfect Fit so love them, very nice sneaker wedge. Thumbs Up will purchase again. Package arrive very quickly.  Once again I'm so I'm love with this shoe.", "I love these, perfect crispy pair of all whites for the summer! Now to keep them clean will be the challenge", "This is a comfortable stylish feminine sneaker a must have ladies I have all colors..go out and get yours  today", "I have been weight training for 30 years and tried many different training shoes desinged for squatting, clean and Jerks, deadlifts, etc.  These are far and above the best I have used.  It took a couple of workouts to get used to them but now I can really tell the difference in support, especially in the uppers.You can tell Nike did their homework and really tried to develop a shoe that provides stability when you are trying to support large amounts of weight.These are WELL worth the money if you train heavy.Note: I DO NOT reccomend these for normal non-lifting activites or cardio.  You need normal cross-trainers for that.", "My son immediately loved these and so do I. They're cute, stylish and sturdy with as always excellent Nike quality. They also clean off easily, which is an excellent quality for a toddler shoe. Love them!", "Im a huge jordan fan and it was great it was %100 authentic and it was great but the price", "Just a classic sneaker.  I can't jump any higher, but that's because I'm fat.  Money, it ain't the shoes!!  It's gotta be my gut!!  But they look sweet nonetheless.", "The shoe is a bit pricey but fits well and i love it ! i would recommend this seller and shoe to anybody !", "Bought these for my boyfriend as a gift and I must say he absolutely loves them. He is a huge Jordan fan and I was a little hesitant to purchase these shoes online for fear that it would not be authentic but he can spot fake from far and these shoes are genuine so I am happy that he is pleased", "The Grapes basketball shoe looks as good as the pictures show.The colors on the shoe are the reason for the purchase! Charlotte Hornets!!", "Thanks for the shoes they fit perfectly. They were exactly right like the picture you put on thanks just what I want !!!", "These arrived earlier than expected, which is always good. My son loves them. It said they fit as good as his other Jordans do.", "I got these as a gift for my boyfriend who collects Jordans. He can recognize fake sneakers from a mile away so I was a bit nervous about getting these and them turning out to be &#34;fake or replicas&#34; He loved them and so did I!!! Great buy!", "I haven't bought sneakers in a while. I had to up in size since I wear an 11 but they fit well (11.5)", "very comfortable. had when i was younger and still has the same flare. recommend to anyone who likes re-issues. very nice", "great and comfortable pair of shoes to wear casual and color is rare and love it and material feels is amazing.", "These are exactly as advertised the amazing Nike Airforce 1. They are perfect and since it is so hard to find in suede in a light color I must give them 5 stars. You will have a very hard time finding light colored airforce 1s in suede anywhere else. And the shipping was amazingly fast. they were not supposed to be here unitl friday and here it is tuesday and I am wearing them.", "I love these right here. Fit just how my feet like them. It came on expected date. The color goes with any outfit I got", "I purchased it for my son and he loved it and it looks &#34;cool&#34;.  I thought colors were to bright but he didn't and that'sall that matters!", "Awesome so comfortable oh they are so comfortable  get them a lot of pading and  good grip strap won't break easy", "It is more than my broth expected. Nice and very comfortableWish to have a great dial next time .", "my wife love it , the packaging was great , fit as expected , the color is shiny red, looks wonderful", "My 19 Year old grandson loves this shirt.  I Have bought him this shirt in other colors.  Great choice of colors.", "I ordered this for my husband.  We have bought two similar Nike Dri-Fit V-Neck T-Shirts at a popular sporting goods chain for $55 each.  I wish I had looked at Amazon first.  He much prefers this one to the ones we bought.  If he hadn't already worn the first two we would have returned them and ordered more of these.  We received them on time and they were properly packaged.", "Dont get burned by some of these buyers. Nike store has these on sale all time for 65$. Buying them on nike will assure you quality at a better price. Dont get scamed", "This pair of NIKE shoes are very light, wear feeling very good, I like it ! The only problem compared to other 10# I bought this pair of shoes feel smaller!", "These are some awesome shoes, very eye catching, however after reading some reviews online, i found that they run small, so I decided to get an extra half number, they still fit small, hopefully the more I use them the more they'll fit better. I'm planning to buy an extra pair but in different color so i'm planning to buy 1 extra number than the one I regularly use", "These are reallynice running shoes.  They fit perfectly and are of good quality, nevertheless, in the picture they look gray but in reality they are white!", "perfect fit for son's LARGE feet!  hard to find shoes he likes.", "came earlier than expected, fit nice and feel authentic. great overall , and am very happy with this purchase overall.", "The Nike Women's Flyknit Lunar1+ Club Pink/Electric Gree/White Running Shoes 10 fit my feet just right.I have always worn size 8 1/2 dress shoes but running shoes sizes are different.This is my second pair of exactly these shoes.  They are light and the right amount of support.I walk/run half marathons and train most days. These pink Nikes are so attractive that sometimes I wear them with pant/slacks for dress.These Nikes make my feet seem to fly.", "I chose these shoes because I did a shoe-selector app thingy online and based on the way that I run, these were some of the best for me. I really love how light they are, and they're supportive and they fit correctly. These are for sure the brightest colored shoes I've ever owned haha :) But I love them and I'm really glad I went with these. I get a lot of compliments on them.", "with high arches, bilateral knee surgeries and standing all day at work Nike flyknits are the go to shoe!! Want ALL of the colors!", "light weight, great foot support, with amazing breathable elastic fabric.  I fell in love with these sneakers and wear them for more than just running.", "LOVE LOVE LOVE ... I only wear Nikes, KSwiss, or Keds.  I really like the look and shape of the Nike Lunarglide style.  The toes are more pointed than round... Can't stand the rounded toe that looks like you slammed your feet against a wall.  They are lightweight ...  Feels like your walking on air..", "I am normally a size 8 and wear 8.5 in running shoes. This was huge and had a lot of heel slippage. The Lunarlon sole was also overly soft in my opinion. Good looking shoe but didn't live up to the hype.", "These are so great except for one thing: i found the back dug into my ankle the first few runs.  What I liked is how light they are, and the color has gotten me a lot of compliments.  Also pairs with nike+.", "Love the shoe. Lightweight and very comfortable to run in", "Very comfortable to wear.It is very light while most of my old basketball shoes were heavier in comparison.And it looks good.", "My son loves this shoes. It's very different and can be worn with khakis or jeans. Fits perfect to size.", "Big fan of the shoe. Great look and feeling to it. Nice colors to chose from big fan. Good for casual or even fancy places.", "these I fell in love with when I saw them purple I love very much and so I bought them as you wear them a lot as you walk the straps do hurt the skin a bit but the flops look good only wish they were a lot more comfy on the straps because I walk a lot in them...", "The shoes look and fit absolutely perfect. They showed up four days sooner than expected.  Very pleased.  Thx very much.", "My son wanted a pair of Lebron James shoes for Christmas.  These were one of the best deals we could find.  He loves them.  No problems with order or delivery.", "My 11 year old son just loves the shoes!!!!  AWESOME!!!!  Great Birthday gift.  Great fit!  Go Gators!!!  Very Happy with purchase&#34;", "My 13 year old was just dying for shoes like this, so when I saw this price I jumped at it. These are nice looking and comfortable shoes, but they do make his foot look larger than it is. At any rate, he love them!", "My son wanted these for Christmas, so I bought them. The color is awesome. He gets compliments on these every day. Not sure about the performance but he does play basketball.", "Love them an great custemer sevice.colors vivided wear them all the time.Thank you.for fine product no issues no what ever.", "I'm a female but i enjoy comfortable shoes so i said cheese nips I'm gonna get some LBs and i love em and i only get compliments on em  so now  I brave sexy and in fashion but most of all im comfortable too ps vendor kicked it into high gear so i was wearing and tearing in no time recommend this vendor highly", "Sweet shoe, sweet colors. Love these. Running in these ae are a dream. Keep these exclusive colors coming please and yhank you.", "I have another pair and they fit the same. BTW I love theses shoes best shoes I have besides my Pradas.", "I bought these shoes for my son. The price is what I like the most. They were $165 and up in the store but I got them for less. I'm always looking for a great bargain. Saving money always put a smile on my face!!!", "I'm a motorcyclist and the look I see, from other motorist when I'm wearing my Nike Air Max Lebron X Low's changing gears let me know I'm being seen they just look GREAT !!!!!!", "I bought these expecting them to be a shoe to wear to the gym but as comfortable as they are I want to wear them all the time.", "size large but I came to buy it in fit of man and woman ... was very good for the product presentation", "I got these for my great grand son to start school in and they are still nice he wanted them.", "I like it.I gave my husband this shoes for a gift.It's comfort and good shoes.My husband likes it very much.", "My son wanted these sneakers for the longest time; when he opened them Christmas morning, he was thrilled. Has worn them and loves them. Great price !", "The looks amazing color is nice they really stand  out but be careful they fit really small so go a size larger than what you wear", "Good tennis shoes took me a while to break the Nike shoes I'm more of a perfect fit so I had to buy them one size a little bit bigger am a 9.5 and I got him for 10.0 if you wear Jordans the Nike shoes she'll be half the size bigger because they're more of a tight fit", "My son was very  happy with his new Max Lebron X shoes.  He has enjoyed wearing them.  They are great quality and just what we expected.", "These are what you would expect from Nike and LeBron James, the best, most comfortable shoes at a very good price. Besides being extremely comfortable, they are supportive around the ankle, have good traction, and look great!", "And he also says they fit perfectly, very comfortable. So I suppose I should give them high marks, as this is the shoe he wears most often over all of his other ones.", "I like the color... I like the fit and support... It's light and comfortable...I love everything about it... It's one of the best gift for myself.", "Son wanted these for Christmas, he wears them to school on dress down days, and he says he gets a lot of compliments on them. He says they fit well,and are very comfortable. These are his first pair of trainers of this kindle of calibre.", "i like my new lebron shoes coll !!! look amazin there so fresh men 100% confortable and nice look peace", "The shoes are great! My son is thrilled with them. They arrived very quickly in the mail. They fit perfectly. 5 stars for this purchase.", "I bought these for my son for his birthday, he seen them on Amazon and all I heard was I want the Lebrons, I will say he has had them for a couple of weeks now and wears them constantly, he loves them. He says they are very comfortable, fit well and all his friends like them as well. I have a very happy 14 year old. I checked them out myself and will say that they are well made and will be durable, the quality is definitely there, I would recommend as they are stylish and are of good quality.", "Great !!!!!!!!", "Just what I expected, they are very comfortable to use it every day and for playing tennis they are great. The green color is great, it gives a nice touch. I highly recommend them.", "The shoes fit me perfectly. I play quite a lot of Tennis and I have been using this pair for about a 8 months now without any issues at all.", "Shoe fits great and is everything I expected. Came shipped as expected and on time. Shoe size is also very accurate and width fits as well.", "its a very good cleat i like it because i have a wide foot so it fits really digs in the grass i make my cuts and side shuffles great only thing is dosent have that much comfort in the cleat other then that its a great cleat thanks for the product !", "comfortable fit and very cushioned.good for playing basketball.", "love the shoe no damage nothing brand new! new scent box everything omg love these shoes arrives on time everything my gf loves them", "The shoes are an excellent fit...true to size.  As most Nikes, they are very well made.  The colors are bright and look good.", "The shoes fit well and they look as they are posted. I would recommend them since they were a good price for the product.", "Nike Shox are the best shoes I have owned.  Be prepared the color is bright. Love these shoes and very comfortable.", "Lovely shoes! And they shine from far. Love shox! Best line so far. Also they make you look much taller.", "I use nike shox since 2007 and this is the best tennis for me. This one in particular is extremely beautiful - the same way it apears in the photo.", "I normally would have gotten a size 7 but after reading the reviews that they run small I decided to go with a size 7.5.  They fit perfectly!", "So comfortable and definitely my favorite shoe. I've wanted air maxes for years and couldn't be happier now that they're mine.", "Just bought the item.  Looks like it is good value for money.  Liked the colour.  We will know the quality only after a few months of usage.", "I love these Nike lady pro printed Capri running tight. I love the style and color. Just wish they were tighter.", "I could not find these shoes anywhere and I have been searching for a long time. They are awesome and some of the best shoes I have purchased!", "I love these sneakers and received them in 3 days perfect condition just as I expected . I feel very sexy with them on :/)", "Im always in love with Nike Dunk Sky Hi Wedge. Size is perfect as all my Nike are in the same size.Only bad part of it, is the packaging, the shoe box came with no covers, lucky thing Im okay for not having the box and the shoe is not damage along the way.Shoe are in great condition, love the color so much plus the price is reasonable.Great feeling and happy with my purchase.Cheers.", "This shoe is rated as a lightweight racer for anything from a 5K to a Marathon.Not so sure about the Marathon...but I've worn it for 2 half marathons.  The first was a trail race with a severe downhill, and they were not the best on the trail.  But the second was on pavement, and the shoes did GREAT.As light as they are, they do actually offer good support for a neutral runner.  the tounge is of a different type of flat material and has some sharp edges so its best to wear socks with the shoe so you don't get chaffed by the tounge.  Not so sure tha tthe &#34;flywire&#34; technology offers a more custom fit, but it doesn't take away from the shoe's performance.I use them on short runs up to 3 miles, and speed work,  and for the occasional race.  I'd be interested to find out what they do in a marathon, but not really brave enough to test them out.The sole wears better than expected.  All in all I am quite pleased with the shoe!", "9/1/2  is like a 10 we did not understand that but nice shoes will buy this again I will recommend This shoes to everyone", "Great fit, comfortable for every day wear. or strong enough to go one one one. Wish I could have found them in all Red. but Still love the black and red!", "I am glad that there are companies that make something that goes a little bit farther...I want to preserve these rich man's shoes...Eventually I will wear them out with a variety of extreme workouts...I hope that Nike continues to pay these shoe engineers to design shoes that, I believe, will extend my life.  Many thanks...They go beautifully with light colored casual outfits...John Bendheim, M.D. of Verbank, NY", "They fit perfectly, are easy on the feet, and bring a tsunami of complements as work shoes...Expensive as shoes go...", "So far its good", "Very comfortable, and several compliments. I'm 9.5 E US at New Balance,  but at Nike I wear 11 US.Great shoe!", "I love these pairs, i rarely buy basketball shoes brand new and at this price.Had an amateur tournament in NY and played with these,very light if you are a point guard, this is what you need.", "Very pleased with the purchase.  The sneakers are well made, exact fit and are very comfortable.  They look pretty good to.  Would definitly recommend.", "The shoe looks good and and fits great. The shoes are very light and provides great support. Will definitely buy another pair.", "I am a size 11 but took a chance and ordered a12 based on the assumption they run small. Glad I did, they fit perfectly. Great walking shoe and very nice looking. They do get noticed  and with favorable compliments. Another Amazon,  nailed on the head, purchase.", "This product doesn t bright crimson. This shirt is pepper color. I dont like this shirt. The color this shirt in amazon site no is the same of the shirt", "I love them. Fit perfect and look great.", "I bought these shoes for my son.  The shoes are extremely light,  have great traction, fit well and look great.  The downside for my son is he is flat footed and the shoes caused foot pain.  They are also low tops.If you don't have foot and/or ankle issues, these shoes would be a great purchase.", "This are very nice, fit perfectly, and are comfortable they look nice also, my son is very happy. Thank you", "bought this for my boyfriend to play cricket. he loooves it. its fits perfect and he says it's very light.he gets a lot of compliments on it, everyone wants a pair 2.cant ever go wrong with Nike....just do it", "This shoes are awesome !!! Very well made and comfortable , I'm so happy with this purchase especially that they cost me only $200. So happy:)", "I Love Love Love Love Love these shoes, they make feel like I'm wearing high heels they are so pretty, so many people love them also, the pattern it great", "The shoe is very comfortable and stylish!  There is no limit of $$$ on my being comfortable, you get what you pay for...", "I play high school basketball and have worn these for every practice and game for two months. One thing I really love about them is that they are very light, possibly the lightest shoes I have ever worn.Don't be worried by the low-top and fear that your ankles are in jeopardy. I have run sprints, slides, etc. in these shoes and haven't felt discomfort once.Overall, these shoes are very light and perfect for a high school player that will be running sprints and conditioning. Highly recommend.", "Great shoes! I see why the post were so positive about these. I haven't officially worn them out yet, but tried them on and very comfortable shoes. Look great and look forward to wearing them more. Might order pair! Good luck.", "Love it. Reduce foot pain after excecise. Look great too. My favorite. Enjoy this shoe with excecise and random walking", "This is my favorite shoe to play in as it has exceptional grip on the court and I prefer to play in low top shoes.  The flywire technology should just be part of all Nike shoes now because it makes a shoe fit like a glove(as long as you have the right size).  I like this shoe so much I got it in five colors as it's a stylish shoe as well.  I don't like most of the colors released but I was lucky enough to get a pair of the EYBLs, a custom pair, a black and gray pair, and a pair that is so colorful I can't describe it.  Just a great shoe all around.", "there very colorful and stands out in a big way... would def go with the color... got many compliments  on the kicks", "Best shoe ever. Amazing color way. Beautiful from all sides. Perfect for basketball. Lot of technology in it: Kevlar carbon fibre.", "very good quality basketball shoe some amazing colorful I love the out of the box is awesome I liked them.", "Love the shoe! Definitely a great purchase. The shoe fits to your foot well, giving support. I thought when I initially purchased the shoe, that I would have a hard time wearing it since I wear ankle braces. The shoe remains comfortable even with the braces on, so don't feel discouraged if you have the same worries. Overall, I would recommend this shoe to anyone looking for a quality basketball shoe.", "Looks a very nive prodNow is time to ask for a running snickers asap Yeah!!!!Victor Solano Costa Rica", "These are good shoes, however, I got them for sixty bucks at a nike outlet. Save money and do not purchase via Amazon. Other than that the shoes are fine. Fit nice and feel good. I would not wear them to hoop but who would?", "We decided to go ahead and spend the money to buy a good pair of shoes for our toddler.  We absolutely love these!  They are light weight and flexible, which is perfect for a little one learning to walk/run.  Unfortunately, their feet grow so fast, he hasnt had much time to get them worn out.  We love these so much, we are going to get him another pair just in a larger size.Our only wish is that it would be nice if they sold these in a wider variety of colors.", "very nice", "Extremely Comfortable shoes. Even if they appear a bit darker in the photo than they really are, the look nice.And, as almost any Nike Shoe, the best when we talk about comfort.Just, a tip: They are ideal for summer. If you want to use it on Winter (as I do) you would probably need a GOOD pair of socks to not suffer the cold!!", "Exactly what I expected. I read the previous posts about the shoe being narrow...which is correct so I ordered appropriately and the shoe fits great.", "He had wanted a pair of these because I have a similar pair and he loved them. He has them on as soon as his feet hit the floor in the morning and they will be going to Florida very soon.", "Everything was great", "I wear a 10.5 to 11 and don't have wide feet. So looking at the reviews I went with a size or 2 bigger than normal. I would have been fine with 11's but the 12's will do.Super comfortable, casual, slip ons. Way better than my cardboard bottomed Vans.Get the right size and you will love these. Get the wrong size and the return for right size then be happy!", "However, the item is not BLACK based on description. The item is very comfortable but the bottom of the shows feels like a slipper and may be easily worn if worn too often. Would recommend for light use but my GOD its fits my foot like a condomn", "awesome!", "Great look and feel, but the rubber on the sole of the shoe is wearing away quicker than expected", "They look great and are very comfortable. They do run a hair small but not a deAl breaker. I love them.", "loved the idea", "I really feel a size bigger would be too big. I'm comfortable with it. I love the style and so does my wife.", "Love these shoes, very comfortable.", "I've owned 2 pairs of these now. One was a different style but these are much more &#34;fancy&#34; looking. These can be an everyday shoe or something a little more dresser if you keep them nice. There very light-weight so if that's what you want 5/5. They are a bit snug but most Nike's are. I love not wearing shoes but when i have to, these are the go too! Very minimal and feels great. Highly recommend these shoes. Lots of complimentsSide-note-Color's listed by amazon are very miss leading.", "I buy Nike normally, but this requires to buy it one size bigger.VERY comfortable tho.Nice for warmer weather.", "Excellent shoes but runs very small, I ordered for my husband and he usually wears a 9 so I ordered a 10to be safe and they were still to small, not sellers fault, they shipped quick and easy, just if anyone orders be sure to order bigger than normal size.", "Run small, get a bigger size. Great for slip on after golf or around the house. Good for price though.", "This shoe really looks good with a pair of nice jeans. We don't play golf but my husband likes Nike. I seen them and for the price they are a really good purchase. I'm going to order him another pair because he wears these all the time. Good purchase!", "Cheaply made. $15 value!!  The nike logo is all these socks have goin for them. I do not suggest this product!!", "These shoes were very tight, glad I got a 1/2 larger than most shoes. I think they'll give after I wear them a bit. The sole is real comfortable and over all shoe is light weight. I'd get another pair if I could find them.", "My Own fault, I wear more of an 11.5 - and the 11 size is a bit small for me.  But very comfortable and well made.", "I wear a size 10 in any shoe and I ordered a size 10 and it still didn't fit me", "Great shoe just too small. I requested to exchange for a larger size. The shoe really felt good on my feet, also my young kids liked them as well.", "very comfortable, fits perfect. I can used it all day long. I will buy another pair in other color. excelet purchase", "great shoe, much more comfortable than Sanuks!! lightweight! I don't golf but I love these shoes and recieved many compliments on them!!", "Grandson loves this shoe.  It is stylish and durable for a rough housing male child.  I would recommend this shoe if you are looking for a cost effective stylish shoe for todays fashionista kids.", "i got the shoes not to long ago it look legit but as soon as i started to get a good look at it the shoes were more faker than pamela anderson breast!!! do not buy jordans from this seller you will get scammed. those 88's had glue all over the shoe stitching was way off. so if you like fake jordan be my guest and buy two pairs!! hahahhahahhahahhahah", "I use these shoes to do Turbo Fire indoors. They give me enough range of movement so that I feel comfortable with my workout.", "I bought these for my son and he absaloutly loves them, color and all.He really likes the fact that they are not the mesh type", "Beautifull as expected. Just in time and fit well. Good Shipment. The green Combine with my motorcycle ninja 300 kawasaki", "very good", "These are Great Cleats - Using them for Ultimate Frisbee.  They are Getting the job done.  Would order again next time.", "A great tennis shoe very comfortable , my feet feel great no more pain, I work at a office all day, in the evenings I run a gym, from 4pm until 8 pm, so you can see why , I rate these shoes so high, very well padded!!!!", "These shoes are amazing. The linen exterior is super soft and I love the hologram accent. These shoes are definitely one of a kind and so comfortable. I would recommend these to anyone.", "So comfortable and the hologram looks awesome. Get lots of compliments when I wear these. They are a little tight to slide on, but totally fine once your foot is in. I normally wear an 8.5 but got these in a 9 and they fit perfectly", "I love the shirt. Are you going to sale more of this product in the future. And do you have any different colors", "Great fit a little snug at first but the second time I wore them they were great and comfortable. Excellent customer service", "I'm happy with them now, at 1st they were kinda hard to get used to up at the toe, I like them and wear them all of the time, very comfortable!", "These shoes are awesome  I Love them they are very comfortable and I love the color of them to.  Great!!", "I love the shoes but Im having to return them for a bigger size...fit to tight across toes...but love the color", "Since bein seen in these I feel like I brought back the One's for my town,  AIR F ONES to be exact! These r hot & get attention yards away. Look, get You a nice sexy pair of jeans, and matching shirt an watch and you can't lose. Might I suggest a Nike shirt with the same royal-ish blue and ya good!", "everything is good ,,i like it . shipping was fast, and the item has good quality ....it's a little bit too big for 8 and half,, but it is ok", "Awesome look'n! Great fit! Very comfortable! Lov'n them!", "This shoe is sooooo comfortable. I have 3 pair and can't go back to any other shoe. Love it!! Love it!!!", "ExelentExcellent product very happy whitty it, Excellent cuality, and feet me perfect, is a nice buy and very confortable. Thanks", "I love the slides! Exactly like the pictures shown on the site. It's hard to find an online service that delivery  with quality butthis one is great. I would definitely recommend this product to everyone!!", "I got this item as a gift for my brother who is in Dubai. He loved it immediately. He was so thrilled after wearing it that he never took it off except for the office and going to bed. It's still on him. It's been 3 months now.", "Shoes were a little pricey but I guess that was to be expected.  Very comfortable and nice looking.  Pretty colorful.", "The was an excellent purchase and worth the money.  It fits well and looks great on my friend's feet.  Well done.", "This tank was nice but i kinda is long on a short body creating an illusion of a tummy. Tank is just okay.", "I used to run with the Free Run+ 2.  Those shoes are amazing and when they got to a point where they were too worn, I decided to give these a try.  I bought these from a local Nike store and wore it once to the gym.  Every time I centered the tongue, as soon as I took a couple of steps, they would shift way outwards. Unlike the other Free Run+ or Free+, the tongue is not attached to the body of the shoe. So if you are thinking about buying this shoe, keep this in mind. The shoe itself is comfortable, but with the tongue shift at the back of my mind, I can't focus on anything else. Avoid these, buy the Nike Free 5.0+. They are very comfortable and the tongue is attached.", "So 1st of let me advise you I have wide feet so I generally have to get a size up just to accommodate with that being said these fit perfectly with the exception of the very top of the shoe (the part that wraps) is a little tall and was really tight like take 5 min to squeeze into it once my foot is in its comfortable but taking it off takes another 5  min now the design is great matched to a tee from the picture and if you bend the show the black design hides that extremely well so overall a great buy", "Super light and comfortable", "Very confortable and light. It feels like I'm not using shoes.Definetely one of the best basketball shoes I have bought.", "I get a lot of compliments on these shoes and they look great. If I want to wear something comfortable for the day, however, i reach for something else. They are well made but for Nike shoes they just don't fit that good. Maybe they need more break in time but you should definitely try these on before buying.", "My son really likes how these shoes fit and perform.", "These are fantasic basketball shoes, the lightest I've ever had. theyre not the most comforable so if ur planing on just wearing these shoes around theyre not for you but i didnt buy them for comfort anyway. They have great grip on indoor courts and all around great indoor basketball shoes.", "Good", "somewhat new but yet they seemed to be tried on in store which i did not like so much at all!!", "These shoes fit great.  They have an elastic type inner glove that wraps around the foot and keeps the shoe in place as you move.  Feels like walking on air because you are.", "I use these to train with INSANTY and don't wear them outside of my garage, so I could care less, but just so you know, they have &#34;Palm Trees&#34; on the tongue and a cruise ship on the sole... It's like a &#34;Miami, Florida&#34; vacation concept... lol.Anyway, for training, I LOVE THIS SHOE! It's the most comfortable shoe ever and it's like training on a matress.", "My son had been looking for this color (match school football uniform) and he wears a size 13 which you can't always find that size locally. I checked Amazon and sent him the pic. He said ok and I placed the order. They have already been through a football season and they still look great. Thank you Amazon & Nike", "I love everything about these cleats. I got these for my adult flag football league and I couldn't be happier with how they perform and how they look.", "perfect For Off Season training, Very Light And Comfortable For Speed. We Will Definitely Order Another Pair In The fall", "THE SHOES WERE EXACTLY THE WAS THEY WERE POSTED.. THEY WERE JUST TOO SMALL FOR ME. THEY WERE NEW AND IN GOOD CONDITION.", "These shoes are really comfortable, have held up pretty well. I wear them all the time for coaching, and have worn them to run a couple of miles with the students. Good shoe.", "I always run with pegasus. This model is very confortable and very nice.!! Everybody ask me about them! may be is about the color. jajaja", "Have wore the Nike Pegasus model of shoes for more than 10 years and they have been my only choice for running....logged many many miles as an active duty Soldier wearing them for physical fitness training every morning.", "I wear a 10/10.5 I have a 10.5 superhero edition and they fit awesome!! They are so light like your not wearing anything at all!! They are also so breathable that your feet just stay comfy and dry", ".This is one of the most comfortable shoes u can buy it feels as if I'm not walking with shoes on but a very comfortable pad under my feet when I'm walking", "Son loves his shoes and just what he needed for football. He states are comfortable and wears well. Thanks you", "They fit as expected and were great quality! I would definitely recommend these Jordan Play In These II Men's Basketball Shoes!", "Lunar Air force fit just like regular Air force. A truly amazing and stylish shoe. Air Force 1 run a little big.", "Always like air forces and these lunar ones is something different so I had to get them. Air Force ones are always a good choice.", "I received in a very timely manner. The packaging is good. The shoes fit in very well.I only use it once for my basketball game, it works out good, very comfortable.", "Have had all GREAT compliments about my new shoes!", "i just got these sneakers and they are awesome! i love how light weight they are. i've played 28 hours in these shoes and they look and feel brand new i even wear these daily. i would recommend these to all basketball players and people who want bright comfortable sneakers.", "It looks a little longer in the photo than in reality. Really shows a little too much leg for my comfort. Nice material and good fit...just needed an inch more and I would feel more comfortable wearing. I kept it, but often prefer my other skirts if they are clean.", "These are the first pair of Nike's I have owned in some time and I am very happy with them.  They are a great looking shoe and they are very versatile in terms of what you can wear with them.  I wear a size 12 and they fit perfectly. The only cons I can think of is that they are surprisingly stiff (which makes wonder if they are a knockoff and the only reason I am giving 4 stars, although I could be wrong) and that the white part of the shoe is a material that won't be easy to clean if they are to get scuffed.  Either way, I love the color scheme and have already received tons of compliments on them.  If you are a shoe enthusiast such as myself then these are a must have.  They are super fresh!!", "I recently attended a professional basketball game and wore these great low key boots with my jeans.  All of the crowd near me kept commenting on how good my shoes looked and asking me where did I get them.  Great color and shoe Nike", "I really like these Roshes. They feel exactly like the regular ones. IF you are scared of purchasing shoes from Amazon, as I was before, you shouldn't worry. These came in perfectly and fitted very nicely. Try to fit some roshe's in your local store before purchasing.", "their is not thing bad i can say about this shoe it fit great i just love how this shoe fit the colour was the right one...", "I should say my nephew loves them, the look on his faces was the best ever, when he opened them up. He says they fit great and look great.", "Good sneakers arrived on time and fit as expected.", "This is a very nice shoe it came right on time as said it would and every where I go people stare at my feet lol...buy buy buy if u can worth every pennies", "I LOVE, I LOVE, I LOVE THAT'S ALL I CAN SAY.  TRY THEM. ABSOLUTELY BUY THEM YOU WILL LOVE THEM.", "This shoe is hard to find where I live so I'm very happy I was able to purchase and the size fits perfectly.", "Thank You so much.  Your shipment was swift, and I am sorry it has taken me a little later for me to write my Report. I am very pleased with my purchase. They fit my girls feet perfectly and she loves the color. I don't remember the dates, but I do remember that the shoes came in on the exactly when the estimated time of arrival was. Thank you again, I definitely recommend your site to purchase from.  Much appreciated.", "I am very pleased with the air jordan 5 (GS) grapes, that I bought for my son. They fit hhim great and he loves them. Thank you..", "Love love love my J's!! I'm a size 9 in women and purchased size 7Y,  the shoe fit great. Sometimes when shoes are men or boy sizes they shoe looks big on a women's foot, however my foot looks small in this shoe, so I'm very happy with the size and they way they look. Beautiful style and very comfy.", "Grandson told me he loved them they were one of his favorite presents. I have three Grandson's and 1 Granddaughter but she has disability with her feet so it requires to purchase two pairs of shoes. But yes I would recommend product to others", "Perfect", "Can't beat Nike for comfort.  You can stand in this for hours without feet pain.  Worth the price, buy it!", "All da ladies be noticing my feet now, I glide the p'ment. Some even call me Ken now...I'm so lucky.", "Bought this for my nephew and he states he is very pleased with these sneakers.No other comments are required", "everyone's on these sneakers and the color just makes them very noticeable. I love them. I think for the price you I couldn't have gotten a better pair of shoes anywhere.", "Hello I would just like to say thank you so much, My husband just received his sneakers today on Valentine's Day as expected. I am so happy that the product are just like the picture. Thanks a million.", "I love the air max 95s, and im a sneakerhead in general. I love this color scheme because it just screams different!!! Besides being a beautiful shoe its super comfortable because the airmax 95 forms to your foot. It matches my clothes , looks sexy on my feet, and is comfy, no complaints here.", "AWESOME I ENJOY THESE KICKS AND FRESH NOT DIRTY AT ALL. I WOULD WANT TO ORDER ANOTHER PAIR FROM AMAZON", "They look soo beautiful, everyone have to look at my shoes. They are the most comfortable pair of tennis shoes that I have ever had. And maybe the most beautiful.", "It was a xmas Gift for my mother who is actively in Zumba and Spin and she 60 so she loved them !!!", "The stock image for these looks brown/grey, but in reality they were blue/grey, which looks way better. Very happy with them.", "These are the most comfortable shoes Nike ever made. It's too bad they do not continue making me huarache as they once did back in the early 90s and now again in 2012. The colors are great!", "This is the second of this exact shoe I purchased a year ago for my birthday.  I've discovered that Nike running shoes no longer fit me to size.  I've been a solid 10 all my life, and still wear a 10 in all other shoes and boots.  But with Nike running shoes (note I don't have a problem with basketball shoes), I've had to &#34;size up&#34; to a 10.5.  Most brick & mortar retailers do not sell 10.5, so I've had to go internet.  These shoes are very comfortable and I like the colors very much - what you see is exactly what you get.  Also I've never seen anyone else with this shoe in this color - I like that!  They do seem to be a dirt magnet this time around, but maybe I'm running more!", "Just fit as expected. Normal for Nike products. Nice bright pink color. Really a nice product and shipped in a reasonable time...", "these sneakers are so comfortable. I feel like I'm walking on air. I Love them", "This was a present for my husband.  Not only did he love the color but they are extremely comfortable.  He was happy.", "These shoes were very good item to buy and the price wasn't to bad shipping was great and overall I was happy with the purchase....", "These pics are of my shoes. (Thats my black Sectional too )lol THESE ARE NOT THE ONES YOU WILL BE RECEIVING I PROMISE. :))", "I've had these over a year now. Still holding up. A daily wear shoe. Fit comfortable right out of the box. Love them.", "This t-shirt is cute but it was way too tight for me. I have another tee that looks like the same line that fits ok. I had to return this. Seller gave me no problem with the return though.", "Love,love,love so beautiful,they standing out love all the colors and How outstanding they are,love when Nike make something that alot of people do not have...love", "I have bought dozens of Nike running shoes over the years, most of them are really good.  Not this one!  It isn't worth the price.", "What a great shirt. Light and stretchy material make for easy movement, important in a golf polo. Size was standard for nike. Pity they don't make this style anymore.", "Nice color ,nice fit nice brand what else can i say i like like like like it and it durable", "My husband absolutely loves them and thinks they are too cool.  I will be looking for more of these in different colors.", "Product shipped quickly from retailer and when I got them I was amazed at how much better they looked in person.  Just put them on this weekend and the compliments came from young and old admirers of the shoes.  PRICELESS!!!!!!!!", "They are spectacular, ultimate fashion and comfortable. This is tha last model in this referente of Nike. The size is perfect, I am 7 but buy a hal size more for sport shoes, I use thick socks to protect my feet and It works.This shoes are beautiful and perfect to do exercise.", "The color and the material is perfect. Like it so much, even if it's a little bit tight when first worn.", "Love these kicks. Get compliments everywhere I go. They alsob put together quite well, not the most comfortable shoes though.", "I bought this for my friend and he loves it.....it fits well looks great came brand new will buy sneakers from this supplier again!!!!", "The air max 1 is hands down my favorite shoe. As a huge collector, this shoe will be cherished forever. And perfect mesh material for the hot summer days.", "glorious. so comfortable and the colors are off the chart! The hyper mesh fits a little nicer than the regular Air Max 1  - overall a great shoe and I really like it!", "good", "This product is very good. I bought them for my brother and he was very pleased. I chose this rating because it satisfied my brother so much, he didn't take them off for 3 days. I recommend this product to all guys who wants sports socks.", "Delivery was fast and shoe was awesome. Will definitely be on the look out for different colors.! My husband loved the fit.", "My son is very happy with his new Nike tennis!, and he use them to go out with hi friends.", "These Nike's are super cute and comfy.  I ordered a 8 1/2 which fit but seem a tad to large probably because of the mesh material,  could of gotten away with a size 8.  Anyhow these shoes are cute.", "They run true to size, and are comfortable. I walk 3 - 6 miles 5 days a week and these shoes fit the bill for that activity.", "They are so cute can't wait the to put them on the baby when he comes.He will be coming real soon.", "Using them to play basketball very good sneaker. Would buy again. Don't know what else you want me to say?", "Love this shoes, I will buy them again in diferent colors. You have to try them they are the best.", "Price was right and shipping was ok.", "My son needed sneakers to train for his track team.  He really likes them.  They are comfortable and looks great.", "I bought these as a gift for my son.  The size is as expected.  They are comfortable and he loves the look.  I don't think they would be great for running as there are no laces to adjust the fit.  However they are great for walking around and as casual shoes.", "We loves the cleats. I love watching him play! With pads and cleats, watch them play one of theAllMy son loves these clesa", "these shoes fit good, leather in the inside, the only problem I have is the sail color the bottom sole is like a cream color but you almost cant tell the difference in some light! Will be buying the red pair", "Fits true to size, very comfortable. I have several pairs in different colors of the suede material as I find them to be the most comfortable of the Nike Air force range", "My husband was very happy. They are perfect and came with a second set of laces like they're supposed to.", "These are a great pair of shoes!! Got them 2 days before the date said!! They were worth the money and my son loves them!!!!", "Extremely high quality jacket from Nike. Great deal for a jacket that usually cost well more than this. Will wear often.", "Simply beautiful got lots of compliments and very very comfortable for being on my feet 12 hours a day.", "Love the shoes", "Really love this Nike air max shoe! I have this shoe in multiple colors. It is a great lightweight shoe!", "Son loves them...really bright.", "Nice looking shoe, fits great", "My 3 year old nephew can put these on himself.  These shoes are GREAT.  I highly recommend them. I will definitely buy them again.", "Product was as described and fit very well.  A great product at a good price.", "These made my 2 year old be able to dunk and he looks like a cool dude too.  True story.", "I both these as a gift for my grandson, so my review is based on how much he likes them - and he likes them a lot. Fit was exactly as they should have been, shoe looks and feels well built. That bright read look would probably not work for me, but they look great on him.5 stars for Amazon. Great price, great shipping.", "this are cool looking shoes i dont have them yet but i am DEFINITLY getting them so it would be a good idea to get them.", "I am very happy with my new nike shox shoes.the shoes came very fast to my house,so happy with my new shoes ,thank you very much.", "Shoes were what I expected, good color, good material, arrived on time, recommend this seller. I bought them for my nephew, we were a little big but no matter", "Cool shoes for boys, nice color, beautiful design and very good quality. My son liked so much. I recommend 100%", "Never buy expensize shoes since they outgrow them so fast!  Great price on these so we tried them out... He loves em!", "wonderful", "My son saw these cleats in Sports Authority, but they never seem to have his size. So I ordered them off of Amazon and they are perfect. They fit as expected. I think that Nike's cleats tend to run a little bit bigger compared to Adidas. As for the cleats the colors are brilliant. I think the photo does not do it justice as it shows a lot of the orange. On the other side of the cleat the green from the front of the actually progressively blends into a really nice blue. The bottom of the cleat seems like it should provide good traction, but they haven't been tried outside yet.", "my son loved these shoes and they are so bright you need to wear shades to look at them!  He wears them every day, not just soccer", "Good quality my son had no problem with them he is a teen so that speaks for something especially since teens today very picky", "I had all whites as a kid and loved them - there are a still as great as they every were!", "These shoes are always a classic.  Have to have a pair of these in your closet. These are a must. You can always look so fresh and so clean with a pair of crisp white Nike 1s.  They are never a dissapointment.", "was recommended these federer shoes by a friendand bought them on a whim without trying them on....something i almost never dobut i figured i would just return them if they didnt fit welltook em out of the box...been wearing em ever since. they are ridiculously comfortable and fun to wearand quite sexy!", "I received item in great condition and I received an awesome deal on these Nikes Thank you. I love the quality of product.", "great for those narrow feet out there...these shoes are good for poor arches and achy feet, i like the color", "I really liked the support, but the shoe was too small. Returned for full refund.The construction and finish of the shoe is really nice. I'm going to have to try them on in a store.", "It is very comfertable and stylish i love these shoes so much and I'm glad I got them.i injoy them alot", "Great fit and great colour my son loves it. I will recommend this to any one it colour looks better in person", "These shoes are adorable, got a pair for myself and my sister; everyone keeps asking where they were purchased, the color is even better in person. Great purchase!", "I got these for my Nephews birthday, they are even cuter in person!  Cant wait for baseball season so he can wear them with pride :)", "This was a gift for my husband. He loved them. They fit great. He has been showing them everyone he knows will appreciate them as much as he does.", "My son loves these.  They are comfortable ... A little pricey .... But they are comfortable ... And really made well!", "Awesome", "super awsome and comfortable shoes for my 3 year old. Steady and slip proof.", "THE JOY THESE RETRO JORDENS BROUUHT TO MY SON WAS PRICELESS IT TOOK A LIL LONGER TO RECIVE DUE TO WEATHER CONDITIONS WERE THE FACTORS BUT THE END RESULT WAS PRICELESS TO MY SO . I AM SO THANKFULL  ALL OUR THANK KELLY KALLES", "Shoe feels and fits good just the pair I received has defects but from other pair of one shots I've skated they were great!", "I have a narrow foot and this shoes fits me well (med width).  It offers good support and it fits high enough on the ankle to offer nice ankle support as well.  i have spent a lot more on tennis shoes that didn't fit of feel as good as this one.", "I always liked the look of the air force one sneaker. Unfortunately they always had the reputation of not being the most comfortable sneaker. To me , Nike has corrected one of its biggest mistakes by using  a much better cushioning system. These are some very comfortable sneakers . The reflective material on the swoosh is pretty cool looking. I look forward to buying another pair of Lunar force sneakers in the future.", "Great shoe! Its really comfortable and fits well! Have have purchased all the pairs as an avid sneaker collector and have not been disappointed", "Excellent throwback sneakers love them if your looking for a good workout & training sneaker these are it . Comfortable an durable", "Just one problem, the right shoe has a piece of material that does not lay flat and it rubs the top of my foot so i had to put a pad over it.", "is a good product for players of all categories for their nice features that provide time be required. 100% recomended", "I love these. They are low to the ground, light, but very well cushioned. No break-in time required. I have bought another pair since. If it's good for Federer...Delivery was prompt and very good.", "Excellent product. Some small but the sneakers fit perfectly.  The quality is good and the materials are resistant and durable.", "Jordan never lets me down and they arrived really quick. They fit perfect (i always buy one size bigger), true to size.", "My son likes them more than he did when he found them online. He is 13 and this was a gift for being awesome.", "Came in early enough for me to start me season, they're wonderful and are just truly amazing! Definitely a must buy!!!!!!!!", "This is a good item overall, my son has being using these shoes for about three months not and they still in very good shape. I will recommend this item.", "feels great on your feet! light weight. almost like wearing a sock - this has a pros and cons. .", "They are awesome and my nephew would probably wear them all the time if he was aloud! Well worth every cent!!!", "fresh, clean, dope, solid kicks..fits true to size..fresh, clean, dope, solid kicks..fits true to size..must have sneakers..walking on clouds nike flyknit", "Love them they are so comfortable. Couldn't be happier withem and the color of the shoes. Made it on Time as promised.", "Great shoes. Love the color. They are very comfortable. I feel like my food has some soft support and I love wearing them around since I have blue eyes.", "perfect", "Great, stylish and comfortable shoe! It fit and the color in the photo matched the actual tone of the shoe.", "I ordered these on the recommendation of my Egoscue instructor, and couldn't be happier. They support the foot, but you don't even realize you have shoes on! Many kudos to Nike, my feet are so very happy!!", "Shoes arrived in time and are exactly as pictured online. I received a lot of compliments for the burst of colors (purple and bright blue is a great combination). Even though they don't provide enough support, these shoes are super light and easy to run in. True to size.", "Super fast shipping, I'm usually size US7, but from experience I bought half size bigger US 7.5 and fits perfect. Love the color combination, thoroughly recommended.", "cool&#65281;&#65281;&#65281;good&#65281;excellent&#65281;it fit me very well &#65281;color is good &#65281;comfortable&#65281;and slight&#65281;compared to other store it is better &#65281;the seller has good attitude&#65281;", "Absolutely LOVE these Nike's! They are beautiful looking in person and fit well. I highly recommend this product to anyone.", "Good walking shoe for me.  Arrived quickly and was color shown.Very comfortable.  I have three pairs in this style now.", "These are the most comfortable runners that I have purchase so farGreat for all classes or runningEveryone wants to buy them from me  :))))", "Yellow is actually a gold with a shine. Shoes can fit persons with a wide feet. inside is comfortable. looks great", "Very very very comfortable, its really cushioned compared to other &#34;air maxes&#34;. The material is cool and very easy to clean. The gold is a new colour for me on sneakers....but i like it.", "Love'm! :-) They are very comfortable and look sharp. Very pleased!", "Because I love Nike and they feel so awsome when I have them on I'm really glad I go these Nike Hyperfuse 2012 !", "Fits well Looks good and feels great I am very happy that I bought them and would do so again in anotheer color", "So I ordered this product somewhat estimating my fit, and for me it was a bit tight/constricting... more so than I am used to (ie felt like bit tough to breath). So I requested a refund and received one. The actual item was great, great color, exactly as described and appeared to be a great product, though I didn't actually get to use it. I gave 4 stars just due to I wish there was a size chart to be able to calculate sizes better.", "I cannot wait to find these in different colors. These sneakers are so nice with jeans, shorts and sweats. They are super comfortable too.", "They look and feel great. Look even better in person. I am very satisfied with my order. I even want to get the other colors as well.", "I was very pleased and highly satisfied with the product itself but there was one problem.. the color. I had originally ordered it GREY not ORANGE! I am not going to make a big deal out of this because I actually like the orange color.", "Looks just like picture, so Nike bag for a great price...very cool haven't seen to many with a zipper thats a good bonus.", "Perfect gift for my godson.  He was looking for a lightweight bag for lacrosse.  He is very happy with this bag.Loves it.Thank you.", "Had this for over a year and still use it!!!! I like it because not only am i a Nike fanboy but most gymsacks don't have a &#34;zippered&#34; front like this bag does. other than that, quality seems good! has vents on the bottom to air dry/ventilate your soaked gym clothes/towels..... So far the bag has held up well!!!! no tears.... Super happy w/ this bag!", "great bag and very convenient.  i use it for the gym.  i like how it has 3 separate compartments and easy to wear", "This is a very nice bag.  My son likes it because it has a separate compartment for his gym shoes so they don't have to touch his clothes.", "Well made item, which you expect from a name like Nike.  It's just the right size for a man to carry his workout stuff to the gym!", "This bag works great for my teenagers gym stuff - shoes, shirt, shorts and deodorant. Sturdy bag and easy drawstring use!", "Great product", "I like it for carrying stuff when In sweats or shorts.  Wish it had one more zippered pocket Inside pouch.", "I loved this bag. I bought it for my grandson. I didn't hear any complaints. He appreciated it and I like to see him happy with gifts taht I buy him.", "The zipper pocket is nice.  One more small zipper pocket would be ideal.  I would recommend the bag for gym use.", "It's nice, stylish and roomy. I bought it in grey/black and it looks good. Good quality so hopefully will last.", "These are nice socks. Very comfortable and a quality product. Ordered these for my son in High School and they were a hit.", "Awesome!!!", "The sneakers don&#34;t have the same color as the picture. After that everything is good, good quality, right zize, its ok", "Great shoe for running or if you have a full day of walking planned.  Well built shoe and will last a long time.", "Loving these sneakers! Purchased for work and standing all day in a warehouse makes it easy.....very comfortable and cheap for air max lol", "It was what I expected, they are very comfortable to exercise, you can not feel that you're wearing! Good choice...", "I have had Air Max before and this is very comfortable.  Little bit bigger fit than my old pair, but still very good.", "LOOK GREAT AND FEEL VERY COMFORTABLE, WOULD NEVER USE FOR RUNNING BUT FOR HANGING OUTGREAT FIT GREAT LOOK. THANKS", "My husband received many compliments on his shoes the first day he wore them to work!  He says that they fit great and he likes the way they look.", "I received the item as promised and the fit is true to size. The shoe is very light and comfortable.", "My honey man loves them. They were a perfect Father's day gift. I'm so glad we bought them for him.", "Quality shoe, snug fit, and look great. Very light and comfortable running shoe. I recommend this shoe and a great price!", "Awesome shoes!  Very light and very comfortable!  I'm on my feet all day so these are perfect!  Will order again!", "The shoes really hug my feet and give good cushion and support. I stopped short of a perfect score since I will need more time to wear them. So far so good though.", "The shoes were too large, though I usually wear a 10 running shoe.  I returned them for a 9 1/2.  They came today, fit perfectly.  Heading out for a run.", "This is a shoe that really fits reall good and very nice looking. It's a very light weight shoe and I love the way it feels on my feet. Would definately recommend this shoe to others.", "These feel a lot like Nike+ on the foot, which is a good thing in my humble opinion.  They are very light-weight.  The fit is what I expect from a Nike size 12.", "These trail running shoes are comfortable, lightweight and they provide excellent lateral support. I really like the feel and look!", "Perfect fit, excellent grip and surface response, liked it so much I ordered another pair a week later.Great for power walking and running.", "I bought these for my boyfriend and he LOVED them! However, after only a couple of weeks, a small hole formed, so we sent them back. I would've loved to have gotten another pair...great looking shoes.", "I just bought these and they are extremely comfortable. The fit is great, and they look cool too.The grip on rugged terrain is excellent. I recommend these to any trail runner. Great buy.", "These shoes look great and feel great. The tread life is what gives this shoe a low rating. I wore these once for a 4 mile run on a treadmill and the soles had significant wear. I couldn't imagine what they would look like after a couple of weeks of road running. Very disappointing.", "I bought these as a birthday gift for my boyfriend and he absolutly loves them. They are really good looking with any outfit and he is always saying how comfortable they are. I am really happy with this purchase.", "Good value for a good shoe", "This item is Excellent, great design, it's made from fabric and plastic , they are no heavy, they are to running", "Great pair of shoes very light weight", "I bought this shoes for one of my sons. These are awesome looking, comfy shoes! He loves them!", "Very confortable, just the right amount of cushion. Light. This is my 4th pair. Bought the first pair and liked them enough to get several colors.", "I liked the fit... Still in the early stages of use. And it's very light, so I like it for running", "very comfy wore it out the store going 10 days nothing but praisecolour true to pic, lovely purplegood for walking, jogging, circuit training, shopping, you name it", "I've bought running shoes before and was skeptical about ordering shoes online because i wasn't sure as to how they'd fit but these are awesome! fit great and so comfortable! highly recommended", "Purchased this pair of running shoes for my husband and he loves it. It was going for a really good price, plus based on the good reviews we read, it was a no-brainer. He says it fits well (true to size) and is very comfortable.", "I did not like: the price of the product is high and size of Nike's different from the rest of the companies and the biggest drawbackI liked: the design of the shoe", "perfect for running", "Love these shoes! They're lightweight, adorable, and wayyy comfortable! They fit perfectly. I've been wearing them for four months every day to work and they still look new. The only parts that get dirty are the blue stripe along the bottom and the white bottom- and when I can take a wet wipe to them and they still look brand new. Would recommend to anyone!", "I was looking for the nike free model and came across these ones. I like them, specially they are not as bulky, and they look nice. They fit perfectly and are very light which I love. I use them for long walks, not for running. The sole is less cushioned than the nike free 3 that I have, so maybe it doesn't give as much support if you use them for running.", "This is my 2nd pair.  I have issues with plantar fasciitis and these shoes are a pretty good support for my arches.  At first I thought they were kind of ugly, but they grew on me and I love them now.", "Great shoes,Very comfortable and I love the colors!! They tongue is pretty thin but feels strong when you tug and adjust it.", "Really light and comfortable. I run short distances a couple of times a week and feel very supported in these shoes.", "These Nike's fit great, however the shoes I received were not the same color as the original photo. The original photo was black, blue and orange, but the sneakers I received were gray, blue and orange...", "Those sneakers are phenomenal. It was love at first site. They are beautiful, comfortable and stylish. They are the best I have owned so far.", "This is light weight, comfort and style all in one!! Love these sneakers!! Receiving tons of compliments in PE!! Thank you!!", "Very cute shoe.  Ordered for my teenaged daughter for track.  Considering ordering me a pair.  I love the color. Daughter was happy with shoes.", "These are great cleats for outdoor astro turf fields. I play three times a week and at first they were a bit small on my wide feet but after a few weeks they fit great. People can see your feet coming from across the Field because the color is so Loud but that's why I got them. Love them and recommend them. Just know they are a bit narrow at first", "I liked the way they looked but the size was not accurate or it probably was that my foot grew and I didn't realize but other than that the shoes look good", "Light weight, work great for just starting out as a beginner runner.  Nike is always a good brand.  Love em`", "Great running/training shoes.  My daughter wears these at Military school for intense training and she is very happy with the fit and comfort.", "Great shoes, first running shoes I love!Quick shipping and very cute shoes. Make my feet look slender and small which I love!", "excellent", "first of all..i love the color of the shoe!..its amazing..for the price it's really a good buy!!Although it appears to be cheaply made, its really durable so far", "Super fast shipping. I love these shoes. Cute color and very comfortable. I even bought a second pair of these shoes in the grey, orange and pink!", "These are the bees knees!  Fit is perfect, Very comfortable.  Bright colors, and I get compliments on them regularly.  I purchaseda pair of hot pink and neon lime laces, and they look terrific .  A+ recommendation  Cheryl", "to any one who is a size 10 a 10and a half would be a better fit with sockover all i love them the colours are true to life", "I bought these as my gym shoes but they are so comfortable I ended up wearing them all the time. Great fit, super comfortable, and they have held up great! Super fast shipping! will definitely buy again.", "Comfortable shoe", "I wear a size 10 and my feet are somewhat wide so its hard to find a good fit especially shopping online. They are comfy and feel great while running my feet havent been sore yet while i wear them.", "Comfortable shoes and I love the look!", "Great grip on turf and control over the ball No. 4. Nice control under the No. 4 ball. Great fit, as expected. Pretty cool colors.", "So happy we purchased throughAmazon. Saw in the store for a lot more money. These fit true to size and are a great qualty cleat for turf use.", "I like it as fitting my needs. this is what i was looking for since ages.I recommed to every one looking for shoes that help to improve her/his soccer skills,", "I haven't played in years and I joined a rec league recently. I picked these shoes up to keep my feet in shape and motivate myself to keep playing. They are a touch more pricey than I hoped to pay, but they are worth it. They provide traction everywhere you need it for ball control. They are nice and tight to keep your feet where they need to be and keep your souls from shifting in the shoe.  I don't love the texture on the back of the shoe, but that is a very small complaint.Overall these shoes are great. I am glad I picked them up. I am going to be looking to upgrade within the same line in maybe a year or so.", "These cleats are well designed and provide great comfort. It is a great product; quality at a very reasonable price.", "Perfect! Five Stars'!", "This has to be the best pair of indoor soccer shoes I have ever owned. I got the turf shoes to prevent slippage when playing at my indoor soccer facility, regular indoor shoes were not working very well.These are very comfortable and shaped to my feet the best so far.", "Really nice shoes, low weit and great quality, my friend was very happy with them, he is a really futbol player.", "they just looks better in real :) , the color were perfect and they fit great. since they arrive he's using them", "fits great, feels great, id buy this brand and style again. I love Nike and for indoor soccer these shoes are awesome", "It was a little tight;but I hope it will fit more comfortably as I wear it more. Other than that, it looks nice", "Super stylish & original! Tons of compliments on these shoes!  Sturdy and can be used for my younger son as well!", "I love these shoes!! They match perfectly with my jeans. They are very comfortable, and do not hurt my feet. I have three boys, so casual looks are important. My boys even think they are awesome for &#34;girl&#34; shoes!", "Hands down best soccer cleat I have ever owned. I've been playing for 19 years and am still impressed with the build and performance quality of this cleat. The cleats DO come with the Mercurial bag pictured and also has a small width-wise zippered pocket on the inside top. Perfect for ball pumps, socks, or small personal belongings. The carbon fibre on the bottom is very much real and makes the soles super stiff but yet the lightest shoe ever. The cleats themselves are Firm Ground but yet have a little sway to them on harder surfaces like wood or concrete (try to avoid these surfaces at all costs to avoid extra wear) Its a unique feeling compared to other cleats I've worn but on grass they are a beast. Ball handling, running, stopping, jumping, all amazing in these. Fit like a glove (Nike Soccer's strong suit) so order true size. The visual's of this cleat are stunning. Loads of compliments so far but you can easily blind people if they aren't expecting it (literally) in the sun; they are brighter than a highlighter. Ive been practicing with these nearly daily and expect to be using these for a long time. I regularly clean the cleats keep them in the bag and always put the cardboard inner piece back in the cleats when not in use (cardboard pieces come with cleats). Im pairing these cleats with the Adidas Brazuca 2014 Fifa World Cup Winter Match ball, highly recommended. Overall if you're worried about price, just go for it. With soccer cleats the more you spend, the better product you get. Happy kicking!", "This was a true fit, and is a great buy. What a great addition to any Nike t shirt lover.", "Great bag for the gym. I'm 5'10 and the bag is perfect for me. Shoes, pants, and everything else fits in there", "What a great duffel bag.  Not only is it aesthetically appealing, it also does its job quite well.  It is a nice mid-sized bag with multiple compartments.  The main midsection is vast and holds quite a lot.  It holds my laundry bag, shoes, clothes, and much more.  I use one of the side compartments for my deodorants, perfumes, lotions, soap, and the other for my weightlifting straps.  The bag feels durable and travels quite well.  It has the ability to get skinny when stuffing in a smaller locker.  Overall, a great bag which is pretty cool.  I would definitely recommend it to any interested.", "It was perfect size! Tons of room on the inside! Exactly what my husband was looking for! Will buy again!", "its nice and i use it a lot. the side zipper already broke and the bag is really flimsy unlike the picture would depict.", "Love it. It goes with everyting I wear and I wear these sneakers on a regular basis. Very comfortable and looks awesome.", "this is a comfortable shoe I wear them often and I like Nike brand I will tell my friends about this you thank you", "Great feel great look very satisfied I will proceed and continue to rock them right yes in deed thanks amazon", "thank you I love these shoes they are great!!", "He loves them, I will purchase more for him! These are great. He says they are very comfortable. Thank you!", "I bought these shoes for my 6,5&#34;, 290lb son for Father's Day, he is 38 yrs in age and liked the shoes... He is conservative and selective about what he wears, a teacher and a coach for a boys football team.  So far I have been satisfied with my purchases from Amazon", "My son loves these kind of shoes and when he say them for less on Amazon it was a no brainer.  He enjoyed them.", "These air max 95's are simply awesome...Love the colorway and they fit like they should ... what more can i say?", "I am a big fan of bright colors and glow in the dark items. So when I was looking for a shoe that glows, it took me months. Then I saw these.... OMG! AWESOME!", "first of all I have to say that I love the air max 95 version. secondly  great product and a great seller thanks a lot", "I love nike  Air Max 95 sneakers! they fit great they are comfortable, and they look good on your feet. the premium tape are new to the lineup and they fit right in with the rest of the 95 airmax lineup so if you can still find a pair in your size get them their worth the money. ps. I'm still looking for the black and grey, premium tape 95 airmax if any one still has them in size 10 let me know", "EXCELLENT PRODUCT. FIT AS AXPECTED. GREAT QUALITY MATERIALS AND GREAT AIR CAPSULE.JUST TOOK TOO LONG TO GET TO MIAMI.THANK YOU", "Looked everywhere for them.....should have know to just go to Amazon first would have saved me a lot of walking haha  They were my sons favorite present made him happy happy happy!! :)  Thanks for the fast shipping too!!", "I love these shoes they are so cute and look even better in person. They are feel super light and so comfortable. I stand on concrete for my job and my feet don't ache nor hurt when I get off. I normally wear a 6 and got them in a 6 and they fit perfect. Air Max are my favorite brand of shoes and these are another prime example of why.", "when she opened it she loved it thank you very much it was exactly how you described it and it fit very nice.", "Love this shoes. Stylish and very comfortable love the print design on front. Fits true to size and is very light.", "Really loved it! Looks exactly as the picture, and the size fits perfectly. Recommend to anyone wanting to buy an Air max", "This is a great shoe and was a GREAT purchase for me. I love the fit and love running in them.", "I love these shoes!", "Great shoes very light and comfortable a little sung need to break them in.", "Comfortable with a good fit and nice material. I love the color and elastic type cuffs. It lives up to the brand name. It makes a good spring jacket without the need to be a hard nosed runner.", "The reason that I give this product 3 stars is because it the color was a lot darker than represented by the picture and description of it. I was looking specifically for red pants and these are more on the burgandy side, however, they fit perfectly and are of great quality.", "Fit great and love the material!", "Purchased for my grandson.  He told me what size he wanted; when they arrived, he tried them on and said they were perfect.", "My nephew loved these....he is a NY knicks fan and these matched perfectly with that teams colors!!! For the price I thought they may have lasted longer but then again he is 12 so that could have played a big part in that. He wore them for EVERYTHING!!! lol", "My 10 year old soccer playing son asked me to write this review.. He was impressed with how light it was and comfortable it felt. It is a tad expensive, but seeing how good it feels, I would say it is money well spent. Problem is that kids' feet keep growing, and I will to to shop for another pair in three months!", "This product came fastx  I am very pleased!  It fits perfectly and I wanted them for cheer tryouts, and they came the night beforex  They are expensive though, that is my only complaint.", "Nike pro shorts are amazing! I traded my VS boyshort underware for them! Purrrrfect:-) Can't wait to keep getting more and more!!!!", "I like the shorts and fit for what I need them for but was expecting a little bit more support for running.  I kept them and use them.", "Shorts came on time and just as described. Good quality and the fit is a little bit smaller than the other Nike Pro shorts I have odered which is fine. Still a good fit. I have two teenage daughters that are HS Varsity Cheerleaders and the love their Nike Pro shorts for cheer practice and gymnastic classes.", "Love these shorts. They don't ride up and they fit perfectly and don't hug too tight. Feels good to move in them without getting a wedgy.", "I bought this for my 16 year old Granddaughter. I couldn't find the size &#34;Small&#34; anywhere.  I was told that when they come into the store, that size flys off the shelf. So, I had to get them online. She is a cheerleader and wears these to practice her gymnastic stunts. She says they are very comfortable.", "They're really soft and they're wonderful for running and stuff. They fit as described and the color is exactly the same as well.", "Perfect to wear under my tennis skirt with matching Atomic Orange top.  It's our team color this summer. I bought the matching visor too.", "Perfect for daughter age 11.", "The jersey was a last minute purchase for my grandson. He loved it. I had even expected it to arrive after xmas but it came before which made it that much sweeter a deal.", "I got mine used-like new and it came with the tag and everything. The jersey I ordered was a medium and was a bit small, so I would recommend going a size higher. Everything else is good", "They were very fast sending the item so i could get it for Christmas.The price is very low and the quality of the product is extremely good", "I think its a decent quality. Im about 5:7 and i got a medium and it was perfect. The liga logo on the right is plastic and thats the only default i see in the jersey, other than that it is great!", "I gave it 5 stars because i really loved it . High quality and it is exactly like the description and the picturesdelivered fastHighly recommended.", "Not as good as I expected....this jersey came with holes on the sides... Apparently These holes are suppose to keep you cool, but they are too big.", "The product is player-authentic, price is cheap very good deal. I recommend to anyone, size runs a bit small. GREAT!", "great quality great fit good price now if i can get my son to take it off he loves his jersey", "It took a while to get the product but it is coming from China so it's expected. To me the size was accurate as I ordered a medium and it fit my husband.", "I purchased this for my grandson who lives in Europe, plays and loves soccer.  He had a Barcelona kit that I had purchased in Spain several years ago but was now too small.He was SO impressed because this shirt was the OFFICIAL one!!  He slept in it the day it arrived and wore it all the next day as well.  You made me the most loved Mimi (grandmother) in the world.  Thanks!", "IT is one of the best jersey i owned, fits well for medium size, just taking one star as shipping is slow, had to wait for couple of weeks but totally worth it", "I'm happy with the product  quality and performance. :) Shoes fit great and very comfortable and have received complements from people.", "Shoes look great. The colors are very pretty. This is my second pair of Dual Fusion and they are so light and comfortable. They will correct you stride. Great for your feet! Highly recommended!", "nice i would by another or even tell my friends to try them or any one for that matter nice", "I purchased the shoes for my son who is very pleased with the the shoes. I ordered a 10 1/2 and the shoes fit fine.", "My 12 year old son and I have to agree upon what shoes he gets, and these ones we both liked.  They fit well...a little on the big side so he has room to grow.  I gave them 5 stars because my son was so happy with them and really likes the style, color and fir.", "This individual chose this rating because these particular pair of shoes are very light. Therefore, this pair of NIKE shoes was a gift for one's father and he really loves them and has gotten many positive comments about these pair of NIKE shoes.", "great shoe. very comfortable and stylish. nike outdid themselves with this redesign. would definitely recommend to anyone who is a fan of nike.", "the shoes were perfect but I usually wear a size 12 in Nike and these ran a whole size larger. I sent them back and got a size 11 that fit perfect.", "Very good quality shoe. Came on Christmas Day and I was so excited to give my husband who is a huge falcons fan this gift.", "They were surprisingly comfortable compared to most basketball shoes. They were bendable and still had some support too. The laces wore out a little by the end of the season", "Shoes came three days early (I got the black ones) with a pair of black and blue shoe laces, also included was a fresh pair of black socks as a gift for ordering! They fit great and the color is amazing! I am very happy with this purchase, Great price too!", "Shoes look a lot better in person. Perfect size and came with blue laces as well. Very sharp shoes get a lot of compliments on them.", "Great pair of sneakers with the colors just like the picture,  feel like regular air forces, causal wear Def uncommon", "nice fit and look.  usually wear 10 or 10.5 and the 10 was perfect.  roomy toe box and great fit.  color is great.", "These are great shoes at a great price I've got so many complements on these it's ridiculous I love these shoes and they are super comfortable if u want these do not hesitate they ARE NOT a waste of money at all and they last forever this is my second pair", "I love the nike air force 1 , its reminds me the ol skool , still remember first type, all I can say this is retro. double thumbs up", "This was my second pair of Hyperflights (I have the Lunar's as well) and this shoe has gotten a lot of attention as well.  People have literally stopped me walking by and asked me &#34;What type of shoe is that?!&#34; and I proudly tell them &#34;Nike Hyperflight!&#34;.PROS:1. Attention-grabbing color combo (I call them my Sharks)2. Fit is beyond comfortable-feels like walking on air3. Great ankle support which is good rather you are shooting hoops or on your feet for extended periods of timeCONS:I have no cons!This is a great looking sneaker that fits like an ace.  If you are thinking about getting a pair, don't think anymore, just get them...you won't regret it!", "I think these things are great, but it would be better if I got the right size! A must have in my opinion.", "It was exactly what I needed for my grandson. It fit perfert and arrived on  time.A great surprise for him. Thank you", "I love these shoes. ABSOLUTELY GORGEOUS. They fit great & just look stunning on your feet. I would also like to say that they was super super easy. I (stupidly) put on my shoes right after getting them to go visit some of my friends who were fishing. The short story is that one of my shoes ended up muddy & I wanted to cry, I thought they would be ruined. But with water and soap, the dirt came right off all over the shoe. AMAZING. not only do they look gorgeous now, but they will probably look gorgeous for a long time after with the proper care. I will definitely be getting the blue pair once I have the money!!", "Love these. Light & fit just great", "Love these runners, received them to-day and will be wearing them tomorrow for Pump Class. My instructor will be so jealous :)", "Very nice I love them definitely what I need and a tennis shoe cant wait to get more thanks fly", "Adorable! I love these shoes and they got here when expected. Lighter weight than I thought so that was nice!", "Although I love the look and these are super comfy and fit true to size. The little cute dots on the design bleed through where my foot bends. I NEVER have been outside in the rain or in puddles. Also I've had them for a month and walk about 5 miles a day and the bottom traction is also wearing off a lot. They fit true to size. I have the Moypup color in these that are a different fabric and they are perfect!", "I love my rosheruns they are incredibly lightweight and super comfy!!! The pattern is adorable and stylish for any  occasion but I wear mine mainly for working out.", "I wear this shoe every place I go.  I love the colors, the fit and the comfort it provides.  I plan to wear it out then buy another pair!This shoe makes for happy walking and extremely happy feet.", "Good for running.", "Run large and VERY wide. Very comfortable and no complaints otherwise.", "My fiance loves these. They fit perfect, we did have to order a size larger than she usually wears . Other than that , it's a good buy with fast shipping.", "These look great. The blue is vibrant and it almost looks like the green is glow in the dark. I'm pleased. They're soft and comfortable. The shipping was delayed which I was informed of. Very professional and I still got them on time. Worth the money.", "These are the most comfortable things EVER. They totally cradled you foot in all the right places.  Love these so much!", "This was just what my daughter wanted.  She says they are the most comfortable flip flops ever.  The cushioning is quite nice.  We chose Amazon because local stores started at size 6 and we needed a 5 for her little foot!  We would purchase these again in a heartbeat - either for her, or I would buy for myself!", "This pair of nike's had become my favorite shoes! They are comfortable, the colors are vibrant and full of life. I receive lot's of compliments every time I wear them.", "Very comfortable and easy to slip on. Can't wait to wear these at the beach!", "If it's very perfectly I'm happy I got them", "Product came new and well packaged from LV Premium Outlets.  These glasses are very flexible on the temples and bridge, hopefully they wont get all bent out of shape as easily as others do.", "great fit", "Since I seen them I liked them but now that I have them on they fit perfect and they are great", "Running shoes are great for casual wear, they fit great and my son loves them.  Only issue was that delivery was about 10 days later than projected.", "love these shoes. dirt is easily wiped off. light as paper.one problem. lack of real traction for an &#34;off-road type&#34; shoe.wear a 12./13 & 12's fit fine.", "I ordered this shoe in my actual foot size and it was a little tighter than I though it would be but still fits well and is an extremely comfortable shoe over all. The Roshes are definitely the lightest shoe I have ever worn and can be worn with no socks. Great shoe to wear in summer!", "These Nike shoes are very confortable, they may feel kind of weak but the support is superb. The colors are killer white, teal and orange is a great combination with other clothing elemnts!", "First time having the lunarlon version of nike.  Very comfortable and easy to be on feet all day in the shoe.  For this particular style the fit is somewhat wide on the foot", "They're good i really like them i would recommend them to anyone who likes Jordan's gear to go and get them", "That's great pair of shoes more than expected even for the most exigent.  I just love them color and appearance make the difference. ..", "what can I say, looks freakingawesome, hand woven by some slaves in another country, turns heads. its super light weight. its baller", "Original model and fit as expected.I was surprise when realize that some parts glow in the dark. That's make this shoes very original.", "Its authentic. Am a very satisfied customer. Would love to see more choices from the club sneaker. Please bring in more air max thank you", "In order to November 24. arrived on December 6. It was quite fast.There was a wrinkle or dent on the inside of the right shoe. I do not know b grade or at the time of packing.It is an effort to get rid of it and put the shoe keeper. No plans to return.I'm happy. I will use the next time if cheaper price.Item Subtotal: $71&#12288;Shipping & Handling: $50&#12288;Sold by shoezooThank you", "These shoes are very comfortable and well made. They are extremely flexible and I can move freely in them! However they are not made for long distance running as I had hoped as they do not provide the support needed. But over all a very good buy!", "Perfect trail running shoe, best traction I've ever had.  Won't use anything else.. Hope that Nike continues to make them. Thank you.", "10.5 Nike usually fit me but these are a bit too perfect my feet rub quite a bit when walking for some distances.  Overall the trainers are great If they fitted me they would be very comfortable.", "Grandson love them.  Was a great birthday surprise for him.  He was very excited about them and they were exactly what he wanted.", "For basketball :) I've tried them on not performed in them yet.Nice light shoe :) for sporting events. Great", "My daughter loves this shoe! The size was exact to her foot. She's been wearing the shoe for about 2 weeks and still likes the way it feels.", "they are comfortablethey just exactly what I expectedif you like shox you will love theseI could not be happier", "My husband loves these shoes. Easy to wipe clean and hold their color. 4 months old now and still feel like the day he got them.", "I already had one pair so I figured why not get another . They cost the Same price at footlocker but  I never had to leave the house so its kool great product brand new in the box .", "Perfect!!!! exactly what i wanted and expected this is my 4th pair i put them to use jogging daily so they do wear out", "Purchased for my granddaughter back to school.  They look good and fit great.  Shipping was a little slow but they arrived just in time.  Good size selection and price at Amazon.", "They came quick which I loved! They were a birthday gift. Was a little worried about the bottom part at first...thought they were clear but turned out silver,  wasnt sure he would like that be he does. Hes pretty picky. LolSo ladies, if ur man likes ken griffey this is definitely the shoe for him. Highly recommend!", "I'm a size 9 in nearly every single one of my shoes.  I have the Atlas 2's in a size 9 which also fit perfectly.  However, these ran about a half size too large.  I think I'll keep them and see how they fit after breaking them in.  I still received quite a few compliments and can't wait to take these for a run.  That's not something I look for from shoes...but nice to have.I prefer cross trainers as the provide more arch support.  They are also great for power lifting (squats in particular).  New &#34;running&#34; shoes really don't provide the stability required for heavy lifts.  Granted, many people are lifting bare foot these days.  These are comfortable, &#34;heavy&#34;, and stylish, but don't beg for too much attention.", "If you don't like big backpacks this isn't the backpack for you. Personally I love this backpack! It has a pocket in the front that is insulated. My water once spilled in there and it didn't get all over the backpack and was easy to clean. It's also a good price considering my cousin got this backpack for $90! Great Product", "I got this for my 10-year-old son. He loves it.  It's  high-quality and looks great. Lots of room and pockets to carry everything you need at the gym.", "Great backpack.  Well constructed with lots of compartments to store and organize everything and looks good as well.  Side pockets are adjustable and large enough to fit the large Gatorade bottles or can be tightened to fit a smaller water bottle.  Great features.", "This is a very nice and well made backpack. My grandson is a fan of the  Oaklahoma Thunders. This was added to his collection.", "My daughter loves this bag,she uses it for traveling with her AAU basketball team.it packs a lot and very sturdy.", "Bought this for my 10 year old and he loves it.  His 13 year old brother tends to use it a lot therefore causing brotherly arguments.  Ah, the joys of parenting.  Nonetheless, great backpack!", "Extremely pleased with the product.  It is perfect for going to ballgames.  Ball...water..clothes and shoes all fit.  Easy to pack", "My grand daughter loves it , she is ready for a new one!!!!! She loves the Thunders - OKC Love", "I love the way the shoes look on and off. the laces or something hurts both the tops of my feet.  I am a bartender and on my feet all day. those f#####ng shoes killed my feet, but on top.  I still wear them but not to work. Even then they hurt my feet", "High quality, convenient and practical, wonderful color, lots of pockets inside, hard to buy this bag in VENEZUELA I recommended this product", "These shoes are great and really cute on. I wouldn't buy these for exercise but they are lightweight and comfortable. Great for walks and general use.", "I bought these for walking shoes...spring is on the way and I wanted something to go walk the neighborhood in.  these are GREAT.  very comfy but also gives your calves a nice work out.  I could feel them start to burn sooner then usual. the fit is spot on", "They are a tad bit big, but not bad. I absolutely love the color and they are comfortable and casual! I have gotten so many compliments on them already! Great for Spring/Summer!", "This was a great fit for my size 10 foot.  Work out about three times a week and usually have some pain in my feet, but not with these Nike's.", "I like the shoe and did not return it.  It fits fairly well just a wee bit narrower than the last nike shoe I got.Light weight and comfortable.", "I love my Nike. Comfortable, airy, light. Running is perfect now. Thank you Nike and thank you Amazon for a great price.", "great shoe,light for walking,comfortable,and delivered on time.a definite great buy or just as a gift for that speacial someone.dont think twice", "I think I lost this bag within the first 4 months that I had it... When I had it though, it was perfect for carrying my cleats and gear to and from practice.", "purchased for my son (age 14) he uses it for his gym clothes at school and really likes it. Would purchase from seller again.", "Bought this for our son who plays basketball. Hes able to fit his shows water phone and an extra pair of shorts and a shirt in this thing with ease. Very nice!!", "Perfect track bag for my son. Super fast delivery! Nice shade of blue. Even has a mesh front so his track shoes won't stink up the inside!", "I love this bag its lightweight and can hold a lot for its size. I like the color of it.", "Nice and roomy - my son's giant size 9 shoes and a large water bottle fit in nicely.  Well made and looks good!", "got one for my boss and one for my husband they love them but i have seen them use it?????", "Looks cool and holds more than it looks like. Shipping was pretty fast. I am such a nike fan so what more is there to say?", "A great gym bag, well made and a good size. It holds sneakers and a change of clothes but is small enough to fit in a locker. The carrying straps make it convenient to wear as a back pack or over one shoulder. My son really likes it.", "I bought this bag thinking that I needed something that would be sturdy and do the trick to carrying my random stuff ie. keys, wallet, papers, etc. around. This was worth the money and works fantastic!!! If you need something light weight and reliable this is your bag", "Good back pack/ gym sack works well. stylish. I love it. Now I can go out to my friends sleep over with all my things in one place", "I noticed that this bag is not for soccer. Cuz the opener is just not that big to put the full size soccer ball easily. Beside, the material and quality is very awesome. I love the design.", "Perfect sizeMesh on the bottom to air out, awesome!!!!!Works for the gym, when I run to work, when I ride my bike and for a make shift work bag!!!THANK YOU", "Was purchased as a gift for a nice, young man.He needed it for school and sports.Great bag for anyone.", "This bag is Great for any teenagers basketball equipment. It has plenty of room for shoes and shirts and any loose items they have.", "Great colors and fits as expected. After a while the shoe began to hurt, but Im assuming because its new.", "I got thease as a gift! Great purchase. FIts as expected, thanks for making a quality product. would purchase again.", "Very comfortable, excellent grip, light, and good support. My favorite show to play basketball in. I recommend to not use these outside due to the materials in it.", "These look just as awesome in person. Very happy with this purchase. Fit perfectly. Might pick up another pair cause there going to be worn a lot", "The shoe looks ok but seems to cut into the rear of my ankle. It wore a blister into both feet and I will need to wear a brace to avoid further discomfort.", "very nice, beautiful, good, everything ok, thanks", "i gave this as bday gift to my husband! he loves it so comfortable he said..he used this for playing basketball", "This is a good shoe.  It has nice gray color with just enough orange for a teenaged boy. The shoe laces are to short.", "My son loves the cool look and comfort all in one.  Would absolutely recommend this item. Nike is the way to go", "When I got it I really liked how it looked. I tried them on, and it fit almost perfectly! The only complaint I have is that the shoe laces were about 6-8 in. short. I barely had enough to tie them. But it had a lot of grip and felt good. Overall really good shoe! :)", "I already tried it at the store before I ordered it online.  It fits true to size!!  I highly recommend buying it.", "I have absolutely no complaints about these shoes. Perfect fit. Arrived the day before they were expected. Great quality. Great shoes. Totally worth what I paid for them.", "Nice fit, really light and comfortable to play with. Definitely worth the buy. Highly recommend these for basketball sneakers .", "Very good. Exactly what i expected since i bought this shoe twice before. I would recommend it to anyone looking to play bball.", "Nice and well made shoes. it's all you can espect for Nike shoes. I just loved. I hope this review can help you.", "The sneakers are attractive and fits perfectly. I wore them on the basketball court and they really felt fantastic on my feet. I don't play much basketball but I wanted a quality pair sneakers so when I play, I don't have any issues with my feet.", "The product was exactly what i was expecting, i recommend this priduct, the lightness , the comfort is great !", "Great shoe for a very active 14 year old.  He runs and runs, and they're still going strong.  He's very hard on shoes, but thes have not only held their shape they've retained their bright color and clean up so nicely", "Amazing! These shoes are beyong comfortable, especially when I'm at the gym or just walking around. Not only comfortable but stylish. I love the cross padern and the colors I chose. All in all amazing pair of shoes!!", "I chose this rating because these shoes run small the size 13 works but a 12 1/2 would have been perfect.", "This is a great shoe.From the way it fits to the way it performs and specially how it looks. Does not fall short for nothing.", "I love the 3.0 free trainers. Only reason I wouldn't give them 5 stars is their price, but every prominent training shoe is the same. I have wide feet, and although these are snug, they flex and allow my foot plenty of room for running, squatting and olympic lifting. These seem to have slightly more side support than the previous version, but maybe they'll &#34;free&#34; up a little bit as I wear them in. More support is not exactly what I'm looking for in this shoe as I prefer the minimalist quality. Anyway if you have the cash to drop they are stylish and most of all comfortable for intense workouts. Wolf grey looks great too, next time I will get a more colorful pair.", "It is a fantastic shoe. It got here in no time at all. The shoe is comfortable and I enjoy wearing them.", "I didn't realize what the Nike numbering system meant.  Free 3.0 is close to the ground than Nike free 4.0 or 5.0.  The lower the number the less cushion you have under your feet.  So the insoles in the Free 3.0 are really thin and they do not offer all day comfort.  I had to put aftermarket insoles to make them more comfortable.  There is too much arch support also.  If Nike could carry the same look and design in Free 4.0 and Free 5.0 I would buy these in Free 5.0 for more cushion.  Unfortunately, I don't find any shoes that are as attractive as these in 4.0 or 5.0.", "Fit is very narrow. I would definately try these on in a store before buying. Otherwise, they are a great looking shoe.", "Nike made a very good job with this shoes. The material seems to be resistant. I do recommend this buy.", "Though I liked the original zoom atteros better, saved $10 buying these. Quite fine. Fit is fine, they're very comfortable. Bought them for walking. After a few days breaking in, walked 2 miles yesterday--very good support.", "This pair of shoes are light and well balanced. The sole has plenty of cushion. The pair I got fit perfectly for me. This would be expected as this kind of shoes are supposed to be worn with thin socks (or without socks). I cannot comment how durable these are yet...", "I expected more.", "I love the color just they ran a little large for me.  The shoe itself is very comfortable.  I plan on getting another pair but in Red.", "Excellent stability and comfort. I also like the flashy color specially at night. Cars notice you on the pavement.Bought a T-shirt same color to give max effect :)", "I love this shoe in the Volt color. Feels great and so far holds up to me being a fatty. I like loud colors and this does the trick. I use it for everyday wear, not in the gym. extremely comfortable.", "Make sure to order a half size smaller than usual.  These run big. Nice bright color, with a comfortable fit.", "they fit nicely. finally a shoe that's wide enough. love the color. comfortable and light weight. The heel dug into my heels the first day I wore them but now it doesn't.", "I bought mine at a local store and compared to most Nike shoes these are not narrow. These are sharp and by far not cheap looking. I wear size 12 to 13 in most shoes and the 12 fits great. Perfect for every day use and very sporty looking. Very comfortable shoe and I would recommend these.", "Love them", "I never ordered sneakers online before. I was always afraid they would not fit right. But the sneakers actually fit better than the sneakers that I bought at the store. They were perfect. I read all the reviews and took a shot and it worked out great. I think I'm going to buy another pair in a different color.", "I've bought a lot of Nike shoes, but I have to say for the money this isn't one of my favorites. I was expecting something more substantial in a cross trainer. This shoe feels pretty light and &#34;flimsy&#34;. It doesn't seem to me like you're getting a lot of shoe for the money. I think you can do better for the amount of cash you would spend on this one.", "Excellent for many purpose and very light", "these were for my son and he just loves them they are a good fitting shoe and nice style", "The subject Nike shoe is great in shape and very comfortable, I like the model and colour; however, it is slippy on wet floor...", "These shoe have a good fit and they are very comfortable. They run true to size and respond very well.", "I love Nike it's a the top of the food chain for me, I like other brands but love nike", "I looked around for a good week finding the best deals/running shoes. This are the perfect shoes if you do all types of training. If you're looking just to run, and that's it; these shoes aren't for you. They're good running shoes, don't get me wrong, but I would've gotten a little lighter had that been my goal. I lift, do cross fit, short agility drills, and run about 2-3 miles. Perfect shoes for just that.", "I am wearing this shoe for workouts and coaching.  Love it. Very comfortable and stable for working out and anywhere be it in the gym or knocking around.", "I like these shows a lot. They are comfortable, yet firm. They are also easy to clean. Would recommend them.", "This shoe fits and feels great. It's very light in weight and has cool stylish features. Love the color, so it's a little different from most running shoes.", "These shoes are EXTREMELY comfortable. They have great cushioning on the bottoms, and they provide excellent grip on just about anything, from concrete to grass. The great cushioning also absorbs a lot of impact when you jump off of something. There isn't much else to say about these shoes, and I would recommend them to anyone who is looking for a nice running/sports shoe.", "Rhee Ali TeeA great shoe if you're an active walker or just getting back into running (or are a part-time) runner", "It fits as expectedThe material looks rather good qualityOther potentials customers should consider the style and type of material this shoe is made of (when I purchased it there were just one little picture available. Zoom view was not available)The item is below my expectation but it looks rather good quality", "I bought these for my husband and he loved them.  I can't say how they are holding up because he's cautious about wearing them because he doesn't want to &#34;mess&#34; them up.", "This was a great buy for me! I usually wear 11.5 in Nike shoes so I ordered 11.5 and they fit perfectly. They're nice and light so they'll be perfect for casual wear or when I'm running around. The biggest surprise was they look better in person than on the picture which is a bit unusual because it's usually the other way around. I definitely recommend these for people that like athletic shoes that are light  and extremely comfortable!", "I really love these shoes so far. Very light, comfortable, good cushioning, good fit and support. Though I appreciate the 'brighter' colors on a lot of today's athletic shoes, these work better for me when I wear them casually. My only concern for their durability is the interesting lacing support with the lace supports themselves being laces. My fear is that these will fail before the rest of the shoe leaving the shoe useless. I'll update the review if it does prove to be a problem in the future. For now, 5 stars!", "As advertised. High quality shoe that looks and fit fantastic. Used it on an overseas trip. Very comfortable and lightweight.", "I have been wearing these for a few months now, and they are wonderful. Very comfortable, and they are showing very little sign of wear. Highly recommended!", "I bought these shoes as a present for my wife and she can be very picky when it comes to shoes. Since she put them on for the first time she has said nothing but good things about them.", "In the last month , I've bought 3 pairs of cross - trainers mainly for classes like Zumba. This pair has been the overall best for this type of activity without buying a specific \"dance\" shoe.  There  is enough arch support.  Also, I really like the color combination.  If the sole had a small swivel pad then they would be perfect.  Despite not having this feature, I am still able to turn side to side very easily.", "Very lightweight and perfect for cross training. cute colors too.", "I can see why people say the size runs a little small.. I'm a size 8 and ordered 8. It is a little snug but still fits perfectly because my toes are not crammed at the front. I absolutely love the design!!! I train with these shoes in the gym and they give me perfect support!", "I bought these shoes not knowing exactly what size to get. I already had  a pair of Nike free 5.0 and thought these would be exactly the same but they weren't.  even tho they weren't what i thought they were going to be they are perfect. the yellow is a very bright highlighter yellow and purple and blue are a nice dim but somewhat bright color.  they're super light and comfy.", "I train for a couple of different events every year, and buy about 3 pairs of shoes for each year. These are my first purchase this year, and they've made me ready to retire both of my old pairs.They are super light weight, and very comfortable. Like walking on a foam cloud... I've been using them for cross-training, and with the jumping and high-intensity work outs, I am not disappointed. I have much less pain in my knees and ankles than before. They are also very breathable, which is a great addition.(I have not used them outside, only for the indoor workouts and treadmill use. So how they would hold up on different turfs, I cannot say for sure.)", "With hammer toes a problem when wearing tennis shoes, a friend suggested these!  I had tried several different brands, but couldn't stand the discomfort. Tried these on, bought and they are the perfect fit!  Ordered another pair from you and am sure I will in the future.  Comfort is important to me.", "I usually order a half size up in sneakers. I wear a 7 1/2 and bought an 8- they fit perfect and the colors are great.", "They are lite to the feet and are very comfy. My daughter just love the feel of them. Very flexible and cool. One happy young lady.", "...are awesome! I have had them over a month now and I am still getting compliments. I wear them at work, and they are very comfortable. I have to move around on concrete all day and my ankles definitely do not even feel it!", "i really like these in the pics online but in person they arent great. toe area is tight and no wiggle room. easily returned though!", "I love these shoes. I have a very thin foot and these fit great without feeling like there is extra space on the sides of my feet.", "Works great for me. I like low profile shoes for cross training and this fits the bill. Lightweight, flexible and very, very comfortable. True to size too.", "Great shoes comfortable and perfect for my gym workouts. Low around ankle so if you need more ankle support these shoes are probably not suitable.", "Love this sneaker.  Love the print, the colors, the fit.  So light weight.  I have not used these for walking though, just for going out and about.  Very comfortable, true to size.", "Really love these sneakers. They arrived quickly,look just like the picture and were true to size.Very happy with my purchase.", "Was great fit for my young lady she was so happy Omg you all make me type more than I want too", "These sneakers are so cute and comfortable. Couldn't be more happy with my purchase, it feels like I'm walking on air.", "They looked like sport and excercising pair of shoes, but were much better.  They can even be used to go out ocassionally.  Colors and details are accurate.  I gave them to my sister-in-law and she loved them!", "Durable and comfortable.", "I love these shoes!  Also had great customer experience.  I had a question about the shoe and customer service was exceptional. They looked for different color and even offered to send a new pair and sent me an email so I could look at the different color.  I ended up keeping these and I am glad I did!", "i love it i wish i could put them in a crystal box so they dont get dirty or something like that.  fit perfect and the colors are beautiful", "I haven't bought running sneakers in years buy I could remember always feeling weird and would have to break them in. However these sneakers fit very comfortably and I love them.  They are a very light fit as if I have nothing on my feet.", "The shoes fit perfectly and are wide in front and comfortable to play tennis with. Tennis players should all get this type of shoe, even if you are a beginner.", "Comfortable shoe but doesn't have enough cushion. I won't buy it again.", "I bought these first from tennis warehouse in Glacier,  they recently took the sale off of them so I decided to check amazon for the gray pair in 7.5. Found them :) These shoes are extremely comfortable, very light (basically its like a featherlight hat but for your feet), and very smooth with movement and bends of the foot. The style is cool, and you feet don't get as hot as they do in other shoes.I have an old injury (torn ligament in the arch of my right foot) and most shoes just kill me to the point of having to sit down for 20 minutes and hold my foot because it will have a spazum and lock up . These are the first shoes that I've bought since my injury that didn't hurt, and didn't hurt my shins (probably from how light they are or where the sole is a nice density and padding too so it would maybe absorb shock from running more).They are slightly narrow, but if you have skinny feet/not wide as I do they'll be perfect for you. Once on you feet they do look like you put them on the wrong feet because of the design (but it's pretty cool looking also), but I still love these shoes. First NIKEs I've bought myself in 15+ years, and I'm 25. Way to go NIKE, making me want to buy every edition on this style!", "Great for your average player", "I absolutely love these shoes! I've gotten so many compliments on them. They're comfortable and they don't slip on the gym floor when I'm working out.", "I loved the shoes I just wish I got the bigger size.you need more choices to choose from. Thank you", "I love them! They are pretty much perfect! Really comfortable. Good work out shoes. Feels like I'm walking on air.", "This is an excellent shoe. It had a wide toe box and an adjustable forefoot area so it fits really well and is very comfortable. There was no break in period and it's fast, light and has just enough cushion to make it comfortable but not too bouncy.My one issue is that it seems to really tear up clay and har-tru surfaces. It does not say anywhere that it's hard court shoe but I am wondering if it is.", "I got these in the blue and purple- adorable, easy to match with my scrubs. However, that was not the reason I bought them. I bought them because I love Nike shoes, and needed a replacement for my gym work outs. These are most certainly not running shoes, but looked pretty decent for some beginning cross fit and my normal routine. They fit, but aren't the most comfortable when you're moving about. At work, they're fine. In the gym or even when I'm doing my stability ball and ab roller in my room, they just end up hurting my heel and arches.", "Great shoe!!! Somewhat large!!! I like that it came whit another pair of laces. Fits right when I use it whit socks", "I have never purchased shoes online before but even without being able to try them on, the Nike for true to size, comfortable for jogging and cross training, and look great!", "Very comfy. Def will order more. I love these shoes. Nike sizes are always consistent. Very pleased with this purchase and how quickly it arrived.", "Ordered these for my granddaughter, she Loves them. Said they are very comfortable. Likes the bright pink trim. she wanted them to go with an outfit, & they matched nicely. & so far, they are still looking and wearing great.", "Love them!! They run small so I had to get a larger size and return the 8 but the 8.5 are fabulous I totally love them!! Great arch support too!", "This is the most comfortable tennis shoe I had in years.  I am on my feet at work all day, at the end of the day my feet do not hurt.", "Fit great.  Nice and snug on the low ankle.  I just wish they would make me run faster.  Great buy!", "LOVE THEM!!! these shoes are amazingly comfortable and running in them just feels like air :) I would buy another pair soon :)", "My hubby loves them! Awesome birthday present. Boys picked them out. Reccomend these for anybody. I love throw backs alot. Cool", "I have been looking for high-tops for quite a while.  I appreciate Nike making them again and as exactly as they were made in the 80s but with a little 21st century update.  The shoe fits great.  As a have a wide foot, I typically go up a 1/2 size with Nike and they fit perfectly.  If you are looking for that perfect 80s High-top, this is the perfect one.", "A dream of many years to come true and I'm love them to the fullest, Thanks for making it easy for a man's dream come true. What an awesome pair of unique basketball shoes.", "look awesome, fit good. I would get them again. Cool colors and nice look. I love airmax's and will continue to buy them. Even Though they cost as much as a car payment", "The service is excellent. The product came home on time and it was exactly as it appeared described in the post!I really recommend Amazon. They actually fulfilled my expectations.Thanks. M&oacute;nica.", "Great shoes. Look great, fit great, feel great", "These shoes are perfect and comfortable. They are eye catching and I get many compliments on the shoes. I would buy another pair.", "This shoe is light but very sturdy. I recently rolled my ankle so I needed a shoe with increased outboard heal support. I feel confident running in these shoes.", "My son loved these things when he first got them but as with all kids they don't look so good now.", "I'm in love with the airmax 90, I bought it for my husband and it fitted perfect. Just one little dirty spot it had on the sneaker but other wise I am satisfied wit my purchase", "Fit and comfortable when walking or running. But I put its sole in the dryer&#8230; and it became a scroll&#8230;", "I absolutely love these shoes!! Their comfortable, and I love the look. They fit true to size. Everytime I wear them I receive compliments.", "My product was my Nike Hypervenom Phade FG cleats. I love soccer so I get new cleats a lot. These are my favorite cleats so far. They are comfortable and easy to tie. The structure and color of the cleat are also very good.-Hypervenom-Pink-Navy Blue-Ladies Athletic Shoes-NikeThe only thing I didn't like about them is the size runs big. I got the right size but they were still a little big. If you end up buying this product get them a little smaller than usual. Other that that they are amazing cleats.You might need them when you are playing in a soccer game, practicing, or just playing around. When playing in them they feel great. These cleats are good for kids, teenagers, or adults. They fit good for anyone who needs them.I have had friends/family who have had Nike Hypervenom cleats before. They loved them and said they lasted them for quite a while. My old cleats were also good while they lasted. I had them for about seven months until they got a huge hole in it and got worn out. With Nike Hypervenom you will not have that problem!", "No comment.  I really love this scandal very comfortable and light to wear. Once again I just to thank you.", "These are my favorite shirts EVER!! I love the thumbholes and they keep me warm and/or dry. This is the first one I've had with the mesh design but its really nice. Definitely will buy more soon!!", "Loved this bra!  Great color and fit.  Being reversible allows me several different options when pairing with pants and shorts.", "... No problem! The bra fits great (size up though) and it still looks new after a few washes. Great purchase!", "Bought for my daughter and it is now her favorite bra. And she loves that it's reversible and that it's two colors.", "Great shoe. Nothing but compliments.  Eye catcher.Was actually looking for another shoe when I came across this one. Glad I went with this one.", "Authentic and delivered on time, really nice shoes", "Love them. I wear these in the hospital all day when I am on call or when I'm in the OR and my feet feel great at the end of the day.", "This item was not as described.  It might well be a child's large, but it is NOT a youth large.", "I love these shoes! First off they are very stylish and classic looking, which is what I wanted. I think this classic vintage look looks so nice. The shoes are very comfortable, and I can wear them around all day without having my feet hurt. I have size 11 feet, but when I got mine they felt a tad small for size 11's. I would recommend ordering half a size bigger than what you normally wear. I would definitely buy another pair of these again.", "i love this shoes everything about this shoes is awesome, the color the design and comfortable. Superxtra happy about my shoes.", "If you wear a size 11 shoe . Then you should order a size 12 shoe. It runs a size too small. The fit and comfort is good.", "These are true to size & of great quality. Looking forward to buying more pairs in different colors for him! Son says they are very comfy!", "Great fit super confortable, i will not wear another sandal ever again. Suggest for All them lazy/ hard working joe", "I had been looking for them for awhile and glad yall had them and still in my size Thanks Again", "They are perfect and fit . I'll order shoes here next time I'm looking for a new pair for sure..", "Bought these for my fiance for his birthday and its the only shoes he wants ti wear! They are very nice, and comfy!! Shipped fast and well packaged!", "I love Nike Air Max, they are the best sneakers they have besides Jordon's. I have every style and color I could find, and I am glad I found one with these colors. Great sneaker! worth the money", "It appeared as was expected: cool and comfortable. I started wearing them as soon as I got it home and feel really pleased.", "This shoe was recomended by a doctor because i have done hair for 43 yrs. and my feet are always aching. The shoe has a good arch support an helps my feet.Order from amazon they have everything i need.", "I love them. They fit perfectly and I always get compliments on them. I highly recommend them to other people.", "I love these shoes.  They're so comfortable and fit true to size.  Can wear them with jeams or sweats and still look cute.  I don't use them for working out but as an every day shoe they're great.", "I'm happy with the product  quality and performance. :) Shoes fit great, are very comfortable and have received complements from people.", "Love the color!Love the fit!Girlie girlie green & neon...Nike has the perfect hoodie to match :)Absolutely adorable with gray, black, green, yellow and whiteThey are fashionable!", "Great sneakers! Arrived in just 3 days and size was perfect. Very comfortable and love the colors. Must have for sure!", "Great shoes!!", "Very nice pair of Nikes. They arrived just as expected. The size was true to fit and the color matched the description exactly. I had a concern that the green color may have been more like a yellow color which I had noticed on similiar Nikes, however, I am pleased that they were the exact color which was pictured in the description. Thank you for offering a great product which was well described. Made making my purchase decision much easier.", "Got these for my husband, who is pretty picky when it comes to sneaks!! He loved it.  This pair is super cool!! The color is great and has a great arch support.  He wore it the entire weekend.  The service and the follow up was amazing.  Thank you for a fast ship!!", "i found these particular sneakers better looking in person than i had hoped.  i absolutely love them.  very comfortable and the color combination gets compliments everywhere i go.", "Had bought this model for my son before. It did not disappoint. Nice looking and very comfortable. Nice color. We had gotten the gray ones before. The good looks of the sneakers hold for a long time even with heavy wearing.", "Great product - as advertised. I've enjoyed them for over a month now. I recommend them to anyone who is looking.", "I love this shoe.  Great color and quality.  No imitation here.  I would definitely order these shoes again, they are great!", "Let me state for the record that I don't actually use these shoes to skate in. Maybe I'll cruise around the block or down to the store but that's the extent of my skating. I got these because the Koston 1s were so comfortable, I had to get a second pair in a darker color. And I figured since I was going to get another pair of Kostons, I might as well get the 2s. I mean the 1s are so awesome, the 2s would be just as awesome if not more right? Ehh..........  The first thing I noticed is that it's not as easy to get my foot in the shoe. That is because the eyelets are much closer together and go barely halfway down the top of your foot. It *almost* feels like a slip-on trying to get them on. The good part of that is the shoe feels more snug. EXCEPT the heel part of the shoe is not similarly snug. I don't know if it's my foot or the design but the heel doesn't feel as secure. And because of that, the shoe feels unbalanced.  On second thought, I'm going to say it's the design. Take a gander at the heel. What is that thing on the heel above the sole?? I have a slight, but not total regret, buying this shoe. I wish I would've tried them on in a store but they are still comfortable and still have the Lunarlon sole which is super great. For me though, the Koston 1s feel mo betta.", "Light weight and cute. I'm a nurse and I run around in these all day without my usual arch supports. My feet feel great at the end of the day.", "This is my favorite look of the FREE series, however, they fit a little snug, and may not be the best choice for flat feet...", "Best shoes on this planet. I love how comfortable they are. I could fill my closet with these shoes in every color and be a happy girl.", "After 8 weeks of playing one night a week of softball, the inside, front heel cleat is torn off the right foot and is tearing off of the left foot.  I had some keystones from back in 2008 that are still going strong, and I just bought these to have something newer and better.  Hopefully Nike will work with me on an exchange, but I won't r", "I ordered these for my son. When we received these we both were impressed how they looked.  Better than even the picture on Amazon. They are very lightweight.", "I ordered these for my son.  They not only came fast but were just what he wanted.  All in all a great shoe.", "Nice quality. It is worth it for the price of the item, definitely would recommend these to a friend. Shipping was fast too", "I got these for my husband and he loves them.  They don't get dirty easily (it has been 6 months and they still look brand new even though he wears them often).  I hear from him all the time how he received another compliment on them.  GREAT BUY!!", "Shoes are much tighter than expected,  but not too tight. Very comfortable and very stylish. Recommended to any type of runner.", "They are Shox, I've always had great luck with Shox and these follow suit. They are very compfortable and breath well.", "I have issues with buying gym shoes. Because I have a wide foot but heal is narrow. The nike shows are great because they are wide up front but still locks the heal in place. The size is true to what I wear and the quality is great. Liked these shoes so much I ordered them in both colors.", "I have never ordered shoes online because I like to try them on first.. But I took a chance. And I normally wear Nike. So the Nike sizes are the same  so was not tooo worried.  And they fit great !", "Comfortable, durable, great support are how I would describe these shoes. They fit well and support my feet very well.", "I like the comfortable fit. These shoes are great for a moderate to long run. They are becoming hard to find.", "Comfortable, fits perfectly, good quality has expected, perfect for running with a lot of gripRecommend for sports or daily use", "i go through a lot of tennis shoes.  i work on my feet bartending and have for years  these are some of the best shoes i have tried in a long time  i wear my shoes out every three to four months.", "Very tight fit. Didn't have an adjustable tongue. The look of the shoe was nice. Like the mesh and colors", "Honestly - I'm very particular about my sneakers.  I do a lot of aerobics - and tend to really notice elements of shoes that others often don't.  I noticed the price tag associated with these shoes - and it almost scared me away (to be honest with you).  Glad I wasn't!  From the moment I put these shoes on - I knew they were the right ones.  Nike's tend to run a little 'small' on me - so I purchased a 10 - when in fact I normally (for a dress shoe) wear a 9.5.  Wow - great fit.  Incredible look feel.  I only worked out in them twice (thus far) but the knee pain that I had felt with my previous sneakers does not exist with these - so believe me when I say - they're worth EVERY PENNY.  Thanks Nike and Amazon!", "my  grandson wear this shoes every day - also in this snowing wheather and he has no problem with wet feet. But is he have cold feet i can not say. But I will him ask and give this information to you as soon I have itOverall:P My grandson is happy and loved them a lot", "my husband loved themhe loves tge color. the feel and the look. he wants me to buy him another pare for christmas. and what he dont know is i got it for a steel .", "Lovley hoodie, worth the money!Great material also on the hoodie, i also orderd the gray one and recvied it as described also", "I'm happy with this hoodie!  It's comfortable, soft, sturdy.  Got the large originally and had to return it for an XL.  I'm not overweight and normally wear a large.", "Love them. Fits perfect (german size is 44) and they are pretty good looking. Very fast delivery from US to Germany. I can absolutely recommend them", "These shoes are GREAT!!!  They feel very good on my feet!  They fit great and I think they look pretty good!  I am very satisfied with this purchase and would highly recommend these shoes.  The price was a decent (I saw them a little cheaper on eBay, but that's eBay).  The provider shipped very quickly and I thought the overall transaction was great!", "I was looking for a fashionable sneaker and took a chance on the Lebrons.  They are great looking and very comfortable.  Definitely pleased with this transaction.", "Ordered these shoes before a trip and they arrived right on time. They are comfortable and very stylist, plus they can be worn with jeans, casual pants and of course shorts. It was a great purchase and a true to size fit.", "Great", "Best shoes for me but four pairs different colors great ankle and sole support love it walked all over disneyland just awesome  Iam a fan!", "Hi, I had order this Nike NSW SKYstepper Men's Sneakers Pure Platinum/Atomic Red-White, for my Nephew, it arrived before the time stated, Not sure of the Location to The Bahamas, packaging was great, size was as requested & tracking was available. He Love's it, Thx. Amazon & Rollbackdeal, for making this transaction a smooth one.", "These shoes fit great and are very comfortable I am happy I purchased them and will continue to search for my next pair.", "It is a gift to my grandson. He is thrilled with the fit and performance. If for myself, definitely a different color.", "i love this shoe, it feels great on my feet, id like to get an extra pair any time soon", "This shoe was a bit pricy, but compared to lebron james shoe- it is reasonable. It is even better looking in person. Fit true to size.", "Nice shoes. Was a gift for my godson. He likes very much this shoes for play basketball with his team and friends.", "The shoes were really nice and so comfortable. They were really light too. The reason I did not give it a 5 was because the tongue of the shoe where you tie your shoes was connected and not disconnected like regular shoes. It was like a child's shoes, thus it didn't have any flexibility near the tongue where I tried to pick it up to try and fit my foot in the shoe. I ordered a 6 and it fit like a size 5 so I decided to return them. If your thinking or getting these I highly suggest to get one size bigger. The seller was nice enough to refund my purchase. I wish they did fit me because they are super cute! They're fairly expensive but for the quality and looks of the shoes, the price is good. Only thing I did not like was the tongue or whatever of the shoe.", "My girl loved them and I must admit if I had a vagina I would wear these too..the free run+2 are my favorite free runs and the pink on black is nice, real nice!", "My father in law bought some of these shoes 10 years ago and now just replaced them!! He loved them!!", "these are hard core tuff. They still give me the Nike Experience. just Awesome. I purchase alot of stuff online. And this pair of Nike boots ROCK.", "I love this purchase. Looking to pickup another pair I saw that was not available in my size when it does before available.", "I purchased these boots for my grandson, He loves them, he said the are very comfortable, warm and are doing great  for our wintery snow storms, they arrived within three days and I am very satisified with this purchase.", "I got these boots before the estimated dilivery date. I love the fit and style. I would recommend them to anyone. The best way to go is online. If you wear a 10 1/2 get an 11.", "...  (which is most likely what you're actually doing). Fits so well you don't know you have a shoe on, except for the (and forgive the old-fashioned term here) puts an incredible &#34;spring in your step&#34;.", "They look great! I'm happy with it and I got them fast.The price was right!! I was looking all over for this shoes :)", "I had earlier models of this shoes and enjoyed them.  I feel these are over priced considering this model is older, but they fit well and I enjoy playing basketball in them.  So, I'm happy.", "Lightweight and great overall fit - the Zoom Vapor 9 tour is comfortable and snug fitting tennis shoes especially on hardcourts.These colors are just an added bonus.  Had rave reviews and folks asking me about them all the time.... personally have generated more business for Nike :)  I got mine in the Men's version in my size (which usually runs 1.5 times smaller) than the women's size that you wear!noticed Nike finally made the Zoom Vapor 9 for women this year with kits for Azarenka and sharapova in orange!I liked Roger Federer's version the best!", "Good fit for the shoes...wear for couple of weeks and feel comfortable and play a couople of games and it is light weight and bouncy feeling..", "Great fit and comfort. Our son was very pleased with the feel and style. The colors were perfect and sizing was Perfect.", "Excellent fit for my sonny.", "AMAZING SHOES AND VERY BEAUTIFUL... THIS IS A GREAT SHOE FOR RUNNING AND HAS A VERY GOOD QUALITY.. THANK YOU", "Yes, i do! I love when i run whit this sneakers. They fit perfectly, the price is good and look great!", "My son was totally surprised to receive the shoes he had been looking for and could not find.  They fit perfectly and wore them to his basketball game.", "I love these very lite fit and comfortable great for my collection I would buy again I love these great find", "Perfect", "The shoe is very accurate and excellent thank you very much to handle upscale I wish you success thanks again", "It fits well , look cool and it feels realy comfortable while walking for long distance or at the gym.", "make sure you buy a whole size up if you have wide feet or high arches like me.  other than that, they feel great and are quite comfortable.", "Looks beautiful though, just cannot be worn", "Been looking for a running shoes that really helps with my knees problem, and tried everything. This one really changed my running and painful experience into a really satisfying one. Great one!!!", "Would be great shoes... But too small", "Great shoe that I will wear every time I run.  Would recommend this shoe to all of my many friends.", "Nice shoe. I should've went and recommend people go up .5 from their normal size. Other than that it's very nice.", "I had the flyknit lunars which are fantastic and went with these flyknit frees as well. The flyknit free have a more flexible sole but not quite the cushion of the lunars. The frees have a great compression upper that you can wear sockless but the compression fit can constrict over time.I usually wear a 12 in running shoes. My lunars are perfect in that size. The frees are a different beast. As I said the upper is a compression one and hugs your foot tightly. You don't actually need the laces on these it works so well. Issue is that over time it begins to hurt the top of your feet and a bit around the ankle. In my 12's I have given up wearing them with socks as they are just to tight. Barefoot is fine and in line with what they were designed for. I have a second pair in 13's now which is a first for me. They fit much better although they still feel a bit tight after a few hours. My wife has a pair of the frees as well in the womens model. She is a 9 and I got her a 9.5. She loves them but can't wear them all day due to the compression hurting the top of her foot. I probably could have gone to a 10 for her.Style, color, feel are awesome. One of the few shoes I can wear barefoot, although I generally perfer socks which is why I up sized. Just maybe think about going a bit bigger than normal if you want to wear socks with them or looking to wear them for extended or all day periods of time.", "It was amazing to deal with u the items was perfect and no damages on them but I hope to deliver it early next time and check if there is any damages", "Fits little too snug around my feet but I'm sure I'll get used to it. Very light and flexible.", "Perfect I fell in love with these shows after I ran 3 miles in them I will buy another pair, they are very light weight and slide on like a new pair of socks. I'm very pleased with Nike flyknits!", "I always wear a perfect size 9M....but these were a bit tight at the toe box.....re-ordered a 1/2 size up and they fit like a glove.", "Perfect,  as i have come to expect from Amazon.", "They're so cute and comfortable!", "Comfortable, very light weight. Fits really tight at first but after wearing them for a min or two you will completely forget you are wearing any shoes at all. The laces seem pretty useless and are mostly there for looks. I took the laces out and find the shoe to be much more comfortable and easy to wear", "Bought the Flyknits for my son & he couldn't be happier with them; super light & look great. Will definately buy in other colors.", "Nice shoes. They are so comfortable. And they Look so food in your feet. It's incredible to see how they are made!!!.", "These are by far the most comfortable shoes that I have ever worn! Excellent for working out or running errands for a quick grocery run!", "Really good shoe I would recommend to friends. Very lightweight and comfortable I also like all the colors it comes in", "It is good and comfortable.wearing it for several hours will exert pressure on the ankle.", "A really great shoes, comfortable, really light, it's a great for walking and running, in a good look, recommended for all", "The shoes pinch my ankle a little after I have wore them a while. I might just have tinder ankles but other then that I love the shoes. Super light and comfortable. I hope the elastic around the ankle loosens a bit after a while.", "They are so comfortable. I have a problem that my toe goes through my shoe and these don't they will last forever.", "These shoes are heaven to your feet! Super light and feels just perfect!Everything is great about these shoes!thank you!", "Quick note: the shoes come out of the box a little curved at the toe, like an impotent shoe ready to be broken in, and they kind of remain that way after several runs.  The image above makes the shoe look odd.  This has no effect on my review, or their performance, however.On to the shoe.  I've always like nike free, but went through a falling out with running for a while.  after picking it back up by transition into Barefoot running, Vibrams, then NB Minimus, I bought frees.  Loved 'em, but didn't like how the shoe was shaped like either foot (curving left or right at the toe box).  I got an email from Nike showing the release of the Flyknits, and absolutely had to have them.They took a week or so to get used to: wearing w/o sox is the preferred style, and this allows the elastic opening to chafe the front of my leg, right above the top of the foot.  It went away, and running was never the same.- Shoes are super light and responsive.  I don't HATE thicker more cushioned shoes, but I don't wear them.  I like a more natural feel, and these deliver.  The 7-4mm drop is just the amount of cushioning I could want, and the outsoles are soft and super flexy.- the flyknit material keeps the shoe tight and on your foot, even w/o sox.  No friction, no moving, great ventilation.  Somewhat constrictive, but it feels great.  also keeps a nice, curved shoe that doesn't force your foot in a flat or straight position, and doesn't fight against pronation.- can run with or w/o laces.  I keep em just to maintain that shoe look, rather than skittles colored house slippers, but I haven't adjusted them in months.- if you like minimal, or rather, running on the front of your foot, these may not be the best for you.  they help maintain a good forward/midfoot strike, which I like (and if i wanna switch it up i thrown on my NB minimus road).  the soles are rather wide and long, so there's much more contact, but they're sectioned, allowing more surface area, thus more responsiveness around the whole foot.- not ideal for racing, as the bottoms are a little slick, at least for a track or hardwood surface (my school's gym), but they're great for asphalt and gravel (no annoying rocks stabbing the bottom of your feet).- colors: awesome.  something about the &#34;heat map pattern&#34; that supposed to articulate your foot's pressure/contact points, but I'm not sure about that.  either way, they look super!- price: way too much. I was a bit impulsive by getting these; I was walking by the nike lab in la outside the x-games and had to have em.  but they've proven to be a great investment.  I would do it again.  shoes are hearty, soles are tuff, colors are way out there, lightweight, fast, responsive.  just way groovy shoes.  even good in the rain, despite the lack of traction material.I'm not one to go nuts about reducing shoes and running down to the science, cause it gets us nowhere.  I just happen to find a great pair of shoes at a not-so-great price.  i don't buy into the scientific jargon and rules for running regarding pronation and forefoot/midfoot/barefoot/upsidedown foot blah blah.  I'm 30, and have been running religiously since I joined the Army Infantry in '02, which put my feet through hell, and I've never had a running problem, except when I stopped for a year and picked up smoking.  If you're looking for a new way to run, try these out.  get away from what the fleet feet- ers and the action runners and whomever tell you.  the greatest runners run the way they feel best, not how others tell them to.", "Got the shoe and I love it. Wear them for only a couple hours at a time because if you wear them all day they will get too tight around the ankles and will become very uncomfortable. Great performance on the track, they are light but strong enough to support the bottom of the foot. They do help out with shinsplints and are very comfortable for pounding out those miles! Would recommend.", "The size was very good! But the rubber that was on the shoe's ankle was a bit tight. Thank you!", "Came quick, shoes are great. Nothing to complain", "Great shoe but ran smal for size.", "These Nike shoes are great For Running and going to the gym with . They came brand new in the box and were worth buying .", "Pretty awesome. A pain to put on, but totally worth it. invest in a shoehorn and some high socks as these will wear down your Achilles if you wear low socks", "Nothing against the company. the shoes where as described and arrived on time. These are a very rare pair of forces and they turn heads when i wear them. I call them the &#34;LuBoutin Editions&#34;, lol", "Most the air force ones we get seem to be about all the same size. These ran slightly bigger than the others, but not much and isn't an issue. My son said that tightening the laces makes em fit good still. The color is true to the pic they have listed. :-) He likes the confort of all the air forces he's gotten.", "They look nice on feet but they crease up way to easy . It's probably the material. But overall it's a nice shoe....", "My son perfectly liked it. Fits well for him and the price I pAid for it is fair enough. A++++++", "No problems with the shoes.  Breaking them in is easy.  Need to do a cost comparison between ordering online and buying at the Nike Factory Store.", "my son love this sneakers and it fits him very very comfortable  I have no regrets  I will recommend it", "It runs a size more bigger. Im 8.5 but if i ordered a 8 it will fit me well. I love the colors", "I have received so many compliments on this sneaker.  One of the reasons I like shopping on Amazon is because a lot of the items are unique that you can't find in stores.  The color is an exact match (I was a little concerned) but definitely true to color.  Sizing is perect....love Nike 3.0.I actually use these as cross trainers rather than running....but not to say I won't run in them.  The camo fabirc is a hit in the gym....love, love love this shoe.", "excellent shoes. thank you christine", "I really really want this shoe in a 10 or 10 1/2...what size is this? I need to know asap.", "I would highly recommend this product to those looking for comfort....support...great style combined with fabulous color choices.I love this shoe!!!", "I love these shoes! They feel so light and comfortable. Color is a little bright, but the fit and feel are great. Highly recommend.", "If you are a runner and like to run long distance this is probably the best shoe Nike offers for runners! I run all the time on the treadmill and outdoors. I have done quite a bit of research because the nike 2.0 is popular among my friends, however they do more weight lifting. The Nike Free 5.0 is definitely more light weight and flexible than the 2.0. It also offers a lot more arch support for those of us who have really high arches! Another great thing is that the toe area is wider than most running shoes. (They may look like \"duck feet\" from the wearers point of view, but trust me it's for a good reason!)When someone is running, the moment their foot connects with the ground on each step, all of the tiny bones in the foot need to be able to spread out, because the toe on this shoe is so wide it allows for that to happen. If the foot is constricted in a narrow shoe, the bones are going to grind together because they are not allowed the room they need, this can cause a lot of foot pain and more severe problems down the line.  The Nike 2.0 is not as wide as the 5.0 and any training shoe isn't going to have this feature. If you are looking for great running shoe, or just a comfortable shoe that you can wear all day, this is definitely a great buy and well worth the money!I now have 2 pairs of these shoes and wear them for working 8 hour shifts where I am walking/standing all day, and to the gym to run a couple of miles! Also this shoe fits true to size. If you're not sure of what size you should get, I would suggest getting half a size up! I wear 5.5 in sandals, and 6 in flats or heels, but in running shoes I always get a 6.5! That way they are never too snug and I can wear them with thin or thick socks!", "This was purchase for my son; he loves it. He says that it fits him perfect. I will purchase another one for him sometime in the future.", "they look better in person, my grandson love them.", "Delivery was in time.I have to say it's comfortable and it made  my friend feet could look smaller than with the size 14", "The bag has a divider inside, to separate items.  The pocket on the outside Is convenient for items needed in a hurry.  Impressed with the drawstring itself, very sturdy!", "Great sandals. Super comfortable..only regret is not ordering more! The color is true to the picture and the fit is great.", "I bought these in a size9 in lue of a woman's size 10. Needless to say it was a perfect fit. Looks great no complaints", "My son loves these sneakers. The Air Max 95's are my favorite because they're the few Air Max that are not only comfortable but true to your size.", "Wear them every day in this wintery Michigan winter. The Nike Mens Air Max Winter Boots are light and warm with good tread and traction.A down side for some one is the amount of snow tracked in in the treads, but that is not my problem.(-_o)", "20 years as a c.o by far the best boot that I have ever had.Hope to get many miles out of them", "Shoes fits nicely and are very comfortable. They are very good in cold weather.  Feels like you're walking on air.", "super fast shipping but HAD to sign for and waited all day for driver, so the lost time at work cost me lots more", "I bought these boots for my son for Christmas.  I gave them to him already and he immediately put them on and wore them that day.  He loved them.  They fit perfectly.  I researched prices before I bought from Amazon and every other site was about $20 higher so I feel that they were a great deal.", "Nice boot good for standing on your feet long hours, this boot is great for me because I drive a delivery truck for long hours.", "I work as a mechanic working 6 days a week the keep my feet dry and very comfortable the design is very rugged there oil resistant and slip I love them", "My second pair in 3yrs...on my job, motorcycle or basketball court , excellent all around sneaker boot w/ great support,  comfort & style", "Great fitting and great looking boots.  Very comfortable right out of the box and they didn't need to be broken in.", "The shirt color is match for Black/Black! And then the size is fit! The quality is a best for a first choice!", "Was wearing Thorogood with gelpacks in heels. Great 11 inch boots, and waterproof to a certain point in the life of the boot. Then total breakdown of the uppers. My workplace has alot of water and other liquids on the floor. (non toxic) So when i found the Nikes...I just had to try them out. Very good support. A bit more firm...but my feet are not tired at the end of my shift. So far satisfied with the waterproof claim, and the softness of the uppers.A bit narrow, but I place them on a boot heater before I wear them. I like them! I recommend highly.Jimmy", "I love these shoes I swear by them. They are extremely comfortable would recommend them to anyone that loves boots", "Originally, I thought these were fitting to small but after one wear that fit perfect.  I've bought 2 pairs one for me and one as a gift.", "Comfortable and durable!Ive been ordering these for years, I will keep ordering for as long as im working! Need more colors!", "Have been wearing these for 6 months now and love them. They are light and extremely comfortable. Only complaint is that they can be squeaky when walking with how the tongue moves but other than that they are a great boot!", "Just great and deluver service is great.  Love you guys.  The price was good and wherever I desire I can find it on Amazon.  I just wish I had more money.", "Great as a work shoe/sneaker, and very comfortable. I will get them again when needed. Just wish they were a little cheaper lol...", "The most comfortable shoe I have ever worn,and I wear these 5days/8hrs/all year at work.I am on my 2nd pair,1st pair lasted 2 and 1/2 years and I wore out the inside before the outside,a1st for me.I am a retired police officer and have worn Bates,Timberland,Thorogood,Knapp,Danner,Wolverine and Rockies and these boots are by far the best.Pricey,but any of the aforementioned boots are as well.Nike hit it out of the park with the ACG.Highly recommended!!!", "These do take a few days of wearing them to feel perfect but once they are wore down a little they are the most comfy work shoe I have ever own!", "I love these shoes so much. I had an all white pair last yr and i decided to get these. They are very comfortable, and i love to wear them with skinny jeans.", "Fast shippingGood qualityOver all it's recomanded !But I wish they would offer more colors for the size 7.5But I still bought it coz its a comfy blaizor", "Excellent shoe!  Bright, fun and super comfortable!  The color is amazing and the shoe is easy to wear and light.", "I have bought a few pairs of these nike's in different colours and patterns, they are so comfortable and look great", "The pair I received looks exactly like those in the photos. It is a truly high top shoe, which is what I wanted for ankle support. I'd say the forefoot area of the shoe is rather roomy but I should be able to tighten that with the laces. I got these for playing volleyball on an indoor, wood basketball court. Their bottoms had a great, sticky grip to them that improved my mobility and speed.The only drawback to these that I've noticed so far is that their insoles could provide better cushioning. If they did, I would have given them a five star rating.", "the nike dunks are not only affordable but a great buy for the price. they are easy to clean and are a clean fresh look even with the neon yellow soles. they came as expected and were in their own nike sneaker box. they come with neon yellow laces but you can always change that if you want. compared to some of the other dunks ive found online these were a great steal for th price and they came quickly.", "I brought these for my teenage son. He said that they fit true to size and are very comfortable. Will buy these again.", "my Girl has wide feet and has to go to men's shoes to get a good fit.  She really likes these.", "Great sneakers comforatble fit for the price", "Great looking red and black shoes will go back to buy more and I highly recommend purchasing if you are in to shoes.", "I purchased these for non-running CrossFit activities and they are great.  They look good, feel good on your feet, and are very well made.  I highly recommend this shoe!", "My husband has always loved the Nike running shoe, but wasn't to sure about ordering online. But they fit great.", "one of my favorite shoes , colorway is very nice ! fits a little small so i would get a size bigger.", "MY NEPHEW IS OVER THE MOON WITH HIS NEW SHOES!!!!!!  He couldn't stop thanking me for the wonderful surprise, he lives in the Pacific Islands and rarely anyone gets shoes like these.  It matches his high school colors,,,it was a perfect fit as well.  THANKS AGAIN!!DEFINITELY WILL PURCHASE AGAIN...", "I consider myself a Nike whore! I LOVE their sneakers but this one and the black and white cross trainer didn't meet my hopes and expectations. They claim they are for high impact but there just wasn't enough support throughout the entire shoe, specifically for me in the ball of the foot. Sneakers were super cute and would be great for you if all you want is fashion and support.", "i love the color and they fit perfect.", "I usually wear a 9 but get 9 1/2 in some running shoes, especially New Balance. I got a 9 1/2 in these Nikes, and they seem to fit well with plenty of room in the toe box. I agree with the other reviewer that these shoes are super cute--very nice color combination. I haven't worn them for running yet, but in walking around the house I can tell that these have a lot of arch support--almost too much for my feet! I think they would be good for someone with high arches. I haven't noticed any problems yet with cushioning in the ball of the foot. I'm keeping them even if I don't use them for running because they are cool.", "These shoes were purchased for a friend's sister.  She loved them!  They arrived quickly and the price was perfect.  They would buy them again.", "This shirt fits well and looks great. It can be worn for running and is perfect to wear at the beach since it is so light", "I bought these for  my grandson he loved them, Me not so much, I don't think they are worth the money the Nike symbol is almost gone off of them, the front part is coming apart and he has only had them a few months.........", "I love these. Perfect fit. And unlike my other Nike shorts, these have pockets, which is a nice addition.", "I love these shoes. This is the 2nd pair that I have ordered. Extremely comfortable and they look great too.", "looks great on my feet", "i know my cousins will love them when i give it to them . nikes are the best shoes so comfortable and roomy", "Look and feel great. Very light and seem to be well made. I would definitely recommend these shoes for every day use", "Good condition really protects my glasses also very useful when I need to carry a spare pair of glasses I really helps", "I lot the item I purchased, it fits me perfect. I will be definitely purchasing another color in the same style.", "These for my fiance for Xmas great price great shipping I gotta say I love air force ones very reliable durable shoes I'm happy with purchase nd so is my babe", "I always wear an 8.5 or 9 and go with a 9 in running shoes-- these were no different. Comfortable and very light.", "Great Product, fast shipping. Son wanted these and we could not find his size anywhere else. Made His day when he got the shoes he wanted.", "Awesome shoes!True to fit and one of a kind.I would recommend to anyone who loves jordans. Another  must have!", "great shoe and great shipping", "These were a gift for my son.  He wasn't able to find these in the stores to replace the ones he owns.  He likes the fit and says they are extremely comfortable.  They shipped extremely fast and he was very happy with the purchase.", "Delivery was prompt.The shoe is beautiful. Light and comfortable, but not equal to the lunars in terms of technology. Of course, these are 1989 model shoes so it's as expected. Overall, i'd still recommend them for the airmax fans", "Really love the color and design. The shoes themselves have the outstanding look. They also feel really comfy and fit", "Very comfortable and fashionable. great for the gym or simply just to make a fashion statement. I truly love the roshes", "One of the most comfortable shoes I've ever owned, considering buying another pair to have on reserve.", "Received the shoes promptly. They fit perfectly!", "Does not offer the support I am used to with Air Pegasus shoes.  Price was good but support and shock absorption properties of shoe were not up to normal standards.", "Good road shoe, comfortable, light weight.", "I have worn Nike for years. They fit me perfectly compared to other brands. The '83 Pegasus is my new favorite as they are what a (classic and casual) running shoe should be. I hope Nike never stops producing this design.", "Not badBut, it's very large for me.So, I give this item to my son.", "Great quality, looks nice, light, comfortable, also I'm a grown man who can't tie a shoe so that's also a plus...just kidding but it does make it faster putting shoes I if you don't have to tie it every damn time.Arrived on expected delivery date too so overall this was a great buy!", "Bought these for my fiance he loves them very light weight and breezy so feet aren't hot as much. Totally would buy again just wished they had 6.5 available in gray and blue :( AWESOME BUY IN MY BOOKS.", "Exactly same as any Nike running shoe without the laces.  Really enjoying the comfort and ease of putting them on.  Great daily or workout shoe", "I love the color and the quality even has the new style i like this because it's very comfortable !", "I got to pick these out for myself for Christmas, so I know that they are awesome!  I have got to try them out already and I love them!", "I ordered these shoes for my son (Christmas).The shoes are awesome looking.  I have a pair of Nike Shox myself, and boy are they comfortable.The blue is nice looking.  Darker than Baby Blue, so your man will surely like these shoes.", "Got it on time. it was a tight at 1st but as i used it frequently it opened up and fits perfect . happy with my purchase.", "This was a Christmas present for my son and he loves it!  Fit, color and price were all acceptable.  I would purchase again.", "This hoody is a perfect fit for my grandson and he loves it. In fact, Nike makes some of the best products out there. I really believe in their tagline, &#34;Just do It!&#34;", "The shoe is comfortable and looks nice by it's nt the pair I meant to order so I ended up just giving them away", "Very light weight. easy to get on and comfortable", "The perfect shoe to get around town in and relax. Feels like a foot massage all day! Quick service and delivery - absolutely no hassles.", "There's a lot of confusion with Nike's Solarsoft line of shoes. People seem to mistake the \"Run\" shoe for the \"Moccasin\" and vise versa. Rest assured that these are two completely different shoes under the same good quality brand. I had some Nike Classics that I started using for work and I love them because my feet never hurt when I wear them unlike my actual \"shoes for crews\" working shoes. I know wearing Nike shoes for work is somewhat not a good idea because you want to try to preserve the look of those good quality shoes. The quality of the shoe is what made me come back to Nike for my next pair of working shoes. I recently started working at a veterinary clinic and mostly everyone wears running shoes so they can be comfortable when they work. They need a shoe that will provide them with comfort and flexibility. Wearing running shoes at all times is something most people don't recommend for different reasons but mostly because you wear them out so quick. I still look back at my Nike Classics that I've put through hell at work and they're still holding up well. That made me overlook the whole wear and tear stigma about running shoes. I went ahead and started looking for my next pair of Nike shoes. I went to a few shoe stores to check out what they had and I immediately loved the look of the Nike Solarsoft Run over the Moccasins. I also read that the Moccasins are a little narrow and I have wide feet so those weren't an option. So besides the stylish look that the Run shoe has the way they feel and wear is wonderful. They fit perfect on my feet (12 US) and have a built in insole. The insole is not made out of that fabric type material it has more of like this plastic/rubber feel to it. I think I prefer that style better than the old fashion type of shoe. I don't have to worry about the insole coming off or stinking up because it's well made. If you don't like the feel of the insole you can always add one or use Dr. Scholl insoles. The bottom grip pattern on the Run shoes look really cool and serve a purpose. The uniform squares form a perfect pattern for grip even in wet conditions. When the shoe gets wet the squares give you more grip therefore making the shoe slip resistant. Now I use these for work and I'm always around spills and accidents so I can say that I've tested these shoes thoroughly in wet conditions. As far as comfort these shoes feel great and really give your feet resistance. I haven't used them for running but I have sprinted with them from time to time and I do feel like the heal support is lacking a little. I'm so surprised that this line of shoe isn't very popular I guess it slipped through the cracks since Nike has so many shoes coming out. Their loss is your gain because you can find them at an affordable price at certain retail stores or online. I love wearing these with my scrubs especially since I got them in the royal blue color. They look beautiful and wear just as good as any other high quality Nike shoe.", "True to size, love the shoe!", "Zero complaints.  Fit, style, and comfort are in line with quality product.  Would recommend them to any and all athletes.", "Fit perfect, comfy, excellent for training, light weight and material is not cloth definitely would recommend.Good for casual outgoings.", "Super!!!!", "I love these! Fit great and look cute also. Very very comfortable. You can wear these to work out or just on a casual day.", "Great looking shoe for the price. It fits very well and is extremely comfortable shoe for running or walking. Great buy!", "Great experience with this purchase!I have only worn these a couple days and have not done much walking but so far they are very comfortable.  I am a little worried the top of the back will dig into my heels but it is too early to tell.", "Good choice, for a good Price/Quality relation. It's a confortable and light wheight shoe, for long walks in all kind of terrains.", "I purchased these for my 19 year old daughter because Amazon had this shoe in a 9.5.  My daughter was concerned because these are casual shoes that they would not have enough arch support.  After she tried them on they fit okay but they fit much better when she put in her gel insoles which gave her better arch support and a better fit.  She loves the look and the colors.", "Recently purchased this product. This slide definitely runs large. I normally wear a size 8. Had to exchange this for size 7. I am very happy with the size 7 ---- how it fits. They run a little wide, so be aware of that. I feel they are comfortable & like the colors!  I am a satisfied customer.", "They are not the same snugness of the other Benassi slide sandals that I love!!! Also the bottom is more spongy, so retains moisture and that leads to smell. Do not get these wet.  Overall they are cute, very comfortable as you expect from the Nike Benassi. Amazing arch, great for the feet and back. The band over the foot is a bit loose, if I had known I would have ordered a size smaller, maybe.", "I get blisters if I wear them too long (admittedly on walks where I should be wearing them) but these are perfect as a slip-on, and as a more supportive and attractive alternative to flip flops.", "I wear these inside to protect my feet and back. Sometimes with socks, sometimes not. So comfortable. Cannot live without these. They fit true to size and I love them!!!!!!! More colors needed! The bottom is waterproof and the faux leather top can tolerate water, but don't throw them in the deep end.", "Nice fit and comfortable. Worth the price. Would buy them again for sure. Thank you for a comfortable product. :)", "Very comfortable shoes. The shoes are great for working out or everyday use, but a little pricy.I would recommend this shoe.", "Really comfortable, it feels like I'm not even wreaking shoes, the feels are amazing, I would buy two more pairs of I could.", "I purchased the Hyperdunks for use in pick up basketball.  The shoe fits snug initially but after a couple of uses they fit very comfortably.  They are also very light and work well when it comes to make quick moves.  Also, they provide great ankle support.", "Light, good ankle support, stylish, matches my ball jersey. Fits true to size. Would recommend to any other sneaker head.", "MY GRAND DAUGHTER LOVES THIS SNEAKERS. THE FIT PERFECT, GREAT STYLE, NICE COLOR.. SHE TURNED 7 AND I WANTED HER TO HAVE SOMETHING DIFFERENT.", "This is a good shoe. It fits true to size 7, and is a super-comfy standard runner. It arrived promptly and well-packed, a pristine Nike shoebox within a shipping box. I have no critique for this item, but I will say the color is grey & salmon, not pink... And is really lovely:)", "lots of toe room and nothing squeezing on the sides of your feet... super light and great support... MAKE SURE YOU GET THE RIGHT size.... try them on in a store before you purchase on line.... make sure arch in the right place and toes not hitting front. Most people buy shoes too small for them....", "These shoes fit perfect! They are very nice color! The pink on it's more salmon and I like that a lot! The green inside is awesome!", "Good color. My 8 year old boy liked it a lot... but!!! these rolling backpack needs to be fortified at the bottom near rollers, inner edge particularly. Cause that is the part where wear is taking place mostly... this one, not so good. Worn out pretty quick after a couple of month... now, can't use it. the hole is too big... I wouldn't recommend it if you want your kids to use this for a whole year.", "fit perfect &#8230;&#8230; its always nice when u can find jordans dat can fit a newborn&#8230;..i would recommend dis product to anyone!", "Couldn't find many soft bottoms that I wanted I'm any stores. These were perfect for my little man, considering I have the same shoes. Like mother, like son! Perfect & authentic!!", "Theses shoes fit perfect and look great with Destiney  tutu", "Wonderful product and a perfect fit. I would definitely recommend these to anyone!", "Shoes are not bad,but not too good lightweight, cool colors. runs true to size. But This shoe isn't comfortable at all. It is hard and stiff.", "Very nice shoes.Comfortable as expected.", "My son loves them :)", "Great quality", "Perfect fit!", "Great color great design. Nike doesn't go wrong on their running shoes. Fits perfect.  Width is great for size 9.", "Took me about a week of all-day wear to break these in. Great colors, can wear them with just about anything. Decent arch support, and they wrap snugly around the sides of your feet (like most quality Nikes do). I really do prefer the Nike Flex soles, they are very comfortable for walking/standing for long amounts of time.These shoes have breathable vents on the front and sides, that let air travel over your toes when you are running or on a windy day. It was neat to actually feel them working as described. Because of this though, I wouldn't necessarily recommend them for winter wear.", "These are very lightweight and nice looking shoes.  They breathe well and are comfortable.", "I loved my Nike Flex 2013 Run...they fit like a glove and extremely comfortable. So I thought, maybe they actually improved on them for the 2014 model. WRONG!!!Whoever is responsible for this shoe at Nike should be FIRED!! My forefoot feels like it's in a vise (yes I adjusted the laces etc.) and NO the shoe will probably NOT &#34;break in&#34; sufficiently to be comfortable.If my old 2013 Flex was a &#34;10&#34; on fit and comfort, I would give this 2014 model a solid &#34;4&#34;. Simply amazing...I am returning these and hoping to find the 2013 model.First and last time I buy a shoe I haven't tried on over the internet...lesson learned!", "this is te perfect gift for you husband, mi husband love that sneakers, are really soft and confort for him", "These pair of shoes fits great! Feel great during and after my workouts, 2 weeks in, run 2 miles 4x's a week and I don't get what many people say about them not being right for them, I picked a 1/2 size larger than my regular shoe size and they've become my favorite running shoe thus far...", "Theses were for my son. We had seen them in a store-he tried them on and bought from you because of the price difference. He is happy with them.", "Very light, comfortable fit for narrow foot. Materials are a bit cheap, but okay for the price. Not enough support for longer runs.", "have been looking for navy sneakers for my hubby and loved the color, he loved them and fit great!", "great shoe", "The order came very quickly and was on time, however I ordered a size 10 shoe and it seems to be a bit large on me.", "Hubby loved them!  He wants to get more in differrent colors. I wish i could find the same ones for my 5 yr old boy!", "I bought  for my husband and he likes them very much. Good color and the shoes are very light. Thank lots for your wonderful product.", "wouldn't use on the trail but on flat paved surfaces - very comfortable, light and durable", "Good product, nice price.", "I replaced the 2013 Flex Runs with these and I'm happy with my decision. These have better support and broke in quickly.", "Great shoes", "The shoes are wonderful. The fit is perfect. It's too bad amazon requires a certain amount of words before my comments are acceptable. Now that I've fulfilled the requirement, I'll say again; the shoes were wonderful. The fit perfect.", "I use these for Nike XTC training. Good shoe. They hold up well in the rugged training class I take twice a week.", "I'm not an avid runner, but these shoes are perfect for the gym.  Very light and comfortable.  Although, many wear their shoes for style I chose this shoe for function.", "Bought this for a 10yr old boy and he loved it.  Good for basketball or just everyday wear.  Highly recommend--Great shoes!", "Look great, feel awesome so happy! They look so nice and running in them feels like running on marshmallows. So happy.", "I bought this shoe from a different store; however, I first saw it here on amazon. I absolutely love this shoe. The shoes are very light weight and they fit exactly how they should. I wear a 7 1/2 and it feels amazing. It has good traction and stability as well. I have a high arch and this comforts my feet so they aren't achy by the end of the day. I also love the bright colors.", "Fits to size.  My daughter was thrilled with this purchase!", "This shoe is very light and flexible and still gives full support.  Very comfortable", "I've always been a New Balance girl, but now I've converted.  This shoe is lightweight, and had an amazing amount of stability.  I used all different cardio machines, running, and cross-training.  From day one, it's been the best perfoming and comfortable shoe I've ever tried.  I work out almost daily, and I can't wait to put them on.  I'll never go back!", "These Nike Women Shoes are an excellent shoe. Very Comfortable. And I would recommend them to any walker/runner out there.", "I like the color and they are very comfortables ,I recommend it for people who like to run or walk", "I bought this shoes for someone else who experiencing some foot-pain, but these shoes are helping a lot!At the same time shes's very happy with the design and colors.Great product!", "I love these shoes. They are so comfortable and super light weight. Perfect for the summer weather. Love the bright colours too.", "i make a mistake with the size... i need other size,  but the shoes is good...", "It's soft and at the same time it holds my feet well... :) My favorite tennis shoes are Nikes, so not only the color is amazing but also the performance of it matches my workouts....", "Great fit, not really satisfied with the  sole. Otherwise they are great !", "Nice colors n very comfortable! Get compliments every time I wear them. :)", "I like the color.  There is a lot of support for the arch and there is an added small area with a shoe string along the inside.  This allows you to make the shoe narrower should you need to.  I normally wear an 8.5 N shoe and I have the 9's.  Nice fit, room to move in the toe, feels light.", "These fit very well and true to size. The color is very vibrant and the yellow is a neon color that pops out nicely. They are very comfortable and I feel well supported and they are very light, not bulky. I've been running in them for weeks and so far have had no problems!", "A few months ago, I tried on the flex in Blue & got those. I always love to have white sneakers so when I saw them in White I had to have them. They are the second Nike brand that I feel are the best & comfortable sneakers they make!!!", "These shoes were exactly as described and fit perfect!! I love the style and material. They are so comfortable and great for running. They look exactly like the picture.  Very happy with this purchase.", "Love these shoes,  just having them on made me want to run :)", "My wife is very happy with her new shoes. She likes the colors, fit, and wears them every day. She will remember where she bought these when she is ready for a new pair.", "Very comfortable shoes, great fit! The shoelaces are much more fluorescent than in the photo (they look baby pink but are actually really bright!), but not an issue.", "I had to play in a tournament the day after receiving the cleats, and they fit perfectly and looked just as described online. Great purchase!", "More expensive than others but it's an excellent product. My Child is Happy with it.", "I really like it !!", "After trying different cleats with different brands and unhappy with the fit (especially around my toes), I am now very happy with these cleats. I wear a size 10 and to me they are a true fit; a little snug at first but of course they loosen. I've worn them a couple times during practice, two games as well, and I'm never &#34;aware&#34; of anything like heat or rubbing or tightness or stud configuration. Nothing. No blisters. They are fantastic! And also my family has an easier time spotting me from the stands with the bright orange color, lol.", "Thanks very much it did fit just as expected , looking forward to buying another one, I just have one comment, it mashes up too fast , it should be more duarable, this is the 2nd one I bought in 6 months", "Great color and comfortable. These fit a bit small but im sure with time they will stretch to suit. Highly recommend", "I needed some boots/sneakers to practice in on a regular basis. These met all my expectations. These shoes are comfortable, easy to put on and the traction on grass or artificial grass/turf is superb. I would recommend this to anyone in a game or training. I use these for field workouts as well and I have no issue. I do my sprints and hiit cardio workouts and my feet feel fine.Also these shoes, have a good feel on the ball and keep a natural feel when playing soccer in games. If you need a great pair of boots that also look cool then I suggest give these a try. They have been superbly durable as well. I just wipe them down with a wet rag when they get dirty from the grass field. Enjoy!", "Excellent", "Great looking turf shoe. the narrower fit is perfect for my feet. I actually wear them as my every day shoe!", "My husband loved them,  so comfortable and yet stylish.", "so good...", "My son is so happy!", "The Hypervenom is really small. I use 8.5 but I think i would need a 9.5 to fit in my foot. The construction is amazing and has a low weight. The product is really good but buy one size above.", "I'm a Nike fan so these were a no-brainer. True to size and easily converted from men's sizes to women's. Quality material and the color is very rich. Really comfy too! Love love love them!", "Personally, I think they're revolting, but I'm not an 11 year old NBA wanna be, so what the hey, they're perfect.", "My Granddaughter wanted these sneakers because of the popular style and vivacious colors.  They proved to be exciting to her fellow classmates as well as teachers. Her stylish dress has placed her in a special dressing class; very popular with her school siblings. She has already ordered another pair with different colors. She's watching closely for other new and upcoming styles.  Although a special Kid's size, they fit perfectly when utilizing the available size chart. Thanks.", "It was the first Jordan that came out. I could not find the original color but this one is a good replacement. It came really well packaged and it wasn't damaged or anything.", "Shoes were a perfect fit. Feel great and look really good. I'm really happy with these shoes. I will buy another pair soon.", "Length is great, but way too tight.  Trying to stretch out I like the look so much.  Makes me feel like Mackelmore.", "The shoes were perfect and the price was also good. I am happy with this product and would recommend the seller. I know many people are scared to purchase Jordan's on amazon in fear of getting replicas. These are the real deal.", "Awesome shoes as always from nike. After 3 months of wear they have broken in nicely and the leather and stitching is like day one, 6 months later. Get some j's, they've been in style since 1985 :) Nikes do run narrow so if you wear a 12, nike says 13. would recommend to anyone.", "I like my jordan shoes. It's beautiful shoes and I wear everyday. I feel smooth my shoes.  Great shoes like it", "Great buy, great pair of shoes.  I bought these sneakers for my nephew and he loved them.  I don't regret this purchase.", "I love these shoes...but I need some pants and a shirt to go with them. Any recommendations? Email me at imsuperstar369@gmail.com", "looked,purchased, satisfied! first time user on amazon and i'm happy with what i've received. Getting a lot of compliments on the shoes.", "I love how these sneakers look...comfortable n durable..absolutely true to sizeNow imma hit the gym in style ; )", "Awesome shirt that is amazingly comfortable and perfect for summer golf. Terrific colors and highly quality materials make this a must for any serious golfer", "Now this is the ultimate in polo the best feeling and the best cut it wears so nice now that's the truth an plus I'm a TIGER FAN", "great workout shirt and fits nicely.  perfect for golf lovers who want to workout and advertise golf at the gym", "Very comfortable, and I'm very happy with the fit, condition is as promised; new.  The lace hold down strap makes this a stylish, choice for me.  I wanted a sneaker to wear with my expensive jeans and look.  Only these fit the bill.  They are sneakers but look like shoes, and the comfort is superb. The white very bright bottom part of the side was at first too bright, but wearing them I hardly notice.  The orange fly wire on the sides are elastic like a scrunchy, and there's an inner ankle support layer that is most comfortable.  I highly recommend this trainer for style and comfort.", "Very nice and light! Would recommend this shoes to anyone who wants to step there game up to the next level!", "If you want comfort and fashion working for you, this shoes is perfect for any jerseys you may wear. My friends were all in awe seeing my new shoes :).", "I bought these for a friend, and he was delighted with them.The fit is just how he expected, and great value for money.", "I've always been a nike fan and been partial to basketball shoes with their arch support esentially built in. I'm a huge fan of Jr and seeing these released I wanted a pair. They match my Mariners gear figuring that would be the wear they see. I have to say without any hesitation these are the most comfortable shoes I've purchased since the air penny II retros about 3years back. They're heavier than I'm used to but I'll be buying a couple more pairs of these in different colorways.", "My 8 year old son Loves these shoes! They were a bit pricey but they are very light and seem well made. Very nice baseball sneaker. The colors are nice too", "Bought this for my friend who is 5'4&#34; and 125lbs and small is just too small to be comfortable on her thighs.  Ordered her the medium, hopefully will be perfect then.", "a good looking shoes for the right price, size are somewhat smaller than expected.. a good shoes nevertheless. lorens frrom PH", "I brought a pair of these for Christmas and there were so comfortable I brought another pair.  I love nice fitting running shoes for slipping on after work or going to the gym to get my &#34;Physical&#34; on.  These fit the bill!", "Really loved the shoes because I work in a warehouse full time and I usually stand up all day 10 to 12 hours a day and they just greatly help me out. The shoes also go good for working out and jogging, doing daily routines because they are really comfortable.", "This was a gift for my husband, who is very picky.  He loves them.  He said this is the first pair of shoes he didn't have to &#34;break in.&#34;", "The product fits snug but is true to size. The colors looks fantastic in person. It's definitely worth the money.", "The colors are much more vibrant in person, they're incredibly comfortable. I put them on as soon as they arrived, I'm still wearing them. My husband loves them, let me tell you ladies if MY husband notices something I'm wearing then it was worth buying. I'd love to get more colors of these!", "Fitting is exact!", "My son  and wife loved the shoes.  Just like I saw them online  and the delivery was fast.  My son was asking almost very day when the shoe are arriving..", "Great fit, just as advertised. Have been breaking them in before playing. Feel great, wear long thick or padded socks for best results.", "I am a very satisfied customer from the order and purchase of the Nike Hyperflight Max shoe.It was purchased as a fathers day gift. My Dad was so overwhelmed with joy when receiving the gift.It was exactly what he desired and the fit was perfect. Over-all we are very pleased withshopping on Amazon.", "I was wanting to use them to play ball in. They happen to be just a lil too big. I started send them back But I got so many compliments on them ima just wear them with nice fits.", "Best shoes ever, very comfortable to play in or walk around in", "I really recommend these tennis shoes. They are awesome! I like them a lot! They fit true to size and they look much better once you put them. The only con is the tongue is cheaply made which should have had a nice feature. Also the laces aren't rounded like Jordan laces are.", "I liked the overall look of the shoe and I'm partial to the sir max line of Nike. I'm a picky shoe guy ad these shoes ended up being perfect. Illbuy another pair.", "My son picked these shoes out and he loved them and has been wanting another pair in another color so it looks like I will be back!", "one of the best shoes i have ever put my foot into, want to buy a bunch more just to have them incase they stop making them", "Very comfortable running shoe!! hardly can feel it - no knee or foot pain - great sneaker for working out/running", "Looked great, felt great, and gave me swag. these are the shoes that lebron james actually wears in games. Sweet!", "Good shoe for my son's big ol' feet.  Needed these shoes in a hurry and the seller got them to me very quickly.", "Bought these for my son, and he loves them. Look great, and comfortable. Not able to comment on how they hold up to play (abuse) because the season has not started yet. With him they will definitely be tested, but if they're anything like the Nike Soldier VI's he grew out of this year, then we're in good shape.They were very good quality shoes.", "The sneakers are really comfortable and they fit and look great. They are expensive but they are wearing well so far. Amazon's price for this was the best I could find.", "my grandson seen these shoes in Hibbet sports, and loved them. They coast a lot more there than at Amazon. He wants more.they look good on.", "This shoes are cool bought like 4 pairs and they are nice, they are really nice for basketball and every body wants some. If u don't have aany gef some....", "I love how they look, they fit great, comfortable to walk in! Would Recommend to  Everyone Overall : Excellent Buy", "Fit's good although box said they where 8.5 the shoes where size 9 my son's happy with them. Wondering how could the box be maked wrong?", "It may be because these are a rare pair but glad to say it eventually arrived and everything was as described, and authentic.", "If you are looking for a TOY, light weight, somewhat flemzy is would be fine. I needed something that more closely resembled an actual AK47 for use as a prop. This is NOT it.", "Love these sneakers they match my shirt just right, and I have gotten plenty of compliments about these sneakers and my friends and family have been asking me where did I buy these shoes.  I have recommended this seller to everyone who ask me about these sneakers.", "Nice. As expected.", "Purchased as a gift for Christmas for my granddaughter and she loved it. Just what she wanted for school and reasonable", "My daughter picked these shoes out and was so excited to get them.  She can run faster and jump higher, so she says!", "Got it for my one year old brother we have been looking for the right fit and style for him , this shoes were great he walks much better with these shoes all the other shoes made him walk funny . I'm happy with my purchase.", "This is my 3rd pair of these Nikes for my 3 year old daughter.  When she outgrows a pair, I get another.  My whole family loves them!  They are good-looking, comfortable, light and flexible.  And no shoelaces, which makes them perfect.", "My 8-year-old got these for indoor soccer. They arrived within 3 days, even without Prime. The size 3 fit perfectly, and he finds them very comfortable and stylish.", "These shoes were perfect for my son. it was so difficult to find cleats in his size (10 US) . All his friends moms were asking me where I got them from . they sure get a lot of attention. Very happy with my purchase.", "My son absolutely loves these shoes and if he loves them then I love them. They are shoes so I don't have much to say about them, they do what they are supposed to do.", "My son picked these out and we compared prices and found the best deal on here.  The shoes arrived as expected and they fit him fine. He loves these soccer cleats!", "Once again a great pair of comfortable, supportive shoes. These are great.", "I bought these for my 12 year old son. He is very picky about how shoes fit, but these fit perfect. Looked great also!", "My daughter wanted these. They are boy's sneakers. Still, great kicks. Should've waited but, she just had to have a pair w/ &#34;shocks&#34;.", "Although it is slightly big, my son doesn't want to sell it as the fit is comfortable. The colour and appearance is outstanding", "Great look and feel and the fit is as expected.  May options for color and shirts.", "Great looking shorts very comfortable", "I love the way it feel and look and I would recommend others to go out and buy it more than one.", "There is no way these are 12 to 15 in size I am a 13 and they barely fit over my heal.", "These socks are great for when your doing physical activity in your everyday life. They keep your feet dry and warm almost like wool socks in winter.", "The socks warm my feet a bit more than than I expected but it is made of good quality and confortable material", "Great socks at a great price. Socks are very comfortable. Will definitely buy more in the future. They fit just right too.", "perfect fit. great comfort. very comfortable with shoes on.Great for walking.I love the color.Great quality. Nike is the best in socks.", "So far so good with these. they fit as I had expected and seem like they'll hold up OK over time.", "Excellent fit, stretchy and cool. Nice support", "These socks fit well, are comfortable, and are the best low cut sox that I have ever tried.  I highly recommend them.", "These were a stocking stuffer for my husband and he really loves them.  They are great quality socks. He is quite pleased.", "Excellent fit.  Exactly what I ordered.", "Bought these for my 13 year old son. This is his style and he loved them.  Nice quality.  Better price than in the retail stores.", "they fit nice he enjoys them very much he wants more they are very warm and they didn't shrink as much as I thought", "Good sock. I have like 30 pairs of elite socks. And they are well made. Recommend these to anyone .", "These are the best socks for sports that i have had. I was looking for extra padding on the heal and not to low on the ankle.  Socks that stay in place and are soft and comfy.These are it for me.", "This is the second time I've got these they fit great and don't get all out of shape after you wash them.", "These socks are great and let my feet breathe. Very comfortable. I run and spin in these socks. Love the way they fit", "these are always my go to socks, they last a good long time, i have about 10 pr and rotate them and have had them over 5 yrs.", "I bought these socks for a friend. She is an avid runner and wanted a nice cute pair of socks to go on her runs in. Not only are these socks super cute, she says they fit great and are awesome to wear while working out or anytime for that matter. She wears a size 5 shoe, and she says they fit great!!", "go ahead, it's a nice sock, I like the right/left....never had that before. Great for working out or just wearing around.", "Good fitting warm and everything I expected from socks. My feet are sweating right now is my only problem but we will live", "These are quality socks that feel great. They actually have LEFT and RIGHT socks, so the fit is excellent. I just wish the sock monster in our house would stop eating them!!!", "Fit great.  Wear them running and golfing and the tan lines are much lower than any regular low cut socks.", "These are the most comfortable socks I've ever owned. Even after multiple washes they feel like new when I put them on. Strong elastic and form fitting design makes them a wonderful fit for anyone who is active on their feet.", "perfect, its Nike", "Awesome socks, have helped me prevent the blisters I would get on the balls of my feet from jogging that come with cheap socks.", "I normally wear converse high-tops for everything so these shoes took a day or two to get used to. Overall they are a great tennis shoe and are relatively light and comfortable. I would recommend these to any tennis player. Only comment I would make is that they run a bit large so it may be best to order a 1/2 size smaller. My other two pairs of nike basketball shoes are a size 8 but for this shoe I had to order a size 7.5 and they fit perfectly.", "the product is a bit large, but I love it.My son can use it for longer.thanks very much.", "Just as expected, arrival on time, size, color, very comfortable and light weight to kids is very good product as expectations", "but this shoe fit me exactly how i wanted and is playing perfectly..everything was present in the box thumbs up", "The shoes are wonderful and 100% authentic!!!  I purchased a pair at the beginning of the year and I have received so many compliments.  I did my homework before I bought them and they are the same exact shoes that were sold in the stores.", "At first i thought it might come out small for my cousin size, but it exactly fits perfectly! the shipment arrived pretty quick and looks real to me. Can't beat the price online which is fair enough to me.", "Real shoes cute nice get them their the best trust me i brought a pair so with futher due get these shoes", "These shoes are real !!! Exactly the same as the pair my brother bought in the store !!I'm very happy with my purchase !!", "I love these shoes I wanted them so bad and I must say I was thinking am I gonna get screwed but oh boy was I happy thank you so much", "No complaints! They look and feel great! Official Gammas that I was skeptical about ordering online. Glad I opted to do so...", "Love it great for running or walking also very stylish will actually look good with jeans. Shoe are also very comfortable", "Just as other Nike shoes. Nice! Good to wear.I like the large air-cushion, but there are very limited choices. This is a good one.", "I've had these for several weeks and I am completely happy with them. I have posterior interior tendinitis in my left foot and am flat footed and always have to have inserts in my shoes. When I first tried them on they seemed a bit snug and I worried for a moment  but once I had them on and walked around in them I was completely happy with my decision to purchase them, I did not have to wear inserts and my feet were smiling, I know this because the smile travelled to my face. I will be purchasing another pair in a different color. I wish all shoes, athletic and non athletic were this comfortable.", "It was cool and very fit to me. I like that shoe because when i jumped i feel like i have a supporter in my ankle", "Very nice shoes, size is just about right, very comfi as well, no other shoes in this price will give you this quality", "Looks and feels great! I can wear them all day and night and forget they're even on my feet. Love'em!", "Digging these shoes..... Almost too pretty to play in.", "I bought for my husband during the world cup, and it fits good in him. And you are also able to adjust the size, so, I am also able to use (but it is a little large for women).", "Excellent quality , good fit, fast delivery. Bought it as a gift for my husband and he loved it.", "A very comfortable fit! 2 day shipment Gr8!", "These were an excellent purchase...lightweight, comfortable, great fit for serious footwork  sturdy and durable in all the right areas for the serious tennis player.", "the tennis are very comfortable to wear on my feet and I like the style they are and I like that eighties look they have and will buy more things in the future", "Excellent feeling wearing them playing tennis and I love the color very much. Good shoes! And they fit me as my expectation!", "this shoe is the perfect fit for my wide foot. excellent buy. I would recommend trying this shoe..the sizes are correct if you have wide feet.and very comfortable as well.", "Very good show for intense training and everyday wear", "The shoe itself is very nice and the length was accurate but it fit too tightly around the foot. Had to return the item.", "I would have bought them a half size larger, but they are awesome shoes and still comfy. Excellent buy!", "This is an incredibly light, comfortable, and supportive shoe for cross-training.  Although the sock style fit might not be right for those with wider feet, this shoe was made for medium to narrow feet like mine.", "Cool colors, nice fit. Couldn't find them anywhere else.", "great value....", "They are extremely comfortable and great for cross training from every movement from sprints, lunges,weightlifting. I really, really like the shoes. They run small.  I normally wear a 11 in Nike but this one I needed a 12.", "very good product", "i really love these nike air shark trainer sneakers. i just received them today.the color of these sneakers are crazy,crazy,crazy. black/atomic red/black. which the colors really plays well off of each other.i love the feel and the fit of these sneakers also the height of the sneakers are higher than most hi top sneakers i own .these are a definite keeper.these go well beyond my expectations.just a all around good shoe.thanks.", "Awesome shoes feel really good and are great to walk, run, jump in I would recommend this shoe to everybody!!!", "It is a little hard to put on. Remind you, the shoe looks great.  It just a job putting them on. After you get them on they fit great.  They fit so great, that sometimes I don't tie them up.", "Comfortable.Not the lightest running shoe, but nice.", "One of the most comfortable pair of shoes I have ever owned. Nike outdid themselves with these!", "Fit well, comfortable, and look great", "Great shoes very comfortable tried on in store before I bought given that the tounge is attached but very comfortable.", "I wasn't expecting too much from this purchase. But it turned out perfect. Perfect fit and feels super comfortable!! I'll buy again", "great", "my husband LOVES these! he tells me everytime he wears them 'these are the most comfortable shoes i've ever owned.'", "My husband has had these shoes for several weeks now, and he still can't stop raving about them. Every day he wears them he reminds me that they are his favorite shoes because they fit so well and are so incredibly comfortable.", "These shoes are awesome, fit great, and are extremely comfortable, arrived on time, in perfect condition great for just about anything, running (trail) or hitting the gym.", "Richale RossShoes purchased were exactly what my son wanted. Fit great and look great. I would give Kicks an outstanding grade. Thank you.", "Great shoes just remember this is no tongue it's all connected, but love them.Nike always performs and these shoes show.", "Fit great and did not disappoint me by there looks.  Great looking shoe, better looking than I thought when I purchased the online.", "Great shoe, very comfortable,  GREAT cushioned feel. Very stable for anyone who has issues with rolling their ankles when being active and working out.", "Fits well. Tread isn't as nice as I would have expected, but it will more or less get the job done.", "I threw these shoes on and did a T25 workout without any issues right out of the box. I've been wearing them a week, using them for a mix of T25, elliptical, and lifting, and they've provided ample support. I was a little concerned because the material has a unique feel, and the shoe is much lighter than I had thought it would be, but support going side to side and jumping is excellent. So far so good with these shoes, I may buy another pair for travel...or if they just stay on sale.", "Very light and very comfortable. Wore them to Disney for 8 days and feet felt fine. Great shoe. Second pair of Nike flex I own and I love these shoes.", "Everything worked out as good as could be. They even arrived a couple of days early. Great shoe at a great price.", "Bought this shirt because I love the message. Shrinks somewhat but fit is consistent with other Nike shirts. I would recommend to others.", "I purchased these with the intention of doing plyometric type cardio (specifically Insanity). For me personally they were not quite supportive enough for that purpose, but I really love the style and lightness, so I kept them to wear as non-fitness shoes. The color is called crimson,but it's more of a neon orange than red. I love the look of these shoes and have gotten a lot of compliments. Overall, super cute and great for walking, but not the most functional if you need a somewhat support shoe for cross training.", "Love this series of Nike. I cannot stand a heavy shoe in the gym, and they look really cool! Awesome", "Love the shoes!!  They're comfortable, durable on the court, and they get lots of compliments.  Big fan!  I highly recommend these shoes.", "LOVE, LOVE, LOVEeveryone wants themi could sell them off my feeti hope they never never wear out", "Breathable, good fit and supportive. The fun colors are a good side benefit, too!  I bought these o help with my runners toe and so far so good!", "I  already have one of this size, and it fits great", "Very comfortable. Fits true to size and like most Nike running shoes. Light weight, medium support.", "Very Comfortable, and I love the patterns and colours, goes with so many outfitsYou do not feel that you have shoes on at all", "Ordered these shoes on Tuesday (5/13/14) and received them on Friday (5/16/14) in great condition. Have only had it for 5 days, but stoked about it! Have only used it a handful of times so far for my Zumba classes and absolutely love the way they move with me! Very fluid with the movements and no &#8220;sticking&#8221; to the dance floor &#8211; perfect for the joints. They&#8217;re extremely light and form fitting so it feels like you&#8217;re floating and almost barefoot. There really isn&#8217;t much cushion to these shoes so don&#8217;t expect that when purchasing these.The only thing that I noticed is that the shoes seemed to &#8220;stick&#8221; to the hot asphalt as I walked to the parking lot (it was only in the 80&#8217;s at the time, but here in Texas, we can go to triple digits in the summer) so I may just put them on and take off in the gym.The black shoe is gorgeous  (I needed something neutral) &#8211; though I do like the other colors offered with this model so I may switch out shoelaces to jazz it up a little.  Hope they last a long time as they cost a pretty penny. So far so good! Highly recommended.", "Very comfortable sneaker & fits perfectly! It is also very light. This sneaker is great for Zumba, weight training, T25 & insanity!!", "They are perfect!!! I am really happy with my new training shoes!! :)Thank you so much!!! :D Love them!!", "These are Awesome I love the color and the style and the fit very comfortable and light weight.  I would definitely by again.", "Shoes fit great.  They were exactly what I was looking for, and I will enjoy running with my cross country team this year.", "I got it for  about to be 3 year old son he loves it, Doesnt want to take it off, Plus  his favorite brand is Jordans", "These are great for my son who wears a size 14 shoe.  Other socks don't fit well and are uncomfortable.  These are perfect!", "As described they fit my 15 year old with no problems . Don't know if I would buy again though . They are very pricey", "Our son wears a size 14 shoe, so regular sports socks are just too small. We have trouble finding the XL size in stores, unless we go to Dick's and pay $$$. So I was pleased to find these XL sized Nike Dri-Fit socks on Amazon at a decent price.They are crew length, so they go about halfway up the calf, and are perfect for football, basketball or wrestling. The Dri-Fit technology wicks the moisture away from the foot, so he stays comfortable longer. They don't shrink or fade much at all in the wash, and best of all they fit his extra large and wide foot.", "As soon as I saw this show, I knew that I had to buy it. It met my expectation. I love it", "Fastest shipping ever!!!  We ordered on A Friday night and they arrived Monday morning!!!  Purchased for 15 year old for High Scho Football.  Excellent cleats for football-look and fit great!", "The look of the show is great.  My son wears a size 15 so it is hard to find shoes he likes that fit.", "Great, comfortable wear, just what I expected! The quality is what you want from NIKE. This is my second SHOX. I should have bought another color.", "They do, in fact, look like the picture, except the dark purple is more prominent in reality. These have lots of cushion and a wide toe box, with minimal stability features and good flexibility. Just what the doctor ordered.", "Great sweatshirt! The thermafit material is so soft and smooth...plus, really warm. I normally wear a small but I read previous reviews which stated it ran a little small, so I ordered a medium.  I am really pleased with the fit. Good quality and quite comfortable.", "No surprises just what I ordered & expected. Fit is great. Nice color. Light weight. Price is funny I paid $24. They were tagged $22. ??? Still a bargin.", "Nike is a great brand for my foot, and these slides are no exception.  They fit great and feel good.", "The quality was good.  My problem was the fit was too close and it could not be adjusted as the loop is fixed.  My son wears 9 but this is small.  a size 10 would have been better for this brand", "Shoes are nice the color Was not what we thought but my son still likes them. I got jip out of cost because the retail said $19 but we paid 24 with shipping so I didn't come out with a better deal", "These are the most comfortable, supportive shoe I have ever worn for powerlifting.", "My husband like it and he said: Price good, excellent quality..... but run too small order half size bigger than your normal size.", "I loved the way these fit my hubby's feet and being in service, he loves how comfortable they are.  Thanks!", "Awesome, awesome, awesome shoe!!! Everybody is jealous!!! Very cool and different looking boot!!! I have been looking at them for a while and very happy I finally purchased them.", "Great shoes for my job went from shox burner xii and xiii and so far so good much more comfortable and much lighter will be adding a second pair soon", "Cute", "I love these shoes! They are true to size and are very stylish and comfortable.  They have a wedge heel but they feel just like a regular sneaker.", "Beautiful, perfectly fit, cool, easy to wear, looks sporty. I'm waiting for autumn to wear it every single day!!!Love Nike)", "Size 8 fit is perfect . Very happy with my purchase . Glad I got an size 8 and didn't go bigger.", "I absolutely loved my shoes. They came when expected and were what I have been searching for years. Thanks so much.", "In love with these shoes. .. I did have to break them in before they became easier to slip my foot in them but other than that they're amazing.. I'm already considering the exact same shoe in a different color!!", "I love my Nike Air Revolution Basketball Shoes! They fit very good and are comfortable. I'm stoked! 5 out of 5 stars!", "Perfect fit & excellent package. Came with the Nike Box, it is the authentic Nike pair of shoes & the size was excellent, no complains what so ever.", "Like the classic color.. black and white and leather. Fit just perfect. comfortable and always durable. There are my second pair of tennis for jogging and doing sports.", "I had sought after this particular shade of green for some time.  I now I'm proud to add it to my sneaker collection.", "Like the fabric. Like the fit.  Works for me.", "This was a surprise purchase for my baby girl(15). She seen them and said I have to have them. I said NO! The sneakers arrived in 3 days, she was so HAPPY. She says they are comfy, true to size, loves the detail, and would definitely order Nike Cortez sneakers in the future:)", "I love the sneakers I wish you would give more of us the option of many sizes again you don't which is very sad", "I love the way my feet feel in these shoes and how comfortable they are. This has been the first pair of athletic shoes that I have been able to wear without my feet falling asleep.", "These sneakers provide great stabilization. My pronating days are over, at least until they wear out. I will be purchasing another pair, once I've run these into the ground.", "i recommend because has a nice style, is comfortable ans suitable for daily run, nike shox has a special way to absorb the shock  and in my opinion this absorb system care about health of legs.", "Love these shoes!!! They fit great, the design is awesome and they are comfortable too! I would recommend these to anyone who wants a comfy shoe.", "I always loved Nike shoes, and these don't disappoint. They look amazing and are comfortable for all day use. Will strongly recommend.", "I love Nikes but they all fit different. These ones are very cute and are just as pictured! I would only recommend them to people with more narrow feet though. They length fit me great, but when wearing them during a workout they squished my feet so bad, I had to take them off. I don't have wide feet in most shoes, so I would just recommend them for narrow feet people.", "Felt like putting on a good fitting glove!  Love them. I did order a 1/2 size larger than my reg. shoe size. Lots of support!", "I love them, they fit snug but my feet felt good in them.  I would definitely recommended these shoes to anyone.", "My daughter absolutely loves these shoes.  She teaches college and does a tremendous amount of walking.  These shoes make it so much better for her", "Comfort level and styling are as expected , but price is still more than I would like. Would prefer more basic coloring.", "Because the comfort and feel are great I was told everyone wants a pair and i guess i will have to purchase more", "Very comfortable, good fit, I am wearing them to run and workout.  Very happy with these sneakers. Would recommend these.", "I love the colors on this shoe!  and I've always loved the Nike Shocks, but this shoe is so bulky that it doesn't fit right.  There's just too much material in it that it doesn't fit right or comfortable and It makes my size 8 feet feel huge.", "I love these and am so glad I went up a 1/2 size! They are so comfortable and love the way they fit me!", "These socks fit as expected and generally hold their shape but every Nike sock I have owned collects lint or fuzzies of some kind making them look old and worn well before their time. It doesn't matter what I wash them with...same outcome. Won't buy Nike socks anymore.", "Nice socks.  I got these for my brother-in-law for Christmas, and he wanted heavy cotton socks.  These were perfect, and I like the different colors in one package.", "Wish they had more colors, bought 2 pair of red and 3 pairs of black.  Most comfortable shoes ever played in.", "My nephew love them and fit as expected. The color and designed are perfect.", "Im so in love with these shoes. have received plenty of compliments at the gym by both guys and girls. very comfy almost like your wearing no shoes at all.I highly recommend them (:", "Comfortable shoes that match majority of my athletic wardrobe!! These shoes are of great quality! My mom tried to steal them from me, luckily she can't wear my size.", "Very nice pair of sneakers my husband like them a lot Nike KD NSW he got 2 pairs. Thank you.", "bought these for a trip to mexico!  they rate airy, comfortable, and super light-- got TONS of compliments as well!", "Is exactly what was pictured and what I expected. Double lined in the chest area for support, but a built in shelf bra would have been nicer. Still it's good for hitting the gym or for running. It stays in place for the most part.", "Super comfy, stylish, bright and catchy! Amazing color and comfortability. Size is as expected. Usually i'm 7,5 and these shoes fit perfectly. So happy with my purchase", "Very comfortable as expected. Get the size you wear because with wear time they will stretch and eventually crease at toe line. So i suggest what size you wear is the size to pick..", "I have bought a tons of nike shoes and these are by far my favorite. They are comfy and have lots of support esp. for someone who has knee problems. I also workout everyday and they are perfect for that as well.", "She loves these shoes. she had be looking for them for a while. They were a great Christmas present for her this year.", "My son has been wanting these for awhile. If they are durable and cool enough for my 13 year old- then they are a great find!", "These are great socks, comfortable and fit well.  I am moving my boys aware from the standard &#34;Hanes&#34; and other mall store brands since those just do not last long and they aren't that comfortable.These Nike's fit great and are comfortable, but of course they better be since 3 of these cost as much as 6 to 9 Hanes!  But most of the time you  do get what you pay for, these were worth it!", "Comfortable and true to size", "Color as in picture, order deliveried in time and the shoes really nice in a box and authentic", "Really feels snug and fits great! Helps me feel grounded and walk with confidence! A great buy for anyone who likes comfort", "This sneaker is great", "Thank you very much man!Very nice and beautifull shoes!I've been looking for them a long time!thanks again!", "My son wanted a new pair of skate shoes and this is what he asked for! He is very pleased and loves them.", "I had no problem returning this item.  I ordered a 9.5 and they were too small, 10 would have been a better fit - but not available.  My son has a pair and they look good and he loves them.", "Great fit shoe. The delivery was great! Super fast! I would recommend this shoe to anyone who is a major KD fan.", "It is a nice shoes, has bright color. It fits as expected. But the price is a little bit higher,.", "Love them! Each Jordan flip flop style fits differently. This particular style is awesome! My son is a size 11 and he also drags his feet! This style tightens enough so that the shoe actually &#34;hugs&#34; his feet! The construction is amazing! The shoe is worth every penny! My son will have these flip flops for the next 5 years! Lastly, order the size of this flip flop that you currently wear because this shoe, actually all Jordan flip flops are sized correctly.. is you go up a half size..they will be too big! Love the product! Love Amazon too!", "My son loves these cleats!  They fit well, are comfortable and look great!  He's just started conditioning but so far they've held up terrific.  The additional cleats for extra traction are a nice feature.", "Comfortable! Shipment was on time. Thank you. It is great on running. Color is great & fits for comfort to my feet.", "I like the style of the shoe, but it doesn't fit as I hoped.im going to change the size , hopefully they will fit better", "These are the best looking, most comfortable sneakers I have ever worn. I'm buying another pair with different color scheme immediately", "Great product, and good service!!", "my grandson loves these shoes. he wears them everyday to school. they fit just as they are supposed to. love them", "My son is 5,and he started playing basketball this year and he loves these shoes! Great shoes, great price! Good", "Purple is my favorite color and purple Air Force 1 is purely work of art, not to mention the timing of the delivery.", "These shoes are lightweight which makes them good for play, will see how they will  last, too soon to tell.", "He loved these air maxes in the blue and gray. the color was unique and they arrived in new condition. perfect gift.", "I've been running in Pegasus shoes since they first showed up in the 80s. They always fit and this pair is no exception.", "The shipping was good with great customer service, but by the time I got them, I didn't want them anymore. However, they look exactly as pictured and are indeed the real thing.", "The best AirMax 2013 as it is leather which is what I preferred thou it runs a bit smaller. I hope there will be a leather version of Airmax 2014 too.", "Good morning, i want to know why these shoes don't have the space for chip in any shoe. I am wondering if is a factory default or anything else.Thanks a lot", "I had own the 2010 and2011.Very comfortable and durable, I am wearing the 2011 presently while writing this review.when I saw the 2013 leather version,that did it for me.", "I WAS VERY PLEASE.i would shop with you againthank you so very much  so take care i will pass this on .", "Everything else seems fine. But the size is obviously inconsistent between this leather version and the cloth version. You should for 9.5 if you are used to size 9 of the cloth version.", "I bought these shoes for my husband to go with his sweat suit. I love the way these shoes look on him. These shoes are definitely worth the money.", "It looks great! It fits tight, but I ordered it one size too small. It will fit perfect after the holiday's.", "Be sure to order 1/2 size or maybe even a full size bigger than your normal shoe size. But i can see they will be very comfortable when I get the right size.", "i consider this shoe rating because when i first got it the box was perfect as soon as i open the box, the laneys was fresh, no creases, scuff marks, nothing.I personally love this shoe becasue its light work something you can put on real quick and look flyyyyy.I would recommend his sneaker to my brother because he is a sneakerhead also lmaoo", "Ok, I think these shoes are over priced.  They are nice shoes but $200 for a pair of sneakers is simply rediculous.  My kid loves them, and is already asking for another color.  I guess that means they are doing the job.", "These shoes were a bday gift for my 13 year old daughter. They arrived on time and looked very good in the box.  They look GREAT on my daughters feet!  She absolutely loves them!  She wears a size 7.5 in women's shoes so the conversion of going a size lower to figure her size in boys was perfect.  Thank you for another great product, Amazon!", "Wore them to school on a monday and hasn't stopped since, they look great, fit well, we ordered a lil big and they fit as expected. plus they are cheaper price wise on here, will deff look for more shoes when its time.", "I bought it as a gift for my husband and it is exactly what I expected.Shipped on time.Thank you very much.", "Nike Mens Air Dt Max '96 Vivid Pink/Metallic Silver-BlackNike Mens Air Dt Max '96 Vivid Pink/Metallic Silver-BlackFits well good style and everyone loves dem", "The sweatshirt they sent me is supersoft and looks exactly like the photo...except it is NOT a zip front but a pull-over.  It is so comfy I decided to keep it, but will still have to find a zip hoodie!", "I got these j's for my man, he fell in love with them. Great fit!!! Wish they had my size too.", "My Son got these shoes for Christmas.. he hasn't tried them on the field yet..but they fit perfectly, and he is very happy with them.", "My son loves his new Air Max. Thank you. They are made well and he loves the colors. Good quality.", "Socks are perfect weight. They don't slide and colors stay bright. They have just enough sock showing above my sneaker that they add to the style of my workout clothes.", "My granddaughter has these and wears them everywhere.  Brought these for myself and are very comfortable and fit perfect.Like the color as well.", "The filler at ankle was exposed.There is Chinese instruction in the box not English.& No guarantee tags.I doubt the shoes are real authentic.", "Fit perfect and they arrived on time.  Thinking about ordering another pair soon.  Great shoes for running for track.  Highly recommended", "Love these shoes! Wish I could have a pair in every color. I normally wear a 7 1/2 but like an 8 in athletic shoes and the 8 fits great. They are very lightweight and comfortable. A little expensive but that's what you pay for Nike's.", "I just had foot surgery this past December and I have two pinched nerves in my foot.  My podiatrist told me to wear soft shoes with a rubber sole.  I had gone to a local department store and got fitted for this same pair of shoes in a very bright orange.  They did not have the size I needed in this color but I bought the orange shoes and then found these on Amazon.  I now have two pair but they are worth every penny.  These are very light and so comfortable.  I showed them to my podiatrist and he was happy with my choice.  They are soft and don't bother my scar at all and they are gentle on the pinched nerves.", "They fit perfectly and are very comfortable for Spring The color was as expected and perfectfor going to the Gym.", "Runs small but typical of Nike gear.  Wonderful material and very nice looking pant.  These pants are very nice, would order again.", "I purchased two pairs of these and am very happy with both of them. The fit is perfect and they wash up nicely. Highly recommend this product.", "I have had Nike Mercurial Vapor boots since they came out. They are by far the best boot on the market. They are so light that while running, I find that you can't even feel any weight on your feet. It is amazing. The mercurials also establish a comfortable fit that molded well to my feet. I found the control with the ball amazing. Bending the ball on free kicks actually seems easier, which I believe comes from the boots fit and grip. To date I have scored 4 free kicks, and the season is only half way through. Hands down the best cleats, don't miss out.", "I was disappointed with the size selection with prime. I normally wear a size 10, ordered a 9.5 and they were too big so I had to return them. The cleats themself are excellent. Very light and the toungueless design is very nice. The stuff configuration is very nice too. I had an issue with the two heel stud design on the vapor 8 and 9. They would break on me. These won't have that issue. For some reason cameras are not able to display the color correctly. These are very pink cleats. Overall nike did a great job redesigning and taking the vapor to the next level.", "Soft fabric, easy to wash and dry. It has become one of my son's favorite t-shirts and he gets lots of compliments when he wears it.", "This was for my brother as a birthday gift and he was very happy. He was surprised and I didn't have to spend so much money.", "Very comfortable. It almost feels like there is nothing in my feet because they feel so light and fit perfectly.", "Too short.  Thought they would come up higher.  Good quality just not what I was expecting but they will work.", "My son loves these socks. He's not a huge fan of socks that go up too high and these were the perfect length. He likes the bright colors and they fit great. Great Nike quality and good price, too.", "My son wanted the Nike high performance socks for Christmas but I couldn't see spending over $17 a pair for socks. Then I stumbled across these and it was cheaper for a 3 pack than 1 pair. These may not be the popular high performance socks that the rich kids are wearing, but not everyone can afford spending that kind of money for socks. These are Nike and a great price for a 3 pack.", "Very comfy, fits perfectly on foot, laces ties easily and easy to put it in... Highly recommended.Very good for the price", "They look terrific on me and are nice and light weight. I love the red color, and the lenses are just the right tint--not too dark.", "My husband love them.  Would order from you again.  They are great looking and fit nicely.  I would order a pair for myself.", "I was very satisfied with the shoe the color it fits well as always I am a satisfied customer I look forward to my next purchase from Amazon", "These sneaks as perfect.  They arrived fast and fit great.  The colors are bright and the fit is awesome. I will buy more in different colors.", "Sirs.TSTSC Industries & AmazonExcellent services and attentionNike Air Max Navigate Women's Shoes, Pure Platinum/Current Blue/White, 7.5...Sincerely.Byron GG", "I always wore Vans skate shoes but when I saw these I had to get them. Great skate shoe and really cool looking too! I liked these skate shoes so much I went and ordered 4 more pairs of them as this style is now discontinued. The one that replaced it is very similar but I don't care for how they look. Once I got them all of my friends wanted them too.", "Good shoes", "I've been a NIKE girl for the entirety of my adult life, and for good reason. Nike is serious about promoting the health and quality of their customer's lives. They produce quality products to insure we accomplish our health goals safely and with the greatest degree of comfort! With NIKE, there's no excuse NOT to JUST DO IT! THANK YOU NIKE!", "I held off a long time getting these shoes. Firstly, there are no retailers that carry them. My local running store said they just weren't good sellers so they sent the shipment back.  I've been trying to find a more cushioned shoe than my go-to New Balance MT110 (on my 3rd pair). As I get into longer runs and in more technical terrain the MT110's just don't have enough underfoot. After 13 miles or so, my feet are just too beat up, especially on anything with lots of technical downhill runs. The MT110 is my perfect fitting shoe. The upper hugs my mid-foot and heel like no other and I have perfect amount of room in the toe-box.  The lugs on the MT110 are amazing in all conditions. In fact, I've only had to use spikes in snow on one occasion when it was especially icy. It's just lacking in the mid-sole department. So, I've been in search of the just-right cushioned shoe.I've tried a few other shoes and putting this on was a 'wow' moment for me. The upper is incredibly soft and breathable. The sole has amazing cushioning for such a low stack. My first run in these were on some rocky terrain and I wanted to test if I would feel sharp rocks.  Nope. Nothing. The Zoom air pods do their job without the need of a rock plate. They're light weight and have a great, roomy toe box. I didn't experience any slipage or hot spots on my first few runs.Pros: Lightweight, roomy toe box, soft comfortable uppers, good amount of cushion without being too much or too stiff. Nice soft heel. The way the lacing works really supports the mid-foot (I don't know what they call it).Cons: on flat terrain I can feel the zoom air pods under my forefoot.  The sticky rubber outsole wears quickly on asphalt or concrete. The burrito tongue will fold under easily and cause a rub spot. When I put the shoe on I have to be careful not to extend the tongue out too much to get my foot in.Overall I'm very surprised and happy with the shoe. I've yet to get a long run (longer than 10 miles) but these are very comfortable. My biggest concern is they will be discontinued soon, like every other shoe I fall in love with.", "love playing ball in them. good ankle support. good traction. but gotta keep em clean cause they look good in the club too!", "It's a good fit, comfortable, and pretty. A little painful when hiking rough trails, but these are running shoes and aren't meant for rocky paths. On concrete, they work wonderfully and my feet feel comfortable enough to stand around all day.", "Great price but shipping was a little high for my Destiney love", "Shoes fit perfect for my lil man. He's been playing basketball and doesn't complain about his shoes. Bought them due to the height to protect his ankles.", "Love this hat, and so does my 2-year old daughter. It is adorable and adjustable with the convenient Velcro strap on the back. Highly recommend!!", "This sweatshirt has all the halllmarks of a quality Nike garment - good fabric, inside fleece just the right thickness, and I LOVE the full size kangaroo pocket. This was exactly what I wanted - half zip with no hood and the kangaroo pocket. However, note this runs a full size small. I own lots and lots of Nike sportswear purchased over the last 20 years. I ordered XL, as normally do in a top.It is NOT an XL, it is a Large. Wearing it over another tee, even a tank, is not an option. I don't know if this is something in sizing difference for the British market, since the only place I found this to order was an the Amazon UK site. But if you order, order a full size larger than normal.", "Awesome", "I should have waited to see it in person. I was a little overwhelmed by color. I like neon but this was an overload. For those that enjoy bright bright colors, this one is for u. Cool sneaker, good fit, good price.", "Great sneaker I use them at the gym they have good support.  The shipping could have been a little faster though but understandable with all the snow in the East.", "They fit like a glove , and they are very comfortable. I always buy Nike, but I didn't know how these were going to work. They look, and feel great.", "I LOVE THESE NIKE BOOTS I GOT THEM FOR THE RAIN AND THEY FIT GREAT LOOK GREAT AND WEAR GREAT LOVE THEM", "I love the first Nike flexon frames that I bought, these have flexon ear pieces, don't know if the eye frame is titanium, probably is but it isn't flexible like the sides. Still a nice pair of glasses. Glass frames that are made of Flexon &#34;Titanium&#34; are indestructible.", "I ordered these because I have a gray pair that are awesome.  These are great as well, fit exactly the same and are just as comfortable.  The only catch is that the color isn't really what I'd expected.  In the pictures they look like a common dark brown color.  They are actually more like a brownish purple.  Not quite like an eggplant color but close enough that they're clearly not just brown shoes.  I'm hoping that over time as they get worn and dirty they'll fade into a better color.  Aside from the color issue they're great shoes.", "I really liked this article because my son really likes football. he liked it. thanks. very good product.....thanks thanks thanks", "Godd workout top for summer- it doesn't squeeze the middle.", "The sneakers were just what he wanted&#8230;.he told me.  I have seen him runinng in the park and think he surely could not hide with these sneakers on .", "these shoes were different look--which is what i was looking for.  the fit is perfect and i really like them", "In 1996 the world brought me Space Jam. I thought it was impossible to make that movie better but almost 2 decades later this perfect sneaker has made its way into my life and turned the dial up to 11!", "In my opinion, this has to be the greatest marketing event in the history of the world.Nike. Just blew it.", "When I saw these shoes, I though they would be awesome.  Selling the car for space age shoes is a perfect trade.  I should have read the description better. &#34;Foamposite&#34; sounded like space age material.  It's just foam.  THEY ARE FREAKING NERF SHOES!!!!!.  Nerf shoes have no traction or stability.  Nerf shoes squeak when they get wet.  You get beat up when you wear nerf shoes.  And now they are falling apart because I have to run to work 20 miles each way.  Terrible idea.  Don't buy them", "I know deep down in my soul that part of the money I am paying will go to giving the Cambodian factory workers who make these an $80/month pay raise. I hope that they can finally stop the protests since I bought 100 pairs. I made myself a bed out of 30 pairs, a pillow from 5 pairs, and an exact replica of my ex-boyfriend from the remaining pairs. He wasn't too happy with the fact that I maxed out all his credit cards and stole his emergency fund out of the freezer. He couldn't understand that it was for a humanitarian cause. I sleep like a baby every night because the shoes are super comfortable. Better than a Serta mattress!!", "These shoes will inter-dimensionally teleport you to places to have never been before!  You will feel like you have god like powers with the power of these shoes!  Well worth the couple grand to mortgage your house for these awesome shoes!  Oh and I think they have WIFI built in them too.", "Built-in teleport function is great for escaping the crowds of people trying to burn me for wearing these blindingly hideous shoes.Would give 5 stars, but got herpes.", "It took me several months to save up for these awesome shoes. The moment I put them on my feet I loved them, and I can tell they're not just some regular ass 50$ shoe. My bitch 9 year old daughter will just bitch and bitch and bitch, &#34;daddy are we going to have dinner tonight&#34; &#34;daddy, can we get a car soon,&#34; &#34;daddy can I get a real jacket instead of a garbage bag,&#34; and every time she bitches I just show her my 1300 dollar shoe and that just shuts her up. Then I make her go to her bed on the street and go to bed.", "They just arrived in flawless condition.  Now I can't wait to put my fresh 22 ' s and the blinking lights... now who gonna stop me now.... I've saved all my paychecks for this ...", "You're probably asking yourself if paying $2K for sneakers that look like a unicorn barfed on them is really the best possible way to use your hard-earned cash.  The answer is &#34;no.&#34;  I figured, heck, if a unicorn barfed on my sneakers, I'd probably have some special magical powers, and I'd be able to ski on rainbows or something.  But no.  They're just shoes.  I checked my own mortality by stabbing my belly with a butter knife and all it earned me was a trip to the ER.  Where does Nike get off selling shoes that don't convey magical powers or immortality on the purchaser if I'm spending 2 large?  Now I've got a pair of blood-stained shoes that I can't return (should really have taken them off before attempting the butter knife trick) and a major bandage on my belly and I'm still just a friendless loser who can't ski on rainbows.  What a rip.", "I bought these thinking Unicorns and Rainbows would surely blow out my rear end every time I wore them.  They did not.", "Week after week Daniel Tosh is responsible for showing us what is truly high fashion. I take great pride in knowing that some day, Daniel Tosh will own a pair of these just like me! My dream is to be just like Daniel. As of right now we are not too far apart. I am not really funny, I am really pale, I have about as many youtube followers as he has sold seats for his comedy show (13 give or take a few), & we both created a failed cartoon... BRICKLEBERRY!!!!!!!!!Our differences? I love women. I own these sweet kicks while Daniel Tosh doesn't.#HighFashion", "You may ask yourself why as woman would want to buy men's Nike's over some Tommy Chi's but I couldn't miss out on feeling the complete universe my weary feet would be shrouded in. As a female I was able to collect the money a little easier then most, let's just say mom's basement became the red light district! I did have to lift mom's wallet for the shipping and handling but it's well worth it.Wearing these heavenly kicks make me feel like queen of the streets and these beauties help me duck out if I see one of my former &#34;johns&#34; at the grocery store (who knew the mayor shops for his own groceries). I just have to say, those sweatshop workers are very skilled, I suggest Nike toss them another five cents a week for pure talent.", "these are the best/cheap nikes i purchased in a long time. they fit great and they looks better than the picture", "My 14 year old loves these!! Very well made, excellent fit. Worth the money!  These will last for a long time I'm sure!", "My son is at a stage where his foot is sometimes an 8 and other times a 9. I ordered this in a 9. These fit perfect and he loves them. They are also easy to clean when dirty.", "I usually wear a 9 so I ordered the black/red in a 9 they were way too tight. I ended up giving that pair to my Mom and ordered the black/anthracite in a 10. These boots are very comfortable and warm which is what I need living in WI. They are good with water/snow. My feet were not immersed in water but normal walking my feet have not gotten wet and I haven't worn socks with these shoes yet.", "I love the way this sandal fits and supports the arc of my feet.  Wearing these sandals feels like a massage.  Especially after a long day at work.  Design is sleek and simple but looks great.", "I love these shoes. They are very comfortable and well made. They are great when you have to go short distances and don't wont to bother with full shoes.", "Excellent material! Simple design but very comfortable and attractive. I do recommend these to those people who are looking for something simple but classy. I don&#8217;t know if they work during winter time because I live in Venezuela and winter for us is just a rainy season. However, the water shield system does work. An awesome choice!!", "these boots are high quality and very good looking. im very happy with my purchase.i would buy these again. thank you", "I ordered this shirt for my husband to pair with the (Nike Air Jordan 1 Retro '94 &#34;Bobcats&#34; Mens Sneakers Grey/Orange/Blue) and it was a perfect match but since my husband is into body building, the fit was too small for his shoulders and they didn't have anything larger than 2X but if they did this would have worked perfectly because it really is a nice shirt.", "I love these Nike running shoes!  They fit perfectly and support my feet very well when running.  Love the colors - great for summer!  I give them a &#34;5&#34;!", "shoes are great now for weights but could never run in them.  they are so stiff when you get them it took me a good month to get them to bend!  fun color,  like the look, now they are comfy - a bit heavy.  again i would never run in them but like them for other workouts.", "These shoes are always very comfortable and last for a long time. They are my fourth pair. Great quality and style!", "The sneakers are well made and fit true to size. My son is a boot wearer and these sneakers are a great change.", "Have the same pear and they fit perfect. These ones my left foot hurts after wearing it for a few hours", "The sneakers fell apart after two games of basketball, it seemed that the rubber was glued together!Horrible sellers!! I don't recommend you buy anything from them and to top it off I tried to contact them and nothing.Paid a lot of money for these shoes,they were a Xmas gift!!!! Not a happy camper", "My son showed me these boots on Amazon and wished he could have them because their awesome looking, so i went online without him knowing and order the boots. He loves the boots and said they fit perfect!", "Feels good", "I love these sneakers fits good looks good can't go wrong with Bo Jackson's  some of the best sneakers out", "I love these socks there the best. So comfortable. They don't slip off my feet at Pilates. Great colors too!", "I Love the socks, they are very comfortable, don't shrink when washed and they don't roll down into your shoes at the heal. Stay in place all day!  (I want more.)", "all nice a cool", "Very good shoe. I ordered the shoe because I always wanted a pair of flyknit chukkas. I wore them to school and received MANY compliments on them. I ordered them because of personal preference, but it is nice that a lot of people also like them.", "Lunar FlyKnit is one of the most comfortable running shoes I've ever owned in my life I love the way it grips my forefoot and cushions my high impact landings.While I consider this particular model of the Lunar Fly Knit shoe line more of a fashionable sneaker ( for sneaker enthusiasts like myself ) than anything, else it would make a great running shoe.", "my son loved it and i was impress when i saw it the weight is so light and the color is perfect.....no complains at all beautiful shoe", "Great product.", "Nice shoes these are the second pair I bought and I'm planning to buy more they fit perfectly well no regrets", "The most comfortable workout shoe I have ever used and I highly recommend them. Nike is the way to go...", "It was my first time ordering shoes through Amazon, I was a little skeptical.  But the shoe's were great and they fit great.", "because it's a very nice shoe the design and comfort is very detailed  plus the penny one cent logo ang the air force one combine is epic", "I know shoes are hardly perfectly matched, but these shoes doesn't seem symmetric when you look down on them. They are nice to look at, but attracts dirt easily.", "I'm really happy with my purchase ...thanks alot..it was easy and fun.will be back in the future to get other stuff ..", "Sweet nice shoes they fit really nice and no one else in saint Louis has them I like em alot", "there fit my feet good i will be buying a next one soon but i do like them i had to pay border force and that was 27.22", "A very comfortable and stylish shoe. I never had a problem with the way Nike's fit, so its my first shoe of choice. This also was my first purchase of the air force style. Im rock these with some dark and some light wash denim slim fit jeans. That's tight as I will go. The jeans will show off the sleekness and the colors of the shoe. I will definitely buy another pair in a cool style not the all white I'm accustomed to seeing.", "Love these shoes. I can always find what I'm looking for on eBay. FitznKickz rocks. Will be back for more", "Exlant choose ,,, every thing was great as expected.", "I love them fit great", "Got these for my husband and he loves them! Fit great and they look great! He is very happy with his new shoes", "They were exactly what they said they was and the fit perfect and I will buy again in the near future", "Great shoes ! Fashionable and really comfortable . Good quality , stabile in ur feet and gives u a retro feeling", "Beautiful sneakers and they feet my feet wonderfully. With the amount of walking I do these shoes feel good on my feet.", "I love them. They are so comfortable. I would definitely recommend these cute comfy sporty shoes. They fit true to size.", "Fit well.  I get lots of compliments from people at work that they like my shoes, even strangers will compliment!", "I received them yesterday and they fit so comfortable I didn't want to take them off. Besides being comfortable they are so pretty and sexy. Can't wait for warm weather so I can wear my short pants with these Nikes. I love the way my legs look in them. So if you are looking for a good women's sneaker for running or just walking around and looking cutie, I highly recommend these Nike Women's Air Max 90.", "My kid is soooooo happy,great shoes and great price.i highly recomended.this is the perfec shoes for kids,dont wait.thankyou.buenos bonitos y baratos", "this is one of their tried and true shoes and it is worth every penny. Great comfortable shoe. I love it", "One of my favorite shoes to wear!! Love them so much, I had to get another pair, but in a different color.  And as an added bonus, these gain a lot of attention and compliments.", "I love these shirts! My son is 2 years old and these are a &#34;little big&#34; but its great because he can actually wear them now and then grow &#34;into them&#34;.... Love love love them. Super thin so they are great for the upcoming summer months plus I could have put a thicker long sleeved shirt under them in the winter...", "The shirt is warm and fits how true to size.  It is everything you expect from a nike product at any store.", "I gave this as a gift to my son and he's very happy.", "Very please with the KD slides. Love the comfort to feet after a workout. I wear mine mainly after the gym and exercise but I recommend these to anyone who seeks comfort and of course a KD fan! Good luck", "it's perfect to use after playing basketball. I don't need another tennis. Really nice and comfortable fits as I expect.", "the shoe is really nice looks just like the one in the picture, and it fit the way I wanted it, nice shoe all around.", "I absolutely love these shoes!! They have a dark mysterious feel to them. I was pleased all around with these kicks", "This is a very clean shoe and real too. Definitly real shoe would recommand shoe addicts to buy these shoes", "I bought the jacket for my wife and she loves it.  The jacket is of th highest quality and fits perfectly.  Great Item!!!!!!!!", "My son bought these shoes and he.love them. He says they feel great and look amazing. This us his second pair, but wonders why skateboard shoes squeek when hr walks.", "Loved the sneakers the fit was great they are very comfortable and would purchase again... would recommend a great price and fit.", "My daughter loved these shoes, she has room to grow which is what I wanted because these will be for this upcoming winter.", "Im never sure my Grandkids will like my picks,however my Grandson luv these shoes. The color is muted and can go with any outfit. Who knew Grandma could pick a good pair of shoes. My son in law luvs these shoes so Im getting him a pair for birthday", "After reading other reviews I purchased a pair half a size larger than usual and the boots are very comfortable. I am very happy with them, they provide good support and a nice fit.", "Great colors, the blue and red combinations its unique, i like the way the mixed,very confortable, I love it.", "No where as good as 2013 model. Not sure if its real. Fits OK but does not have the comfort and cushioning of 2013 model. Is it a real NIKE?", "Great shoes and they're the Nike + so you can put the Apple interface in the bottom of the shoe for keeping track of your walking, jogging, etc.  Interfaces with iPhones for $20.00 sensor that fits in sole.  Fit great and comfortable.", "Watch out the problem is not the size but the height of the inside toe or tip maybe for a lady they are ok but i don't think any lady would wear size US 13 Don't buy on line, go to a store and try them. All other characteristics are great nice design and ultralight weight it is a pity  the designers use other brand of tennis.", "I bought for my grandson's birthday. He loved them, said they were really comfortable and looked great on his feet.", "these shoes were awesome! loved them! at first glance was not sure, but once on my feet, loved them !", "By looking at  it we thought it was too big , but when it was put on , it fit very good and it is very comfortable", "good~ ! !Nike Men's Air Max 2014 Night Factor/Blk/Atmc Orng/Vlt Running Shoe 9.5 Men...Nikefit as expected. very good.", "These shoes look nice but are very hard along the sides and top.  I thought they would loosen up as I wore them, but they have not.  I should have returned them in exchange for a softer pair of shoes.", "This is the comfort I was looking for!!! The shoe fits perfectly and provides the comfort that only an Air Max can.", "I liked very much, but those are a bit small or maybe my feet is to big, anyway those are great", "Nice fit for me and they felt great on my first run!", "Luv these shoes, dese are super sporty...I own like 12 pair of tennis shoes, these are the best by far", "I bought these on Sunday looking for a replacement for my everyday shoes. I have a defect in my feet that has caused me to suffer from a lot of pain in the ankles and in the knees, so I have to wear comfortable shoes all the time(it's nothing serious, I play basketball and soccer on a regular basis).I've only worn them since yesterday and I'm already really impressed by the comfort and pain relief that I'm experiencing. Just trying them on feels great and I could feel a huge difference walking with these shoes. I really recommend them for people suffering from knee problems. I'm very satisfied overall.", "fast shipping nice shoes my new NIKE Air Max 2014 Men's Running Shoe, Purple, US9.5Nike, thanks i'm happy thanks again", "Got these at Champs because they were a little cheaper than Amazon plus they have my size 13 and the dark grey/orange color. Man these fit awesome and it feels like you're walking on a trampoline. I would say the quality is well worth the $190.00 that I shelled out. If you can, buy these-oh and thank me later! :)", "Great comfortable shoes!!!", "Looks and fits great", "Shoes fit as expected and they are very comfortable. The Nike Air Max series is very well supported and the shoe is light.", "Love them they look great they are extremely comfortable. They are expensive but I think they are worth it. Recommended", "They are overpriced, for sure, but I hae been hooked on the Air Max since 2011 and will continue to buy them every year until somethig else proves better...", "i love it !!!!", "i bougth Nike Men's Air Max 2014 about two month ago and it is breaking. so i can understand beacuse i dont use very often,  and i see you are crashing on the side  of the shoes,  I think it is a defect of the shoes.", "Nike Air Max fan from way back in my marathon days. Always the best in comfort and fit as well as durability. Really love the style and weight of the shoe. Rarely go wrong with the Air Max.", "So I got them, they fit comfortable, but nothing more different than my cheaper fitting sneakers. These are the most I have ever paid for a pair of sneakers, and I really don't see or feel the hype. Cool colors, but really cheaply made. Scared to get them wet because I see them falling apart.", "Tried them on and they were so so big. And I also was dissappointed in the colors they looked more like a man's tennis shoe.", "beautiful and comfortable shoes", "Perfect shoe....I love them.  Fast shipping.  Great price.  I plan on getting more in different colors.  Very comfortable shoe to own.", "They are a bit heavier than I anticipated. But, overall very comfortable. I have received many compliments on how nice they look.", "The color is better then picture. and the feel is super. I have always used Air Maxs for the gym but this one is superior", "Ive had alot of nice pairs of shoes in my time, and I can say that these are the best pair ive ever had. They look amazing.. They fit perfect.. and they are sooooo comfortable.... Amazing pair of shoes", "Purchased these for my husband for Father's Day. He loved them! A bit pricey, but it was worth seeing him smile.", "Nice brand nice design. Light weight shoes good for cross training and lite outdoor sports. Also good with casual get-up. 5-stars for you dude!", "husband absolutely loved them very comfortable", "My Husband loves them they fit him perfectly buys them every year a new style comes out very comfortable and stylish", "I ordered the q0.5 and the 11 - because depending on the shoe I wear either size.  For the width, I had to go with the 11 - which fit perfect and I sent the 10.5 back and was promptly refunded.I walk 3 miles every morning and my left heal stays sore most of the time.  I have never owned any Air Max, but so far it has helped my heal tremendously.  This will not be my last pair.", "Fit fine but didn't get what I was supposed to", "Amazing fit .. for looks & comfort this shoes is in a class of its own .. very expensive but worth it", "This is a great looking shoe but the arch was too high for my foot and made it hurt after one hour of wear. I have Nike Tailwinds and they fit great.", "It's perpect fit as expected. I liked very much, those are fit my feet. and it is very comfortable for jogging.", "Shoe is nice. They look real good and have a great feel.  The shoe is however a bitLarger than expected.", "It is a wonderful colours. I love them. It is very difficult to get this mode; anywhere.Everybody who sees them they ask me where can I find another?", "These shoes are excellent. I am quite content.I would recommend them to anyone looking for a solid running shoe with excellent cushioning and stability.", "They were awesome.", "I love these shoes! Thankful to reviewers who suggested ordering half size larger than regular shoe size... I did, and the fit is perfect.  Super comfortable, and great looking kicks!  I ordered the white with atomic mango and volt, and couldn't be happier.  I had no idea how many people actually notice shoes. Tons of compliments everywhere I go!  People stop me to ask where I found these shoes.  They're a little expensive, but worth it!P.S. I forgot to mention... the tip of the toe box is just a little more pointed than it appears in the photo. This accounts for the half size increase. Important info for those with wider, rather than narrow feet.", "Most comfortable Nike's I ever bought, They are good looking in a very funky way.Have received many compliments on them.", "I love air max shoes been wearing them for years, the colors are fun and spring like. I get complements every where I go literary.", "It 's very nice and fancy. this is gift for my friend, she love's it. So i'm happy too. hhhhh", "I saw particular shoes online...did a Google search...narrowed down shoe on Amazon...transaction went smoothly & I got the exact shoes that I wanted...I'm very happy! :-D", "We bought these shoes, as suggested for good arch support, by my daughter's sports ortho doctor.  They are really helping to relieve the pain and tension in her achilles tendon and calves.  Great product!!", "Fit as expected and a great price!  I would buy this product again online, I highly recommend it. Good job.", "Very nice shoes! Thought they were white, but they have laces and gray as a whole slightly grayish color, but otherwise perfect!", "Always pleased with the Air Max and the 2014 version is no different.  Perfect fit, comfort and durability.  Love them!", "I love these shoes, they are super comfortable!", "Love these shoes. They fit true  to size and have a lot more cushion than the New Balance I had been wearing,", "I love my Nike Air Max, just a lil bit too big. I want more. Will definitely order smaller size.", "l loved all the Nike's i've owned for the last 20 years!!", "These are great shoes to be able to run and do your workouts easy to maintain clean and like the material", "Awesome shoes. Very comfortable. Stylish-got lots of compliments on them!  Fit true to size. I have a wide foot and they felt great,", "I like 'em!  The fit, are comfortable and I expect to get a lot of use out of them.  Amen", "This Nike shoe provides a great fit, support and great comfort. Totally happy with this shoe! It feels molded to my foot!", "Love the sneaker , very comfortable .. Look is stylish ..I would recommend the sneaker. Good buy even though the price is high but worth it. Delivery was awesome . In 2 days !", "Really comfy shoes, fits perfectly. Really love the style. Matches everything! Definitely have gotten a lot of compliments.", "Purchased half size larger than normal as that is how Nike fits.  I have purchased many versions of this shoe over the years.  I am pleased that this is a great, comfy, cushioned ride without looking like a &#34;moon boot!&#34;  I got so many compliments the first day!  Guess it was that electric pink!  I recommend undoing the very top lace on this shoe.  It will allow a more comfortable bending of your foot when walking.  I have back issues and these were superb.  If in doubt, go to a store and try on so you know what size works best for you.  Then get them here because I saved 75 dollars!  Thanks, Amazon!", "size that I need as expected is good, prices as compared to others are really fair-keep it on guys and I love your store on line", "These are my favorite running shoes. I'm overweight and these are the only shoes that offer enough stability while also having great cushioning that lasts for months without breaking down. The treads wear out before the cushioning does, so they have great life in them. Also I get compliments on how cool they look.", "This shoe does a fantastic job balancing comfort with support. A great buy for anyone who looks to look good while bustin' a sweat!", "I absolutely loved the shoes but they were too small! I sent them back! I reordered the 9s and love them! They are super comfortable.", "This pair of Nike air max 2014 running shoes wear very comfortable, bright colors, walking in the street is very eye-catching, walk for a long time without feeling the fatigue of the feet.", "Very comfortable shoe. Love the product!", "These shoes look aggressive & they fit great! They're extremely comfortable too. As always, Nike is the best in this business!", "Best Nike shoe I've ever had!!!", "After searching for a running shoe that was a perfect match for me I definitely found it. I'm in love with these running shoes. I've only had them 3 days and I can stop looking at them and wearing them. At first I thought they were too small but now I know that's how they are supposed to fit..snug and tight since the material is some sort of stretch knit. It pretty much molds to your foot like a durable sock. They are super comfortable and look really good. I'm thinking of getting another pair in another color. These shoes make me want to work out more.", "I love these shoes! Knowing that Nike shoes run small, I ordered a size 9 even though I normally wear size 8. They're SO comfortable and perfect for running and working out. I'm so pleased with my purchase!", "I really like the shoes its really comfortable. I also love the color, I highly recommend it!  Love love it!", "All I know is my daughter loves the shoe so I do not have any complaints.  I just got a big hug and a huge smile.", "My daughter was happy with this nice snickers. The delivery date was a time and everythings was ok. Beatiful and confortable shoes.", "I really love these shoes. The are so comfortable and very cute with skinny jeans & capris . They're real Nike and not a knock off. The only problem I have is that they are furry. I thought it would be just a print but it's actually like a fur print. This is going to make them hard to clean if I get something on them. I still love them though and get tons of &#34; OMG I love your Nikes!!!&#34;", "These shoes were everything I expected, plus much more. Comfortable and stylish. Highly recommend if in the market for a running shoe.", "I have flat feet. These are by far one of the best shoes for running, walking, and weight lifting I have found.", "Excellent running shoes that look great. Running around my neighbor, I always see people in cars staring at them. Extremely comfortable too. Keeps your foot placement in check", "It's good but I've expected be better than I received. But I will buy nike in the future. Risk every thing", "I assure you these are the best Nikes made since the Nike free 3.0 v2, but much improved upon. The upper is awesome it's like a compression sock tight where it needs to be. The toebox is nice and wide for toe spread and not tight so they breath well. The outsole is very flexible and cusioned. The grooves in the sole are not very big so rocks don't get stuck in them to the same degree as the 3.0 v2s. Overall these are hands down the best Nike made in about 3 years.", "These shoes are perfect for the casual runner, that is, one who averages 3 or so miles at a nice jog and isn't overly concerned with pacing and distance.  The gym is a good place, as is cross fit.After my brief love affair with the original Free Flyknit in Rainbow Vomit color scheme, I decided to give the newer, lighter iteration a go.  I used the Free Flyknit 5.0 for a good 6 months, averaging about 4 miles with maximums of 6, at a good pace too (~ 6:45/mile); then I realized that anything further and the shoes began to hold me back, like I was running through mud.I gave these a shot, though, as I wanted a new distance shoe and figured maybe it was just the weirdness of the inaugural shoe.  It wasn't, for me at least.  The same issue persists, even with a revamped sole and upper.  And I think the former is the problem.  i've never felt truly &#34;fast&#34; in any of the frees; maybe the very first ones back in 2003, but I was in the Army then and running a lot against my will.The sole is not a single mass; it's several pods or hexagons that are fused to the insole and allow the shoe to flex with nearly every subtle movement of the foot.  Nike WANTS this to translate to a more natural feel, and yet I think it over exaggerates it.  Whereas some shoes of the same minimalist vain succeed in this area by keeping the sole one whole piece, Nike went a bit too far.  II think what's happening is the sole is allowing impact energy to spread across each individual pod, and when there's more surface area I feel like the shoe begins to work against the runner.  Basically, the pods are too independent and cushy to allow for an optimal strike and return - anything more than 3 miles and I start to feel like I'm running through mud.  This could be such a good shoe if the sole were more, substantial: maybe a bit thinner but stiffer.  The upper is fantastic though.  So, I don't recommend this shoe for anyone who wants to work on speed or distance.  It's good for wearing to the mall though!", "My daughter wanted another pair of Nike running shorts. The price was good and she likes the print. But these Livestrong shorts are much shorter and other Nike running shorts she has.", "I bought shoes for my child she loved them.  They came when they said they would so its all good in Chicago.", "I got up early out my comfy bed to get these shoes.  I never had a pair before but when I saw these I fell in love && I had to have them! Well anyways I went to the mall && didn't get them then I ordered them online && I got them in a timely manner they fit perfect I LOVEEEEE THEM", "I got this set for my son who is about to turn 3 and he really loves them. They are very thick and warm plus comfortable. His feet stay warm with theses on", "I bought these when my son was a year old in the hopes that they would fit by the time the next summer came around (he's an August baby) but since he is on the smaller side I have not put these on him. They seemed to be very good quality but I can't comment fully on this since we haven't washed and worn them as of yet.", "I love these shoes how ever UPS need to get stuff right or hire better and smarter drivers other then that everything is SWEEEEEEET", "The shoes are great but did not come with the sport sensor kit as advertised which is a huge disappointment.", "Love everything about the shoe! Gets alot of compliments whenever I wear them! I am looking for more colors of this shoe.", "LOVE LOVE LOVE the shoes !!! they are going to be traveling everywhere with me !!! let the compliments begin,lol :)", "This pair of shoes is very good, that is relatively easy to dirty, cleaning too often, but he was very nice.", "black with gum sole is good classic skate shoe look (axion kck, if you don't know about the kck you are probably are too young, best skate shoe ever made).  this shoe is definitely the new kck for me.", "I tested its before buy. The producto is ok, The problem was the weight, it was more i supposed and it was more expensive for me because y bought and send to Uruguay.", "The shoes fit perfectly which was surprising. i definitely will consider you on my next purchase. Thanks for the product.", "These are great shoes. The shoes fit well and are very comfortable. I am very pleased with the purchase .", "first time it came out those days when Sir Charles &#34;round mound of rebound&#34; used to dominate and disfigure rookies jaws in the NBA back those days. These are the wheels he had on, but not the color but similar FORCE 180 series. There are many other color variations that suites you. It feels good on the feet, you feel that your feet is stable on the ground. When you jump the cushion is perfect.", "My Nike Air Force 180 Basketball Shoes are awesome! They fit great! I'm very happy! 5 out of 5 stars!", "Super Comfy! Run small though so order a half size up. Build quality seems to be of good quality. Cheers!", "Been playing soccer for 20 years and these are the best pair I've ever got. Materials fit perfectly to your foot form, and these are very light. Ball control is good. Great pair in general!", "I feared that the durability wouldn't be great because of the looks, but the cleats performed great. I'm really happy with these and looking foward to buying more.", "Arrived when said they would, and fit great...  just in time for next weekend games...  well packaged, will order again", "Being a soccer freak this cleats work great for me. The dribble feels amazing, great grip for shooting curves, the traction on the bottom gives a lot of control and they look beautiful. Needleless to say I loved them", "After going through an expensive pair of Asics in 3 months, a coworker suggested Nike Air Max. I checked the reviews for this item before making my decision. I am very happy with my choice. I always use gel insoles in every shoe I wear and with these Nike Air Max it feels like I'm walking on clouds.", "I love the sneakers. Great fit and colors. However, I started loosing some color towards the back of the shoe. Looks like the paint is chipping away.", "I have over 12 pairs of sneakers/tennis shoes/trainers - this is my FAVORITE.  It is the most comfortable pair and the most handsome. It is mostly black, gray, and white - with just a touch of RED.  WHAT'S NOT TO LIKE.  I promise you, the clerks in the shoe stores will want to know WHERE THE HECK DID YOU GET THAT?!", "Great", "nice product fit perfect", "wow! just amazing my Nike hypervenom soft and comfortable as always on time by the seller are shoes designed for your low-heeled feet as wing and shot the perfect shot they recommend excellent", "I didn't dislike anything about hypervenom phantom fg low soccer cleats.. true to size, color and is the real product that i expected!  awesome bag comes with as a plus.", "I really recommend this shoes, the color it's exactly as in the pictures, they fit perfectly and are great for running", "MEET MY EXPECTATIONS 100 %, ARE COMFORTABLE, THEY FEEL SOFT AND ARE precious. HE WAS dubious ABOUT THE SIZE WHEN THE Pedi, BUT SOMEONE FIRST TRIED ON A PAIR PERFECTLY. THE RECOMMEND ARE BEAUTIFUL!", "The duel fusion Nike is very comfortable. I really recommend this one as it has the extra padding in the foot bed andyou can really feel the difference when you are on your feet a lot. It is totally supportive.", "Best running shoe I have ever worn.  It's like being on a cloud because there is plenty of cushioning. I liked them so much I bought 2 more pairs.  Sadly, the soles are wearing out and I need to replace them.  I just wish NIKE had not discontinued this shoe.  Now I am searching for a suitable replacement.", "This shoes are very good! They're light and really nice for someone like me that works walking all the time, they're really comfortable, anyone that likes running shoes, this is a great choice!", "I am a stage hypnotist who performs a few hundred shows a year. My feet are always hurting because I need to wear cool shoes onstage and as we all know, cool shoes aren't usually comfortable. My bestie (who is on her feet a lot also for her work)  told me about the Nike Dunk Sky HI sneakers and I was excited to try them. The heel is hidden, they make your feet look great and if that doesn't beat all, they are not only cool shoes, but they are actually REALLY comfortable! I just bought my third pair. I went up a half a size and I think it;s good advice", "My older son loves this color. He has some socks to match. They fit true to size. Nice shoe color shoe.", "It wasn't for myself but was told it fits like a glove. Love the color. Wish I got one for me..#jelly", "Beautiful. Great shoe! Love the color it is one of the most perfect Nike running shoes ever to exist. For style and function.", "I haven't been able to put many miles on these yet. First impression is a positive one. The fit is good. The sole is firm right out of the box, but has softened slightly after the first run. I'm excited to run in them again.", "What can I say?  The &#34;cool&#34; kids in my son's class all have Nike socks with the design up the back, so I got these for my son.  He's worn them once that I know of, and now they have disappeared into the morass of his room.  I think he likes them, and would wear them more, if he could find them.", "Great shoes, fast delivery", "Kind of on the heavy size but that's minor. This is a good looking sandal. Colors are eye catching. Only time will tell if they hold up. Been two weeks and so far so good", "These shoes are amazing. Very well made and the colors are great. My grandson loves them. The latest styles are certainly colorful. This seller is very good", "My Son wears a size 14 and he has trouble finding shoes. He purchased 3 pair of Nike and he likes these the best. They fit and feel great. They also look really nice also.", "THESE MID ONES ARE AWESOME ,,THEY LOOK SO COOL AND FIT WELL ,, I WILL ORDER OTHER COLORS AND SOON", "Fits well, comfortable.  I used them for working out and style, very happy! Highly recommend these, you won't be disappointed", "Very cool shoes and the color is fantastic. My son has the red and purple and he likes these better.", "I bought this as a gift & he loved it..it fits perfectly & he said it felt comfortable.was a good buy..", "Great Fit. Light. With enough stability for tennis , and yet light and comfortable for running and cross fitting.great value for my money.", "I have tried many other top brand tennis shoes. Nike Air Vapors are the best! They are the only shoes that seem to negate the infamous break-in period. I only wish that I could have found another color. I like darker colors because I also wear them at work as well as playing tennis with them because they are so comfortable. These almost fluorescent hued red shoes attract dirt and comments at work and from my tennis partners that go something like this... &#34;Wow, I could see you coming a mile away.&#34; Don't get me wrong, I like to distract my tennis partners... My game needs all the help it can get, but co-worker jabs are a different story! Lol! Well, Mr. Federer, hopefully the decision on fashion and color with Nike execs you made probably last year for next years tour color will be toned down a bit. All that being said, not even the &#34;Rave Party&#34; neon theme could keep a 50 something tennis hack from ignoring the great quality of this shoe. By the way... If there good enough for arguably the greatest tennis player to ever play the game, then there good enough for someone with a zillionth of a fraction of Rogers talent! Lol!", "THIS TENNIS SHOES IS THE BEST THAT FIT WELL. VERY NICE PRODUCT, COMFORTABLE AND PRACTICAL. EXCELLENT.I REALLY LOVED THIS SHOES.", "Lovvvvveeee them! They are authentic and the quality is just as I remember it years ago.", "very goood shose if you wear it u will like it", "Great touch and speed and my daughter loves the cool colors.  Upper covering is a significant improvement over the Mercurial VIII silky texture for better control.", "Good Item", "It feel kind of tight It seems more as a women size shoes  but stretchout after a while over the use", "Greetings ... I wonder if the colors are exactly as in the photo or just blank,Thanks and I hope your prompt response", "First let me start by saying I love this shoe, it was a wonderful fit, and not only that, my shoes arrive two days before it should, which was fantastic, I would be using this server again.", "Excellent comfortable and ask him again .. It's a practical and wonderfulIt's beautiful and gorgeous color..  nice very nice", "Light weight and comfortable.  Great running/walking shoe.  This shoe was always out of stock at Kohl's, Sports Authority, etc.  Got it right away on Amazon.", "I'm on my fourth pair of these shoes since 2012. They are the best trainers on the market, in my opinion. No gimmicks, no nonsense, just a great fit and a high-quality shoe. The insole molds to your foot after a few runs, guaranteeing the most comfortable fit possible. They are light and cool, and yet still hold up to high mileage running. I have nothing bad to say about these shoes.Amazon shipped promptly and had these shoes at the lowest price I could find. My whole experience was great. Thanks!", "My husband usually wears a 10.5 but we bought these in a 10 and they fit perfect. He said they are very cozy.", "I am pretty happy with these shoes. They look great, are lightweight and most importantly are comfortable to play in.", "I like these for my 3yr old & he loves them too....they made a great 3rd birthday gift for him.", "These are the best fitting sneakers I ever bought. I was very happy with my nike sneakers. it is a must buy and very comfortable.", "I bought size 9 on my first pair of janoski shoes, now I bought 9.5 and feels a lot better. minimizes break in time, far more durable than Vans specially on the side of the shoes where it folds still glued to the suede.", "awesome. wanted the cheaper leather ones but couldn't find them. I guess it's not a bad thing to have the pricer suede ones.", "Really nice sneakers,  Air Force 1s always run a little big, if your a size 10 you will be comfortable in 9.5s", "First of all make sure you order 1/2 size smaller than what you normally wear in Nike.  With that out of my system this is the best tennis shoe I have ever worn and as a competitive tennis player, tennis coach, and tennis equipment expert, I have wore a lot of tennis shoes.  If you like medium to narrow shoes similar to previous courtnallistec versions, breathe cage, some versions of vapor, barricade 7 or even the adizero feather, you will love the fit of this shoe.  The shoe is easy to get in to without having to undue the laces yet it stills feels secure.  For tennis just tighten the laces slightly and the shoe will feel like it's custom for your feet.  And yes it's also the best looking tennis shoe ever.", "Finally Have the Nike Air Max 90  GS 2007.I have been looking off and on for these and saw them at different prices to compare. I  saw them at a store unexpected and jumped on it and was happy that they had them in a size 6! I tried them on and my feet slipped right into them. But they seem a bit large but not extremely.They are comfortable and I have room in the toe area, the 'toe box&#34;, which is very important so there will not be any toe crunch. A very comfortable to walk in and run. I walk a lot and I need comfort. The sneakers are very stylish and nice color scheme with the  dark blue, white ,light blue and pink. I paid much less than the price I saw on Amazon that a seller was selling them for.", "bought these for my boyfriend they got hear good fast and they are perfect really recomend these if you need some", "These shoes fit perfect. This is my second pair. I hope they continue to make them because if I knew they were going to discontent hem I would buy another pair too", "I love it", "When these first came out I was in high school. Couldn't afford them. More than 15 years later they are remade and the best part is, they're everything I hoped they would be. Beautiful, comfortable and with a cushioned sole that only nike can make", "I always wanted these shoes growing up, but my parents didn't have the funds to buy them for me. I am excited they were re-released, and I am one happy camper.", "I love it the look, reminds me of the old days. These shoes are so comfortable and looks so hip.", "Love this shoe and the color", "I love these shoes, I'm a weekend warrior when it comes to basketball and these shoes are great they have cushion and support in all the right places, and as I get older I really appreciate it.", "I would recommend this cleat to other lacrosse players as they are comfortable and have a good traction while cutting and running on the field. I liked that they were lightwieght and came in many different colors to match your style. So not only did the feel good they made you look good too. They allow me the flexibility I need to move quickly while still providing good support. I have worn Hauraches for the last 3 years previously I wore under armour which I did not like.", "Incredible! is very confortable shoes. The most lightly and beautiful shoe in the world.i love it. thank you very much", "Just got these in and they look just as good as they do in the picture! Got them for my boyfriend for his birthday and he loves them. He won't be wearing them til the snow melts though! Good buy.", "It was a gift and he loves the color and how it fits it looks better than the picture thanks", "WOW, you must want a truly VIBRANT attention getting pair of sneakers , well these are it.Great sneaker , the color is exceptionally brilliant , well worth the price.I know they will be what I go for  when I have a Clambakes,outdoor party's , travel.There a great sneaker so far", "Great shoe. Great price.", "Very good quality T-Shirt, Fits as expected", "HAVE THESE IN EVERY COLOR AND CAN'T HIGHLY RECOMMEND THEM ENOUGH.  THEY FIT AS EXPECTED, SO COMFORTABLE ESPECIALLY BETWEEN TOES AND THE FOOT PADDING IS EXTREMELY COMFORTABLE.  I WEAR THEM ALL DAY.  THEY ARE MY FAVORITE THONG SANDALS EVER.  I WISH THEY MADE MORE COLORS.", "Great fit.  Like most running shoes, size up 1/2 size.  Support is amazing. Love wearing them just walking around town.", "I AM Addicted!!The best way for me to feel like I am wearing a heel since my foot accident!Cute, Comfortable, Stylist, Flirty an Oh so fashionable!!", "I love this shoe, I normally wear a 8 1/2, but I order 9 and it was a perfect fit.", "Love the look of these shoes! Received a lot of compliments, but the are a bit narrower than I had expected. Kind of feels like you're walking in heels.", "Fit perfect thank you", "choose good", "Good color to wear in the spring is the point.Heel height is suitableIn addition, I want to buy", "I love them. .they are very comfortable and girly.I love Nike dunk's ..I like they added a wedge to make them more feminine. I will be buying more...Thank you.", "Super cute.... everyone love them. Whatever size you wear order a half size up. Looks great with jeans and leggings.", "i received it on time and i loved them the first time that i purchased them. my daughter loves them and even my best friend says that they are hot!!!! i love them.", "They look great. They fit a little snug cause I have wide feet and no arch. But they eventually molded to my feet and I love them.", "Good quality and comfortable", "It's a great wallet because it is very sturdy and holds all of my cards.  The material feels great and I see it lasting for many years.", "My teenage son loves this bag! It's very durable. It washes up really nice.It is kind of pricey though, hopefully my son with have it for the rest of his high school years.", "This bag is by far the best book bag I have ever owned. It has a sleeve for my laptop, and plenty of space for all my other books and other miscellaneous items. It is very comfortable and I am constantly getting compliments on the color and style of the bag.", "Beautiful shoe...reminds me of the Tiffany shoe Nike put out before.  Colour as displayed. Very comfortable and versatile.  Material (mesh) seems thin, but it is a well constructed shoe, so it moves well with the foot.  Highly recommended!", "This is a very comfortable and light shoe. Great running shoe. The color is beautiful and unique, just like the photo. Highly recommended!", "THey feel great and almost like you are not wearing anything! Very happy with them and recommend them, especially if you are a runner you feel like you are not dragging.", "me myself I enjoy a good pair of Nike SB, but just need to say  its quality is more of a canvas material with The Rainbow Connection stitching. Everyone has there own style I will have to say it would even be hard to match with any outfit. so unless you're into getting into citrus color i wouldnt recomened nice on price wise but that it.", "Absolutely perfect fit, color, quality and style. I love these. These were exactly what I wanted and came in 2 days. Delivery was super fast!!", "Love them. Just have more of a blue hint (versus silver) to them then i originally thought but I'll still make them work!", "My Daughter got these for getting good grades...You should have seen the smile on her face when they got here a day early...Thanks Cali Shoes.", "My 12 year old loves them. I wish they were not as pricey, since he will tear up any shoe up quickly. They fit well and last longer than most others we have tried.", "Great shoes!  Good quality and normal fit!", "Love them", "This shoe is great. It provides excellent support. The cushioning is not the best. But I knew this from reviews I saw before buying it but it's actually better than I expected.", "Great shoes. Didn't need much breaking in and work as well on the streets as they do on the court.", "The shoe was everything I expected from a Nike shoe. The fit was perfect and the color was true to its picture!", "These shoes look good, fit well, and seem to be well-constructed.  A bonus is that they come with 2 sets of matching laces:  durable leather thongs that are pretty stiff (when new...they should become more flexible with use...I HOPE!), and round nylon ones.", "I brought these for my son and he is very happy with the fit and style. Also the extra laces was good as he swapped then over.Thanks", "wow great color mix", "I put them on and they fit perfect.  These are the shoes I was waiting for and the ones I expected.  I intend to wear these shoes regularly.", "This was awesome!! It's just what I expected. Delivery was on time and the product itself was awesome! Thank you!", "I love this cleats and my son is extremely happy with them, hope in a couple of months they still look ok.Another great product from nike.", "The picture does not do these shoes justice. Very nice and quick shipping. More badass then I expected. There Jordans, what else do you expect lol.", "Was not as cute in person.", "I like the shoes because it's really easy to match with my clothes and I like the design and the colors.", "Shoe fits good but needs better, longer shoelaces. Def. buy your own laces.", "I normally wear size 12 US sneakers, and these Huarache Keystones fit almost perfectly in US 12. It is a bit roomier around the toes and the heel, but if I went to a 11.5 US size, it would be too tight. The soles feel a little stiffer than I expected, and the lugs are not replaceable. I bought these mainly for recreational slowpitch softball and kickball.Overall: 4/5 stars, could be a tad more flexible and breathable but is otherwise an excellent pair of cleats especially at this price point.", "Was very happy to be able to get the bigger size (XL) in these socks.  They were needed for a cancer awareness night and so many players have feet over a size 10!", "I'm walking on air, no only do they look good but they are very functional while I try and get back into shape!", "good support", "I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THESE SHOES. I TRIED THEM ON AT A STORE BUT I DIDN'T LIKE THE COLOR THEY HAD AND SO BEGAN MY SEARCH ON AMAZON BECAUSE I KNEW I JUST HAD TO HAVE THESE. THE FIT IS EXCELLENT WHICH MAKES THE RUN ALL THE MORE BETTER. if YOU LIKE MINIMUS SHOES. YOU WON'T GO WRONG WITH THESE.", "My daughter loves them. Personally, I don't like them, but I am not the one wearing them. This might be La Mode for teen girls at her school or something like that because I certainly would have picked something more girly. Oh, Well ! If she is happy then I am happy.", "I got these for my daughter, perfect fit. True to size.  They look better in person , than in the picture .  Its a great buy in my opinion. Very cute and fashionable!!!", "I bought these shoes mostly for indoor running (which is what I would definitely recommend them for).Some downsides - they fit a little small for an 8.5 and have the tendancy to pull my socks down.Upsides - very light, comfortable, nice coloring", "my wife loves it. She asked me for a sport shoe, i searched a lot and she is very happy with !!! She loves the cushion and the style !!!", "Very light and comfort.  I love it.", "It fits perfectly and it's very confortable. I'm going to use it to do my next marathon. In my opinion it's the best running shoes at the moment.", "shoe was great until it tore in to a bunch of pieces when i was just walking today with my dog", "17 year old son says they're awesome.  He's using them for training running & power-lifting. Wears a 10.5 and that's what we ordered and fit perfect.  We'll see how long the tread can take his hard working out.", "They were a gift but the feedback i got from my sister is all positive. She loves them. I would recommend these and would buy them again.", "These socks are well cushioned yet they do not retain moisture.  Thus, they are perfect for running or similar activities.", "Love these socks. I wish they were a little thinner only because I wear them to workout in. But overall they are great.", "are sandals that seven beautiful photo but the part where the foot comes are way too thick and very large", "Comfortable fit all around. I was sceptic at first, because previos lebron's look bulky. This one hss a sleek look along with it's good performance.", "very good slide , i love it a lot its a lebron james sandal its nice and comfortable , i recommended it", "They look oversized and ghetto. I don't care. I look cool.They are pretty comfortable, but if your feet get sweaty, it will get slippery and start stinking.", "They are great shoes , fit to size as expected. So happy with my purchase. I would recommend this product.", "These shoes are great, they are slip on sneakers which caught me off guard. They are comfy, lightweight and so cute. I get a lot of compliments on them bc of the great color and black soles. I will be buying a second pair soon, that's how much I love them. Also shipping was very fast from this seller.", "I bought 1/2 size larger and this shoe is perfect and very comfortable walking on my treadmill.", "The Quality of these Air Force 1's are better than any other pair I have owned. I'm satisfied with my purchase.", "Ordered an 8.5 (as always) seems like I could have def fit an 8. Not a big enough issue to return-really, a cute sneaker!", "Got them for the hubby- Arrived fast- packaged nice- he loves them- I love them- Fit perfectly and he is a size 12.  Love All KD's", "The weight and quality of these socks are good, but they squeezed my feet until my ankles swelled. The additional tab in the back  does help in putting them on.", "I'm impressed with the fit and comfort of this sock.  The compression around the arch holds the sock in place so that the toe of the sock doesn't bunch up.  The tab at the heel is at the right height to provide protection from rubbing.  I like the &#34;right/left&#34; designation/fit.  I've tried a lot of different dri/fit socks; these are the best.  In addition, they look good with my Nike 5.0's.", "The Nike Men's Solarsoft Moccasin White/Black Training Shoe was a nice surprise. I wasn't expecting them to feel so comfortable. They look good and they give you a little extra room at the toe area and they were a good price. I've only worn them once so I really can't give any opinions on their durability yet. But I'm sure these won't disappoint.", "I normally run in Asics Gel Nimbus 15, but have been on the search for another shoe to switch off with. I think I may have found it in these shoes. Awesome cushioning which is what I need. I ordered mine a half size up for running and to be able to insert a custom orthotic and they are perfect. If you don't need them for either of those, they run true to size. Shoes have great support as well.", "Great shoes. Great fit and great price!", "I love it. very great product, Now I can carry my equipment for tennis or when going to the gym. Shipping was very fast. I recommend this duffel bag it is very well made and good mark.", "Great kicks but the price should of being $120. love the color and can find anything to go with it.", "Sold out everyone and they had it in my size!! Came to my house BRAND NEW!!! My favorite Jordans ever!!", "good shoe very comfortable", "I'm early 30's, 170lbs and fairly active. I have narrow feet and I use these for Zumba 3 times a week and long walks in between. I usually wear Nike Shocks or Asics as they provide a lot of cushion.These shoes do NOT provide a lot of cushion/shock. When I first tried them on, I thought I wouldn't like them, BUT they have phenomenal arch support, WAY more than any other shoe I have ever worn, it's super high arch. Great for me, but for someone who doesn't have a high arch I could see it being highly uncomfortable.For me they are comfortable. They hold your foot snugly, fit true to size. I always wear a 9.5 and the 9.5 is perfect. Getting used to the high arch took maybe an hour and after that I hardly notice.They are very cute and pretty precisely as shown, style and color...very cute, but they do have more of a rounded toe unlike the familiar point with some other athletic shoes. Nothing bad about it, just an fyi...They could be softer, but for the price and the style I'm happy. Someone with regular width feet and a lower arch wouldn't be as happy...watch out for that!", "Most comfortable running shoes I've ever worn!  Fits my foot perfect!I have narrow feet - and these are great!", "I have multiple foot problems; heel spurs, arthritis, etc and these shoes feel so good on my feet and are so strong and offergreat support. Great fit, color and stylish!", "Love this shoes. They fit perfectly and are comfortable throughout my workouts. I like the wide sole around the heel and the slightly elevated heel. Great stability for lunges and squats.", "Shoe fit great was worth the wait to get them versus standing in line for them at the retail stores and the seller was excellent also", "I love KDs! They are light, clean easy, and affordable. These glow in the dark and helped channel my inner child.", "I took these out of the box, put them on my feet and spent five hours walking around a fair. There was virtually no break-in, they are comfy and a perfect weight (and they LOOK GREAT!). The traction is great as well. I am normally a 6.5, but that size was out so I took a chance with the 7 and they're prefect with a bit of ease and room.Definitely recommended!", "Love it color and design very comfortable shoe I'll recommend to a friend to go buy a pair this is a Dc tradition", "Fits great & no one but me has Em in school so I have &#34;shoe game&#34; is what people say", "This shoe was a birthday gift for my son. They are his favorite pair of shoes. We knew they ran small so we ordered a 1/2 size larger than his actual size for a perfect fit.  I indicated that the product fit somewhat small so others would know this.  Great shipping as always, great price for this premium shoe.", "I copped these the week of the release. They're definitely a sleeper shoe. How do I know? I almost slept. LOL! One of the best looking colorways to come out in the foams in a while.The volt really sets these off, and the subtle camo is really sick. These look great on feet, and I didn't have a break-in period like most foams. (great fit) My suggestion, cop 'em while they're still on shelves. They may just end up classics like the Dirty Coppers, Royals, or Crimsons. Hope this helped.", "There Jordans. If you have Jordans thats all i have to say. Jordans are always a pleasure to wear. Great support and comfort.", "Arrived when expected- Packaged nice- Fits perfect and hubby wears size 12!!  He loves them- I love them!! Love all KD!! Would defiantly recommend to a friend the show & seller!!", "Very nice and appealing shoe; son loves these kd's although size is too big!!! Would recommend brand and design to others however.", "The shoes fit perfect... My son who is 12 was very excited to finally get them...we love the colors!!! Got the shoes before the expected delivery date..yay!!!!", "I wear these shoes everyday and so far I'm loving it. It's the most comfortable shoe I've ever worn and will be my main shoe for a long time", "Very nice capries I have alot of colors in this brand.  Nice for working out in. Does not look like in the picture but they are very see threw.", "Very comfortable and anatomical. Just perfect I can wear it day and night and in either occasion always someone complements it. I'm happy with my purchase!", "I love this first sneakerboot i bought. Very comfortable, didnt have to break them in. The color is unique and high quality. I will buy more forsure.", "kinda pricey, but my son is happy", "Had to buy another pair cause someone stole the original pair, investigation still pending but i'm pretty sure one of my nephews lifted them from the garage. Air max 90s are Air max 90s. People know what they are getting and why they get them, i just love the all greys.", "I bought these and they are awesome.  Extremely comfortable and lots of support and the icing on the cake is they look phenomenal.  These are some of the coolest shoes I've ever owned.", "My son loved these shoes.  They were exactly what he wanted. They were very similar to another pair he had and grew out of.", "I bought these because they got good reviews from others and I wanted something light. So far I am happy with the design and fit. I haven't worn them enough yet to know for sure but they seem comfy right out of the box. The seller was great, got them the next day even though it said 5-7 days.", "Here is my youtube review on this. http://youtu.be/RRY7NGxtS5AThe shoe is designed to wear without socks. I wear them with socks so I ordered my usual size 7. If you plan to wear them without socks I would recommend 1/2 size smaller. They are really comfy! The insole comes out so you can clean it. The material is nice and breathable! They look amazing on too! I would buy these again and again!", "Light and breathable. I've both ran and done crossfit in them and they are a great shoe for either activity.", "These track pants by Nike fit true to size and are really nice. They are a working perfectly well for track esp when it si still so cold.", "these are very comfortable, reminds me of the first prestos. Even got complimented at the nike outlet on them. cool!!!", "love it really nice n fit perfect.... adjustable to fit the size 11 fit better than the 10 i bought.", "I love Nike shoes especially Air Force 1.... The colors in these shoes make them fun to wear with almost any color outfit!  And they fit perfectly.  Super comfy and always a great product from Nike.", "Very good", "Great looking wallet.  I bought it for my husband as a random I love you gift!  He is in love with anything nike so it was perfect for him.  The only thing we were not fond of was the fact that there was no pocket for cash, just a money clip.  It seems pretty sturdy but still kind nervous to just leave money hanging there.  Overall I would recommend!", "The wallet has a really nice look and texture. It is thin in my pocket and feels great. I am pleased with it. I like the money clip, but a pocket to put cash would be nice.", "High quality.  What do you expect?  It's genuine Nike pro training grade stuff.  Rumo ao hexa em 2018!", "I purchased as a graduation gift for my son and because he is a big fan of Portugal national team. He absolutely loves it. Great qualify and fast delivery as promised as it was for a gift.", "All ok", "I love love love the Nike Flex Motion Womens Thong Sandals.  I got mine in Turquoise and they are simply stylin'!  It pays to shop around for best price.  I love the Flex Motion so much, I think I will try some of their other sandals.  I love Nike shoes but this is the first sandal I've tried.  I've even used the Nike website to customize your own shoe the way you want it.  Nike is so innovative.  Just Do It!", "great design and cuality", "Bought these for my son, because they actually match his high-school colors.He loves them, says they are really cool.It also turned out that his friends say these are pretty rare, and everyone likes them !", "Great shoes. Give them a couple days to break in, fitting like a glove now. Now I need some in every color.", "These shoes are very good quality and super cool looking.  I bought them for my son because he got a hole in his New Balance shoes (also a size two).  I just ordered the same size, but these were considerably larger.  Not sure which brand is off since they are both size two, but different.  Anyway, the shoes were great, but they were too large.", "My second pair,is a good as the first, very comforting to be able to stick with this style since I work in them on a cement floor. Let's just call them foot candy&#34;", "nice!  I'm kind of a sneaker freaker, love Nike and was really happy with my recent purchase of these Lunar Forever 3 shoes.  These guys fit true to size.  They're not as lightweight as some of the Nike Free models, but still not super heavy.  I wear mine to the gym, out to the soccer fields and just kind of around, so I can't comment on how they would hold up as running shoes.  They do seem very sturdy and well made though.My only negative is that they seem very well padded, maybe more than I would like.  Just a personal preference of mine, and worth noting if you're wearing these with socks like I assume most people are.I got the platinum/venom green/blue pair which are really cool looking.  I would definitely consider getting another pair of these!", "Color is a bit misleading.. It's more of...pink", "I love these shoes I only got then because of the blue diamonds but I love them even more. Amazing shoes", "This is my second pair of footscapes I love them, if you want to get noticed wear a pair of these most people have never seen them before, I'm going to start collecting them now.", "If you are looking for a light set of cleats these are the way to go. I'm not a huge fan of the really low ankle cuts but thats how a long of the cleats are these days. As far as quality though, they are good. However, because these cleats are so light in terms of color (not weight), they get dirty really fast if you play on turf. If that's a huge problem for you, I would recommend getting darker colored cleats. Otherwise these are a good buy. Other caveat though: you might find these cleats cheaper or on sale on sites like sports authority so do your research to find the best price.", "I bought these shoes specifically for lifting weights (squats, deadlifts, etc) and cross training like the elliptical or bike I do on weights days. They're perfect for that purpose. They're very thin and allow you to feel the floor and put all your force into lifting (unlike my running shoes, which are very padded and absorb some of the force). These are great for cross training and lifting but if you're doing a lot of high-impact activity they probably won't have enough padding.", "These sneakers are so cute and very lightweight. I really like the color combo and pattern. Happy with my purchase!", "Great pair of socks. Love them", "perfect great quality", "I have this skirt in charcoal. I bought it at Kohls in the swimwear section a couple years ago. It works amazing a swim bottom. Covers everything I need it to cover and has lasted 3 + years of use with no signs of wearing out. Its comfy and I feel good every time I put it on. Whether you want this for swimwear or for athletic wear its awesome. best purchase ive ever made as far as swim wear goes.", "I love vomero. I've been using from 6 to 7. This new style is so comfy much better than 7 and 6. I have high arches and I tend underpronate. I wear them with my custom orthotics and without them. The color looks so great and modern.", "I was looking for something social to my Nike Moto 9's and everyone was recommending these. I tried them on at a certain sporting goods store and immediately liked them. It was only a matter of finding the right color.", "Great shoes with great cushions and offer a light weight glove like feel that really makes the run more enjoyable", "Good shoe, arrived on time and as expected.  Great improvement over previous years Vomero's.  Did not like the other color choices, wish there were more options.", "I imagine clouds must only be slightly more comfortable. Fit was perfect and seriously, these shoes are super comfortable, and supportive. I under pronate a lot and these have been great for giving me that extra support while being cushy. Buy them!", "Fits perfect like my previous Vomero 8, the trick is always get it half a size more than normal shoes...", "I wore this shoe for the lst time today and there's no break-in time. It's so comfortable for walking miles and miles and miles. It fits like a glove with cushioning for comfort as well as a lug-type bottom for rocky terrain.  My fave shoe was Nike Kyotee trail shoe which they don't make anymore but this is a great find to replace it!I wear a 7m and this fit true to size.", "The fit well and the pockets are okay; I wish these would come in a shorter inseam.  The price on these just jumped so I'm glad I bought mine when I did.", "Bought for m husband. He loves them. He's a 36/32 and they fit perfect. The material is really nice. This is a must buy in my book.", "Love these shoes! The recommendation was to size up by half a size, so I did and they fit perfect.", "Shoes are very comfortable and although I didn't think they would be supportive, they definitely are.  Great shoe for cross training and light running.", "I want them in mor&eacute; colors, they are so soft and confi, they look exactly like the picture. Really nice i am very happy", "Great fit, great look, and very comfortable! This was my first pair of fly knits and since I have a pretty healthy shoe addiction, I'm sure I'll be getting them in many colors. :) Love these shoes!", "These are great! They are meant to be worn without socks but I still wear those footie socks because I don't want my feet to stink. They run small-I usually wear a size 9 and had to get a 9.5 (another Free 5.0+ style I had to get a 10)! I love the way they look also.", "Love these  - So comfortable - bought this pair and the Infrareds!  Was looking for a replacement of the Raptor 7's I wore years ago", "Everything I was expecting. Authentic and brand new. Very impressed, except it was too big. Other size 9 fits perfect except this one", "Nice shoes", "Shame on you for selling these for $155. These retail for 89.99. It might be a good shoe I dont know, but this is price gouging.", "This product deserves 5 stars, shoes were great just as I expected. They are great for running.  The item arrivedfast and boxed perfectly.  I will purchase this way again.  It was better than driving to the store and parking the carand walking into a crowded mall!  This type of sneaker is very hard to find Im glad I found these.5 stars!!!!", "Further 125th year of &#34;football&#34; the Netherlands have turned class and tradition into an art form. Just as they have done for centuries on the pitch. The blue fades from a light blue on top to a dark blue representing the waters of the North Sea that border its edge, the famous orange that they have come to symbolize the royalty, the years 1889 -- 2014 and embroidered lion are classic. The neckline is tight but not choking, it covers up a necklace which is nice but is so perfectly fitted that you barely even know that you have the shirt on and tell somebody compliments you on how beautiful it is.The shirt fits wonderfully. I have tried on &#34;XL&#34; from Nike and Adidas teams to get a feel for how they run and as an authentic jersey, this is perfect. Not too tight, not too large, doesn't taper down to a size 30 inch waist and the Nike classic &#34;dri fit&#34; makes a fantastic ton wear on a summer day, Or play around on the field. All in all I am extremely pleased and feel like this is the best &#34;kit&#34; out of all 32 teams in the 2014 World Cup.The only caveat that I would tell somebody is don't expect it to be as bright blue that you see on pictures that are obviously done with super bright lighting or even Photoshop to appear light. It is a deep blue on the shoulders but not a dark blue. And the chevron faded lines are noticeable outside in the daylight but less noticeable obviously in the dark. I couldn't be happier and less RVP signed on the back. And if wearing it brings the &#34;oranje&#34; The Cup they have been looking for but denied even better.", "Love it!!!", "Great quality and a great way to celebrate the Netherlands 2014 FIFA national team.", "excellent build, offers good stability of foot, nice cushioning", "Shoes seemed high quality but didn't fit my wide feet. Research suggested they were good for wide feet, but not so much mine. Hurt my feet more than any shoe I can recall.", "Purchase this as a gift, they loved the colors, all day comfortable fit and worth the money. This would be a great for your significant other, teenage son, young and old alike.", "very nice, better than expected, super good size, very good supplier", "Great shoes..comfortable and fit to size. I used to have an And1 shoes with low cut no ankle support for 10 years. Had to wear an ankle support every time I play basketball. Now with its support and design, I don't have to. Position as a small and power forward, its comfortable to run with and jump for rebounds. The only thing that i had an issue with was with the heel section. Heel tends to hurt after a couple of games. Since the shoes is still new, I guess, need to break in first after a couple of games. Overall, a great shoe just needs break in..", "Im very happy with this shoe. It was authentic, fits true to size, and is made with high quality materials in my opinion.", "Bought these for my son and it was worth the money, he loves them perfect fit with just a lil space for him to grown into. Now I need a pair lol", "Sexy fits perfect looks just like pic comfy", "Every thing was good,  from the date they said I may receive it ,to how it look and it fit well with length with two exception.The width was a slight squeeze at first but  after wearing it for an hour I got a eased up. The second was in the left shoe only where the tongue was stich with a bump on the inside which rubs on my instep everytime my toes bend in walking so after am hour or more I start to feel the pain in that spot . other than that every thing else was good just hope after a few more days wearing it for days that problem should stop.  If not I just have to pull out the inner soul to get room at the top.", "Great comfortable Shoes !!!! Would recomend them to anyone looking for a great pair of shoes...Plus I will be buying more ,,,", "My husband loves them.  Great shoe.  Fits perfectly and the price is so great compared to buying them in a store.", "I own several pair and have purchased this shoe for more than 10 years.", "I really like my shoes. These look nice and fit well. I would and expect to order again..", "If your looking for a great workout shoe or something just to wear and feel comfortable on tour feet , then this is the shoe for you. I've had this pair of shoes for 3 weeks now and I love them. I'm going to buy myself another pair very soon.", "Good product air max is awesome!!!", "Good fit, very comfortable!", "Love them", "Love these- the fit is perfect and they are so comfortable. Nike+ comes through for me again - no surprises there!", "My husband is a picky shoe guy and really seems to like how they feel and I'm satisfied with how they look.", "Great looking sneakers!", "I love these shoes. No question about it, some of the best money I spent on footwear. They did not have black on Amazon, so i opted to buy them in store. Very comfortable (much like the crossfit, I think that is the name of the running shoe?) and has a good amount of support. More comfortable than my Toms actually.Highly recommend if you can score them at a good price, although Nikes will run high.", "I bought these for my shoes for my 63-year old step-dad and he loves them! Says they are super comfortable, fit true to size and are cool. The pattern on the main part of the shoe is really cool too as it's very subtle. These are great shoes and give you the best of both worlds on the sole...Free and Air.Can't go wrong with these!", "Not red kinda a orange is red but the color is amazing ... the bright snd fit perfectly.. just whati wanted... they shipped fast", "Just Got the shoes today which is the 19th of July I ordered them 2 days ago, So handling business excellent . The shoes fits true to size very comfortable and light weight. All around good shoe came with original box no dust no dirt .Thanks for the good customer service will recommend you guys .", "Great shoes and our son believes that they are the most comfortable shoes he has worn. The shoes fit perfectly!", "My Grand-son loved these shoes.", "I love the color, love the fit, love everything about them! Glad I brought the shoes", "Was exactly as I expected. Great support where needed. Very light weight. Colors are perfect. I would recommend these to anyone.", "These are great shoes. This is the 6th pair I have owned and enjoy the support system. I wore them the other day and got more comments than any other Sdfhox Turbo shoe I have owned. The color combination is as good as the quality.", "I bought these shoes based strictly on their color.  Being a an Ohio State fan I was looking for shoes that were scarlet and gray in color and these seem to fit the bill.  I was amazed at how comfortable and light they are.  I bought my regular size and they fit perfectly.  All of my friends have given me positive comments and I'm very happy with my purchase.", "Very conformable and fit for purpose", "this shoes are confortable, soft with a low weight, perfect for running or training.", "perfect fitting", "it was confortable and looks so cool :)", "it is by far the most comfortable running shoe i have worn. It fits well and provided the comfort needed.", "Love this shoe! Most comfortable shoes I have had in a long time! I would recommend them to everyone if I could!", "I absolutely love these shoes - they are comfortable and flexible for my high intensity interval training activities, and also for elliptical use and walking....... I don't typically run so I can't say whether or not they are good for that ( I would guess yes though).  This is the 2nd pair of Nike Free shoes I have ordered through Amazon and I absolutely love them...... I get tons of compliments on them as well from strangers!!  I will definitely order again when I need replacements!", "Nice sneaker, fits tight should have order one size bigger, nice, color is cool and feels great. Nice buy real nice.", "Receive it in excellent condition.  Size it perfect.  Everything I expected", "It's different, light and great quality. To the laces , material and digital camo print is perfect. I plan to buy another pair in different color.", "The shoes seem fine. As with most Nike products this style runs small. They do not have a tongue so they are snug getting on. The color and appearance are great.", "It fit perfect..The inside of the shoes relax and comfort your, which is the style of shoes I like..", "Very comfortable! I enjoy using it as often as I can. Great for leisure walking and is not an eyesore.", "After having them for well over a month. These shoes are comfortable and stylish at the same time. Arrived on time and have not disappointed.", "Fits great looks great", "Good & nice shoes.. I love it.But the size is too large for me, think I have to buy more one :D", "Love the look and the price.  Fits like a glove.  Very outstanding sneaker.  The colors just pop and are vivid.  Will buy more colors.", "all ok. excellent.", "Very comfortable shoe, great fitting, and very light weight", "Very, very, very well. I Liked it!", "They fit like a glove and need no peds with them. I get compliments every wear I go! I walked into Lulu Lemon store and the girls went nuts, wanted to know where I got them.....", "I went from an Air Max shoe to these because the air popped in the air max shoe.  Can't believe how comfortable and how well these fit!  Kind of hard to keep clean but they do clean up good.  Seem to match everything!  Very cool, comfortable shoe!", "I wear US7.5-38.5 EU,24.5cm in almost all Nike brand shoes,this fits perfectly,it is light and ultra comfortable with cushioning system,the colour is as same as it is shown on the photo.I think I am going to order another pair of flyknit.", "Highly recommended.. This was my first online shoe purchase and I got what I expected.Thank you,Good thoughtsDrew 'N' Me", "I originally bought these socks at a shoe store because I needed socks to try on sneakers.  They instantly became my favorite.  Now I search high and low to find them.  The tabs help cushion the achilles, they stay put, are vented on top and are food specific.", "MY SNEAKERS JUST ARRIVED&#8230;THEY LOOK GREAT. THE FIT IS A BIT SNUG BECAUSE THEY ARE A BIT NARROW. I REMOVED THE CUSHIONED INSOLE AND IT ALLOWS A LITTLE MORE WIGGLE ROOM. THIS IS NOT A PROBLEM FOR ME BECAUSE I LIVE IN FLORIDA AND DON'T LIKE TO WEAR SOCKS AND I LIKE THE FEELING OF WALKING BAREFOOT. AS WITH ALL MY NIKES&#8230;AFTER A FEW WEEKS OF WEARING THEM WITHOUT THE INSOLE THEY GET NICE AND STRETCHED OUT AND WHEN I PUT THE INSOLES BACK IN THE FIT IS PERFECT! THE COLORS ARE A SPOT ON MATCH&#8230;LOVE 'EM &#60;3", "I have been a fan of Nike Air Force 1's for a very long time and I finally found a place where I can get several pairs. They ship very fast and the shoes are clean and new as advertised. Definitely a great Amazon vendor!", "These shoes are exactly as described. They came sooner than expected in perfect packaging. They get four stars though because they were 70.00 more then the price in Finish Line and other stores that carry this shoe, however I couldn't find this color in stores.", "Son loved these shoes. He received them in such a timely manner. Thank you so much!", "beautiful sneaker,fits as expected.My son is loving every moment of wearing this sneaker.", "Hot running shoe, I really like the color and fit.  I would probably get another pair.  Offers very good support", "The box was smashed, taped up with masking tape and full of bird shit but the shoes were good", "Lovely!!", "size 12 more like size 10", "This is great for working out and hot summer days. You feel like you are wearing nothing!! Washes & dries so easily. However, Amazon, U R charging nearly 2X's Nike's price!!!!  $85!!!!!  Yikes!!! And Nike products aren't cheap.", "Every thing was great, ,, the size was fit excellent colour and very comfortable .", "These shoes fit well, my son likes the color.", "This outfit is true to size. Great fit.  Ordered the size I normally do. I bought for my granddaughter.  She loves it and looks so cute.", "was great", "it s owesome. the price is to much for me", "Excellent shoe! It's just what I was looking for!  I've been trying to get these shoes for a while, and I managed to get them 2 days before my birthday!", "Cool sneaker worth it", "Very nice!!!!", "I Brought these for my son and he is very happy with them and the free gift that came along with them.  Thank you!  The picture does not show the true vibrant color of these sneakers.  In person they are very nice.", "Very cute shirt", "These things look amazing but they're incredibly narrow. I'm a size 13, and I have a narrow/average foot. I couldn't even fit my foot into the shoe.", "Looks good. Feels good. Fits good. Great Buy...will continue to buy me more slippers from here for sure! Well worth it!!", "Beautiful sneaker boots. Weather resistant is a great touch. Colors are bright and vibrant. Do go up a half size. I wear 8.5 normally needed a 9", "I ordered these and got a size to small other than that perfect great recommended it was my mistake though not the sellers", "The shoes are Great, I never buy Shox due to them being too narrow and I got wide feet. These shoes fit great and feel awesome. They are more orange than red though but it didn't really bother me.", "love it", "They fit perfect and the are really light", "The product was shipped in record speed! I love these sneakers! The look and feel are awesome. I was skeptical when I made the purchase being as though some shoes require a larger or smaller size. I am a size 8 and these fit perfectly. I will definitely look to order again from this seller.", "Love it !"]