["By far, the best pair of shoes I've ever owned. Well, you only need to know that their size is normally smaller than normal. You may need to order them bigger in size than you would normally do, e.g, your size is 12, get them 12.5. Anyways, I've been trying to shop for them Worldwide, but I failed to find them. I'd love to buy them in all colors!", "I received these shoes last week. Aside from the usual break in period (stiffness), these shoes didn't take long to soften up.  My heels usually take a beating when I walk the golf course.  After my first round of golf wearing these shoes, my heels felt fine and no pain in the usual areas.", "a good looking shoe but not to be recommended to buy unseen and untried. For the size on the shoe, it is SMALL and therefore a v tight fit. I would not buy this brand again via the internet", "Very nice and comfortable golf shoes!! This was the only place I could find these to fit me. Will look again if I ever need any.", "I bought this shoe for my husband who is normally a 10 1/2 so I got him an 11 just to be safe and they were still kinda tight so my advice is this shoe runs just a bit smaller especially if u have a wider foot", "These shoes lived up to my hopes after seeing the pictures on Amazon. The leather could be a little higher quality, it does have a slightly fake quality to it. I would pay a lot more for shoes that had this exact styling, but upgraded leather. All in all, they are a good value and look excellent. I've only worn them 15 times or so, but they still look great and are very comfortable.", "I purchased these as a gift for my son.  He loved them.  They fit well, he thought they were well made and would hold up in the rain and he loved the style", "These wee bought in May, 2012.I have trouble finding golf shoes in my size 13 - wide.  These arrived promptly and were a hit as soon as I put them on.  Since I mostly walk the golf courses I was concerned about how soon they would begin to leak.  I play 3 times a week and they are still dry after 9 months of playing.  They are light, easy to keep clean and the spikes are holding up very well.  My only complaint is that the laces come loose if not tied extremely tight.  Since they are nylon and skinny, I will replace them eventually with thicker ones.Update 8/20/2013:  After 15 months of year round play, they are leaking.  I can't complain too much since they got me through 100+ rounds.  I would order these again.", "They fit, they are fairly priced, the quality is great, they work like a charm, they have interchangeable (non-metallic) spikes, and they are EXTREMELY comfortable. Most golf shoes I've work (mostly Lovejoys), are not exactly comfortable, especially when playing from the tips walking a 7000 yard course, but these bad boys give you the comfortability as well as the utility in an overall great pair of golf shoes.Bottom line: been playing nearly 15 years, gone through over a dozen shoes, and these are it - and for the price I KNOW you won't beat it. Buy now.", "I have a wide foot so buying shoes over the internet is always a risk for me. These fit very nicely and are a comfortable shoe. My only complaint is that I seam to loose spikes on them  regularly. I have back up spikes so I just replace them but I shouldn't have to as often as I do.  Can't say that they improved my game but they didn't hurt it.Good buy.", "GREAT GOLF SHOES LOVE THEM A A A A A A A A A A A  A A A A+", "This item was a birthday gift for my husband. He loves them! He said they were about the most comfortable golf shoe he had ever wore and even after 18 holes of golf, his feet felt great! Thank you!", "This product was exactly what I expected. The fit is comfortable and I would recommend this product to occasional golfers.", "My husband liked the colors of these shoes, but the width was wrong. Did not have this shoe in a 7 wide, so I ordered him a B width. He said they hurt his feet. Took them to a shoe repair shop and had them stretched twice. Didn't help. Giving them to the Goodwill. It was too late to have them sent back.", "The shoes look good and comfortable. I have worn them for about half a dozen times now. The size is right because I have another Nike Air, so I just ordered the same size as my other Nike Air. The price is right. This is my first pair of golf shoes so I don't want to break the bank.The shipping was slow, though. I purchased it from Amazon. I had to call Amazon's customer service 1 week after I placed the order in order to find out why the item has not been shipped yet. After my call, the item was shipped the next day. I was disappointed with Amazon that the item was not shipped right away. It took about a week to start shipping even though the item was in stock in Amazon's warehouse. It took about 2 weeks to get the item.", "Very nice look & feel to the shoe. Soft comfortable sole. Now if only my swing would feel as comfortable as my feet felt during my tournament.", "As comfortable if nor more than foot joy dryjoys. Have played a few rounds no issues.  Might have to take time to remove cleats to verify they are standard one twist", "The shoes are very comfortable and fit good.The \"rope\" type laces are hard to keep tied tight.  I am going to buy some regular laces.", "I was looking at more expensive shoes but thought I would give these a try. Great for a second pair of golf shoes and nice for the price.", "shoes got to my house earlier than expected. only had the chance to use them once but it was on a wet course and never lost my footing and are more comfortable than some tennis shoes i have owned in the past.", "Great looking and really good feeling shoes.  They are stable and comfortable.  It's like playing in sneakers with the look of playing in tour shoes.", "Just started playing golf, and I'm getting a little more serious about, so I wanted to pick up a pair of shoes for golfing. I'm in my 20's, so I wanted something a little more modern for a golf show design, and Nike pretty much hit the nail on the head with this one. Its modern enough, but still classy. The shoes are pretty comfortable, and I was able to get pretty much the same size I wear for street shoes.I must have used them 3 or 4 times (got them at the end of my season), and overall, I was pretty happy with them!", "Very satisfied with the performance of the shoe in the field. Great fit, stability, and support when you need it. an excellent everyday golf shoe for all sportsters who swing the iron.", "The shoes fit perfect. I love them glad I didnt pay attention to the comments about them being to narrow.", "The order arrived on time and in good shape. The shoes look good(construction, etc). The problem is fit. I ordered 91/2w and the shoes were actually narrow. Unable to wear them and returned to company.", "Great fit your just have to buy a 1/2 size higher. The shoe very comfortable and grips well....its truly an all weather shoe and its cleans easily.", "comfortable low profile shoes that are great for holing you to the ground. Like the feel and certainly the price. Would recommend to golfers who don't want to spend a lot of $$, but want a nice shoe", "Shoes do not fit like traditional Nike golf shoes... almost felt defective.  Ended up giving them away because they were so uncomfortable the first time I wore them on the field.  Would not recommend.", "I purchased these as a surprise for my boyfriend and he loves them. Says they are very comfy and have even improved his golf. The smile on his face when he opened them was worth all 5 stars!!", "Fast Shipping and was excellent deal.  So far I have only worn it once, and it felt great.  Didn't help the golf game though.  I do recommend this purchase.", "Great shoes for an excellent price.  The fit was perfect and the swoop was a bit darker than expected but in a good way.", "Great shoes and my grandson loves them and will help him with his golf.  He now no longer uses my shoes.", "They are confortable to wear and are of quality construction. They haven't helped my golf game though! I guess shoes aren't my problem!", "shoes fit great. exact color I wanted and it helped my golf game a lot and helped me drive 320 yards the other day", "I only did standard shipping.  I ordered on May 1 and they got to the house May 3rd.  It&#8217;s a Nike Golf shoe can&#8217;t go wrong and the price was good.  I think they may run about a half size small.  I don&#8217;t care I will stretch them out.  I am not a huge golfer this is more for work functions.", "Very pleased with how easy it was.  Purchase arrived in a very timely fashion...shoes fit very well cant wait to use them this spring.", "Made out of cheap material in an effort to keep weight/cost down. No natural place for the upper to bend when you step. I wouldn't recommend these shoes.The spikes are good, and the shoes look great though", "After finally learning that Nike shoes are always smaller than the listed size, I ordered 1/2 size larger than normal.  They are the most como9frtable golf shoes I have ever owned!!", "Excelente producto, muy bonitos y comodos, los acabados y la presentaci&oacute;n son excelentes, los recomiendo 100% . . . .", "Best shoes I have ever owned.  They look amazing!! And, they feel and fit perfectly.  I would buy again and again.", "Excellent Shoes, very comfortable and nice. This case is wide and smooth when you are walking with tem. Really recommended", "Good quality shoe that fit as expected. Shoe was purchased for my father and he loved the look and style of the shoe", "These fit perfect and no break in period. I'm very happy with the comfort and looks of this shoe. The water repellant feature works very well as I have played in wet conditions and stayed dry each time.", "I think it is a great golf shoe. comfortable and very functional, it does it's job. Hower, I am glad I read the reviews and got it a 1/2 size bigger (11.5 vs 11)...As it is it fits perfectly. The price is very good too. I think it is one of the better deals on golf shoes out there...", "Nike Men's Air Rival Golf Shoe is the perfect shoe. It fit well and is very comfortable. I have not had a chance to play in them since I am currently in Upstate NY. But I would recommend this shoe to anybody. Just make sure you buy a 1/2 size bigger.", "I purchased these for my husband, a new golfer. He says they are comfortable, and they look really sharp! These make a great gift or purchase for the younger 20somthing or 30something guy who does not want to look out of place with more \"distinguished\" looking golf shoes!", "I order the Nike Golf Men's Air Rival Golf Shoe. What I got was the one that looks like the one in your advertising. Even though, that I did not get the right shoes, I am still good with what I got. Both shoes look very much alike, but I also like the ones I got. They fit me well and i think I won't have any issues with them. I got the shoes within 3 day's which was great. If I had to do it again, I would. Thanks, hopefully I will be making more purchases with you again.", "I'm a total amateur that's starting to understand the way the game is played, instead of just swinging a club on the golf course. I wanted to buy some shoes, and these are perfect for someone like me. Good grip, great quality, stylish to boot! I would highly recommend it also because it has options for wider sizes for someone with great big duck feet like me!", "Very nice shoes.  Might want to size up .5 your normal size.  Plenty of comments about them on the league I play on and walking in the shoes out of the box did not hurt my feet.  They are comforable and I can't wait until they are \"broke in\".", "For the money these shoes are the way to go!  Great fit, true to size for me (size 12), and very comfortable.  After 18 my feet feel great!", "These shoes were very stiff when I first got them but they broke in quickly.Good pair to play in.", "Sent wrong color shoes. Sent white when I ordered black but I had to use them anyway because of time. Not very happy. Shoes are good quality though", "Purchased this as a Christmas gift for my cousin as he just started picking up golf as a sport. The package arrived on time and the shoes were the kind my cousin was looking for.", "It is better than I thought.Size and design is good.It has air cushion.when I play a golf in long time, I think it is good.", "Very please with my recent purchase of these Nike Golf Shoes.  So far they seem to be holding up well.  Haven't hit the course with them yet but hit the driving range and they are definitely comfortable. Would recommend for the price.", "The shoes arrived just in time for a scheduled round of golf. The shoes were very comfortable and did not require any breaking in. They have a very good grip on the tee boxes without feeling like you're going to rip your ankle off when you pivot. I am very happy with my purchase.", "Just about right for the price and actually it is exaclty what I was looking for, fits perfectly, great for the field and great looking as well. Thank you very much.", "So glad I bought these. They are extremely comfortable and worth the price which is reasonable. Shipped quick and the shoes look great and fit well. Awesome golf shoes!", "These shoes turned out to be a very pleasant surprise.  Excellent fit and comfort with everything you would expect from a Nike product.", "They were a bit stiff at first but once they got broke in they are very comfortable.  Recommend breaking them.in before taking them out on the course.", "The shoes look great and the process was smooth and eazy. I recommend the buyer look closely at the size of online shoes and know what will fit your foot and in what brands. Nike usually run narrow, but this time the wide shoe make me feel kind of awkward. I will still see you on the green with them!!", "I had a pair just like this for like 10 years, but got sick of gluing the bottom back on. Granted I don't think golf shoes are supposed to last that long, and I play golf 40+ times a year usually. Anyway, these were the ones that looked as similar to the last ones I had, so I bought them. And I am very happy I did. I've tried other shoes, but they just don't have the comfort that the Nike ones seem to have. I do think a lot of it is that I wear size 15... So my options aren't as plentiful as most. Anyway, these shoes are extremely comfortable, and grip really well, and I really like the way they look. There is almost no way of me getting any golf shoe that isn't Nike ever again. These are as comfortable as my every day shoes, with exactly the performance and grip I expect out of my golf shoes. I strongly recommend these.", "The appearance of these shoes is really nice. They look great like most Nike shoes do. But you better hope to be playing on real dry grass. The smallest amount of moisture and your feet are soaked. Very disappointed cause I really liked these shoes but you may as well be barefoot with how wet they get. Must be because they are synthetic leather. Look for shoes that are genuine leather and say water proof.", "I find these shoes superior to another pair of Nike' golf shoes I previously owned.  They fit well and are very comfortable.  I have really enjoyed them.", "I knew the second I took them out of the box that they were too narrow, and looked a bit too short as well ( I wear a 14).  Once I tried them on (with dress socks) and struggled mightily, I knew golf socks would not work, and they were simply too small in every way to play.  I would plan on them being this way for you as well and either order a bigger size and width, or get another shoe.", "THESE FIT PERFECT AND LOOK AWESOME, THEY ARE COMFORTABLE ON MY FEET AND AN EXCELLENT SHOE FOR GOLF, AND THEY LOOK GOOD TOO.", "I have had these shoes for 3 months now and am really pleased with them!!! They are so comfortable and keep my feet dry during wet conditions. Highly recommend them!! Excellent price!!", "Previoulsy, i had one of those classic golf shoes that i liked very much. But since it was very old, i decided to try out one of the new golf shoes that look like a cross training shoes. It was the best thing i did ffor my game since i started. The shoes are very durable yet flexible. They feel very comfortable. I really like & recommend those shoes for all golfers who want to look & play a good game", "I had to return the shoes after wearing them just two times, because they did not live up to the water proof waranty.", "They copied off of Kobe's  shoes. The nike zoom atteroes on the other hand it has really good ankle support.The shoes foam will rip if it skidded.", "Like many things I shop for on Amazon, I was looking for a pair of basketball shoes that were a good value.  For $63 shipped, I found that with theses Nike ZOOM ATTERO basketball shoes.I've worn them one time so far.  The cushioning was good and I felt they breathed pretty well.  I was impressed that my feet weren't that sorry the morning after even though I played in them for an hour and a half the first time wearing them.  The toe box provides more room than I'm accustom to from a basketball show.  That isn't a bad thing.There are so many models of basketball shoes out there these days.  I wanted a quality pair for under $100 and these have delivered.  There are also some cool colorways but this one was the cheapest.", "amazing fit and it is so comfortable! didn't try this on before so i chose my side and it is true to fit.", "they was right on the money with this one, everything was what they said about the shoes  in size, ect.", "I bought 2.  But  two pair both Left and right looks some different.So sad. T.Tbut very comfort. and real leather stuff.", "This is the best shoe I have ever had. It's great looking, and wears like iron. Like you I have had many shoes, but this shoe is my pick.  You won't be sorry if you get a pair.", "I purchased the Nike Womens VXT Cross Trainer Shoes, which are identical, with the exception of the changes in the sizing chart. I purchased them  from a local retailer for everyday use and for wearing at work. They fit well but are a bit 'bulky' looking. By bulky, I mean to say they are wide/thick and it makes them look weird with shorts. They are more of a basketball type shoe. They do look great with blue jeans since the jeans cover up the bulkiness of the back and sides of the shoe.I do like the leather as it is easy to clean and water/stain resistant. So far, after 3 months they are wearing very well. They look great with jeans and I love the simply white with the silver swoosh.", "Shoes arrived clean and laced up, ready to go!  They were in excellent condition from the box.  They are very comfortable to wear.", "I've boughten and gone through two pair of these in a row. I haven't found any that I like the style, fit, or feel, better! Nike ... please bring these back into production!!!!!", "These shoes look really nice and are very comfortable to wear. I was in need of new shoes when i bought these awhile back, and I love them. I always buy Nike shoes anyways. They always perform very well. They also last along time. My last pair of Nike shoes were 5 years old before the bottoms started falling off. And i wore them EVERY DAY.Now these pair of shoes are my everyday shoes and ill see how long these ones last. But so fare they are still going strong and are supper comfortable.", "Very pretty smart and tough, I hope to continue shopping at amazon, I love the Nike brand, are very nice and comfortable, but not the device inlucye orange. be added. Stylish and quality thanks.", "My lady got these as a gift.  I really like these shoes. I will drop hints about another pair I like.", "I was very impressed by these shoes. They fit my daughter's feet perfectly, nice color, great feeling when she walks or run. The price was right and they are very easy to put on in the morning before school.", "muy buena la presentaciony la talla pedida si inconvenietes un buen envio tal como lo que vi en la foto", "If you're an air max fan, I recommend these ones. I love my old air max's and it was time for a new pair. Very pleased with the product. Comfortable and lightweight.", "These shoes are super comfy. I recommend these over &#34;shape ups&#34; any day. The color scheme is great as well as the material these are made from.", "The Monarch lll is the best tennis shoe I've owned.  I wish I would have thought to purchase several pair years back.  I purchased the last pair to be found via the Internet.  There is size a 61/2 at a store in Texas.The Monarch lV is a huge dissapointment; to say the least.If anyone knows where I can purchase the Nike Air Monarch lll in size 10, medium -C- width, please let me know.Grazzi", "Cute for spring and comfortable. Like with all my tennis shoes I buy 1/2 size up! Love them so! Yay!", "Liked these, but they ran at least half a size too large.  I would have reordered in my size, however they are pretty stiff.  I was surprised because I know this sneaker is pretty popular.  I was looking for more of a comfort fashion sneaker...tough search.", "Although I'm rarely a fan of Nike, I bought this pair to try it out and i absolutely liked it. Very suitable for causal wear, but I'm not sure how good of a running pair this one is. I got the dark grey color with florescent green stripes.Overall very cool pair", "i love this shoes  great price good quality", "I ordered this just before my last Europe trip. I ordered it last minute and arrived at time and fits well. However one of the lace loops ripped on the third day of wearing (even before walking 10 miles........oh no after 5000 miles...I was wearing it in the plane). Fortunately my friend there had an extra pair of sneakers which fitted my foot well. Immediately after returning from my trip I sent them back and got the refund in two days. This one star is for their order handling and easy return procedure.", "Because the look and feel of the sneakers are awesome. It's a perfect fit and it has support for my feet", "I bought these as a gift, and they were awesome. they came in a nike box and everything so you would have never guessed that i bought them on amazon. it was cool!", "I got these shoes for everyday use. They fit good the only thing is they are a little narrow. These shoes are very well made", "I'm a big fan of nike's so I figured these sneakers would be good. I bought these sneakers to wear on the days I do clinical for nursing school. I was satisfied they came earlier then expected and they were very comfortable.  Only problem is that I thought the sneaker was going to be only black and white but it actually blue and white. I didn't pay attention to the fact that the color said obsidian I was only looking at the actual sneaker. All in all the sneaker is very comfortable and they will match very well with my nursing school uniform.", "I bought these for my son and he loves them.  He said that that r very comfortable.  He said he wears them all the time.  He said that they look great.", "Absolutly great shoe, I was having a lot of calf issues and not being able to run distances without my legs hurting after I purchased the Reebok Ziglite. These shoes were amazing, seeing as how I am in the military and am running daily this is a good solid shoe with just the support needed to get a good run in.", "love these shoes use them as gym shoes i would recomend thes to anyone that is looking for a durable shoe", "Shoes were not even close to correct ones ! They put a sticker with correct shoe info over the orange box sticker that told what the real shoes were in the box....SCAMMED ? The shoes I got are High tops with a white Nike swooch and black bottems NOT EVEN CLOSE!", "not a bad entry level running shoe. good for a narrower foot like mine but i still got the m (standard) width.", "Slightly big but that is what I wanted so I could have growing room, really nice shoes I really like them :)", "I wear a size 10.5&#34; shoe, ordered these in 10.5&#34;, and they fit perfectly.Nike makes their insoles a bit different than other companies though, the arch support is more in the outside of the arch rather than in the middle, which works fine for me, but some people might need a more centered arch support. I run with a heel-to-toe stride and these absorb impact, and rolls nicely off the ball of my foot. These aren't life changing shoes or anything, but they work great for casual runners such as myself. I've already put 27 miles on them and they are holding well.", "The fir is exactly like I would expect Nike's to fit, (I order a 1/2 size smaller than I usually wear).  Comfortable, good looking, for sneakers.  Great shoe.", "this shoes are so soft it feel like your not even wearing any shoes, right now it`s a 5 stars, let`s see how much they last", "Item is very comfortable to use for several hours everyday, fits right to size and looks very good no my feet.", "Very light and comfortable. So light that my wife thought I had ordered a pair of sandals when she received the package. This is my second pair of downshifters. Got the first pair about two years ago. Think I might get a pair in every color available.... really.", "Do you wanna feel like your walking on air then this is the light shoe for you. Fast delivery. Accurate sizing. All Good.", "bought for my boyfriend for running.  he said they are comfortable and run true to size.  (meaning buy half size bigger since they are Nike's).  Nice looking shoe and light weight.", "I love these shoes!! I stand for 9-12 hours and my legs and back do not hurt!!!! I will be looking for another pair!!", "Quality is great.  They're comfy and great for running.  I received the shoes right on time for my dad to bring them to where I live in another country.  Thank you for delivering them on time.  Thank you so much!", "Amazing shoes, good for running, going to the gym and any physical exercise.The price was excellent of the quality of the shoes.", "I bought these online because I wanted navy blue and white and couldn't find them anywhere, I have bought other nike's and had size 11 they were comfortable and these were a little small so next time I'll have to go with 11.5", "Shoe is good and seems to fit well.  Have used it some for parkouring.  Like the stylish look of the black and blue color.", "I haven't taken them to the track yet but shoes feel very light and supportive.  Should be good for the price.", "fits perfectly even though I have slightly high arches and not exactly narrow feet. The materials are good quality and overall you hardly feel any weight on your feet. The heel part of the sole is designed interestingly, it accommodates a slightly angles heel stride which is great for running. Just feels a little odd when you first put them on. Maybe it's a standard thing with running shoes. I just wasn't used to it but it feel just right when you are out and running. Nothing pokes my foot inside in any way, nothing rubs uncomfortably. Perfect shoe for me.", "Was delivey was good. Son, really liked the style and comfort of the shoe. Read reviews before buying, I am very satisfied with this purchase, would buy again. this the second buy from amazon on shoes but different style, both were great buys, thanks would reccommend to friends", "These sneakers are Lightweight, Great Looking, Extremely Comfortable & Reasonably Priced! This purchase was a great one, Thank you very much.", "I wear a lot of Nike shoes, done have been narrow but this pair in particular were extremely tight they actually felt more like an 8.5.  The shore seems to be nice, unfortunately I was not able to try them out.", "Thanks great item.. I would recomend this product to others worth the buy! Looking forward to use it this spring and summer", "This shoe is very light and comfortable. I normally wear a size 13 and ordered a 13--the shoe fits perfectly.", "I got the shoe for my dad and he likes it so he wearing it now all over not just for walking.", "At my age I can't see myself paying $100 or more for a pair of tennis shoes. I spotted these on Amazon and the price was just right. Ordered and they arrived on time, the fit is comfortable and they look really good. As a bonus, since they are black, I don't have to worry about them getting too dirty. I plan on getting future tennis shoes from here.", "As always this shoes were what I was expecting, very confortable and very good quality too. Another thing that I ike is that they are very ligth for running.", "todo bien  el producto esta bien, llego en excelentes condiciones. . . . . . . . . . . .", "I give this classification because it meets my expectations.I like the design and color is one of the things that attracted me to this model.Recommend the lightest running shoe.", "These beauteous shoes. So good. Such run.", "Their the bomb!", "It is a light running shoe, it feels very confortable, looks fine and I bougth it at a reasonable price.", "IT'S OK,", "These shoes are great... they fit perfectly and I wear them to work out.  I recommend them to anyone looking for a good pair of sneakers.", "These shoes were shipped quickly, came in their box and were even cooler than I thought. The Nike swoosh glows in the dark! I'm very happy.", "I bought these for my boyfriend who usually wears an 11.5 in Nikes.  These were a whole size too large, had to return them for a 10.5.  Great quality, just runs a bit big.", "Light breatheable cheap and stylish.  Its just what a person wants when confort is needed but dont want to look like donald duck..", "I love them, fit great and look great. I bought these to go to work in, very light and very comfortable.", "These are, naturally, a good quality shoe, coming from Nike. They fit true to size and are very comfortable. A great but.", "My toe is not fitting into it and I had trouble in fitting my leg into the shoe while wearng", "My husband loves them, they are not heavy, he use to wear the old school shoes that were too heavy, he even wore these to church.", "I alredy had an idea of the type of athletic shoes I wanted,  I know what size Nikes fit me, so that is not a problem.I am constantly being Emailed by 3 shoe companys, but what is on deal to me price-wise, is no deal.On a whim, I went on-line to Amazon and found several styles I liked, at the prices I liked.The \"good\" pair I was wearing were white. (not good for winter mess.)  So I wanted black.I like this syle and the price that was offered, so I went ahead and ordered them.I was happy when they showed up a day before I was given as the delivery date!(Some how, I ripped the sole loose on my other's the day the new ones were delivered!These are not only comortable, thaey are light.  It's like wearing slippers.", "I've owned many Nikes before, but have never had a sneaker hurt the top of my foot like this. In the past a shoe would hurt a day or 2 but not 2 weeks later.I'm sure I will purchase other Nikes in the future but this shoe is either defective or made poorly.", "This was a Fathers Day gift to my hubby and he loved them!! Arrived on time and fast shipping!!", "When I recieved this item one of the silver lace loops (Which you can see in the picture) was ripped. I am sending the item back for a refund. This is why I don't like shopping online.", "very good product has high quality and is of very good material, I recommend the product for buyers in this class.", "Ordered black and they look black indoors. Outdoors the are Navy blue.................disappointed. Didn't feel it was right to return them due to outdoor wear. Wish they were black.JK", "I was skeptical about buying shoes online but I know my size in Nike and so I decided to give it a try. Shoes were delivered faster than expected, fit perfectly and I saved almost 50% off retail pricing. I am very happy with my purchase and I will order again.", "I have had much trouble buying sports or any other shoes, because my feet are flat and shoes almost always hurt me. When I received these shoes, I was relieved. I've used them for hours and not have tired feet. I recommend them 100%.", "So cutteFit as expectedso good for trainingit was the best one that i got right now :)", "Very nice!! . I want to get a second pair in the same color. Great fit and great price .", "Love these shoes, I'm buying another pair asap! Fits great and are very comfortable.. Trust me, it's a Great buy!", "My son has extremely wide feet and the extra wide shoe is one of the few that actually fit him so I bought 3 pairs.", "This was a gift for my 78 year old Dad who likes to walk in his neighborhood everyday. After the first walk he immediately called me to tell me they are the most comfortable shoes and every person he passed on the street complimented him.  Mom then called and told me how he hasn't taken them off for 2 days. Successful Father's Day gift!! Delivered on time  too.", "Nice price, excellent show I love it. Buy it with out any question. Nice for walk, very light. Good Quality.", "My son just started wearing them.  He says that they need a few times around to break them in so we will update you in the future.", "They feel wonderful and almost fit great then found out that I had a pair that was a return. But they were super nice on getting me a new pair that no one wore already, when I open the box and put them on I was like &#34;oh man someone worn these already!!!&#34; But when I get in hold of the people I swear they helped me on everything and even apologized for the simple fact of me throwing away the return shipping paper and box. I felt confident to buy another pair and tell people of these guy.", "These sneakers are exactly as they're pictured, Lightweight, fit as expected, packaged correctly, no flaws, so far no complaints. Good price on Amazon. I recommend them.", "This shoe fits really well.  I am impressed by how light they feel.  I don't use them as a running shoe, but more for comfort wear.  I love em!", "I ordered these shoes for my husband.  They fit exactly as expected.  He says they are comfortable and durable.  A great deal at a great price!", "They nice comfortable ,  they fit perfect , like them very much, you can not ask for a better pair of shoes", "I took a calculated risk with buying a shoe online, I already had another Nike Running shoes and bought the same size, it was a nice fit and comfortable.package came in time, and I got my money's worth.", "Runs small, order a whole size bigger. I normally wear a 10.5 and order 11.0 when I know something runs small but I should have ordered 11.5 with these. Otherwise not a bad shoe and the white ones are 50.00 and prime eligible", "Very light. Feel great and look nice as well. I only wish they came in a color that had black instead of white on the bottom.", "i like the product's material, it's so goodit's somewhat small for my right sidei dislike the shoelace is not somewhat long", "slightly tight fit but lets call it snug. handsome shoe. look forward to seeing what sort of longevity it provides", "Only had a few days. Very nice shoes. Comfortable. Only drawback is that I have really flat feet and these shoes don't have the arch support I was hoping they would.", "I have a wide foot and these were tight; I returned them.", "These not only look great on, but they fit perfect,  nice material, very well made, and very happy I bought them. Would recommend them to anyone that enjoys a nice looking pair of shoes and is looking for comfort..Im diabetic so that is very important to me.", "These sneakers are for my son. They are exactly what I expected from Nike. Very Good!, No complaints at all!", "These shoes are great. I really liked the way they fit and look. This is a good everyday shoe. I have to walk a lot at work and my feet don't hurt at the end of the day like they have been.", "I loved tennis pedi what turned out to work very well and I also liked the price I pay me twice by the same court in a local store so the price is rathercomfortable because I use it to last long in feet and very nice soft firmeyI hope does not end up in the store to keep buying them always", "theyre very good for the price u pay, and its got this litte things where the air gets inside the foot...", "FIT AS EXPECTATED", "The Downshifter 5 features the cushioning of a control shoe, and the support of a cushioning shoe. It also runs a half size smaller than the normal Nike shoes. I caution people against thinking they can do significant exercise in these. They are cheap for a reason, unfortunately.", "I like it very much. I went with size 8.5 (extra .5) to compensate for my wide foot. Very good looking.", "Nike Men's NIKE DOWNSHIFTER 5 RUNNING SHOES 10.5 (BLACK/BLACK/WHITE/MTLLC...", "Love the fit its just right", "I use these Nike Shoes for working out at the Gym. they feel lite and comfortable. They fit very well and I plan on getting another pair after these are in need of replacement", "Fit good...came faster then expected... Nice and light with more ankle support then I expected for being so light. Great shoe", "They are just excellent. The color and detail are as is as indicated in the publication. They are very comfortable to walk or run with them. I recommend them 100%", "these shoes is comfy with style. did my first workout in them and i felt well in them can do the work", "What a great pair of shoes.  They fit great.  Very comfortable and they are so light feel like you are running with no weight.", "These shoes hold so much semen! I cant wait for my second pair to get here!  This pair is already half full and kind of sticky.", "Fits great and comfortable!! Best show out of the box I have worn in a while. NO special insole needed. Fits better than the other pair I bought Nike Men's NIKE DUAL FUSION RUN RUNNING SHOES", "Advent walker and runner. Bought them, I rotate brands of shoes as the sets of wears out,  I can write reviews. Normally,  Asics, Brooks and New Balance running shoes, I wear out within 9 to 12 months on asphalt and concrete, 2 miles runs and 5 miles walks.  I worn out the Nike sets in 4 month. Bad sets of batch shoes, made in China. I'll stick will New Balance,  made in America,  support my local economy and my country. Thank you.", "Same like the photo, exactly that I expected. Good quality,  great colors, excellent to run and walk.  I love it", "The shoes are perfect! The shoes were a gift for my son and he loves them very much. They are perfect!", "Really nice shoes they fit and were very comfy the color was nice and not faded like some shoes I would buy more", "I received this shoes yesterday. I bought it like a gift to my father, and he love it. The size it's perfect, and they're very comfortable. I recommend it 100%!", "Because it is just the way it was shown at amazon and it is verry confortable for running and walking.", "My this shoe for my son he's like alot, but the wide litttle small.  My son size 8.5 and I bought for him size 9 , it's still small so next time I have to buy one size bigger.  It's look nice shoe, my son like alot.", "Most of my shoes slip when I run in them, but these don&#8217;t. They allow me to go further, faster because I don&#8217;t have to worry about ending up barefoot once the shoes come off by themselves. This happened before.", "The item arrived on time. It possesses all the features provided by the seller and as shown in the picture. The shoes are of quality as the brand behind it.", "Great shoe for the price and name brand. These shoes breath with the cloth material on the top of the shoe. I love them.", "Ordered these for my husband who does his share of walking at work, he has been wearing them everyday for going on 2 weeks now. He has said how co by they are and that his back has not hurt since the second or third day of wearing them only.", "simply nice", "These are true to size. They're lightweight and appear to be well-made. I've owned other Nike shoes, so this is what I expected.", "Excellent running shoes!!  They are just what I needed.", "This is a good value for running shoes.  The laces were shorter then expected but so so far no major issues.", "Excellent product. I recommend the product arrived as expected. Good quality and 100% original, Thanks.! I hope to soon buy other shoes.", "In my opinion, Nike fits more NARROW than other athletic shoes. I always have to buy a half size larger in a Nike shoe than I buy in other athletic shoes. I'm female and my foot is a C width; the average female foot is a B width. These shoes, the Downshifter 5 Running shoe, I purchased for my son. His foot is an average man's width and he loves how these shoes fit and they way the wear. He is very happy with the tread and he says they are great for &#34;just wearing&#34; and also for running. He's very pleased with these shoes.", "I bought these for my boyfriend as a gift and he loves them, he says it's like walking on a cloud, he never takes them of. I thing I set the bar pretty high", "This shoe fits perfect, as i had checked the size for me from the store. Used as both running and office casual wear. Thinking of ordering one more. :)", "I'm not a great fan of Nike running show, when I bought them it was a risk. I have to tell you I bought them based on looks. The next thing I have to mention is that I am flat footed, so there are very few shoes I can wear beyond an hour. So for all of my flat footed bros and sis' s - this is a very good shoe for your condition. I will buy a second pair - size 13.", "Love the sneekers.. Very nice when walking long distance and running. Not heavy at all, light and very soft on your feet.", "The shoes are exactly what is described and with genuine box and the shoes are genuine aswell. Shipping was also nice and quick", "Lightweight and quick drying, the Nike Santiam Sandal offers you a comfortable fit with the cushioning and technology you've come to expect. Contoured Sole - stops your feet from sliding around and causing blisters. Adjustable Straps - for a perfect, custom fit for your feet.", "I had an older version of the same shoe. I did enjoy them for years. Finally I had to put them to rest, the sole came off. They were comfortable and had a great support.I purchased new pair hoping they would be same or at least similar.Unfortunately, they are VERY stiff and uncomfortable. It feels like they are made from cheap materials. I am hoping if I use them more and wet them they MAY feel softer and more bearable on my feet.", "I love this particular type of Nike sneakers and have gotten almost all colors. I am big tennis shoe fan and this is definitely what you want. I strongly recommend this product. Comfortable and very classic!", "Awesome Nike Air Jordan 7 Retro Olympic Edition. One of a kind a must have. Completes my shoe collection! Great!", "Great ball shoe they hurt the side of ur toes somewhat but there awesome I love them", "I bought this watch for my wife as a gift.  She generally likes it.Here's what she likes:1.  It has a robust band with plenty of adjustment options.  That keeps the watch stable when she is running, riding or swimming.  It is also very comfortable and, other than pinching her the first time she put it on, has been a breeze to work with.2.  It looks cool.  The combination of leathery (not real leather) black band and shiny metal casing is nice looking.3.  The numbers are big.  Makes it easier to read.  Somewhat makes up for drawback 1.What she doesn't like:1.  The display is a bit dark.  In situations with lots of light she has to hold it at a specific angle to be able to view the display.  You can always press the light button to make the display brighter but that takes two hands and takes away the option to \"glance\" at your watch.2.  It doesn't display seconds.  When she is doing planks and whatnot she likes to be able to time the exercise in seconds.  Although I pointed out it has a stopwatch that would involve figuring out how the stopwatch works which she doesn't feel like doing.Couple of other notes:1.  The watch is larger than most women's watches.  If you are, or are buying for, a delicate flower with tiny wrists and wispy jewelry then this watch may look out of place.2.  The band is not your typical \"belt\" style band.  It is more like a synthetic leather version of a metal clasp band and has a unique closure.3.  The last Nike brand watch I bought her (for which this is a replacement) lasted only 9 months before the band detached from the watch body.  If this watch fails similarly, then I will swear off Nike watches in the future.", "Taiwan to US in 3 days.. all I can say is WOW!  Product as described! 100% authentic and my son loves these shoes! Awesome.", "My grandson loves these shoes and gets approval comments about them.  Great looking and comfortable.  He wears them more than any other shoe he has.", "4 star", "Very nice", "Order these shoes for my son on January 28th and received today January 31st.coming from Taiwan. My son was not expecting these shoes until sometime in March he will be so happy when he gets home! The shoes look great! Thank you!", "The watch is cute. I've gotten a lot of comments on it. But... I didn't expect the clasp to be like it was. It's not your typical clasp. It kinda flaps over and snaps shut. There are a lot of size adjustments but it still doesn't seem to fit me right. It's either too snug or too loose. I wear it too loose and it sits sideways on my wrist. I always have to pull it or shimmy it back the right way to read the time. The buttons on the sides are sunken in and hard to push. The only thing i can get on the watch are the time (with no seconds) and the date. Although when you push the date button you have to wait for it to say \"date\" for a couple seconds then it'll display the date. Same for back to the time. It'll say \"time\" for a few seconds until it will actually get back to the time.  I believe i've read somewhere that it does more than just have the date and time it but the watch is so complicated i don't want to take the time to figure it out. This is the first time i've bought a watch online. Shouldn't have wasted my money. I don't recomend this watch.", "The shoe came in great quality and feels great performs good, only thing if your gonna play ball in these shoes you will have to keep wiping dust the of the outsole if you play on a dusty court, if you play on a clean surface the shoe will perform very well. Other than that the shoe is great and I would recommend to anyone who likes that low profile feel when playing ball.-Jabari", "Alright I am going to run through 5 Pros i like about he KDVI Basketball shoes. I play Community College Basketball In Oregon not saying anything by that but I do have some experience with basketball shoes. These right here are some of the best shoes you can find and wear. If you do not care about the shoes you buy as a player then you should not be playing the game in my opinion but we all have are own.Okay so the 5 ProsLight And CompactOkay these shoes come out to be 10.6 ounces not the lightest shoes on the market but they are light and very stable for your foot. The design of the shoe is unlike most on the market today with its new technology and design to help support your foot. The Low-Top design is built for people with quick movements and for players that need to get to one point to another in a quick fashion. Kind of like Kevin Durant in a way. These will definitely help you improve your quickness if you are a guard messing with those high tops. I have worn these for awhile and have not had any ankle problems but I do wear ankle braces for support.StyleNot Much to say on this the sleek style of the shoe is beautiful. The half over the sole is not common in most shoes and what stands out about these shoes. The material is light again and comes in a variety of colors. Its Nike brand insures that you are getting top quality for the price you pay. As a basketball player we all know style gives us confidence on the court. Look Good you Play Good. So customize these if you do end up getting a pair. Do not be stuck with looking the same as other people on the court pleaze!Support:These shoes do not hug against your foot but fit for a snug support around your foot. I have worn these for awhile and have not had any blisters bumps on the bottom or sides of my feet. But when you do wear these for the first time walk around the house and break them in before you run out on the basketball court showing your new shoes. Players go and buy brand new shoes without breaking them in before they start playing then complain about how their foot got all blistered its because you did not break them in. The mold in side of the shoes mold to your exact foot structure and size. The structure is molded perfect so that you can have that quick bounce but also that support around your foot which is key.Price:You are not paying to much for these shoes! These are top of the line shoes and if you want top of the line performance then do not go and get your shoes at big 5. Go out and buy a quality basketball shoe and even if they are not KD's buy a shoe that has been on the market for awhile and that is reliable. These shoes are perfect for what they bring to the table when you are playing. The comfort, durability, style, and performance is right for the price of these shoes.The Player Kevin Durant:If you are a person who watches and loves the game of basketball. Kevin Durant is a class A person whether you appreciate him as a player or not. He conducts himself in not only a professional way but a role model for young and old players and spectators across the country. He is a class A person who would not release a shoe that was not reliable plain and simple. He wants his shoes to work and fit comfortable for all players just like his shoes fit him in games. I hope this review helped when looking for basketball shoes.", "My son loves these shoes and he never gets excited about much. Good job!", "i got these and i thought that they were going to be cool but there not there rubber! i would not get them in eny other colorway.", "TheyAreCofterbleAndNiceGoodGripAnd lookGreatKevenGarrantIs awesomeBecause he madeAwesomeShoe,,", "Perfect fit", "This was a gift to my son and he was very happy with the shoes.  He wears them to play basketball and is in love with the shoes.", "This is a great shoe to either play basketball in or to wear with your street clothes I personally love wearing these with my streets clothing", "Awesome shoes! Everything as expected specially for paying extra $50 for a pair of KD's. Will definitely buy again! Thanks.", "These were bought for my husband and he loves them. They fit perfect, great new condition just like the pic. He loves they way they feel wearing them, super light weight.  I would Definitely recommend to a friend.  Shipped quick. Very pleased.", "It is a shoe, most people will ask where I bought it. The color is unique compared to usual shoes. I use to wear this too during casuals not only during practice.", "I bought these shoes as a team basketball shoe for my son - needless to say he gets compliments every time he wears them!! This was a great purchase - thanks!!", "My son loves the shoes! Though we ordered them a bit too big....he still loves them and gets plenty of compliments! Shipping was SPEEDY! Pleased with order!", "My basketball player wanted to be noticed.  He is a great basketball player, but the shoes got him noticed more.  He wears them every day.", "This fit me so good, and really really good to wear it when you are playing basketball.Say sure will come back and shop again.", "Gives me blisters on my feet can't wear all the time. Also hurt all toes and over paid by 50 dollars", "excellent article! very good quality, beautiful tennis, the only flaw is a little long, I mean I have some empty space in the front of the fingers, which does not happen with the other courts of the same size", "I don't know why the picture is now showing a pair of pants because these are navy and silver Nike Shox.I got these for my son because he always chooses Nike.As usual,these are great quality,great value and ultra modern style.This is the best price I could find on Shox which are usually much more.We'll keep coming back to Nike again and again.These run true to size.", "These are my favorite pair of shoes I have ever and probably will ever own.  They are comfortable and stylish and can be worn with casual jeans and tee shirts or even leggings and a cute sweater! I LOVE THEM", "This is a great shoe. Very comfortable and not to wide like the other 9.5 air force's I own.  &#34;Gut em an swicth the laces&#34;", "The fit was ok.  The plastic looked a bit cheap. But was soft enough not to make blisters. But could have just been a really good fit.", "Zapatos de excelente calidad y originales, el envio a Venezuela fue muy rapido, 100% confiable el vendedor, amazon pagina de Gran responsabilidad", "The ordering process was flawless. I ordered it to arrive a couple of days before Christmas and got email notifications throughout the shipping process. This shoe was purchased as a Christmas gift and it has been worn every day since then. It is the most comfortable shoe the receiver has worn in the recent past.", "These sneaks are cute and I do like them, but I have wide feet and I have some maneuvering to do before I can actually get my foot in them. I normally wear a 7.5 shoe, so I went with an 8. If I were to order these again, I would go 8.5 - they run small. Aside from that, I think I am using different muscles when I walk in them because my bum and hamstrings seem to be sore the next day after a long walk in them (this didn't happen in other sneaks). Overall, a decent shoe.", "These shoes are the fourth brand of running shoe I have tried since taking up running about three years ago. I brought these shoes after reading many reviews, and so far I have not been dissapointed. Shoes are ready to go out of the box, minimal break in is needed. On day three I took them out for a 7.5 mile run, and they feel like I've had them forever. Great cushioning. They are a little less rigid than other stability shoes I have owned, but provide great support. Those who want a lot of toe room should go one full size above their street shoe.About me: M, 170 lbs, reg arch, slight pronation, 9:20 pace.", "have been wearing Asics 2xxx models for about 8 years, and finally broke the  trend with the AST10+, Nike and Apple got me with the Nike/iPod+ and I didnt  really like velcroing the sensor to the tongue of my asics, but they had the support in the shoe.  now NIKE finally makes a Nike+ WITH INNER FOOT SUPPORT AND CUSHIONING in the FOREFOOT. so far so good.  Lets get moving....", "I have been running the Air Structure Triax for almost a decade now, and I strongly believe its fantastic support has kept me injury-free. The 10+ keeps up this tradition: I think it is lighter than its predecessor, the sole seems more flexible and, importantly, the lacing has become easier to tighten again. The one thing that I continue to regret is the lack of a loop at the heel to help slip the shoe on. But that does not take anything away from the pleasure to run in it, once you have it on your foot!", "These shoes are quality for the price I paid for them.", "I don't know what it is with the Structure 10s, but it causes me to get shin splints. I don't know what they changed about it, but it is no good. I went back to running in my 9's. And what do you know? The shin splints went away. I think I will try the 11s next and hope they changed the shoe back to how it was on the 9's.", "This is a fantastic running shoe for the pronator.  It is stable and I don't have to wear my orthotics when I run in them.  I am a medium mileage runner and weigh 155lbs.", "OMG!!! What comfort, what support, what fit!! Ok, these were the exact thoughts that went thru my mind the first two miles of my first run in my brand new AST 10+. Its probably the best shoe I have owned so far in my short running experience of about 3 years. I used to swear by Asics 2xxx series. They now have a worthy competitor! Would heartily recommend them to anyone who love the Asics 2xxx, the Brooks Adrenaline GTS series (the top 2 stability shoes in the market) as well as those who use stability shoes in general. For the record, am a male, age 38, 157, so they are perfect for lighter runners like me.", "The Nike TRIAX Air Structure 10 I purchased had a very poorly made left shoe, leaning far to the left.  It makes me wonder if it is a 'knock-off' instead of Nike.  I'll stick to my old source and style.", "I bought these about 6 months ago. This shoe is one of the best shoes I've ever bought and I'll probably buy this again if my current pair falls apart. This shoe is pretty sturdy. I've worn it everyday since I bought it and it still looks amazing. It is also really comfortable. The shoes came with white laces, so if you like the look of white laces you can add them on. (I like the regular black laces so I'm like w/e toward the white ones). I'd recommend that you buy these shoes since they're really nice and comfortable.", "I ordered a size 13 and being a bigger guy i have a wide foot. For the first week or so the shoes were really tight especially around the toes. After i wore them in pretty good they fit perfect. well worth the price.", "These shoes were very comfortable and lasted me a long time. I've never had a shoe last in such a great condition as long as these.", "I really like these shoes. They seem like they will hold up for a long time and look and feel great. I don't skate that often but they seem like they would work really good for skating as well.", "Very comfy shoes and not flashy. These sneakers go with almost everything I wear so it's easy when I'm in a rush to toss them on and go.", "In my many years of experience of buying Nike brand shoes these are a great, everyday shoe to purchase.  I would recommend them!", "Nike Mavrk Low Skate Shoe - Men's Black/Sport Red, 10.5  --  Say 10.5 but feels like 9. to narrow, too small. I gave it to a cousin with 9.5 in size", "First off I like to say thank you to the seller for getting them to me with in three days.  I love these shoes, they are machine washable, nice design, clean and comfortable fitting. The price was reasonable too.  One thing I also love about these shoes is even though the sides of the bottom portion of the shoe is white the actual bottom of the shoe is black which is good because I was a little uneasy with buying them at first.  Im glad I bought them from off Amazon because I dont have to worry about going to the local Foot Locker and have a seller try to pump more money out of ME then what I expected to spend. (Even though I know no one can make you buy anything unless they are good at selling you a bs story about why you need the socks and matching insoles which means more money spent) I hate when sellers do that, that is why I dont go to Gamestop anymore either, but thats another story for another time. Online forever bye! bye! middle man.", "I ordered this item for my cousin and he is delighted with this purchase. He says they are comfortable and VERY cool. The item was delivered on time. Excellent price and perfect quality on this item.", "I purchased these sneakers for my 22 year old son who has worn these in the past and they've lasted a long time.  However, he has only had this pair about 2 months and the material on the side of the one shoe is worn/torn.  It seems that there is a time limit on returns so now we are I guess forced to purchase another pair.", "They sent me the wrong shoes. This isn't a minor mistake, because I ordered grey shoes with white nike symbols. Instead they sent me Navy blue shoes with a red Nike symbol! WTF?!?!", "The shoe was in brand new condition and fit perfectly! I bought it as a gift and saved me lots of money and the headache of finding a parking space and risking the chance that the size might not even be there! Thank you!", "The shoes are definitely nice and fit. It's nike + amazon! Although it takes a couple more days than i expected to be delivered, what else can you complain about that?", "My son is delighted with his new boots. He says they are comfortable and VERY cool.Excellent price on this item.", "If your into skating you know all about the one shoe toe hole.I've had two pair of Insurgents and will probably keep buyin em because they last and last and last!!Great board feel too.", "As a sneaker collector, I am always on the prowl for Nike Dunks, so I was extremely happy to find these on amazon. They were delivered within 72 hrs. I love the shoes, especially since finding the pre-sb dunks is not that easy. This is Great company to deal with and would highly recommend buying shoes from them.", "I bought this for son and I am very pleased of the product and the shipping was on time. My son was very happy and pleased as well. He said it is very comfortable and not stiff. I Would  highly Recommend.", "Quality footwear. Roshe runs are the isht!! The colours are also alot nicer in person. The picture doesnt do them justice", "after a couple of months wearing them the suede pulled out of the sole and there is a blow-out hole at the toe on the other shoe.If you want a great looking shoe that you'll only where once in a while on a date they'd be fine but not for everyday wear in the elements of rain and whatnot.", "I just got these and the color is great and i really like the design. These shoes make it feel like you are wearing socks and it is amazing. The shoes have a lot of cushion but also have support. I would  definitely recommend them.", "ITS ABOUT TIME  NIKE ,, THIS SNEAKER IS AWESOME ,, IT FEELS LIKE A CLOUD AND FEELS STRONG AND LIKE FEATHER ON MY FLAT FEET ,,, ALL THE OTHER  NIKES IN MY CLOSET WILL DONATED TO HOMELESS ,", "-----The Good Stuff------great ventilation and cushioning-lightweight impact protection-really versatile shoe, can wear with almost anything-offers breathability-full mesh upper and phylon midsole-has a cushioned collar for protection around ankle-rubber waffle outsole for traction-lots of cool-----The Not So Good Stuff------they run just a little bit big with the size-----Other Comments-----I have owned many different kinds of nikes and the Nike Roshe Runs have got to be one of the most comfortable shoes that I own.Wearing these shoes makes it feels like you're walking on pillows. They are really stylish also, and Nike offers a wide variety of selection.Although these shoes are really stylish and look \"cool\" I would not recommend running in them. In my opinion, I feel like they arepretty big and too heavy for running. All in all, Nike Roshe Runs are a really comfortable shoe.Review by Anthony Sarmiento", "did not expect the base to be too fluo, the pics did not show it, but I love it anyway", "Comfy and look great. My son was thrilled with them. We would order these again.He got them in blue", "These are incredibly comfortable and light. The upper is a very thin mesh material that breathes well, and the bottom is a very cushy foam type of material. The sole is a squishy ridged material that is incredibly supportive. It's like walking on a big squishy piece of memory foam, or walking on a cloud. I've worn other cushioned running shoes and they were nowhere near as comfortable as this. These are the most comfortable shoes I've ever worn, and I'm quite picky as I have very flat feet. Definitely recommend these. I'm not the biggest fan of the styling, but they're still pretty good looking shoes.", "The shoe I already knew was going to be great I have multiple pairs now but the main point is the seller he left me a hand written note with the box it came on time and wasn't damaged or worn down love this purchase", "I WISH I COULD BUY 10 MORE PARES IF I COULD ITS LIKE WEARING SOX ON MY FEET AND THEY MATCH EVERYTHING.THANK U VERY MUCH!!!!", "They are light, comfortable and true to size.  They go well with jeans or just about anything else casual you wear.  Might have to look for another pair in a different color for variety.", "I purchased these shoes for my son and within a week the fabric tore on both shoes. I would not reccommend these shoes to anyone at all. I will be definitely sending the shoes back to receive a refund. Very disapointed!!!", "Shipping came earlier than expected.  The shoe itself is what I wanted right now.  Something simple, not flashy and most of all very comfortable.  I still need to break them in.  I tried these out at the mall before ordering online.  Glad I did because I had to order a half size down.  Very light weight shoe.  I don't plan on running with these.  It'll just be my every day, go to the groceries type of shoe.  I'm not a shoe collector at all or follow new trends. I just wanted something with quality and be comfortable , and Roshe is what I was looking for right now.", "Was what I expected quick delevery will order soon again  nice shows I recommend to any one that is on feet a lot", "They are really comfortable and look good.  They are extremely light.  I bought them for my 17 year old.  His brother ended up ordering some and now the other brother wants some and my husband also!", "Good quality. Nice shoes.  Comfortable. Good color. Arrived promptly. Purchased as a gift for my 14 year old  grand son & he  loves them.", "hi i like this shoe it is so comfy and i wanna buy it how much would u start the price at", "most comfortable shoes ever! I love them. I love the memory foam innersoles! Be careful and don't stem in the mud in the light color", "This item was a great gift for my fianc&eacute;. He loved it and said it is very comfortable and very stylish.", "Very comfortable.", "Comfortable", "What you can't see in the pictures is that the whole inner side of these shoes are BRIGHT GREEN. Regardless, these shoes are comfortable as they can be to walk in. I've never tried running in them yet. 3 stars for the bright green inner side, plus, i saw the exact same shoes at a local shoe store for cheaper.", "I bought these as a gift for an 8th grader.  He loved them.  He wears them to school everyday.  Thanks.", "I like, itsCool, and nice,  but i feel very surprise when i discover That it was sended form China", "These sneakers are extremely comfortable. If you have tried I pair of Roshes I highly recommend that you do. Team Roshe!", "i heard these kicks jumped up in price due to a very limited amount being made. coped them for 114$ on ebay. clean kicks", "I purchased these sneakers for my son as a Christmas gift. He loves them, he claims he wants another pair in another color.  I am so glad I purchased them for him.", "i can see my toes through it lol but it is great sexy light and feels like marshmellows on my feet great shoe will get more asap no rocky", "Bought the NIke as a request from my son. Not my style but my son loves it.  Says it's comfortable and stylish.", "And they came fairly fast Everyone says they like them and they r very comfortable and light weight I don't reget buying and I had them for awhile now and they r still in good condition", "I really liked the roshe runs, I just wished I bought it eariler but plan on buying more, stay tuned", "Very comfortable shoe.  Feels great when I wear them and they look great too.  I would recommend these shoes to all my friends.", "is very good product , i like the Nike because is good quality.I don't like has the little size", "It is the best and I like it a lot. Thanks the Nike team!", "great fit. they are comfortable and the color is great.it gets a lot of attention and people always complement the color", "They are tearing really fast and easy. Good light shoes but not sturdy at all. The mesh tears easy up front", "great casual nike shoe but in my eyes far from being a good running shoe. The heel is very high and makes running unstable. I would recommend this shoe for walks and for the gym but not running, deadlifting or squating", "I LOVE ROSHE'S. Super comfortable and definitely worth the money. I had a pair of free runs and would prefer these over that. After a while the clothe fabric does rip, just make sure you clip your toe nails, you should be good.", "Very Good Fits Perfectly And Feels So Good For Going To Gym , Running Or Just Walking I Have Used It For Everything Best Shoes In The World I Have Almost All Of Them All Colors But One Thing I Didnt Like Was That Its Over Prices But I Don't Really Care Cause I Got Money To Blow", "I bought these for my daughter, who is away at school.  She had wanted these shoes because she heard they were solid & supportive while being light at the same time.  She could not be happier!", "Ordered for my son & he loved it. Wore it on XMAS day.  He specifically wanted this brand of shoe because of how comfy", "Very nice sneakers, my son used it and last 2 months. The red material came up part, He was using it for sports (volly, Basket and running) A very expensive shoe and did not last for long. It is a good walking shoe!!", "This product is excellent. I receieved the right size and everything. I had no problems with this product I purchased.", "As soon as I opened the box, I noticed that the shoes were scuffed up horribly. There are black marks all over the sole of the shoe plus the side of the shoe. The marks won't come off as well..", "Great shoe for general use, not a real running shoe....very comfortable with or w/o socks. Perfect summer footwear, light too!", "The most comfortable sneaker I have ever bought by far! After wearing these, it is very difficult to switch to another sneaker. Has a great long-lasting material without the uncomfortable feel you would normally get for such quaility. Order came on time and have been wearing them ever since! I would, however, recommend getting a half a size to a size up seeing as how then run a bit small. I am normally a 9, but got these in 9.5 and they fit great!", "wear 9 in converse9 in clarks desert boots / red wing heritage9.5 in vans10 in most nikesi got this in 10most comfortable shoe of all time although the thick sole and thin upper may lead to accidental ankle rolling.  havent tried these out for running yet.  looks great too with a side profile / sillhouette similar to nike stefan janoskis", "great running shoes,my son loves them; they're very comfortable and light weight. I highly recomend this shoes for sports or even for school!", "Great product fit my son [perfect he loves it great price! I am probaly buying another pair! love all the different clolor combos", "Good fit, very satisfied with the shoe so far. Good for the function of running around foam track at school.", "One of my friends got a pair of these and kept telling me how awesome they are, so I bought a pair since i needed a new pair of shoes anyway. For the past 3 or 4 years I have been wearing free runs and I love them, and I saw a review on zappos saying that if you liked free runs that you would like these Roshe Runs. That is definitely not true. Free runs are light, flexible, and feel more natural since they conform to your feet, but Roshe Runs on the other hand have very hard foam soles, and are not flexible at all compared to free runs. The only part of this shoe that I like is that is feels like a sock with a sole. Another thing is that I saw a review that said to order a half a size smaller than you usually would, so I did, and it was still massive. I had about 2 cm of extra room in front of my toes. I would reccomend ordering a full size smaller than you usually would.", "On the website nike.comi can get it for $70 when its not sold out.if it is i can get it for $110 using nike id.why is it $144? last week i saw it was $90", "Thank you  Thank you Thank you... I haven't gave them to my husband yet.. so hopefully they fit.. But I love them... and the price was right!!", "Great spring/summer shoe. Not really for running. Fits true to size but is also a soft mesh so there's some give.", "I DID NOT KNOW WHAT THEY WERE NOW THE YOUNGEST SON WANTS A PAIR AS WELLL.LOOKING FOR A SALE MAYBE SOON.", "it's comfortable, stylish, and I it could be used for an everyday casual situation or running or working out. It has a foam-ish sole, but it is comfy.", "I bought these in the mall....70 bucks ( I checked several well known athletic shoe stores) checked on Amazon to pick up a other pair thinking they would be similarity priced. NOPE!However if you are looking for a great shoe boy howdy this is it....very comfortable lots of cushioning and breathable.", "Good fit.light weight", "Nice looking shoes but not sure if they are for 12 year old boys. The fabric is fraying around the top of the shoelaces.  He loves them.", "Fit great, good shoes. It's very comfortable. These shoes are perfect for runing. It's just great. And this seller made it come pretty fast", "PERFECT EVERYTHING!!!! THESE SHOES IS MY MUZZAFELKIN NEW FREEINDS YO. IF UZ UP 2 ME ID OWNZ LYK 200 PURRZ OF DEEZ HOEZ, YA FEEL ME..? REAL SHI BRUH", "I wore the Pegasus when I was running road races in the eighties.  I cycle now; in short, I am stuck on something good thing.", "I will start by saying, I am not a runner, and bought these before going off to school. They were surprisingly comfy, and also very light; perhaps the lightest shoes I have owned. Although not a runner, I am a soccer player, and had to take off for a two mile run one of the first days I owned them. The sneakers, although not broken in, were perfect for the run, and left my feet in tact.I do not like to run, but these shoes make the uncomfortable task tolerable. I run twice a week, and just today ran three miles in these shoes. They are perfect for running or even just walking.", "This is the only shoe I will use for my running.  I run 3 miles everyday, rain or shine, sickness or health and this is the only shoe that allows my body to do that.  I've tried on others, but the fit of the Pegasus is second to none.  Thank you Nike for making the Pegasus!", "I order it on the 29 and I get this product on the 1st and its stands shipping, from Utal to CaliforniaI bought the purple one I look great and I'm very happy with it", "I bought a pair of these shoes while shoping for a high top skate shoe. I was very happy at first. The reason I am writing this review is after only a few months of mostly weekend wear, they now make a squeak noise everytime I take a step. I am unhappy because they make me feel like a clown from a Pink Panther episode. Good try Nike, the stars are for looks, comfort, and grippy soles. The lack of stars are for the rapid decline in quality and need to replace before they are worn out.", "I just received a pair of size 12 Nike 6.0 Mavrks in black/white from this page and I love them. They look rad, got here in 4 days on Standard shipping and they just are awesome.", "I was unable to give a 5 star for this order due to a crease being on the side of one of the shoes. It isn't all that noticeable, but that along with a small white mark that I was able to rub off the shoe was unexpected. I can't complain too much because I decided to order the shoe online when I probably could have gotten it cheaper in the stores due to the shipping cost. Besides all of that, the shoes fit just right, are nice and comfortable and exactly as described.", "They were much too large and I returned them. Pity, they look great. Just didn't have my size. O well.", "I got the correct shoe size, and they're pretty comfortable just have to break them in and them I'm set.", "If you know sneakers, you know AF-1. This is, in my opinion, the sneaker of perfection. Very comfortable, light and perfectly balanced. I am extremely happy with this purchase.", "Although it's a men's NIKE it looks great on women too. Bought them for my 19 yr old daughter who works in a factory and is always on her feet.  Very comfortable. Has her large feet looking very neat.  She loves them!", "I got them, and they are pretty good shoes.  I am used to the puffy shoes, so it was a little of a change, but they're good.", "never again will i buy sneakers online, they are too big and wide for my feet, guess ill just have to give them away.", "I am FDNF in Japan and the shipping over here was excellent. Thank you for sending these shoes to me.", "I've been wearing these for over a year. Comfortable and they look great. When these wear out I will buy another pair.", "These are really comfortable and they fit very good! Came really quickly too! Great buy and a great price. Would buy again.", "Great shoes. Fit great. Very durable.  I have been wearing these shoes at work 10-11 hours a day delivering parcels for a couple weeks. So far comfortable and durable.", "My son loves the shoes! I bought it for him to wear as school uniform shoes. He says the fit is perfect & very comfortable.", "I've been searching the past few years for these Solid Black Air Forces and had No Luck but Once I came across them on here, I ordered them right away. They Arrived when expected and I've been Satisfied since. Thank You.", "Classic", "deliverd on time. fits great as i thought they would. I allready had a pair. the heals do were down quick. I get about 3 months out of a pair.", "They were okay as far as the length but they very on the narrow side. Overall the shoe quality is fine.", "I use these shoes for work. They fit well and give good support. My only compliant is the shoe laces do not stayed tied all the times.", "I bought these shoes for my husband and he loves them!  He wears them to work and he is on his feet all day but he finds them very comfortable and supportive.  This is his 4th or 5th pair over the last few years.  They wear well and I hope Nike keeps selling them!", "Classic staple shoe for any young man's casual outfit.  Black air forces go with everything, from the club, to hanging out.  Not for job interviews though, lol.", "I love these shoes. I prefer the low tops because the high/mid ones make a strange &#34;leathery squish&#34; noise when I walked. I really suggest going to a store and trying them on before ordering online. I wear 10s in AF1s but 10.5 in any other brand.They always look good with anything.", "I was worried when I bought these shoes that they would be an ugly shade of brown due to inaccurate color reproduction on my computer monitor. Such was not the case though. This is a nice pair of Air Force 1's in exactly the color I was looking for. Sweet!", "must have mat black shoes for work.  These shoes are comfortable for the long hrs that i'm on my feet for at work. Replace them every 1 1/2 or so.", "This is a great shoe. I have 3 pairs different colors!! would recommend this shoe to others. You should get a pair as well.", "Very comfortable, the only problem i have with them (other then that they get dirty so easily) is that they are very heavy and it feels like I am walking on blocks of wood. Also around the toe of the shoes the leather wrinkles up and i cant do anything to fix it!!", "They are very hard in the inside when walking in them so if you plan to walk in them for awhile you better go to Target/Wal-mart and get some cushioned insoles for comfort and they look like knock offs.", "My son-law wore out his last pair of nike sandals so this was just what he needed. They fit just right so are true to size.", "This was my 3rd pair of this particular slide on sandal.  I go through about 1 pair a year with frequent (at least an hour a day) or wear.  Due to an ankle injury I simply can not go without some form of footwear, even at home at the end of the day.  These slides are my &#34;house shoes&#34; on top of being my favorite thing to grab to just dash out of the house in a hurry.  They are comfortable, easy to clean, and comfortable.  I'll be buying another pair when these finally wear out.", "I'been wearing these shoes for almost six years. They are part of my daily life. I use them almost all the time while at home. I was looking for them for a while. They are very confortable light and easy to clean.  I always travel with them specially when I go to the beach. They dry off very easy...you never get tired of using them...Hope, Nike continues to deliver these FANTASTIC pair of shoes...good oportunity to show their quality.By the way, I strongly recomend them...", "I love these flip flops. This is the third pair I have bought in ten years. I wear these everywhere, beach, park, fishing on the boat.I think Nike maybe discontinueing them though.", "Fit well, seems to be good material and will last long. This is my second pare my brother and I use both of them for house use", "Ordered as a gift for my brother in law and it fits him perfectly.He has been wearing them for a few months, they hold up well.", "I wear a size 12. This is more like a size 13. It is nice looking though for a sandle", "wow these are great slip on sandals. arch support, cushion and durability. These are simply SUPER SUMMER SLIP-ON SANDALS! WOOT!", "These are great shoes.  I use them for everything during the hot Texas summers. I highly recommend them to anyone", "These slides are very stylish, made of quality lightweight materials, and contours to the shape of your feet.  Unless of course you're like me and have flat feet.  The arches stick me in the ball of my feet all day and feel quite uncomfortable after just a few minutes of wear.  I would probably die if I had to wear these at the beach all day.  Every other slide or flip flop I've tried was flat.  Why couldn't they just leave well enough alone and make them flat like they're supposed to be?  Since they are so light, and hug your feet so well, I guess they would be nice for all you normal people out there, but if you have flat feet like me, STAY AWAY!!!!  Your feet will thank you.*********** 2 Year Update**********I kept wearing them, and my flat feet eventually flattened out the shoe.  Now they're quite comfortable, and they're still holding up after 2 years with no cracks, so I upgraded my rating from 2 to 3 stars.", "Bought my first pair on a store, lasted me around 4 years.Its actually still usable but its near its end.Its simple, it hugs my feed, its elevated on the sides so your feet will be protected from those nasty bumps in the edge of a bed or chair... that hurts a lot.... also its easy to clean, durable, and simple.The nike tags will surely be removed in time but the material/sandal itself will soldier on until its worn out.At first the material will feel icky or sticky but in time it will be ok", "I lived in these when I spent a month in Hawaii.They're classy (not garish like so many), cheap, lightweight, durable and don't retain water. I wouldn't be surprised if they float, but I haven't checked.Can't find these in stores any more, so I'm stocking up.", "C&oacute;modas, como lo publican en la web, muy satisfecho. Me llegaron a tiempo y las estoy disfrutando desde el momento que las recib&iacute;.", "My son had been looking unsuccessfully for this pair of sandals to replace the pair he previously wore.  I found them on Amazon and they were exactly what he wanted.  Fit is great and they were delivered in a very timely manner.", "This is a pre-review concerning my search for cheap, sturdy non-slip sandals. I expect the Nike First-String Slides to arrive in a few days and will follow-up with some hands-on, foots-on results in a few weeks. Spent three hours scouring the thousands of listings here and elsewhere for my $25 or under sandals...time not wasted since I now have a list of preferred products to try. Previously, have used the $19 Okabashi Euro with mixed results. First thing to note is their sizing recomendations, at least for that model, run a little large. Have posted a sep.review on that page.Most of the slip-on sandals in the $15-$30 price range, the enclosed-top type, are not that well made. The Okabashis mentioned, for example, were great four years ago. Since then, they have used a cheaper plastic compound, the things lasting half as long as prev before straps crack/break. I picked the Nike this time because it appears to cup the foot snugly (bad ankle), has what appears to be a decent non-slip sole and looks to be somewhat durable. A previous reviewer found these sandals to be uncomfortable but, by appearance, they will be what I need at a good price. If these don't work out, will spend $30 for an adjustable top-strap type, probably from Adidas or New Balance, IF I can find a model dark enough to obscure those moronic color blazes and checkmarks. I had to assign a rating for this, so starting with a four-star pending a proper review (below).Feb10 follow-up:  Received the sandals as ordered, correct color, size. The seller, ASBY SPORTS/PENTAKIC was fine. The sandal design/matl's were not. Though they look nice, fit well and were comfortable for my one-time carpet-walk, they have one fatal flaw, described below. As for size, the size 10 was good for me. I have close to a size 11 foot. For a guy with size-10 feet, these size 10's would be a little loose. The problem I found, obvious on opening the box, was that the sandal is molded from one piece of extremely lightweight plastic with a shiny, slippery-smooth sole. One reason I ordered these sandals was the claim on the JC Penney website, \"injection molded Phylon sole for great durability and traction.\" Traction? All I can say about this is that anyone wearing these things on damp kitchen or bathroom tiles, or around a swimming pool, will slip and fall within ten microseconds of stepping on the wet surface. The only reason I'm rating these suicide-slides two-stars rather than one is that they would be okay in Arizona or any other bone-dry climate and they are nicely designed aside from the slippery soles.", "sturdy and handy sandal for summer wear and around the pool or in the yard. I have had these for several months and they seem like they will last a long time.", "My second pair.  I've tried many sandals and this design is by far my favorite.  My last pair lasted 3 years.  Too bad Nike doesn't make them anymore.  I was happy to see someone on Amazon still selling them.", "Here in Hawaii, everybody wears what we call slippahs(slippers). As soon as you get through work, take off  the stupid shoes, and put on the slippers. I'd hate to think how many pairs of slippers the average Hawaii resident wears in a lifetime. It would be a LOT, because we wear them all the time, everywhere(except work). So, when you have kalua(big)feet like me, size 14, it's hard to find my size. Hello Amazon! Size 100, no problem. Anyway , I love these slippers. They're made from one continuous piece of rubber(as opposed to the usual two piece style). So, they'll last. And because they fit perfectly, comfort is guaranteed. Best slippers I've owned so far.", "men i am a female who bought this for my boyfriend who is a Fed US Agent. so i want to see him relaxed for a min. i order these in a size 11 for I know what is in style for men. i seen that almost all sizes were avilable only to get them on 7/3/2010 and noticed they are super big. yes, they sent me a size 12. what a disappointment on service. no one reads. i spend my time to get something online when i can go right to NYC Niketown store or NBA store where I shop all the time. who knew this would be so bad. then i email the guy who does not send me a returned label but wait until Amazon files a complaint. y spend my hard earned money to ship it back when the mistake is there to see the take 3 weeks to process a return. heck no. too long for customer to wait. i need my money now as it was given. hire help if you are too busy to read a shoe size. never again. i will stick with what i know best.", "I bought these for my son who does not like to wear flip flops.  He loves these!!  Easy on and easy to wear.  They are also very durable.", "Very lite fits well. Its a good comfort after a long day kicking off the boots in the evening. Nice and cool", "These sandals are very comfortable and are easy to keep clean, you can just spray them off.  We use them as household slippers just wear them with socks.", "Bueno los zapatos me parecen algo comodos pero un poco poblematicos al momento de ponerse ya que el espacio para meter el pie es muy estrecho por muchas seguridades que tiene el zapato, el producto me llego dentro de los tiempos estimados bien enbalado. Su dise&ntilde;o y sus colores son muy bonitos.", "I really liked these shoes for my son, he wore them on and off the court for indoor soccer.  I would have bought him another pair but he wore them without socks and it stunk up my shoe closet.", "True to size. I bought these for my 17 yr old son for a gift and he loved them! Quality product for half the price they are in the malls m", "started to tear along the rim above the laces but not too bad and dont really mind it. shoes are comfortable and look great", "These were my first low dunk skate shoes and I gotta say that I love them. The fit comfortably and are a perfect fit. I got a half size bigger (10.5) because my size of 10 was not available and it fit perfectly. Would definitely recommend these shoes.", "Love these! Where them a lot! They look great and fit really well!made very well and durable! I highly recommend!", "Terrible.  Bought these for the winter and couldn't be more disappointed.  They are completely useless as the sole is \"breathable\" and has holes all over the show that lets in water and leads to soaking wet socks.  They are way less waterproof than normal patent leather sneakers of any type.  Do not purchase if your intention is to brave the elements. They are comfortable for normal purposes.", "So I got these in the winter, thinking they were waterproof \"duck boots.\" They are actually less waterproof than regular sneakers. They are very comfortable, but are completely useless unless all you're going for is to look like as if you're wearing duck boots.", "These boots are terrible! Yes they are stylish and comfortable but they are not waterproof what so ever. First day I wore them in the snow my feet were soaked within 10 minutes! I would not recommend these to anyone looking for a quality boot to wear in the winter time.", "My son is on his second pair of these. He wore the last pair every single day for the past year!! He finishes basketball practice and slides into these. The are very true to size. He wears an eight in mens and they fit perfect. Not to wide. Will continue to make sure we have a pair handy at all times since he wears them to school daily and also after ball practice.", "I decided to stick with Nike after my 5 year old pair of a similar sandal started to break apart (now used as my gym shower shoes), and chose these sandals.They are nice, especially now after breaking them in for a few months.  It's tough to beat the price as well.  My lack of 5 stars is due to the tightness of the padded upper initially.  After using my old sandals for so long, I was very used to being able to casually throw them on and walk out the door.  However these were too tight for the first couple of weeks, and after one day my feet were very tender on top due to the padding.  I don't have particularly large feet, so I imagine this would be a problem with other sizes as well.Overall though, these are great casual sandals to wear just about anywhere.  Traction is good, though I would expect that to wear away with further use in future years.", "size was awful.. can't use it.. it's not a real size 11. as i got a size 11 crocs which was a perfect fit", "I love it didnt even get dirty beutiful quality just the right size well done very good job well done", "Great product", "I am normally a 7.5 2E or 8E, depending on the style and brand of footwear.  I sized up to a 9M hoping the width would suffice, but alas that was not the case.  I could try to snug my feet in, but they would probably stretch out too soon. Oh well.", "My 1st pair lasted over 3 years :)I wore them almost daily :)Now on my 2nd pair,I wont recommend another sandal to anyone :)Just go with nike,you cant fail :)", "Don't fit your feet!!! they squeeze on the top of your foot! not very comfortable either, don't recommend buying enless you got girl feet", "I am almost positive these are women's sandals.....My foot will not even fit through the sandals and I dont have wide feet.  I just threw away the packaging before I even tried them on because I was on a hurry and now I am stuck with these sandals that are not even close to fitting.", "I got them for my from they fit fine he likes them they are grippy so they won't fall off.", "Ordered my shoe size, could hardly get on foot. Wish I had ordered 2 sizes larger. Would like to return.", "Bought this as a gift for my boyfriend; he loves them! One of the few slide-on athletic sandals that doesn't crack and break so easily. Great product", "I ordered these sandals in size 11 men's for my husband and I received size 11 women's even tho the reciept states men's the tag on the shoe states women's .. they don't fit him .. :-(", "I bought these as a gift for my mom. When I first purchased them the picture of the sandal was of a black Nike slide, but when I got the shoe it was a grey one. I actually liked the grey one much better as these were for my mom. I bought her a 7.5 and they fit perfect. I know these say Mens, however they fit perfect for a women.", "I wear a size 9.5 to 10 shoe.  Ordered size 10 but sandals are way too small to wear.  Don't see size indicated on package or shoe but can't be a men's size 10.", "The product is as expected except the foot bridge is super tight and expands and contracts. I cannot get my foot to stay with the pressure. I ordered an extra size larger and still is difficult to wear. I thought they were solid but band flexes like a rubber band  would not buy again. Wasted my money here", "Tight across the arches. Will hopefully stretch with time. Otherwise, they have very good construction, look and feel. They look sharp.", "Slippery. Tight. Very uncomfortable shoe. Not adjustable either so I'm just screwed. Should've paid closer attention to the product description. I guess if you have tiny narrow feet these would be ok, but I think with them being unadjustable, it would be difficult for them to fit well!", "The left sandal was fine and I liked the fit.  The top band on the right sandal was attached slightly wrong in manufacturing and the strap drew too tight across my foot and the sandal always sat slightly crosswise to my foot.  I wore them for a week hoping it would loosen up and sit right, it didn't.  Rather than waste my time trying to return them used I threw them out, went into MC Sports, and bought some Adidas that fit.  Not what I expected from Nike.", "Useless for use in the gym since it gets wet and then takes several days to dry out. Probably not for using in the gym.", "I ordered the Nike sandals for my teenage son. The price was great compared to buying local. The sizing was as expected, he was very happy with them.", "The product arrived on time and in great condition.  Also the sizing was perfect!  This is to fill space because it makes you have too many words for a simple explanation.", "I have these in black, blue and gray, and I like them a lot.  They are all size 10 but the blue pair fits differently to the other two.  No matter, they will see a lot of wear.", "They can on time and they fit perfectly!", "We share these at our house we own a few pairs and they do get passed around.I wear them in the shower to clean them and they look like new for a long time.With socks without you can beat these slides.", "Fits perfect, and is it very comfortable.  The inside is very soft and it looks nice with blue jeans, thanks.", "Feels good little bit too tight In time  i hope they will stretch out. Feels good on the bottom of my feet", "Good quality, a little tight at first but conforms to the foot well after a little breaking in. Overall I'm glad I purchased these.", "It looks OK-OK. It has a little hard base. So do not consider if you need a very soft base.", "They run small in size. I ordered a size 10 for my Husband, (since he wore out his other Nike slides during his deployment to Afghanistan) but he could not get his feet in them. Rather than send them back, I just gave them to my Father in Law, & purchased my Husband some new Nike slides from Finish Line online.", "I purchased a size 11 but feels like 9. The length is right, but the width does not match with the size. Too tight.", "These sandals are Very comfortable yet durable.  Great sandal at a great value!  My husband loved them. I highly recommend them", "really comfy and perfect for the summer. also they go with basically everythingreally comfy and perfect for the summer. also they go with basically everything", "These are exactly what he wanted.", "the sandals fit great. But, wrong size. Ineed a 12 size to fit me.  the 16 is longer than i need them to be. I will keep them because I need something to wear around while in afghanistan.", "I ordered this item for a co- worker son. She wanted to get them something but don't have a computer. He love it!!! She said he didn't want to take them off.", "These sandals last, can be used as slippers or sandals, and hold up for a long time.  My 17 year old son loves theses.  A staple in his closet.", "Nice and soft, hugs my feet just right. At first it seemed a little small but turned out to be perfect.", "I was hoping for sandals similar to the one that I had but these fit much more snugly due to the high arch support", "It's not wide over the foot like my previous ones purchased several years ago even though it was the same size!Unable to wear these 2 pairs I ordered!", "I bought these sandals for my husband and he loves them.  The size fits perfectly and are very comfortable to wear.  The shoes are water resistent as well.  No complaints so far.", "Being a Nike product, I assumed it wil be well made, which it was.  Another quality touch was that it had a padded upper.  The problem with it is that before it's broken in, it doesn't feel right; your foot doesn't easily set as the padded upper is too small/too tight to allow your foot forward.  As a result, unless you break them in, you are walking with your heel at the end of the shoe which is rather disconcerting...", "Extremely Comfortable and the sizes are correct. Though be careful because the white nike symbol gets stained easily. Will surely buy it over and over again.", "I bought a 13 and it was to small, all my other shoes are a 13. Just bought a 14 hopefully it will work. but it's very comfy.", "So far this sandal has met every expectation. It fits well, seems to be durable, and overall very light and sturdy. I like the simple style of it and thats why i purchased them in the first place.If I had to say something negative i would say the strap is a bit snug out of the box but seems to be stretching out appropriately.Overall a great purchase, worth the price for sure.", "uncomfortable", "The sandals are pretty comfy and are extremely well-suited for indoor use. However, they do take a lot of time to dry after a shower, especially the top cushion of the sandal.", "Usually when ordering sandles, they run a little large, but this this case, I would say they run a little small. Keep that in mind when buying. Overall still comfortable and good.", "Soft as hell! Thought that these wouldn't be as great as the Adidas slippers I owned but these where 10x better in every aspect and even cheaper too!!", "I'm not sure if this was intended for humans. I ordered a size 14, and it is long enough (a bit too long even), but it's about half as wide as my foot.Buy at least 2 sizes larger if you want this thing to fit.Quality seems good though, solid rubber, good padding, too bad it's shape and sizing is WAY off.", "It's not that they think it looks cool.. (and if you're that person.. trust me they do not make you look cool stop trying to do what everyone else is doing)  They are simply trying to stretch them out a little so they can have circulation back in their feet.", "My husband was pleased as its not easy to find shoes sandles or slippers for size 15. Ill be sure to shop this site again.", "I've been wearing these around the house for a long time now and they are always really comfortable and are still in great condition despite the fact that shoes don't usually last me very long.  I'm really happy with this purchase.", "This sandle is too tight and will not fit a foot with high arches.  No velcro adjustment is available to accomodate a wide or high foot.  I tried and tried to let the sandle Stretch into shape but it was soo tight that it was painful.  Finally gave it to my girlfriend who has smaller feet.  Love the Nike swoosh but....no go and a waste of money for me.", "I bought this shoes for my 80 years old father. He wears it everyday. The shoes is comfortable and light weight.", "So I got a Size 9 my normal foot size. i got a size 10 since I read comments that said it was to small and the band across the front is still tight even though its a size up. So go up like 2 sizes. other then that uber comfy!", "These sandals are not that bad. It is pretty comfortable and good fitting. Sometimes when I put the sandals on I had to push feet or force my feet to fit. I should be got 8.5 but I'm okay with 8. This item is a need and I need it to look good with my Nike Outfits. Thx", "My feet are average width/height, but I can't put these on without jamming my foot inside.  Apparently, they are designed for people with paper feet.  Disappointed and returning.", "They seem really small. And I don't have big feet. They aren't small (ladies) but not huge either. Just average. But the sandals are tiny.", "The slides are way too tight. I'm returning them for one with an adjustable strap. Basically if you're getting the bigger foot sizes (above an 11) I wouldn't go with this.", "Bought them for my boyfriend. He loved them and very quick shipping. I would recommend them to anybody looking for this item.", "I really like these. This is my 3rd pair, and they are very comfortable. good for walking around the house.", "Really nice sandals, look good and feel awesome on it!! i would buy it again if need it!! great product!!", "US fit of husband's size 10D that has not changed; Construction very well made, stylish, expected of Polo brand; US men's size require one size up than you usually order; having to reorder. I hate returns. :(", "My son wears a size 14D and we purchased a pair of these at a local store. They were the models with an adjustable Velcro strip over the foot. The pair I ordered from Amazon was a solid strap, so consequently they didn't fit. The sandals themselves were great, wore well and he loved them, but if the wearer is large in stature, these probably aren't what you want.", "Fit great", "This product is very comfortable to wear and great for wearing before and after baseball games. Another great product by nike.", "Truly ballin in these. make you look like a straight stunner. G status in these slides. so ballin, big pimpin.", "I'm tall. My feet are 12 1/4\" long and 4.75\" wide--standard for size 15. Unfortunately these size 15 sandals were short *and* narrow. You may have to upsize your order.I'm exchanging for 16s or Adidas Duramos. I have worn out size 14s of those--they fit. I like the concave footbed but the upper material rubs my top foot. The Nike Swooshs' have a top foot cushion but with a flat footbed.Both sandals have comparable prices so try them out.", "Not as good of quality as it looked.  Just a bit small for the size.  A little pricey for the quality.", "I love the smell.They feel so confortable.They feel great.They are worth the money , and have no regrets at all.", "fast shipping .fair pricei recommend these sandals if your interested.product is just as shown in the picture .i would buy again.", "Purchased as a gift for my father with the intent for them to be used as house shoes/easy to wear when stepping outside to grill or sit on the patio. The shoe itself is fine; however, the band is not flexible. My dad regifted them and we had to make another purchase of a similar item. The seller was great and easy to work with.", "the strap part is way too short to make it thick enough for my husband's feet with any other materials on it other than his bare feet.", "Good quality shower shoes and also plenty comfortable while just schlepping around the house. The thick soles let me walk around outside too. Best scuffies I've had in a while.", "The one and only top strap broke away from the sandal. Granted it was well used, but it could have been used more.", "I suck at wearing sandals.  Thong style is not even an option for me.  I purchased this with very high hopes.  I'm sure a lot of the problem has to do with me but they constantly slip off.  After trying on a bunch of other Nike sandals at a sporting goods store, i regretted this purchase.  There are so many better options out there.  Go try some on in person before buying online.", "nice slide a bit small for my husband who wears a size 10 reg shoe, o ordered a size 11 so not quite true to fit his foot fits just on the rim while walking. so it a bit uncomfortable so he only wore once about a hour.", "My husband wears these Nike sandals all the time. He says they are one of the best sandals he's worn.", "nice and tight fit comfortable and great look. i was skeptical after hearing how people said they were tight, but its meant to fit tighter, but its not so tight you cant wear them.", "Overall length is appropriate for my foot, but strap was way too tight. I have very average, medium width size 11 feet. I hoped that wearing them around the house for a few days would loosen it up, but no luck. They are going back today. Thank goodness for Amazon's return policy.", "Great sandals, fit. regular size. excellent queality nice to use in cold weather too with socks, look great really. bye", "Great sandles, but fit kinda small. I had to give them to my brother. I ordered a size twelve, but maybe a 14 would have been better. Great quality and comfort though ( my bro loves them )", "Not a lot of choices for men wearing a size 18 but we can always count on Nike to fit well for my son.", "My boyfriend and I work at a summer camp and he really needed shoes he could wear around water. I bought him these and I was a little worried, but they're perfect. He's flat footed but these shoes fit him wonderfully, and they dry in a reasonable amount of time if you leave them out to do so. They're comfortable and he wears them all the time now. Thanks!", "The shoe is the correct length, but the unadjustable strap is alil too small I had to stretch it out over time so that it would some what fit. Great price.", "I must say I received the product sooner than expected. For that I must commend but the product is made in China  Does it meet the American standard?", "Length-wise these were true to size (I wear a size 12) but they are a much too narrow for me.  I literally have to squeeze my foot into them and then tap on a wall to further get them in all the way.  I figured wearing them for a week or two would stretch them out but they didn't stretch one bit and left my feet aching.  I don't believe that ordering a size up would have fixed the problem either - I just think they're not wide enough.  For the record, I don't have wide/fat feet either and I'm not a big guy (I'm 6'1&#34; 190 lbs).  Don't get me wrong, the overall quality of these are very good.  They are very well made and I could see them lasting a long time.  If you're looking for a tight fit then go ahead and order these...otherwise I wouldn't recommend them.", "There amazing and worth the money! I wear them everywhere cause they look too nice.They fit perfectly and are soft.", "I have have many pair of cheap shower type foot wear and did not think it make that much better if I spent more. Was I wrong as this pair is great on my feet and looks great and have kept up with a lot of wear and tear but still look and feel new.", "I have a similar model Nike sandal that I purchased about 10 years ago that has nearly worn out after heavy use. I was very satisfied with that sandal and wanted to purchase a similar Nike sandal. First of all after opening the box and trying on these sandals I discovered that this sandal is at least 1/2-1 size small, i.e. I ordered a mens' size 11, my actual foot size is exactly 10.5, and this sandal just barely fits with no exposed edge left whatsoever in the entire sandal (and I'm close to my ideal body weight, not overweight at all). Next it's made of a comparatively thinner polymer material that provides minimal cushioning to absorb shocks. My older sandal had a much thicker sole with a thick tread pattern for non-slip walking, and had a form fitted arch so that my foot neatly fitted into it without slipping when walking, etc. This sandal has none of those good design properties: its sole is much thinner in comparison with minimal arch support; and the tread pattern is comprised of relatively small ridges that do not appear to be thick enough to prevent slipping on wet hard surfaces.Also as another reviewer mentioned the underside of the front support is a fabric-like material that absorbs moisture like crazy so no wonder he said they smelled \"funky\" after a short time..this material if it stays wet is expected to be subject to mold growth.Btm line: save your $ and don't buy this sandal, especially if you've owned similar older Nike sandals. I'm keeping these but will only use them at the gym in the locker shower room which is the intended purpose, but what a disappointment! I'm keeping my older Nike sandals which although they are worn, they are vastly superior design and quality-wise.", "They were a gift for my so. And he wears them everyday. I would buy another pair.  Great gift, great color as well.", "the style looks similar to the hook and loop adjustable dandle, but they do not adjust. just slip on but good enough for the shower.", "Somewhat snug around the feet i just bought a size up from my regular size other that no they are very good sandals", "I'm a size 12 with a wider than average foot and these are a little snug, but seem to be breaking in and are very comfortable.  I'd recommend them!", "These sandals actually fit size wise very good, its the piece that goes over my foot that seems too small for my feet.  These keep coming off my feet when I am walking; I have a high arch and that might be the problem, maybe they will stretch and stay on my feet once they are broken in, but, I don't wear them any longer as they do not stay on my feet.  I will not buy this type sandal again.", "I had hoped that these would be a little wider. I have somewhat narrow feet and I still feel like these slip-ons choke my feet a little. I usually buy soft house shoes, but I thought I'd get with the times and try these. I wear a 10.5 in shoes so I figured a .5 size up and I'd be comfortable in these, but not exactly. Maybe a full size up would be best.", "I brought these for my 10 year old son, he loves them, a little roomy but I brought them that way on purpose.", "Slides arrived fast during the Christmas Holidays.  They are perfect.  My son loves these Nike Swoosh Slide Sandals.  Will be back.", "order came on time and in all original packaging. i ordered these for my husband for our beach trip and he loved them. He has a narrow foot so they were a little big on him and they seem to run just a little big for him but they were great shoes over all.", "a little small.but it is OK. I can accept it.Maybe next time, I'd get a bigger one.that is all.", "I loved the fact that it came on line but for a slippers they could have packaged it better than that. A big box for a small slipper was not what i expected and it ended up costing me more money to clear.", "These work really well for after soccer to save the cleats from getting ruined on the pavement.  They offer a little support for tired feet, too.  Product came on time and as described.", "Just a little narrow (I normally wear size 10-1/2). However, they seem to be stretching out a little to fit. Close enough that I'm not going to bother trading them for larger.", "Good material soft and stretchy to conform to my feet. However I only went 1 size up and I have wide feet, so they don't fit well.", "The base of the shoe fits well.  However the strap over the top is tight on my foot and doesn't allow it to slide all the way to the front.  I feel like it's getting broken in. But they work fine to wear to the gym!", "They were a gift for my boyfriend and he loves them. True to size and exactly as they are pictured. Great price. Nice sandal.", "I use these are shower flip flops so I havent the experience of putting these through the rigors of daily life, but so far so good.  They are thick, comfy, feel durable, and they dry out within 24 hours with no wierd odors.  The one dowsize I found is the sizing.  I ordered a size up like everyone suggested and they are still a bit too tight.  I ordered 3 pairs so maybe I shoulda ordered one first and THEN ordered the next sizes, but whatever, they work great.", "The upper is too small and although the sole fits fine, it is difficult and uncomfortable to slip in and out of these slippers, which I bought as pool shoes. I would not recommend these except maybe for a person with flat feet.", "Shoe is of average comfort.  The soles are kind of hard and uneven.  Shoe is too narrow so I would order one size up to fit your feet perfectly.", "These slippers were too close a fit. Even though they were purchased, as a gift, for someone with pretty narrow feet. They would be better if they were a wider width.", "The last pair I bought fit a little less snuggly.  They are not bad enough to return and am hoping that they will stretch a little.", "These are narrow and overpriced.  I went crazy trying to get a pair that were wide enough and finally found some at Walmart for 6 bucks.  They are not made by Nike but who cares?  They work great and are comfortable.", "Great sandal for the money you pay for. Pretty comfy sandals to use and are pretty durable. I recommend any one to buy them", "I use these sandals for about everything and they still look new. At first it may feel tight but after a day or 2, it will feel better. It runs by size.", "very good condition and perfect the exact size I got were a little tight but spectacular mind well and arrived on time and the color I like, and super lightweight", "these shoes are a very comfortable fit for daily use and i would highly recommend purchasing a pair for yourself.", "I bought these for my hubby as a replacement for a 10+ year old pair that he refuses to throw away, and they were a HUGE hit! They fit perfectly (he wears an 11.5 and I bought the size 12 since they do not come in half sizes) and he says they are very comfy. May not be a great fashion statement, but much better than the ratty old pair (also Nike) and we can support a regional brand. We are both quite pleased!", "My husband is very pleased with item.  The sandals fit just right and this is the second pair that I've purchased for him (the other pair is a similar pair made by Nike).  I highly recommend this item for young and old.", "Ok sandals.  But I prefer the ADIDAS.  I have a wide foot, the ADIDAS fit fine, but were and were regular width. These were uncomfortably tight.  So if you are like me, with a wide foot (2E), and cant find any wide shower shoes, pass on these.  I only bought them because I lost one of my ADIDAS and couldn't order another pair without paying shipping.", "Fabulous fit, look great, feel awesome, and best of all, great price and great service. Delivered as promised and I am thrilled.", "Great pair of slides that have lasted me well the past 2 years. Very comfortable and can be worn with socks which is a huge plus for me. The only reason I give them 4 stars instead of 5 is because they stay wet for a LONG time! If you are using slides to shower with, I would recommend a different pair so that they dry out quicker. It can get annoying to have wet slides for days afterwards.", "Somehow I expected an adjustable strap.  Silly me.  There is no adjustment on the bright blue plastic babies.  So long as you have a flat foot - no high arch - it'll work.  Otherwise, it's just another &#34;toss in the closet&#34; item.  I have a lot of shoes back there, so what's another pair?", "Super cozy, I bought them for my boyfriend for his brithday and he wears them all the time and says they're very cozy. Shipped here early and looked just like the picture.", "My 14 yr old son is very tough on shoes. He's very active in sports & can wear the soles down quickly. I've noticed on his other flip flops, not Nike, that they tend to bend upwards in the front, but these have lasted very well, Thank you!", "I needed sandals, they have begun to wear in, and for the most part are reasonably comfortable. I use them for after basketball practice, and again, they work fine. If you hear about any other pair of sandals that are incredible or great, I would pass on these and try them out....", "Run small in size, not happy with product, too much of a hassle to returnneed to order 1 size bigger", "I should have known better than to have ordered my exact size in these slippers, then again, it didn't say anywhere on the reviews that they ran small.  Other than that I'm sure they would have been very comfortable.", "I ordered size large and the length was about right.  But the fit over the mid foot is too small and my foot doesn't stay in the sandal.  I have a flat arch so the fit must be especially small.", "very nice :D :D :D A+++++++++++++++++++++++++ lo mejor bien :3 d  d d fdd df fd dc d df f", "just love it, good cushion, fits perfect. like the other products of this brand, just perfect. if you wanna walk for a long time", "Not bad sandals with nice, thick soles, but I purchased them for use as shower shoes (...on a US Army post).  Unfortunately, the material used in the cross-strap is absorbent.  With regular use they don't dry properly and begin to smell funky.", "I bought this as a gift for someone and they loved it. I'm glad and a satisfied customer.This was a great purchase.", "I bought these for my 11 year old son, and they fit true to size.  He loves them, and says they are very comfortable.", "Totally what I expected. I bought this for my son and he loves them. Quality and fit are Nike standard.", "I usually don't buy Nike shoes because they run too small for me. But I needed something for the gym. They're great in protecting my feet in the shower, But they run a size too big. Just a FYI", "My husband loves these shoes and so do I. I think I wear them more that he does. Very comfortable.", "I've found better quality in a 99 cent store. The size 12 fits like a size 10. Walking on these feels like walking on plywood, the sole if very hard.I'm surprised Nike would put its name on something of such mediocre quality.", "Item is not adjustable, so you need to order a size or two bigger. (depending on your width) Over all liked it!!", "love them . fit perfectly. as expected. so easy to put on and get off with those big wooly winter socks on!", "Feel comfortable in my feet. It doesn't hurt my feet. I can walk in the street with it in my feet", "These are very comfy and I like them a lot. They are like sturdy spa slippers and feel very soft. Easy to put on and off. Perfect for the summer.", "They fit great and as expected, BUT, you shouldnt get them if you have fat feet because they are kinda tight, but not in a bad way! They have super soft padding underneath it that fits tight in a way that you know your foot wont loose the sandal when you're walking.", "I fell in love with these the first time I searched them, and knew I had to have them. I was a little apprehensive of purchasing these at first because they are men's sizing only, and women's sandals didn't compare to these at all and were even a little more pricier. I am a size 7 in Women's and went ahead and ordered the size 6 in men's. I have no complaints because I appreciate the extra half inch my toes now have. The fit was a little tight but within about 20 minutes of wearing they stretched to become quite comfortable. I haven't started my track season yet but I will definitely use these sandals as a pre/post choice to wear, because they look nice and feel amazing. And, considerably durable. Overall, I would recommend to anyone who wants a simple but clean style and comfortable wear.", "Received on time but width is too small for my feet. Also, not sure if this is wearable in the shower...", "I've had this for years. It's every comfortable, and fits just &#34;well&#34; on my feet.The price is also reasonable for this quality; however, do not ever bend the sandals (try not to, even if it was an accident)because the rubber is too fragile, and will crack eventually (which really isn't great at all)", "its a good shoe but the Velcro part is too small needs to be bigger cause when i wear socks with he shoe i literally have to squeeze them to get threw its a pain in the but i still love my nike sandals", "Theses are great.  They last a long time.  Secure fit and comfortable as well.  This is my second pair.  Nike rocks.", "Comfortable sandles for after sports or even just to kick back at home or wherever. They somewhat shape to your feet you can say after a while so they only get more comfortable. The design fresh all black with leather front and the big White Nike Swoosh! They have lil bumps where your foot goes and those shape they relaxing Chanklas! ha Low budget they good enough.", "Good shoes but they are a little too narrow for my foot .THey should make them more broad . Otherwise it is good to go.", "size not consistnet with known measure foot size.  bridge too tight for my normal sized foot.  1 star rating here.", "I needed a quick pair of sandals and saw this on the front page. Great reviews was what persuade me to give this pair of shoes a chance. Everything about these sandals are great, however, I wish I had purchased a half a size bigger.", "It has been a year and these slippers are still going strong. I wear them out and about the house and when I want something comfortable after a workout. Definitely recommend these.", "perfect size on time i like this product and it is very cheap i recommend this color size perfect product", "Amazing slippers long lasting and versatile. Looking for slippers here they are definitely worth purchasing and using. I used them to play basketball and for everyday around the house use.", "Fits pretty good and is comfortable. That's all you should want to know if you're going to buy this product.", "He loved them they were just what he wanted, did not give him blisters quill order another pair soon enough", "These shoes are definitely not true to size and don't make much of a difference even after &#34;breaking them in&#34;. Dont buy in your size", "They look amazing and are super comfortable. However, they are smaller across the strap than I thought and they're not adjustable, so that sucks. Get a size larger than normal.", "My Step-son has been wanting a pair of these and we finally bit the bullet and got them this year!", "Hey, if you want to walk around with Styrofoam underneath your feet, well, these sandals are perfect for you! I personally like rubber because rubber is higher quality, but I guess Styrofoam works great if you are on a budget. Perfect sandal for that person you hate in your life!", "These are really nice quality sandals with good grip and feel nice after long usage, my only complaint is the top strap to the end of the sandal is a bit long so it has excess space to the edge", "I had to return this item, because it was too narrow for my foot and very uncomfortable for me to wear.", "this Nike slippers is real strong and long lasting and looks great i wear mines to work im from the Caribbean so we like  to where slippers at all times  a great buy", "Bought these to wear casually around instead of flip-flops.  They are lightweight and extremely comfertable, moreso than I had anticipated.  They wipe clean easily as others have said, only downside I noticed (and it's not that big of a deal,) is that they are not actually leather.  For the price, they are worth every penny.", "Thanks! I really enjoy my slippers! Have a great day and a happy new year!! They are comfortable and I wear them every single day", "THe sandals are very nice, wish we would have ordered a larger size.  We will know better next time.  Otherwise, arrived in a timely manner and in good condition.", "Very nice sandal but the top is too tight, and not adjustable. I got size 12, the length is good, but my foot won't slide in past my toes, so my heel hangs off the back & the front sticks way out. So I bought Walmart slide sandals for $7 which fit & work fine.", "got these for my son that wears a size 15 and they fit great but didnt know they wasnt adjustable but that was on me but good shipping time and thank you", "awesome nike slides! my first pair! a tip, dont use them while balling it will destroy them!!!but theyre comfy and cool and i like it", "I ordered a 12 and can barely stuff my foot in it.  I have never needed anything larger than a 12 so the sizing is clearly off.", "Poor fit. Ridiculusly narrow tight band. Ordered two sizes larger than needed and band should have been twice as big an opening.", "Just gave them to my son today for guys birthday and he loves them", "Comfortable. Great for everyday wear or just to wear around the house. They are completely water proof so they could be used for shower shoes also. Great to wear around the gym after/before a workout and not too expensive for the quality. Overall good buy.", "Unfortunately these are my second pair because my wife bought me the same ones I had before for my birthday buy didn't know that I had to get rid of them because in the heat they shrink! No lie, anywhere, the beach, lake, your car, you leave them there for an hour or two and they are three sizes too small! Never been so disappointed with nike for selling a crap product at a high mark up, they need to get rid of these sandals! They are horrible!", "I bought these sandals since they where advertised as usable for showering for the gym, the strap retains water and are not easy to dry to keep in a gym bag.As with most Nike footwear, the sandals are too small for wide feet which I expected.  They keep good traction in shower though.", "This was  a good buy and I am satisfied.  I  feel  that they are fairly priced, and from an excellent company.  I do havea little problem keeping them on my feet.  I have found that if I drag my feet, they will stay on better.  Over all, I am wellpleased.", "i was looking for some sandals because i hate the thong style flip flop and i came across these and they are great.  Very comfortable, built to last and easy to clean.  I would recommend these sliders.", "These sandals were too small on my feet and I figured a size five would fit me since its Mens", "Ive been looking for some sandals like these. They seem very strong and i wear them every where. The reason i give 5 stars is because i don't have nothing to complain about.", "Great sandals", "I never where shoes now due to these. very comfortable and wearable in socks. Socks! yes, I wear them with socks", "Firstly, I want to say Unique Soles fulfilled my order and they shipped very promptly.I bought them to wear after long workouts, especially after I run. I don't really want to do that with these because there is a layer of spandex-like material and foam on the underside of the &#34;strap&#34; (or whatever you prefer to call it). I have a feeling it absorbs sweat quite well and would probably start to smell bad after a while. It says they can be used for taking a shower in the description, but I wouldn't recommend doing so because of the foam.  I just wear them around the house and they are comfortable. I bought a size 13 and they fit perfectly.If you want comfortable shoes for your day off, go for it. If you want shower shoes, look elsewhere.", "I got these for my mom so she would stop stealing mine. They were different than mine, though, because they are significantly tighter around the foot. Because of this there is extra pressure on the sole, which would be fine if the sole of the shoes weren't so firm. She's tried breaking them in, but ultimately is still stealing my shoes every day.", "They sent us slides 4 sizes to small that's not an accident that was awful of them to do. its so hard to return things and that's what they want to send you anything they want and hope you cant or wont send it back! Wont ever buy from there again!!!!", "Unless you have extremely small feet, these will be too tight around the strap for most folks.  I decided I couldn't &#34;break them in&#34; so thus will have to return them.", "Extremely comfortable my boyfriends loves these and I steal them all the time. Bought them as a gift but wish they were mine.", "Fit as expected, they worked just as a sandal would. I shouldn't have to post extra verbage to fill this out.", "Super narrow. I couldn't even get 3 of my toes in them. Shipping cost make returning them almost pointless. Look elsewhere.", "HARD CHEAP PLASTIC BOTTOM AND THE TOP IS UNGLUED FROM THE BOTTOM ON ONE SIDE WHEN I GOT THEM. If it wasn't such a pain in the rear to return stuff these would be going back. They will do for my husband until the strap comes completely unglued. These are NOTHING like the Benassi slides that Nike had before.", "It was hard to decide what a sixteen year old wants and i gave these to my brother and he loves them!", "My son loves these Nike slides, he says they're very comfortable, they don't slip off accidentally but they are easy to get in & out of.  They fit as expected and arrived quickly.", "Good for walking arond the house, not really good for water. You still slide. Go one size up I purchashed it thatbway from another review", "the 16 is my sons size but they run large so order a size smaller but he still loves them I brought two pairs . I had to return his first set, they were wide .  No problem with returns!!", "What size would I get if I am a nine in womens? I would really like a pair of these in need of them after Basketball and baseball I would even wear these in school much better than skater shoes as  Im guessing from the other reviews Anyways will anyone help me?", "I really love these Nike sandals. They're very comfortable, and also fitting. I would recommend this item to anyone looking for new sandals. Perfect for around the house, or if you're headed to a short day of classes.", "I bought these for my son and they were a perfect fit and he wears them all the time! Great!!!!", "Just runs a bit small, so get a size bigger than normal. I wear size 15 so this fit me a little snug, gotta wear it to size.", "Got these for my son..they fit very well . The expected quality of a Nike product very satisfied with my purchase.", "the price is deffinitly right on these sandals! and theyre super comfy! perfect for your boyfriend or even your self!", "I love the look of my Nike sandals, but whenever I am in them my feet (especially my right foot) always seem to slip down a bit, so they are not always as snug as I would like for them to be.  Almost wish they had a backing on them.  But overall very happy with them.", "Classic sandals and they fell good on your feet. make a statement with these classical shoes by buying you a pair", "After reading the reviews of others who may have ordered this same slippers I decided to order a size bigger because in the reviews it was stated that its a small fit so may have to order one or two sizes up. Unfortunately I did so and it was too big for my dad. He said it is most comfortable so i will surely recommend it to others its just that the size up does not work for everyone.", "the return policy is that u pay some fee(s), so u'd buy the shoes twice and have nothing to show for it..so I have some fricken shoes that i'll save to give to some one as a prank..", "These might fit a woman with size 10 feet, but they are way too small for me.  In lieu of returning them, they went to the Salvation Army.", "I gave these to my husband and he loves them. He wears them all the time. Great purchase. I would buy again.", "Fit well and very comfortable, . . . .. . . . . . . . . . . . .", "I wear a 13 gym shoe and get 14 in sandals...these are a little snug but will likely break in to be ok", "Great sandles, only have worn a couple times and are fitting a little tight, waiting on them to stretch out.", "My husband is a big slide fan, and although he loved the sandal they were tight considering his feet are not wide. He cannot wear with socks however; he said he will wear during the summer months to try and stretch out.", "It is very comfortable but I needed a size 7 instead of 6. I will be returningit soon. would you be able to send me a size 7. Thank you I will recommend this product for all my friends.", "Love it! I wear it everywhere! Rubber is nice and bendable. You know with Nike you're getting a quality sandal. Very nice quality and it will definitely last a good amount of years!!", "I gave these as a gift and they are of excellent quality and comfort the receiver loved them and said they will buy this kind again", "I purchased these for my husband.  His comments are:  Fit is perfect.  They are very comfortable.  They blend well with the rest of my Nike gear.", "A little tight the first time you wear them, but after that it's smooth sailing. Also, the padding on the strap is quite comfortable.", "Great, they were just what he wanted and fit perfect. Much easier than going to the mall and trying to find the exact thing my son wanted.", "The look of the sandals are a little different than the picture. When I got mine, I ordered a white symbol nike sandal and received a black one. Not only that, I received two different size sandals. At least the sandals felt comfortable.", "NICE, COMFY, AND INEXPENSIVE SHOES!!! QUICK SHIPPING TOO!! This is my second pair (well I bought myself a pair and then decided to get my son a pair too). I'm sure I will buy from this seller in the future!! Awesome service!", "I bought this for my grandson and he has not gotten it yet but it looks fantastic and like it will last a long time  Great delivery time as well  Thanks", "It fitted well looked as it is in the picture, but was a little narrow.Overall I am satisfied with the product.", "I bought these sandals for my grandson who happens to have large size feet.  He cannot find these in a store and was very happy to find them online.  They fit very well and was impressed with the elastic, instead of Velcro, that keeps the sandal on his feet.", "They are extremely comfortable and fit perfect.the sandals are a  good choice in a shoe if you are looking into sandals", "these sandals were perfect. i have 4 pairs of these sandals. these are the best sandals you can buy with money in my opinion. definitely worth every penny spent", "my grandson loves these slippers and if he's happy i am happy thanks we will be back for more soon", "My Son was elated that I was able to get these for him.  He will enjoy wearing these until they fall apart.", "good value", "bought it as a just because gift. 1 year later holds up just as nicely. still very comfortable not stinking even though it has met with water quite frequently. So much so that I share it with my husband", "I really like the fit and quality of these. I use them around the house and after any races (runner). Would buy again", "This was a gift to my boyfriend and he loved it! The shoe is true to size and very comfortable. :)", "These were a gift for my 12 year old, they fit well. He says they are comfortable and they were a good deal.", "Very comfortable! My son loves them, and wears them almost every day. They have held up nicely and arrived as expected.", "Cool shoes, great price, but not really true to size.  I would've ordered a size up if I were to order again.", "These sandals feel great. The top strap is a bit tight and I've got a rather slim foot, but, overall shoe sizing seems accurate and the strap padding is very soft. I was thinking about using these for shower shoes, but I'm not sure about getting soap suds in the layer of padding under the strap.Overall a great sandal from Nike.", "These were nice, they were kinda tight and hard to just &#34;slip on&#34;, but they fit after you break them in a little bit. However, just because they are Nike, doesn't mean they are the best quality. On the heel of the sandals, the rubber seemed wrinkled and didn't look good, but the people I bought them from want a restocking fee and return shipping to be paid by the buyer, which was more than the actual product, so I decided to not pay twice for something I wasn't going to keep. Also, near my toes they started to tear on the left foot. I think I just got the bad egg of the dozen, but I think I might get something better next time.", "These sandals are great looking and fit amazing, i went to store and tried some on, just bought them online, for convenience purposes. They do the job, i wear them to shower and not athletes foot;D", "I purchased these sandals to use in a dorm shower. I would not recommend them because under the &#34;swoosh&#34; there is a foam pad that touches the top of your foot. This foam pad tends to stay wet. Even after 12-24 hours from taking a shower, that foam pad would still be wet.", "They fit too tight.  I would suggest ordering two sizes up rather than the size you wear so they will fit better.", "very good product, excellent quality and very nice product q is a real worth buying I recommend nice nice nice", "I have had these for about 2-3 years so far and they are still as good as new. Made in Vietnam, these Benassi Swoosh sandals are comfortable due to the injected Phylon midsole and surprisingly durable. I would think that the logo would come off pretty easily over time, but it's still there, just as new. I've worn these not only at home, but also outside in wet/dry, rough terrain. I just need a wipe with a moist towel and you won't be able to tell the difference between a new one and this one.", "I normally wear size 10.5 so got 11, because I have wide feet. It was still a tight squeeze. Decent price for good quality.", "Look like I was expected. I will take to my country, my nephew will be happy. These sandals looks terrific, and comfortable.", "i wear size 11 and a half shoes, i bought these for like size 11 or 12, when they came they were way too small, so i thought ok ill give it to my mom or sister, they could barely get their feet through the slipper also! When i tried to return them i had to pay for shipping although amazon decided to credit me back. I learned my lesson, try these out in person before you buy them unless you are absolutely certain or familiar with the company", "This product is great.  I wear them to basketball all the time so when I get to the gym I can take these off and put my basketball shoes on.  I recommend these to anyone that plays basketball and doesn't  want to wear their shoes outside and ruin them.", "good and exactly want I wanted. They are very comfortable and it's a good purchase but Nike usually is good.", "Nice sandal, but the fit was too small - narrow and short.", "My shoe size is a 10 so I thought that getting these in size 10 wouldn't be a problem, but they're really tight, especially with socks.  I found them to slide off my feet as I walked around and I had to keep shoving my foot into them to keep them on for a little while.", "i bought these to wear to the beach insted of my nike frees so they wouldn't get all sandy there very comfortable and are sure made to last.they are a taddy bitty small but still fit my size 8 and probably will for the next 6 months or so", "My favorite brand is nike that's why I selected this item but it's not fit for me, but it's ok", "These were a Christmas gift for my brother.  he wears them all the time..  we're the same size so I tried them on and they have a nice fit", "I knew I should have gotten a larger size as my feet are bigger than a ten but this color was only available in a ten, so ten it was. So damn comfortable, even being small.  They will stretch in time.  LOVE THESE!", "I bought these sandals for my son since the stores rarely carry size 15 sandals let along shoes as well. It cut down the time I spent driving and calling to find my son some sandals he can actual fit an wear to be comfortable after a basketball game, thanks for having his size.", "Love that I don't have to walk on uncomfortable concrete pool deck. The shoes look great and feel even better!", "It was used on a vacation trip and they wore very comfortably I would advise other people to purchase them for the comfort.", "great pair of slide sandals next time i'll by two or three more pair of slide sandals in colors ...", "Replacing son's but couldnt find any at this time of year so got them from amazon, where I have come to realize I can get anything anytime and am generally happy. they are just as described and he is happpy with them.  They fit normal sizing.", "Originally I ordered the shoes in a size 8 , as the ordered progressed the size turned into a size 16.  I assumed it was a code # for size 8.  I tried going back to double check my order but ended up being told I now purchased 2 orders.  I closed my order for the second purchase as I only wanted one pair and figured I did order the first pair since you took my credit card # and all.  The order never arrived so I ordered it again but size # 16 kept showing up and I couldn't change it so I again assumed it was code for # 8.  I payed extra money to have it shipped in two days.  It came on time but the sliders were a size 16 and much too big for my grandson.I tried to get the paperwork to send them back but you wouldn't accept my password; the same password you accepted for the sale.I think you need a much friendlier service for ordering..I will never,ever order another thing from Amazon.com", "I got these slippers for my boyfriend and he absolutely loved them! Fit great and super comfy and he can wear them anywhere. Great gift thanks!", "My son got these last year on Christmas and wrecked them. So he has a NEW pair for Christmas. :)", "This is shoe is an okay buy for those who are medium to high rough on shoes. However it would be a good buy if you are not planning on wearing these every day. My son plays football and he alternates between this flop and another. The problem with this okay shoes is that the rubber overtime wears quickly and began to shift from its original look. I have learned that my 16-yr old must have something a little more sturdy next time.", "Good price, well made sandals. I bought these for my son and now wears them all the time after practice. Also very comfortable.", "i chose these flip flops because ive always wanted a paid due to how comfortable they are, when i got them i was so thrilled and i wear them almost every day.  They are affordable and light weight too", "Love this sandal.  Fits perfectly and the traction on smooth wet surfaces is great.  Very comfortable.  I would recommend this sandal for those looking for a great, comfortable sandal.", "I purchased these sandals for a family member. They found them to be comfortable and wear them daily around the house primarily but have worn them out of the home. I purchased these over 3 months ago and they still look new!! This sandal will easily wear for 2-4 years before needing replaced!", "The strap over the foot of the 12618-011 is smaller than the strap over the foot of the 12618-013 I bought earlier. Therefore, it won't stay on my foot. I am considering returning it.", "I JUST WISH THE WOULD COME MORE WIDER ,AT LESS'' WW''BUT FOR THE REST THEY ARE CONFORTABLE AND NICE TO WALK WITH THEM.", "nice product i choose somewhat small size but it's okayi would recommended this to every one i know for sure", "The shoes was just as expected. They fit real good, very soft. I would recommend to anyone that need some. Thank you", "Son loved them, would definately purchase again, nothing else to say about the purchase made, he just liked them alot", "Ordered for my nephew. He is satisfied with them which means I'm satisfied as well. I would order this product again.", "Not a bad pair of sandals for the price. Very light. I prefer the thong type sandals(flip flops) over these usually, especially Reefs. But Reefs are more pricey. These Nike sandals are good value though.", "I purchased these in a mens 4 i wear a womans 6 had to return them and got a 5 mens.. Fit way better than the 4's. ..Good light wight shoe.. With socks on a lil slippery tho so be careful", "Fit right. Feels great. Lasts a long time (I've gone through 4 pair). I have these located by the pool, garage, back door and front door.Worth every penny.", "I look for traction and fit in such footwear.  These have both.  I have used them for a couple of months.  The grip on my feet is not great, but it's a very good product.", "I bought these so the whole household can slip them on to take the dog outside as needed. These are great. They are quite comfortable. In fact, I've spotted some family members keeping them on throughout the day, because they said they are incredibly comfortable. They are squishy, yet firm. Great material. Would buy again.", "it was nice as expected. i lkee it. i would probably buy another one again when i need it from the same dealer", "took several weeks for the top strap to adjust to my feet but now they are perfect.  will buy again!", "These shoes are a little snug but once you break them in they fit perfect. I bought them at a great price.", "My son has size 18's, and you know there are not enough places out there that cater to the tall and large footed.  These are comfortable and the perfect size, and bonus ~ a great price ~ something I never seem to get!  Thanks!", "These were some pretty nice sandals I liked how they fit my foot . it gives my feet comfort and movability.", "The quality of the slippers are OK but the sizes run small order at least a size or two bigger then you actually need also the width run narrow so if you have wide feet like I do you ,may want to order something else.", "undetailed photo of this slide does not reveal that is a non-adjustable width sandal.  very narrow for most feet. had to return them and buy adidas.", "Well packaged, correct size, and then checked for accuracy then promptly shipped to me. I couldn't have asked for it another way especially since it was competitively priced.", "The 12 fits like an 11 in the and the strap is NOT ADJUSTABLE and way too tight...And no I don't fave fat feet...  Sending back.", "if you need socks real bad, this one is the right choice for you. but it is cheaper on Nike.com", "These are one of the best sandals I've ever had. I have a pair of Reefs too but these are usually what I wear. The fit seems right on the money and after a short break in they just feel great. Not wild about the big swoosh thing but you can't have everything.", "I just wish I could get my son to wear these more often since his feet are so smelly ;-)", "Bought these flip flops for my husband. He says they're very comfortable. Arrived very quickly. Item as described. He likes them.", "The strap is very tight initially, hoping that they will stretch with use. I like everything else about the sandal.", "Quality looks good but the over strap is way too tight to be size 12. 10 1/2 maybe but that's not what I ordered.", "I view Shoes/Sandals as just wearing accessories and not for fashion. This Nike Sandal, I am having for past 1 year+ and definitely comfortable. The problem with sandals they are either too tight or loose. If these are 10% smaller, it would have fit my leg very well :) The groove on bottom keep the leg in a good grip and does not slide off. Washable, so can wear for car wash and dries up easily. Overall I would say try and buy if possible.", "I bought these for my bf. It fits him perfectly! True to size. And it's very very comfortable, he loves it!", "The sandals are of high quality. It is little bit hard to put them on as the main strap is tight.", "I purchased these Nike sandals in a size 15 (yes, I have big feet).  They are great except that the sizing is a little small.  Order the next size up if you can.", "These are fantastic slides.  I used to only buy adidas slides but they have been all worn apart and I saw a lot of people who had these, and my one friend recommended them. They are fantastic.. by far the best slides I've ever owned.  Very comfortable and fit well.  I originally got a size 9, as I am a 9/9.5 and they were a bit tight, so I got a size 10 and they are wonderful (maybe slightly big, but nothing to be concerned about).", "Great for summer.  I use them almost daily.  Great for around the house, or even on the deck.  Great for going in the boat and jumping in the water if you have to.  Very comfortable.", "I like these sandals a lot because they're comfortable, look pretty cool, and when you have high top socks with these there is nothing more comfortable.  :)", "They work great! Buy a bigger size than you think you need though. Super comfortable. Good for taking into nasty lockerroom showers.", "This is a good sandal; however, in hind sight, I should have ordered the more expensive adjustable version.note: (1) stiff sole until broken in (2) not adjustable (3) runs small, so order the next size up", "I wear size 8, so I bought size 7 for my wife. They're a good fit and comfortable for her. Better than the Adidas ones with the velcro strap that rubs at the edges.", "I have very narrow feet and they are still very tight. I had addias  sandals before of the same size they were comfortable.", "These come up when searching 'shower shoes' however, they are definitely not designed for that use.  As others have stated, the cross-strap is absorbent and takes a long time to dry out. Also I've found that they are not non-skid, which makes them somewhat dangerous to wear in the shower.  I only wish I had read the other reviews before deploying to Afghanistan--lesson learned.", "I should have listened to some of the previous reviews more.  I wear a size 10 in pretty much every show I own (even other Nike shoes), but the size 10 I ordered in these just do not fit well.  The strap isn't high enough to leave room for your foot, so you almost have to squeeze them on every time rather than them just sliding on.  Then, the sole has a texture to it which I think would typically be very comfortable, but the strap being so tight makes the contours hurt against the bottom of your feet.  The length and width of the shoe seem to be a perfect fit, so I wouldn't really want a bigger size; just the strap to have a little more space for your foot.", "Great product for a reasonable price. I looked at other items that were the same but much more expensive and was very happy with the cheaper product. The sandals fit my husband perfectly and are very comfortable. I would definitely recommend this product to anyone looking for brand name sandals at a reasonable price.", "I bought these for my b/f about 7 months ago. He's a size 10D and they fit perfectly. He's wears them everywhere and they're still going strong.", "I ordered these for my boyfriend. They came in the time expected and he likes them very much. The only thing is that the part that goes over the top of the foot is somewhat tight. We are hoping that once he wears them more they will stretch out a bit.", "Bought these for my husband he loves them,he can wear them with socks or without socks. Thats why i bought them", "We bought the first pair of these sandals for our son about 8 years ago at an outlet store--since he wore a size 18 we were thrilled  to find ANY sandal.  Although we've purchased several pairs of other brands' sandals since then, they didn't last nor were they as comfortable for him.  Finally this spring they wore out, and we were so happy to still be able to find them!", "My son had been looking for these and asked me if I would get on line and see if I could find a better price than he had found.  They are exactly what he wanted and the price was 4 dollars less than he could find plus I got free shipping, etc.  I gave him the bill but as of yet he hasn't paid dear old Dad ... so I guess I just gave him yet another gift!!  We are both pleased either way. :-)", "All of my NIKE shoes are 10 1/2 includeing basketball shoes. So I chose 11 for this slipper but it is too tight for my feet. Just size info !", "Nice slippers, I like them better than the old addidas slippers I had that tended to get a little smelly from the pool, sauna because of drainage issues caused by the massage sole.  however, I ordered size 12 (I am size 11) and they are still a little too snug.", "I have fat feet I guess. Probably more like high arches and a little wide. I was hoping there would be a little wiggle room by ordering a half size bigger. They were a little tight and I know they would break in. However, I bought these for work to wear over my socks. I gave it a shot. They are comfortable when standing and look good. Just too tight. I would recommend for someone with narrower feet that has worn non-adjustable sandals before. I won't knock the product though. Just be smart before buying.", "Bought for my son. However, when these sandals arrived they had terrible smell of mix of plastic and ester. I'm going to return it. Do not recommend.", "Considering these are a Nike brand name product as well as in a larger size than your average shoe store carries, I was surprised to see them at such a reasonable price. They arrived sooner than expected. On top of all that, they are super comfortable. Not much else to say. I'm impressed.", "Well, My husband hasn't been able to wear these yet but i am a little miffed at the \"Suggested Retail Price\" tag from Nike on them of $20.00 while I paid Amazon 24.98.Edit 1/1/2012 - Totally not true to size!  My husband wears a 10.5, I ordered an 11.  His feet have been swollen after surgery, but I (wearing a women's 8.5) tossed them on last night to take out the trash.  They barely fit me!", "I would recommend this to anyone who wants comfortable shoes. They are simple and great for around the house. My finace loved them", "THIS ITEM WAS FOR MY SON'S TRIP....I orders men's size 11...I got a woman's shoe...Enough said...YOU NEED TO PAY A LITTLE BIT MORE ATTENTION TO WHAT YOU'RE SENDING OUT......A VERY UNHAPPY CUSTOMER...NEEDLESS TO SAY, HE WENT ON THE TRIP WITHOUT THEM...", "Fit comfortably enough, however they are a little snug.  My big complaint with these sandals is that they are not adjustable.  If they were adjustable, they would get 5 starts.", "still using this item. the item is comfortable when worn. i use it everyday. even though it is somewhat big. it's okay.", "Don't bother begging for foot massages anymore, these slides - with their bumpy (but not painfully bumpy) footbeds - soothe your feet with every step. Or so my son says. They fit a high instep snugly, but if you have a low instep they have a tendency to slide off if you're walking up an incline. They're also great as shower-pool-beach shoes, as they dry quickly.Moms, take note, there are no more excuses for not taking out the trash!", "It is totally plastic and it is obviously not an original product from nike. I recommend not to buy this product.", "This are very nice sandals and for a fair price. I am wearing them as I am posting this and they feel fantastic. These sandals are also great looking and better yet they are black! If you want a nice looking slippers/sandals for a reasonable price by all means buy!", "These are a great slide for the price! Love that they come in bigger sizes too!Would recommend for sure.", "They fit great, perfect for chillin and just walking around. I use them for chillin in the dorm and they get the job done perfectly", "it did take time to break them in bc they are a tough slide!once they are broken in very comfy! they are great to wear as around the house and beyond!", "I gave them to a friend. He has smaller feet than I do. It worked out for me because I owed him some cash and the gift took the place of some of that", "Fits very well. Material can be wet and still wears well. My son loves then. Says they are very confortable.", "My husband has such a hard time finding shoes.  He found this exact pair in Australia and they lasted 2 years!  He was happy I was able to find them here.  Great product!  If you want something that lasts, then buy these!", "I love these things- easy on, easy off, comfortable as all get out just tough to find.  Perfect as footwear", "In my opinion these are some of the best flip flops money can buy. Simple design, you'll see them everywhere worn by the younger generation. They take a couple of days to break them in, and make sure you order a size up. As I wear a 13 but could have used a 14", "My husband is a size 15.  I had a hard time finding sandals for him.  He loved the nubs because they messaged his feet as he walked.  I got them in a fair amount of time at a great price", "Got one size up;  takes a few weeks to &#34;break them in&#34;;  love the feel now;  easy to clean up;  live in sunny climate and thus wear my sandals often;  predicting they'll last a few years at least.", "There must be something about having a large foot. If you find a shoe that fits, it is an amazing; however, this shoe has to be broken in before it becomes comfortable. I will have to look to another shoe because they don't seem to be the shoe for someone that has a wide foot.", "My son son told me they were perfect. They fit great. Good to use in the shower too. Good purchase.", "My younger brother always complains about not having shoes he can slide on so I got him these. The only reason they were small was because I ordered one size too small but he still loves them", "I bought these sandals so I could relax my feet after playing basketball all day at the gym. I also wear them around the house because they're pretty comfortable.", "My husband is 6'3 tall and weighs 215lbs.  He said they are comfortable and support his size well!  Great buy for the price and delivery was fast.", "They are just as they look in the picture. I bought them for my husband to use at home, and he says they are comfortable.", "its great but not as comfortable.as i thought it would be. but you will feel the padding under your foot. you do get your moneys worth", "Slide sandals were too small. Also, MSR price was on a printed tag in the shoebox, and it was $8 less than what I paid. Not good!", "I love using them for almost everything. From lounging around the home to taking trips & going to the supermarket.", "We live on Okinawa and it rains a lot here. My hubby needed something to slip on so he could take the trash out without putting his shoes on. We have ants, so the trash either goes out or it's in the freezer. These will work just fine!", "My usual size is 9.5. You can feel somewhat small when you try this for the first time, but as time goes by, this will customize your feet by slightly extending.", "I have the black and white, the blue and white and now I have the gray on gray. I have been buying these same flip flops for years and years, I love them. They are so comfortable for a 6'5 big guy with flat feet.", "Normally I wear size 7.5. But this size 8 is just way too narrow . It's very uncomfortable to wear ....", "Too smal it says 8 but it's really small but it's a good sandals, the quality and everithing is good everything is exelent, it's just the size, is toooo small", "These sandals are very comfortable.  They look, feel and fit good.  I would recommend these to anyone.  Very cool looking.", "I love these sneakers have airmaxs in a few different colors but these aredefinitly my favorites. The ony thing is Nike like almost every other sneaker company runs a little small just a half size. These are well worth the money tho", "Always a fans of Air max. The narrow toes will widen up as it get broken in. Love the colors.", "No chance to try them because they are too big and i did not wear them at all but the y look nice", "I love the color and style. Nike has always been my best go to shoe for quality and style. I will always buy Nike shoes. The merchant sent them quick and in a great package.", "I love Airmax and the support and fit they provide. If you have ever worn Nike Airmax then you know what to expect", "I wear these as an everyday casual shoe.  They are comfortable but a little heavy to do much more then walking.", "The shoes fit great and feel good. After a few months both shoes got a tear in the sole. Now the shoes always make a whistling noise when I walk.", "My son picked these out and was very pleased with them. He got them as a birthday present. Perfect fit!", "The design of these shoes is great, the combination of colors, makes them stand out more, they are comfortable and look great. Recommended completely.", "Love these shoes. Nice and comfortable, look great. I've really enjoyed how resilient the body material of the shoe is. It stays clean and are easy to wipe down. Quality shoe from Nike. Recommend for anyone.", "it has been exactly a year now , and they look good , and i must say that i use almost every week at least once since i got them , i would say that i have given them good usage or even heavy , for some other people , and still good", "I love my purchase, great fit and great price will recomend to others, love my nike air maxes really confortable!!", "These Nike air max shoes run on the large side. Order at least half size less than your regular Nike size.", "Just received ,y nike air max ltd's. they arrived in tack and not as quick as iv'e heard others say but there was a weekend in there. anyway I tried them on and were a little narrow but after just a short time walking around have begun to loosen up. feel great. I searched mulitble websites for sneakers, believe me countless hours online,to my wife's chagrin. I always come back to nike and  the air max line. Brilliant colors, quality product, .foot doc said to walk on hard floors all day like I do to get a hard soled shoe. these have that,yet comfortable. can't wait to wear them and try them out. a must have for sneakerheads like me. ok on to researching the next ones. amazon Rocks.remember they run 1/2 a size small. I take a ten but ordered a 10 1/2 and they fit perfect.", "i did return because now a 9 is to small. So i've orderd the same shoe in a larger size.  Growing feet!", "it looks good, i think it is not a leather made(It is the reason i bought it), but still OK!", "I expected these shoes to be like the Jordan's I purchased in 07, but I don't remeber the original pair saying Air Force Ones on them.  These do.  Maybe Jordan's are AF1s though, I'm no expert.  Either way, the red in this shoe was Orange.  Specifically, the \"red\" behind the swoosh is burnt orange, and the \"red\" of the sole and heel is maroon.  I returned them.", "very cool shoes, my 15 yr old with very discriminating tastes loves them. Yes they were authentic as I know that's what most customers wonder when buying name brands online.", "Barcelona is my favorite team and this jersey was an excellent choice. has a slim fit feel and the color combination works well", "my son loves these shoes. he does have a wide foot so the shoes are narrow for his feet. they are nice and very bright!", "We bought these shoes for my husband since he is an avid soccer player.  He loves them!  It was difficult to find a pair of shoes in his size for a reasonable price (he wears a size 15).  He had another pair of Nike Tiempo's in the past that fit perfectly which was why we decided to buy these as well.  He couldn't be any happier.  Thanks!  By the way, the delivery was right on time.", "Wonderful soccer cleat.  Well made and lasts a long time.  Has the the white, black, blue laces and bright neon yellow tongue.", "I bought them for my little bro (12 Y.O.) on size 7, they look awesome, he loved them. The finishes look just great the colors are the perfect combination between the classic style of tiempo and the modern style of Nike, completely recomended!", "My new nike shoes looks very nice and it's so cheap in price. Fit as expect.I love it my new soccer shoes", "Very good, I recommend it. I bought them in a bid to be the last pair and I like them a lot. They are very comfortable and good quality.", "I had a problem, and these cleats fixed it.I bought an Adidas cleat from a sporting goods store. It was the wrong size. It fit in the store, but I broke my big toenail in my first practice. I researched for a week about cleats and found out that Nike's fit wider at the toes than Adidas. Using a comparison tool on soccer.com website (you gotta use try out that \"See How it Fits\" tool there), I figured that switching to Nike and moving one size up would make the perfect cleat for me. It was. The Nike Tiempo Natural IV worked perfectly in my first game. They fit like a glove that is snug, but so giving without any slippage. It's like night and day. I love these cleats and with I had regular running shoes that were like these cleats.", "Very firm and comfortable.  Little tight for its size but I like it a lot.  Recommend to buy this product.", "Bought these for my high school son who plays soccer.  They fit a full size smaller than advertised and didn't seem that durable.  They are very light weight which I assume is good for speed, but I doubt they would last beyond a single season", "I like it cause it is fit for my feet and it is easy to make a turn for it has a round spike.", "I purchased this item for my husband for Christmas.  The shoes arrived fast and in prefect shape.  I had no problems.  I loved the colors and design.  I would tell my friends about my great buying experience.", "He wears them to school for his Physical Exercises classes and they fit him perfectly. Will order again in the future", "I got these shoes today and let me tell ya, there pimpin, the wife loves them, my friends are jealous, so that makes me happy happy happy lmao.", "I bought these shoes three months ago since my son's sport is basketball. I never thought that this would be the best gift for him because I don't know what kind of shoes does he want. I purchased it straight away, no second thought, I was just hoping that he will like it. And when I gave it to him, I saw the smile on his face and he told me that these was the shoes that he'd been looking for. He said that it was the best gift ever! I'm glad I bought it. Quite expensive but this product made my son happy.", "I have owned these sneakers before and they look great and hold up really well. They are made with a very durable leather so cleaning them is easy.", "These shoes arrived in a wonderful period of time. I wore these on my vacation to Orlando and the felt great the whole time.Might do business again!", "I do a lot of shopping on amazon and I don't mind answering a couple of questions and rating my items by giving them stars but I think it is very pushy of amazon to require customers to have to write a review in order to give a review. I think you should revisit your policy or customers like me just won't review your products at all. that is what I usually do.", "Gift for my boyfriend. He like them. The rounding on the front was an intial concern, but he liked them.", "THESE ARE GREAT SHOES AND THE PRICE  IS EXCELLENT. I CHECKED EBAY AND FOR THE SAME SHOES THE PRICE WAS TOO HIGH. HERE I  FOUND THE SAME SHOES  AT A LOWER PRICE AND  I GOT THE SHOES IN JUST 2 DAYS, WOW1!!!! OUTSTANDING!!", "I have not worn these yet for playing sports. However the initial fit is slightly wide for a non-&#34;W&#34; size.", "I was looking for a shoe that looked good when wearing jeans or shorts and this shoe was perfect for what I wanted.  I researched quite a few different types of shoes before settling on this one.  I was also a little leery ordering shoes online as I knew that they may not fit and you can never really tell what they looked like.The seller shipped these shoes extremely fast and I was very pleased when they arrived. They looked exactly as advertised and fit perfectly. I love wearing these shoes to the gym or even just being out.  I highly recommend this product!", "very nice shoe, had them for a while now. they're stylin and happy to wear them out kickin it. fast ship.thanks", "These were purchased as a gift for someone that likes Jordan shoes. Though these aren't Jordan shoes, they definitely have that flair with smooth lines and high quality construction. The fit was true to size and I was told they were very comfortable. Though he isn't wearing them to play basketball, they serve as a quality casual shoe with comfort and style that looks nice with jeans.", "Comfortable. It has a great shape and make to feel good my feet. it is recommendable. no doubt in buy it", "Well, I don't know if this is exactly true. But I came from China and I used to wear shoes of size 41, which is 8 in US. But it is a little bit larger. And it makes me hard to decide whether I should return it. Well, finally, I didn't return. But I just can not say satisfied with it.For the shoes itself, it is nice-looking shoes!", "Have only worn them a few times but really feel comfortable. Have had trouble in past finding shoes that fit but these are perfect.Good overall shoe!", "A little big, but not enough to send back. My son loves these shoes! They look nice and are comfortable.", "Very comfortable, good looking sneaker.  No fancy stuff, no strange colors.  Look cool and classy.  I recommend them for everyday use as well as for sports.", "these fit perfectly, feel  and look well made. i have only worn them once but the shoe is comfortable and sturdy. i highly recommend these to anyone.", "Well what can I say.Does not look like I am trying out to be a rodeo clown ha ha haaaa.But the styling is nice the fit is comfortable but still need time to brake in.Seems like they do feel a little big for the size but not enouph to drop down a size.The soles are very thin.Tall people with a hight syndrome will be happy.Not sure how long they will last but price was right for a good work shoe.Maybe they are to nice for work but im happy with them.", "I've waited for this shoes so long because of the procedure in my company. I am satisfied with my shoes so far even i just got them today i like to wear everytime! Nice shoes and top recommended seller! Thank you!", "These sneakers are pretty light weight and comfortable. I would purchase them again.", "I commute to work on a bicycle. When I started out, I wore some typical sneakers with big spongy soles. Every time I started off from a light, I'd be repositioning my feet on the pedals till I found the right spot.I read that a stiff sole was the way to go if you don't use the shoes that lock your feet to the pedals (not so good when you have many stops).So I went to my local big box sports store and walked around the sneakers section bending soles. These shoes had the stiffest, and probably the thinnest soles in the whole section. They didn't have them in my size though, so I bought them at Amazon.These shoes fit my feet perfectly, and minimize the need to search for correct pedal position on my bike. Since I wear them to work, I can also say they are a comfortable shoe to wear all day.", "I have kept my current pair as my &#34;keep clean&#34; shoes. They are very comfortable and good-looking. I wear them with shorts all summer, even to work-related  meetings, because they don't look like grungy sneakers.I'm glad to find them still available.Highly recommended.", "Shoe was a bit tight at first around the ball of the feet but stretched out after a day.  I have small feet and it's hard to find a shoe like this that fits well, they are usually too narrow.", "These shoes are like magic marshmallows.  They are so comfortable from every angle.  I literally did not even have to break them in.", "feels like running on soft pillows, strings not too long and color is great this shoe is true to description.", "Awesome running shoes... fit perfect and very comfortable, I love the colors on this shoe, very stylish and very cool", "Very comfortable, lightweight and airySome sections of the sole are glued on individually and came off after minimal wear", "Nike's seem to run smaller these days, so bear that in mind before buying.  Overall the build quality is good.  The shoes after a 1.5 years aren't falling apart at the seams.  I think the midsoles break down too quickly though.  I rotate running shoes, so ignore the overall years I have had them.  Given the miles I have, I do not feel the midsoles are as durable as they should be.", "If you love wearing sandals during the summer time, or you are so fashion victim and you can support them with any kind of attire at any occasion, casual or not, then you need to have a pair of these!!!", "Just received them. They are comfortable and look good. Different!I was affraid as I hace seen comments that stated that the model runs thin...but they are ok", "I bought these shoes when they came out about 6 or 7 years ago , I can't remember exactly. But anyway I bought them for basketball and they were so worth it. These Jordans were so comfortable and reliable not only did I continue to  wear them for basketball after my first season , I wore them casually to. And when I got my first job I wore them for that as well and it has only been about 4 months since I stopped wearing them . They lasted me almost 7 years and are still the most comfortable shoes I have to this day. If you want an all around good shoe that has style, comfort, and performance I would definitely recommend these shoes! They won't disappoint !", "These shoes were bought because of the colorway, it is hard to find a nice white and black gym shoe. I love nike products, however this type is just to stiff and extremely narrow. If you have wide feet I do not reccommend these shoes as you will be displeased. The materials also feel kind of cheap at least not what you would expect from a lunar.It will be a gamble if you decide to buy this item.", "These shoes are NOT \"authentic\" Nikes. Personally, they are the worst knock offs I have ever seen. Amazon should ban \"Virtual Exchanges\" from their website. VE is a JOKE. I received these shoes in a fake Nike box and knew I was in trouble before I even looked at the shoes themselves. No quality in these guys. Please stay away!!! I even had to pay a 10.00 restocking fee for sending them back, all in all it was 20.00 lesson learned. Buy from known shoe stores....Finish Line, Footlocker, Champs, Footaction, etc. STAY AWAY FROM VIRTUAL EXCHANGES and their FAKE SHOES!!!", "The price of these shoes were ok and comfort is as expected of Nike Air Force 1's.  I would buy again from this seller.", "Cleats are nice looking.  My son said they hurt his feet initially but after a few practices they became more comfortable.", "I wear leg braces for CMT and finding tennis shoes to wear on regular day are difficult because of the size of my feet with my braces.  I wear a 12 naturally but a 14 with my braces on in tennis shoes and 13W in dress shoes of the proper make.  I would recommend these shoes to anyone who's looking for a sharp pair of Nike that provide good ankle stability and fit comfortably.", "A little tight in the middle could be wider but for the most part I love them. Great but for a good shoe", "Amazing quality!", "he product is of excellent quality, and the time when the delivery has been made &#8203;&#8203;very punctual, I recommend it to others the product is genuine", "NIKE is the best", "Bought them for my husband, he walks ALOT!!!  They fit him perfectly, and are very comfortable for him!  They are just as described!! This is his second pair!!  They last a long time!!", "Bought these shoes for my husband for Christmas and he loves them! He plays intramural basketball for work and needs good shoes. These were not too pricey, but are a great fit.", "Not much to say. I'm old, so i want comfort, and that's what I got! Appreciate the cushion underfoot. Enough flex in the ankle.", "the shoe fit great. i wear a US 13 and it fit great. they are very comfortable. i where them almost every day", "I bought these for my boyfriend because he likes a high top shoe and he loves them & says they are quite comfy!!!", "Good for basketball. It is what I want ! Good for me to gym and play ball with my friends", "he loves wearing these shoes to his basketball games and practices and thanks me for getting him these shoes as a reward", "The shoes hurt when I wear them. Very nice shoes, totally my style. Wish they fit me better. Next time!", "Too much money for the pair. I saw a better pair for less price. I will shop around Zappos or Nike websites next time.", "It is a really great shoe. It fits right and is really comfortable shoe. I highly recommend it. Awesome price!", "I have 5-6 pairs of shoes, all 9s and that's what I ordered this pair of Nike Overplay VII shoes, but they hurt my feet after several hours of basketball because they're on the small size. The gym grip is good and support is fine. My only suggestion would be to order a half size larger and be sure you try them before the return window closes.", "My basketball days of playing are over but I do a lot of walking and these shoes are perfect for that .. well made, very light and comfortable also added support for the ankles ... would recommend to friends !!", "I bought these sneakers for my son as well as another pair--different style.  He thought he liked the other style until he put these on and they were so comfortable and a good fit that he asked me to return the other style and order another pair of these.", "These were light weight and were great for shipping out of the country.  Our son loved them.  Kind of scary sending shoes to another country without him trying them on, but it turned out great.", "These have a nice tight fit, which make them great for playing. Being high tops, I expected them to be heavier than a pair of lowcut Converse shoes I have, but I actually find the Converse heavier. Overall, I am satisfied with these shoes.", "This shoe is sized well and is attractive.....the only reason I'm not giving it a higher rating is that there is next to no arch support and the padding in the sole is also next to non-existent.  Made in Vietnam and probably cost less than $10 to make.", "I wish Nike would make these shoes forever.  After receiving these shoes, I put them onand wore them for 8 eight hours straight.  There was a small breaking-in period on the first daylike most shoes.  The next day -  the shoes were as comfortable as the last two pair ofNike Overplay VII that I have purchased and worn.Quick delivery and product was as describe.  I would purchase them again (if available).", "One of the sides ripped open a little sooner than I would have expected, but I definitely got my use out of them for the price. Considering buying another pair.", "These shoes are very comfortable my brother loves them he is on his feet all day walking and he said his feet never felt better he is going to purchase two more pairs.", "These are the second pair of Nike I have ordered from Amazon for my 12yr old and he really love these black Nike he said they were \"off the change\" which mean \"awesome\"....lol!", "I got for my husband and he really liked it. It is good for long walks. When the first pair got worn out we ordered it again.", "I loved everything the only reason I'm returning them is that my boyfriend did not like all the white in the sneaker.I re-ordered another pair all black!", "Bought these for riding my motorcycle.  They fit well and perform even better for street riding..  I always order a 1/2 larger size in Nike due to running small (in my opinion).  Just DO It!!!", "loved them, if siskel and ebert were around they would have given them two thumbs up...the new york times loved them...", "Nice shoes. Great value. Only draw back is the breaking in time. Making heels a little sore. Still an overall great shoe!", "Having bought Nike shoes for years, it still holds true today: Buy a 1/2 size larger than you normally wear as Nike runs small. If you plan for this, you will have no problem and will love the quality Nike provides!", "I got these for his birthday and he says they are the most comfortable shoes I've bought for him and I've bought many. He's a hard to find size. He would wear a 12 but due to Charcot foot I have to buy him larger shoes and 15s are hard to find. With Charcot, he needs a very supportive, firm shoe with plenty of ankle support and since he's diabetic he can't get a shoe that will rub sores or blisters on his feet because diabetics heal slowly or not at all when it comes to their feet. This was a good purchase for us for sure. Happy birthday honey!", "I bought this for my stepson. He seems to be happy with it, so i assume it is good. Yes", "Bought these for the style but the performance is what makes me give it 5 stars. Great hoops shoes, comfortable with rad neon green highlights.", "this shoe was a bis disappointment to me. the shoe is very stiff and uncomfortable to wear. i was only able to wear them twice. the blister on my heel was so bad that it took about 2 weeks to heal.", "You can't go wrong with a pair of NIKE's.  My grandson loves his NIKE's  I don't believe he wears anything but...", "These shoes are durable and comfortable. But tend to run about a half size small. I recommend ordering a size bigger.", "i buy this one because it is chaper,it worth the bill,more words required?what should i do ? i already finished", "Great fit.Nice shoe.Nice price.Nice look.Very fast shipping and delivery.I would recommend this shoe and supplier to anyone who is a smart shopper.", "Very fitted and tight just like I wanted it, most importantly, It's heavy ....... I love it very much. I", "It was a great shoes, very comfortable and looks very expensive, the price was ok and quality fabric was good. I recommend it", "Expected to be less comfortable, feel a lot of comfort in using them, are great when it rains it does not get wet when you walk on the gun puddle.", "its false the amazon description with leather material, ITS PLASTIC!! Be carefull ITS PLASTIC MATERIAL AND LOOKS VERY CHEAP!!!!! of course the product is a brand new and nike original brand, but when you read  at the description and the final product  that you get, the surprise is very bad.", "They seemed tight as my son was putting them on but once he loosened the laces up, they were a perfect fit.", "I purchased this shoe in a 14W. The shoe is fairly wide, especially around the toes, which I appreciate but do not need necessarily. With customs insoles in, there's PLENTY of room to tighten the laces to have an enjoyable ball game. No Nike Air in the sole... that would have been nice and the shoe lace holes won't break because Nike put those in the actual SHOE (instead of a little cloth sleeve to hold the shoe string). Lots of cushion too- Good Shoe!", "Estos tennis se los mande a comprar a mi hermano y se ven muy bien y el me dice que se sienten muy bien cuando esta en el juego", "THESE SHOE'S CAME IN 2 DAY'S AND I HAVE TO SAY,I WAS SKEPTICAL ABOUT BUYING SHOES ONLINE,BUT THESE ARE A VERY NICE PAIR OF SHOE'S HERE....VERY LIGHT AND WELL MADE...ALL IN ALL IS IS A GREAT PAIR OF SHOE'S! NO 5 STAR'S FROM ME!", "Purchased these for my son-in-law for Christmas.  For the past 8 years Nike shoes have been his request.  These were really nice looking.", "Great fit. Good support with room for ankle braces if needed. Would recommend this shoe for outside and inside play.", "Great shoes in my country is a pain of head find a shoes that fit perfectly and this one does! Love it!", "Good shoe. Good vendor. I hope it is as confortable as it looks. I'll put it to test next weekend. :-))", "Very good product. They run a tad large but its not to bad. But overall have fit well so far and are very comfortable.", "Came in damaged on the inside had to super glue a piece of the inside  and a day after I wore them the other show started falling apart", "Really like this Nike shoe, so bought two pairs.  Only thing to change would be to shorten the shoelaces that come with these shoes.  Always replace them with softer 45\" Oval Sport Black laces.", "It is the product expected. It cost me more than I expected because there were other cheaper options, but okay.", "The shoes are comfortable, and the size is fit as expected. The quality of the shoes is much higher, even with these low price.", "Love this shoe. Don't know what else to say. Fits so well for me, its hard to find size 15 locally. When I am able to get this at shoe carnival i do, but usually they don't stock much over size 13 unfortunately. I would definitely buy again, I'm pretty sure i paid 59 and free shipping.", "Everyting was ok, the item arrived promptly and it was exactly has  in description. very comfortable and durable sport shoes", "perfect size and fit..love them and use them in every game....they fill wonderful and light..will buy another pair very soon...", "fueron comprados para un regalo, la persona que los usa esta muy feliz y confortable con estos zapatos creo que fue un buen regalo", "Good shoe so far.. They fitted a little snugged at first but after I played a couple of games in them, they broke in nicely. Real comfortable when hooping.", "You need to ask my child about these shoes..... wears them all the time, they do not leave his room nor his sight!  I would guess they are a good fit for him?!", "Couldn't find my size in local stores.  They stated it is not the season for basketball shoes.  Last time I checked, you can play basketball all year round. Anyways, the shoe is perfect and fits great.", "Good fit and quality.  Recommend it to anyone who likes Nike tennis shoes with good ankle support.  My boyfriend loves them.", "Bought these cause they said they were 3E, but once I got them they seemed the normal width.  They also were not comfortable and the cushioning wasn't good either. I went to Dicks and tried on Under Amour microG's. They do not some in wide, but they are made wide at toe foot joint where my foot is wide and are the lightest most comfortable bball shoe I've worn in all my playing days. Make the switch America, there is a new player and it isn't Nike!Amazon was great, fast shipping and return was easy, kudos to Amazon!", "Great shoes, fit as expected. My son loves them, and has a very comfortable sole. They have extra toe room.", "for the money, it's a pretty decent value. They are light and have decent traction. But they're not the most comfortable and run a little bigger than other Nikes I've purchased before", "We got these for my daughter for basketball and they fit very well.  Thank you for the prompt delivery.  She loves them!", "Was hesitant to purchase shoes online, however these have great support and is a great product if you are not looking to spend over $100 on basketball shoes!", "I play basketball like 3 times per week and this shoes is very hard, I have 6 months using it and still looks like new!", "I bought these for my husband. This is the second time I have purchased these for him. He says they are comfortable and they look great. Of course with the name &#34;Nike&#34;, how can you go wrong? Love these!", "The price is great and for him to have a pair of nikes make him jump like MJ. Good shoe looks great.", "I Must Admit, These Nikes Have A Great Look, They Look Better In Person, Although, I Would Recommend Getting A Half Size Bigger Than Your Normal Shoe Size. It Also Arrives Quickly, 1 Day Before Estimation, Now If Anything Should Occur During My Ownership Of It, I Will Update As Soon As Possible.", "I really like, I were spectacular, I can walk comfortable way, I fulfilled my expectations, thank you very much for serivios rendered, good packaging product", "I have been wearing Nike Overplays for years. I have them in white, black and tan. They fit great and are very comfortable.  I use them for both work and casual wear. At work I'm on my feet up to 10 hrs and my feet rarely get tired. Great product.", "I'm very glad with this product, that's for my kid and he loved it. Nike is a market leader and this product match this", "After searching and I do mean searching, I chose to get these for my husband and I am not disappointed !! they have a boot like look not just a basketball tennis shoe look and that is what I was going for..something that comes up a little for the support of the ankles. Very nice.", "I got these for my son, who plays basketball in addition to general PE and running around. He loves them -- they fit him perfectly without needing to be broken in at all (kind of rare for him). Additionally, he said his friends all said how cool they looked (not bad for a middle schooler). Great pricing for them, too.", "I will continue to order my shoes this way. Cheaper than buying them in the stores and  they fit great.", "I have another pair of Nike size 12 basketball shoe, the fit is  really good. So I was fairly comfortable with knowing that this shoe would fit equally as well, and they did. This shoe is all black and works well for a sporty work shoe. Light weight and a very comfortable fit. My feet do not get tired in these shoes. They provide the ability to move around fast as needed and pivot, or turn or twist, whatever I need to do. I saw this shoe at several shoe stores but nobody had my size. So I just ordered it thru amazon. Thank You Amazon and also Thanks to Marcus Uniform.", "These shoes are a great buy. Ankle support is great and the shoes are pretty light. Still breaking them in and have a few blisters on my toes but that's probably due to the fact that I just started getting in to basketball not too long ago. Will update later on.", "I love these shoes. They fit perfectly. Mine is for casual use but if you need for athletic purposes, might not be perfect.", "It's just a shoe. There's not much more to say... I like it... I'll probly buy the next pair at the store because the shipping and handling is expensive...", "I purchased these shoes to rotate into my basketball league shoes, and as soon as they arrived I threw them on for a game. They broke in relatively quickly and seem to be the quality expected in a Nike shoe.", "THESE ARE A LIGHT WEIGHT SNEAKER, AT FIRST LEERY TO PURCHASE AS I'D ALWAYS HAD LEATHER SNEAKS. I FEARED THESE WOULDN'T STAND UP BUT WOW, WHAT A SURPRISE, KEPT SHAPE AND STOOD UP WELL. AS ALWAYS A PERFECT FIT EVERY TIME. COMFORTABLE, DURABLE, MY 4TH PAIR. ONE PAIR HAD A PROBLEM WITH THE SOLE PULLING FREE. WENT ON LINE TO NIKE.COM, FOUND INFORMATION FOR SHIPPING THEM TO NIKE, WITHIN 10 DAYS RECEIVED FULL REFUND WHICH HAD TO BE SPENT ON LINE AT THAT SITE BUT COULD USE THE REFUND FOR ANY ITEM. CAN'T LOOSE WITH NIKE. YES I AM VERY PLEASED.", "Love the color, they are comfortable, and they were available in a size 15 for only $60. I always go up half a size in nike sneakers and it works out well. Love this shoe! 3/4 insoles are used in side them and leather holds up well does not look stretched out.", "The shoes are the right size, stylish, comfortable, and constructed well. My husband loves them. They are very affordable so I bought two pair.", "I never open the box because I found some much cheaper than those so I'm going to return them back. The posting is not what I will say.", "This is the second pair I've bought for my BF (he's a police officer & the slightly higher ankle helps support his firearm that he straps to his ankle while off duty)  & he really seems to like them.  He says the cushion is nice & the support is what he needs.  All black in color, easy to wipe off & comfortable.  Can't ask for much more.", "I have been looking for this shoe in a 3E, I was very disappointed that it came in 9.5 D.", "I was really impressed with the timely shipping and the shoes looked great.  The color was just as it was shown in the photo and dad loves them....", "my son loved these shoes. they are a little hard to get on, I think they need stretched a little but they are great looking and reliable shoes!", "These shoes don't have air max units or any other fancy sole or mid sole features. However,they are light,extremely comfortable,lots of room in the toe area,and look pretty good if you put a shine to them. I'm very pleased. My other Nike's are better looking but cost much more and are actually less comfortable.", "Small size is still not used. A little on the small size but my feet will soon buy such quality.", "I bought these to replace a pair of defective and1 basketball sneakers. Having owned a similar pair of NIKE before this one I purchased these. I must say that compared to many other brands that claim to be basketball worthy....these seem to be the best brand out there in terms of build quality.", "I bought these for my husband! They are a good qualtiy shoe and very comfy:) He wanted something simple and durable!", "This shoe is not comfortable at all and it started turning the sides white after I first washed it but the shoe did last for a long time.", "These are great shoes! I have played ball in them for 3 weeks now, and they fit great and are very light. I would definitely recommend them.", "The shoe was brand new as posted, it fit well, and I am happy with my purchase. I would recommend this shoe to all my fellow Nike fans out there. I plan on purcahsing from them again. :))", "GREAT SNEAKER. Goes with everything and amazon beats all other retailer's price. I just wish there was a women's equivalent.", "very good", "Great fit as I expected . It's very comfortable on the inside and very stylish and goes with almost any outfit.", "Fits as expected. Comfortable of course. Well made and looks great. I even get compliments. Would buy these without hesitation once more.", "This is my 3rd pair of Nike Overplay. Great heal cushioning and very durable.Holds up really well in wet weather.", "Really not much to say but that this was a great deal on an awesome pair of kicks. My son loved them!", "Great sneakers for my son for school. And for the price you cannot go wrong with these sneakers. Good deal!", "My 15yr old son wanted Jordan's but since the men in my family have large feet and still grow past puberty lol, I decided not to get him Jordan's as I would have to buy him another pair of sneakers in a few months. Furthermore, there are too expensive for this single mom of 3. So when I saw these attractive sneakers, I ordered them right away; they looked good and were a great price.When we received them(extremely fast shipping btw), my son tried them on inmedietly. He loved the way they look; Their simple but very nice looking just like him, and they look good with everything. Quality seems good as well.He wore them to school the next day and he told me he got a lot of compliments and were the most comfortable sneakers he has ever worn.I'm very glad I bought them! Once they don't fit him anymore, I will donate them and get him another pair!", "this shoes came as expected, new in its own original package , so I don't have any complain about it.regards", "The high ankle support is great. I was concerned I wouldn't have as much lateral movement as I wanted but as I used them I didn't really have any issues. They have all the arch support I wanted to help prevent plantar fasciitis. It didn't take very long to have them broken in fairly well, maybe a day or two of playing ball.I popped a ProFoot 2oz. miracle insole into mine just for a little more comfort but I didn't really feel like it needed it.I really don't have anything negative to say about the shoes. All the other reviews were very positive and now I understand why.", "I play basketball three times a week and the shoe is durable and comfortable. The yellow color is really bright which I like, but it may not be for everyone.", "We bought these for my 11 year  old to  play basketball though school  and  his club team.  They fit well, were shipped quickly and  arrived in a timely manner.  He is happy with  them and the neon makes it easy to spot him  on the court.", "These shoes are so comfortable, stylish, and inexpensive. I would recommend these shoes to anyone who likes comfort as well as style.", "I had not played basketball in a few years and I decided to get back into it, so I did something I never do.  I bought shoes online without trying them on.  I was worried, but they fit just right.  They give my weak ankles support.  They are very comfortable and nice.  Most new shoes give me blisters, but these were great.  I will continue to buy these shoes.", "Bought these for my son and he loves them! Shipping was fast and the price was right so I am looking for another pair before he wears these to death.", "my husband loved these so much I bought 2 pairs so he has a new pair when the other pair gets old. They are nice and comfy", "Bought these for my son for league basketball.  The fit was spot on, he wears a size 8 and these fit like theey were made for him.  They stood up extremely well to over 30 games of his season and still look like new.  During basketball he would only wear them for games though.  They provided great support and he wants the same shoes next season.", "It was exactly what I was looking for complete with a snug fit.  I'm wearing them and loving them.  I may even get another pair.Sebastian", "The sneakers fit good they are nice and light and the blue will go OK with a pair of jeans.Most of all my wife will stop telling me to throw out my old sneakers.", "Fits well and looks good! Its NIKE, bought these for my bestfriend and she loves them, I'm tempted to buy a pair for myself now", "my son still wear them and he love them i will be getting another pair later for back to school", "Bought these shoes for my son, he loved them and uses them for the basketball. He has had no complaints with fit or comfort.", "Bought this for my son.  Sometimes he wears a wide and other times not...just depends on the shoe.  The verdict is still out on this shoe.  I did not buy a wide and he says the shoe is somewhat tight.  Hopefully he will be able to stretch the shoe out and it will fit better.", "These are almost like a boot and provide good protection when riding a moto scooter. They do rub the tops of my toe a little so I'm wearing thick socks. Hope this goes away or else I will give them to my teenager where they will be relegated to study hall chair tipping, running the streets and to being put on and off w/o adjusting the laces.", "returning shoes for a bigger size.i will need a size 16 sent out please. the 15 fits like a 14.", "True to size.  Unbeatable quality for $60.  I bought these as my outdoor shoes because my indoor shoes are sacred lol.Similar feel to a lot of the lebrons and have a similar cut to them as well.  Not the lightest bball shoes I've owned but I would still def consider them lightweight.  and they sport solid ankle support.Great shoes, might get another pair to back my indoor paid", "Got these for my son, one of the few available in the larger sizes (14). It seems well made, is a nice-looking shoe, and it fits just fine. Price was good on Amazon, thank you.", "Purchased 2 pair. Use these for light contracting work, not sports. Very comfortable once broken in. Glad to see that Nike still has a few pairs around that aren't as light as a feather, still have some substantial leather and don't look like cheap shiny plastic.", "Wear a 7 1/2 got an 8 the shoe still felt too small but after a couple of daythe began to feel comfortable", "Product arrived early. I'm very happy wth the shoes.comfortable and light weight. Satisfied with the appearance and style of shoes.", "They fit as they should. We buy lots of Nikes, an these were what we expected.Probully buy more soon. Useing Amazon is the way to buy.", "Got this for a gift for an active family member. Arrived promptly, fitted very well, and has been worn a great deal.A high-quality item at a good price.  Thank you.", "Highly recommend. Was hesitate about getting them because I couldn't try them on but they are great. Perfect basketball shoe!!!!", "This is a quality shoe. For not much a whole lot more than a pair of shoes from Walmart my son got a pair of Nikes. He likes 'em. They look like the picture and he says they fit fine and they're comfortable.", "Very lightweight food ware with excellent fit. Although it has no sophisticated air cushion it gives you a stable feeling.", "Basic black basketball shoe ala Nike.  They been doin it for decades.  They know b-ball shoes.  My advice: don't skimp on your feet.  Wear rags if you want, but pay for good shoes.  These are OK.  I play once a week and I never notice my shoes or feet (even after.)  Perfect.  Then I wear em to work a few days a week.  I teach - on my feet all day.  Wish I could ignore the sneaker politics, I can't.  But, in the final argument, these are my feet, they require the best.", "These sneakers are HOT and priced right... where can you get those sneakers at that price! WOW!!!!!!!!!! I live in NYC they don't have these prices.", "I bought these shoes for my boyfriend. They are at good quality. He loves them. Thanks to Amozon and the mailman.", "I had surgery on one foot so they fit a little tight on that one but good on the other. I love the boots they are some of the most comfortable I have ever worn.", "I love nike ACG shoes.  I bought these shoes and recieved two right shoes.  That would've been great for me and my one legged friend.  I had to send them back and the seller didn't have any more in stock.  they looked like great shoes and the right one fit wonderfully.  I'd like to meet the guy with two left shoes and we'd both be happier.", "This is a shoe that would look absolutely great with blue jeans.  I ordered a 7.5 because they did not have an 8.  The shoe fit fine.  Though I have not worn them out yet, the shoe seem to feel comfortable", "Bought these shoes last year after my favorite brand (Saucony Grid Omnis) were \"updated\" and no longer comfortable for my feet.  They're really comfortable shoes and have a neat feature (which I never took advantage of) that informs you of pace and steps-per-minute (or something like that).I really liked the way they fit my feet, which has now been changed in the newer +11 model.  My feet are on the wide side and these fit perfectly.  Guess Nike heard complaints to the contrary and made the newer model more narrow...My biggest issue concerns the insoles.  They wore out really fast for me in the ball of the foot (where I put a lot of weight).  Not a big deal, I guess, since you could probably find replacements somewhere.  But for the price it would be nice to have longer lasting insoles.  Overall the shoes wore out a lot faster than my Sauconys used to, but it still gets high ratings from me for comfort and fit!", "My son loved the shoes, but although he has a narrow foot, they seem to run small.  If you are considering ordering this, go up 1/2 size.  They did return them with no problems and refunded quickly.", "Very comfortable - no 'breaking in' period, just slip on and wear!Will buy more.Would definitely recommend to anyone!", "These fit just like they should. The color is as it appears and I absolutely love them. Couldn't ask for any more.", "As a former fashion consultant for Neiman Marcus, I'm picky...picky about style, comfort, fit, support.  Sometimes I think working at Neiman may have doomed me to forever be overly picky! :pI've been shopping for shoes for months, & so glad I found this. I luv that it's not overly \"sporty\" looking...it has a nice material & classic lines. Also love that the thong is flat, not round...this should prevent getting blisters at the beginning of each Summer. Most important, they are SO comfy for a flip flop....they've got a little \"cush!\" While they don't exactly have arch support, it's rare to find a basic flip flop with that...but these should be great for everyday errands that require a lot of walking (especially where my back would hurt after a lot of walking on hard floors from other flip flops). If I find they work for my major walking days, I may have to get another pair!", "I love these flip flops . I have them in a variety of colors. They are very comfortable and fit well.", "I bought this exact pair last year and loved them and was very dissapointed when my new puppy chewed one of the straps of one of the sandels, I looked for them everywhere and was delighted I found them on Amazon at a great price, LOVE, LOVE these they are so comfy and the price is great, would totally recommend to others.", "I loved these sandals - have the black women's Celso with the black base.  I don't wear them much (maybe 10-15 times so far) but mostly around the house inside.  They are about 1.5-2 years old, look brand new and still are very comfortable.  BUT, the inside sole turns the bottoms of my feet BLACK!!  I have to scrub to get the black off.  I'm guessing that the rubber is deteriorating or breaking down in some manner, which must be causing this.  Nike tried to tell me these were made in 2008 ... if so, that's not when *I* bought them and would do nothing about this.  I used to wear $3 thongs (certainly not as comfortable) but they have NEVER broken down and discolored my feet! Very disappointing coming from Nike - a $25 Nike thong sandal shouldn't ever cause discoloration of your feet!", "seriously 700.00 who is dumb enough to purchase this shoe please leave a review just got to no who has enough money to waste on a flip flop", "Excelente la compra llego tal y cual como se esperaba lo recomiendo para futuras compras llego a la fecha indicada", "Never could wear flip flops until Nike came out with this brand!  I love them and no more blisters between my toes!  I certainly hope Nike doesn't stop making them.", "i have had this type thong before , just needed replacements ..and glad i was ableto find them as easy as i did", "This is the most comfortable pair of flip flops I have ever owned.  I even went on a 10 mile walk with these, like walking on air. I also have them in brown.  Please don't stop making these :)", "THis flops are great and soft to the touch. They hae grips of the bottom so you dont slip in wet surfaces.", "These are by far, the most comfortable flip flops I have ever worn!  I have five pair!  If they had more colors I would buy them. I live in these for the summer. Buy them. They are great.  Good cushion and support.", "I already had a pair of black Nike thongs that I love, and looked all over for a brown pair the same style. I need a thong that has an arch support. I finally found these and they looked to be the same style as my black ones. When they came in, they did not look the same at all. Their is no arch support, and they are very narrow, my foot is actually wider than they are, and I wear a medium. I tried wearing them for a day but they do not work for me. The real kick was that they came with a price tag that was $2 LOWER than the price I paid for them.", "This will be my 3rd pair in about 6 years. My current ones are getting kinda warn as I wear these constantly . They are comfortable from the second younput them on. I hope nike never stops making them!", "I bought these in pink in a store and loved them so much I went back for the black ones - and, of course, they were sold out. So I went to Amazon! They were a little more expensive online but worth it, easily. These thongs are the most comfortable - cushiony without being the giant platform thongs, does not rub between the toes or on top of the foot. I could walk for miles in them, and have :)", "I think the flip-flops were okay, but they're not as nice as I wanted them to be. They were a bit too narrow, and the thong part was not as soft as I expected. However, the padding was really nice and made it a lot more comfortable walking around. Honestly, I think it was a bit too expensive ($33 + $9.95 shipping) for the quality (I also saw Macy's selling same type of flip-flop for $23.99, albeit in a different color). All in all, these flip-flops were okay, but a bit too expensive for the quality.", "i have about 10 different colors of nike celso flip flops!  i have been trying to find many different colors.  don't confuse these with the other women's nike flip flops - they kind of look alike", "These flip flops are the best I have ever had. I moved to Florida in 2006 and bought my first two pairs than. I buy new pair every year, they are excellent. Very soft, like walking bare foot. They fit perfectly and look great.", "My first pair of Nike flip flops lasted for 7 years! I would definately recommend this product - they are made with high quality materials and are extremely comfortable!", "Love love love these flip flops for around the house so I had to snatch 2 pairs up when I saw them on Amazon.  They do not sell these anymore at Nike stores.", "I live in Florida so thongs are a daily wear shoe.  I owned 2 pair of nikes similar to this pair and was trying to replace 1 one them.  The shoes are the correct replacement.  Immediate comfort and good fit", "I have several pairs and I can't always find them here...and these are the only ones I will buy! They last great and are so comfortable!", "I have bought a pair of these each summer for several years. Great for around the house and going out to the back yard. Fit and fine design ok. They do what I want them to do", "This Is my summer shoe. I get a new pair every year. Cost was kind of high. Saw them in the Mall and they were a better price. Thiis is my running around shoe, at the pool or just at night with some starter shorts and my nike shirt when I do not feel like getting dressed up. Love them and you will too. If you have amall near you try there first. Better price and no shipping charges.", "These are definitely my go-to sandal all summer long! They fit perfectly and provide wonderful cushion for wearing for extended periods of time.", "the cord goes between my toes are shorter than any others I tried, therefore,  no play, easy to walk, even run.I usually buy size 7, but it stretches out in year or two. size 6 is just fine, perfect. I love them. thank you!!", "I love these Thong Sandals. Bought them at the begining of last summer and wore them almost every day. They are very well put together and did not fall apart like other flip flops i have owned. I dont need a new pair yet but I think Ill order them just in case.", "WOW,it's a true comfy fit with style.  They look cute & are fabulously comfortable.  no stiffness or edges that pinch or bind.  lots of cush to wear them for lots of walking.", "My favorite type of flip flop! They stay on my feet and never hurt between my toes.  This will be my 6th pair to own so far.  My others have been nearly worn out.", "I order a new pair of these in brown and black every other year or so.  That might seem like they don't last very long, BUT when you wear them EVERY DAY IN THE SUMMER, you might need to replace them after two years.  Super comfortable, available in lots of colors, durable and cute.  What more can you ask for?", "These are the third pair of flip flops I've owned in this style. They are the most comfortable style I've ever worn. I've even worn them on all-day shopping outings and to theme parks, without any sore feet! This time I bought the pink pair, and they are super cute!", "ok, i have bought nike flip flops in the past, and never let down, so im on a mission to find another pair..the 2 reviews say who in their right mind will pay 700 bucks for flip flops?? well, certainly NOT me...BUT, why when i see the price it says 26 bucks?? where is the 700 coming from??", "I think this is my 7th or 8th pair and I love them.  I buy them every year and I will be sad when they stop making them.  A definite must try to anyone who has not worn.", "I just bought my second pair of these sandals.  I LIVE in these during the summer, and these are the only flip flops I've ever thought were comfortable.  They stay on my feet without me having to curl my toes at all while I walk, and the cushioning is just right.  I have worn them on long walks on uneven terrain and they stay comfortable the whole time.  Also, I usually have trouble with my toes going over the edge of flip flops but this does not happen with my Nikes.  This is my perfect every day summer shoe.Note: I have seen them for a lower price from other retailers, so you may want to shop around.", "Thanks this product is well finished and well comfortable, we really liked my wife. The product arrived on time and without any details on the move", "I buy these every 2 years and wear them constantly. In the winter when you need something to go on vacation with and your feet are not used to the sandle thing....these are the flip flops that are comfortable from the moment you put them on! Hopefully you will replenish your stock so I can order more in my size.", "I have very narrow feet so these are great for me! I have had these for a year & still in good shape.", "I have several pair of these from years past they were starting to wear so I decided to replace them.  Not as happy with these, they run a littler smaller the then older ones, both are size 6.  I needed to reorder up a size. Also the thong part of the toes is backwards on the older ones the slant is toward the left (big toe) but on the newer ones the slant goes in the opposite direction, not as comfortable it tends to push your big toe off the flip flop.  Here's hoping they correct that on next years model.", "I love these flip flops.  I live in Ontario Canada and I have been searching for Navy Blue ones, and the Tan ones in a size 8.  I can't seem to find either colour.  Can someone help me?", "The MSRP on these shoes is only $24.  Who pays twice that for shoes on here they could get from stores or ebay for so much less?", "No surprises.  I love these shoes and they came as anticipated and fit and work just fine.  No unpleasant surprises.", "I have ordered 3 pairs of this product in different colors.  And plan to order another pair in navy because I wear jeans alot.  I live in the southwest and wear flip flops most of the year.  This product is well made and comfortable. I highly recommend them.", "These are hard to find - glad I was able to get it!  Perfect arch support for me.  Last quite awhile too.", "I have worn this type for a few years and they are the most comfy flip flop ever ! Great arch support and because the strap is foamy ,  it fits good from the first wear.", "I have several pairs of the Celso Girl by Nike.  I have pheriphal neuropathy in my feet (burning) and these are the only shoes that I can wear.  I love them.", "Classic flip flop. Hold up well, and very comfortable. Fits true to size. One great thing I love about Nike, they are actually true to size!!!", "Love these!  I think these are the most comfortable flip flops ever!  I am so happy that I found them online when my other on finally wore our after 3 years.", "nice shoes, looks beautiful, when I wear it, I feel comfortable. Although winter will come soon, I still buy it.", "Even better looking than pictured. Very comfortable and reasonably priced. Shoes came much sooner than expected. Will definitely purchase from this vendor again", "My son got these for his birthday and all his friends now want them! He swears he can jump higher in them! Lol!", "hey I had purchased the originals back in early 90s and they were way more comfortable then these cheap ass over priced shoes. I have wide feet and they were really tight and uncomfortable and it takes forever to put the things on. I wish they would just make the original kind and leave it the way it was from early 90s those were the best these are too tight on feet and skinny. They won't break in.", "Awesome shoes. a review said they squeak, well mine did too for a little while but went away (try soaking the soles in vegetable oil for a day) another said they are too tight for wide feet, well then go to store and try them on before ordering online. I have had mine for a year now and they r awesome. After a year of everyday wear my tread is still there, the seams haven't broke anywhere  or frayed and the comfort is beyond amazing. Usually my shoes last about 4 months anything from like Nikes, DCs, Vans and ReBok or a month for any walmart brand. So if you wanna spend 60 to 80 bucks 3 times a year on shoes (180 to 240 yearly) then go for it. But if you want a good solid shoe then get these, they have excellent ankle support and the quality is amazing. If it squeaks then look online for ways to help that and if they are too tight then someone should use common sense when buying and try them at the store first or just take it to a shoe place for stretching the sides out. I would buy these a 100 times over 6000 dollars in savings over a 100 year period maybe more if these keep holding up the way they do and end up lasting 2 years. They could fall apart 2morrow and i still wouldn't be disappointed and i'd go out and buy another pair. Just like the one review said they are better than the 90's ones made I had those ones too and loved those also but they didn't last like these. These just can't be beat. A little pricey but for lasting a year its cheaper than buying 3 or more pairs of shoes a year.", "I have had these for over a year and though they are extremely comfortable they really do squeak. Beware on this product.", "i asked for a size 11 and got shipped a 10.5! i mean fortunately i fit a 10.5 and would rather keep than dealing with the headache of asking for a replacement, but its not what i asked for!", "A couple of days after my son word these, they began to squeak as he walked? Wasted money:-( Don't waste your money on these.", "Received a black/clearwater pair for my son. - Got the order in two days, so I am very pleased. And they are nice shoes, he says they are good for skating. The clearwater is actually bright baby blue. Good looking shoes!", "I purchased a pair of these locally for my 15 yr. old son, who wears them exclusively.  He wanted these shoes for longboarding, and has told me that they are his favorite pair he's ever had for this purpose.  Good grip, stable, supportive.  The sole did not wear out quickly (foot braking) like other skating shoes he's had.  They've lasted longer than similar pairs of DC's, World Industries, and and DVS.  We're shopping for a second pair.", "Unfortunately the shoes you receive will not be the ones in the picture (brown and tan). The shoes are bright pink, yellow, white, black and blue....not even close to the neutral colors displayed. I sent an e-mail to Backcountry and never got any response. I think they are terribly ugly but my son was tired of waiting for new shoes so he wore them anyway.Disappointed Mother", "I am very pleased with my purchase of the Nike AirMax 90 Boots. The process was great. The boots are like a second skin. They are very comfortable, and are really great on dirt or concrete. I like everything about them.", "in the picture, these shoes look more yellow, but they're actually white and grey and it looks so good with the horse hair!!!  amazon delivered in three days and they fit true to size.", "These shoes are really comfortable and light weight, and they look great on!! They are perfect for training in the gym and doing cardio machine workouts. I don't think they are the best for running though.", "Just received this shoe recently and it is awesome! So light weight and flexible. One of the most comfortable workout shoe I've owned. Look around for the best price. I got them on sale at Nordstrom.com.", "I purchased these shoes for cross training: short distance running, jumping rope, weight lifting, etc. They work for everything I do.", "Great sneakers. True to size. Comfortable fit especially good for walking instead of high impact aerobics like running or step.", "EVERY TIME I WEAR THESE I GET ASKED &#34;WHERE DID YOU GET THOSE&#8230;THEY ARE SO CUTE?&#34; I OWN 2 PAIRS OF THE NIKE FREE TR&#8230;THEY ARE THE BEST AND VERY COMFORTABLE AND LIGHT WEIGHT. CONSTANTLY CHECKING THE SITE FOR MORE&#8230;LOOKING TO BUY MY 3RD PAIR! :) I LIVE IN FLORIDA AND WEAR MINE WITHOUT SOCKS AND I LOVE THE SNUG FIT!", "My first pair of cross trainers.  I love these shoes!  I have always had running shoes that gave me blisters, but these are like gloves for my feet.", "Very good at keeping cold wind from freezing my feet.  However they do run a bit long. Normally for Nike I say order half size up. For these I would recommend order exact.", "I must give all the credit to a previous buyer who stated to purchase the next size up. I bought a pair for my daughter for Christmas and read the review...she stay do not run true to size and recommended anyone purchasing to purchase a 1/2 size bigger. So I decided to take her work and do just that. They fit her perfect!!! Thank you so much for the advice!!", "I bought these for my 7th grader that wanted yet another pair of Converse or Vans. I'm so tired of spending the money on those other name brand shoes & they wear out so quick, not to mention they have absolutely no arch support. These Nikes however are GREAT! She loved the color & style & gets so many compliments on them at school. Since these are the winter runners she can walk/run on the wet grass & her socks doesn't get wet. It is nice to have your fashion forward 7th grader not only approve of your purchase, but thank you for it.", "Was looking for a shoe that would be light and comfortable for running, and provide stability when working out cross fit style. This shoe is all that and more. I wear sandals when not working out so shoes already feel restrictive. These feel like I'm wearing a pair of socks with a sole on the bottom. They provide just the right amount of cushion when I am jumping up and down and for side lunging the stability feels right on. Love these shoes!", "Buy this style a half size smaller than normal.  This is my second pair.  I will buy this style as long as Nike continues to make it.  I love these shoes almost like being barefoot.", "The name says it all....NIKE...... looks really good on, great fit, good heal protection....and the color is a true robin eye blue.", "I really like these training shoes.  They are universal in that I can also used them to run in also. They are ver comfortable and  get lots of compliments on how good they look too.", "I love these shoes.  They are extremely comfortable to work out in or even just a 3 mile stroll.  I would recommend getting them a 1/2 size larger than your normal shoe size.  I bought these in my true size and they are a little snug.  I bought another color a 1/2 size larger and they are perfect.", "Hi,My boy normally uses size 8.5 and to be sure I ordered size 9.5 because he is still growing. Size 9.5 was a tight fit although he uses addidas shoes size 8.5. So be sure you know which size to order from Nike.", "I love this watch because it's so stylish and I have yet to see anyone else with it!  Online the watch band looks to be a \"rubber-like\" material, but it is, indeed, a nice sturdy leather.  Another great addition to my watch collection!", "It's a nice watch, but way too young for my taste.  I was looking for a large face watch and this one did fit the bill.  However, I didn't like the wrist band.  I gave this to a younger friend...who loved it!", "I gave them as a present  to my friend who is a runner and she says they are the best ever!", "I'm on my feet 12 hours a day at work, and this shoe is incredibly comfortable.  Its light but supportive.  I get compliments on the color every day.  I'm pretty bummed that they don't make them any more, since the Pegasus 29s (which I also have) just aren't the same.  Worth going on ebay or something to find this older model.", "I bought these shoes to train for a marathon. My feet are a size 9, but when I got my feet measured I was told I have to get a half size bigger. They 9.5 fit perfectly. Hopefully the trail running shoes will work well with normal running. I tried to order nike air pegasus +28, but had a hard time finding a pair in my size since they were all sold out. I wish they were a little cheaper. Does anyone know if +28 and 28 are the same or does it make a big difference while running?I'll have to update my review after I break into the shoes.", "I bought these shoes for running mostly. I have pretty wide feet and am very picky about my shoes. These shoes feel like I'm running on clouds. They are great. But after a week of wearing them through some sort of work out class at the gym, I notice the threading is loose. I overpaid for them (~120) but they are really comfortable so I would buy again.", "Comfortable and Pretty shoe, I get alot of compliments everywhere I go.  Wish I could find another pair for summer!!", "I really loved the colors, but the air pegasus did not have enough stability or comfort for me. I'm training for a half marathon and I'm walking/running 3 miles at this point. During a fast walk, I was getting a lot of shin splints. While running, my feet were in a lot of pain. It may be just that these shoes did not work for me and my comfort level requires a bit more cushioning. I would say these are look great and are fine for ordinary moving about, but they did not work for me for serious running.", "I have been buying Nike Shox from the first time I saw them offered. I am 65 years old and have been running (well jogging very fast) 1 to 3 miles every other day (and now when I retired daily) since '76.  Before Shox I would get pains in my ankles, shin splints, pain in my knees, and unexplained foot pains. Since using Shox my problems have almost evaporated. I can say that Nike Shox work for me!", "This shoe is a really good find if you are a shoe freak since these shoes are old school and rare on the market these days.  Fits true to size and looks good casually or even with athletic gear.", "I love these shoes. They are extremely comfortable and stylish. Received many compliments from others on how COOL this NIKE shoe looks. Combination of a shoe and hiking boot, but looks both blended nicely together.", "This was an excellent purchase. The shoes fit perfectly and they were a great price.", "I love this running shoe.  Over the years I have bought this style in updated versions.  It is a good running shoe that is not as expensive as some of the other shoes you might buy.", "I really love these shoes!I can have these shoes on for a week and don't get tiredI can walk as much as forrest gump with them and still feel happy100% recommend it", "I bought these because I was looing for a good running shoe with pretty good support.  I found the construction was good but not enough support.  Not the best nike product.", "I actually have a pair of ventulus and these are the lanangs, not he ventulus. wish I could have a pair of lanangs because they are perfect for the steeple chase but they are definitely too big for me", "Bought these for my son.  He wasn't thrilled with the color initially, but I convinced him they were a quality shoe for a super good price.  His teammates keep asking where he got them, and he tells them he ordered them on Amazon from a company in England, which seems impressive to his friends. Everyone tells him that they are really nice shoes.  Consequently, my son now loves these shoes.  They fit him well; he has a narrow foot, and Nike runs narrow.  They are mesh and clean up very easily, after he has run on muddy, dirty trails.  This was one of my best buys ever.  Thank you, Amazon.", "Actully wheh I order the Nike Air structure triax 91 ,I inteded to give to a friend as a gift but when i received it i shocked it was a very cheap quality and very bad made so I keep it in store with regret .", "I was pretty happy with my purchase when I bought these retro nikes, definitely a head turner. If your buying them for fashion/casual style then they're a perfect fit for your collection but as far as running shoes compared to newer nikes, I wouldnt prefer them.", "Even though they were a bit small they were not comfortable shoes. I was disappointed with these. Nike is hit or miss sometimes", "i love these shoes. They fit my feet perfectly and are really nice too. Also they have a lot of cushion around the ankle so they are very comfortable.", "Purchased these shoes for my 14 year old.  He LOVES them!  They are comfortable, easy to put on, and they look really nice.  He has big feet and the striping on this shoe really tones that down.  A++++ Very well made shoe!", "The shoes were not as I expected the inner sole of the shoe are hard as rock and very uncomfortable and the shoes were too big.", "very comfortable, attracted blot of attention while in the Gym.I know they was expensive for running shoes but they feel so good on my feet while standing for more than 8 hours and jogging on a tread mill for 45 minuts", "Not happy with my purchase, shipping is ridiculously high & now  I have to pay to ship them back.  My first impression of the shoe was... &#34;Is this a real Nike shoe or is it a replica&#34;? I was going to exchange for a smaller size, but I'm just gonna return the shoe.", "my son needed running shoes for school. he love the look of the shoes and he said they feel very good.", "This is the right  stofft, very confortable, it worth the money you pay.you can spend the hall day walking on this shoes, and do  not even fell it", "I searched and searched for this shoe for my son. Amazon was the only one to have it in his size. They are perfect.", "Very good quality shoe. My husband wears these everyday for work and they have held together pretty well. They are really bright though, I can't loose him in a crowd.", "Great fit and looks, keeps my feet cool and work great with my nike+ipod.Do not walk on wet floors with these shoes or any air max shoe with this type of sole.these shoes seriously loose grip on almost all in-door wet floor surfaces like gym locker floor tiles.", "I'm not so sure that these shoes are more for show, than for go.  They have slightly pointed toes, but give my 10D feet excellent fit when the strings are pulled tight. They look awesome.  I wore the pair for the first time to the grocery store and had three women from out of the blue strike up conversations with me. Having now put approximately 100 miles on these shoes I can say that they are not my favorite runners.  The insoles are very thin, so replace these with a spare pair taken out of a used favorite running shoe and the experience will be more pleasing.  I replaced the lime green laces with black to reduce the ice candy effect to keep the ladies away while grocery shopping. It seems to help.", "I have always purchased NIKE products when presented with the opportunity. Their shoes are solid and support the ankle and foot during heavy workout sessions be it running or gym activities.This shoe was a departure from my normal expectations. It was difficult to get on and once in place didn't have the NIKE feel that I have come to expect. The seams at the very top of the shoe weren't sewn properly. A real QA disaster.I returned the shoes and am still looking for a suitable replacement.", "This product came to me, very comfortable, excellent design, but in the sending I get a white shoe and a shoe gray. Apparently someone sharing.The company returned my money responsibly.", "Looks great but runs a little tight on my toes. Overall I'd buy another car as they are pretty comfortable and the shoe has losened up after some time.", "They were great sneakers, were a little too large, but still fit comfortably, Held up terrific for over a year and a half.  Had to replace the inside sole twice, but that was to be expected when I wore them so much.  Looking to replace them with the current model now!", "I never received my shoes, but the seller is helping me make a claim with fed ex... phew... Im still in the process of receiving anything??", "These shoes are great for boot camp style workouts. The soles are tenacious and grip into dirt trails/grass almost like cleats, ALMOST. I weight 200lbs and when you reach the limits of traction you are going down with a pulled groin. On any smooth surface besides concret and asphalt, hard cuts are not recommended.Some complaints about squeeking? That is not a fair assessment. These shoes are for running, working out etc.... If you want to waste them kick'in around town then your wasting your money. This is my 3rd pair. I switched from Air \"something or others\" and these are crack'in! More heel support places your feet in a better position to absord running shock.  You would think they are squishy and spongy, not at all. They provide firm support, not pillow like support.If you have bad knees and simply cannot imagine not running, these are also for you. They are so firm infact you can full out sprint in them with rebound galore. A great training shoe, running shoe, workout shoe etc..... After they expire after a couple hundred miles of running then wear them to the mall. Why waste your money on these if your going to hang out thinking you look cool? They are way too good for that.", "Love These Kicks Well Worth The Cash And There So Bright And Easy to clean But They Dont Get Dirty At All So Im Totally Satisfied", "Very nice looking shoes but I was expecting more comfortable ones. It's a bit heavy. However, it can be used for both formal and casual events", "fits good for running. just as i expected because i have been wearing nike for years and they are comfortable.", "These shoes are clean with a clean style that will get you compliments at the gym. Comfort wise there like walking on sun shine. lol and Amazon keeps Me Satisfied.", "Bought these last weekend from a Nike outlet. Fairly lightweight for a running shoe, and very comfortable to wear. My guess would be that the red/orange will not stay clean long since I normally do my running on an unpaved trail. Even if you are not going to run in them they seem to be great shoes to wear around on a normal basis. Overall, I'm satisfied with these so far.", "I purchased this shoe back in 2007. I use this shoe as a work shoe and I love it! I have been wearing these same shoes for almost 6 years now. They still look good, but after standing 9 hours a day 5 days a week they have a hole in the toe. I am shopping for the same shoe. I am attached!", "i got this shoes for my hubby and he like them. his face lit up like a christmas tree when he got them. he didnt know i order them for him. yes i would recommend these shoes to family and friends. my husband said Nike Air Max 90 feel like he is walking on cotton.", "very comfortable.", "I have had these same kind of shoes before so I knew they would fit a little tight but not to the extent that they hurt your feet.  After a while they loosen up.", "i like it its a confortable and soft by my feets its a great articule and maybe i will love it", "Simply stated, I need a all white shoe/sneaker for my uniform, and deck shoes simply were hurting my feet with all the running about I have to do.  So I went searching for an all white pair of runners and found these beauties!  At first wear, I didn't know if I was going to like them, as they were tight and constrictive and very narrow towards the front.  They do require a wear in period (about 3 days of solid wear), and the leather softens up to your foot and from that point on they are super comfortable.  No more headaches at the end of the day from the impact my feet take running about the ship and they breathe really well so my feet don't stink either.  Great purchase and I'm glad I got them.", "the shoe feels like a fake nike shoe. theres too much padding inside the shoe and feels really wide. my husband disliked these shoes alot. they gave him blisters on his feet first day he wore them.", "When I got the shoes they where very narrow and hurt my feet. After some breakin time they got better but still are very hard and not what I want to do alot of walking in.", "Buenisimo vendedor!! el producto excelente! muy comodo!! nunca vi este nike! creo que es una edicion limitada! si por ahi vuelven a tener algunos de estos modelos avisenme!", "I always buy these shoes. This is my third pair. I have this issue with my knee and I need light shoes, this is the only shoe I have worn this far that is light, comfortable, affordable, and durable. Awesome shoes!", "Folks I am a new stroke and turn official so I had to purchase all white sneakers.  They look good but way too narrow!", "They are really a half size too big but I can make them work. Plus I believe the size I really need wasn't available.", "Hard to find all black nike's. These are awesome. Love these for work! It is like walking on air. Nice.", "This product arrived on Time. Package properly. I ordered two pairs because one pair is for myself and one for my child. As for me the fitting is nice. There snug but walkable. As for my child he loves them but they are a ill bigger than I expected. No biggie cause am sure by end of the summer his foot will grow in them more.", "Item was shipped out the next day and was very happy with my purchase.The shoe however runs a little narrow for those with slightly wider feet.", "this fit very well. alittle on the smaller size. you would have to wear a few times to have a great fit. however i stil love this product my favorite pair of sneakers to date.", "I bought these shoes for my Mom because she liked mine so much.  My Mom has a very hard time finding shoes that do not hurt her feet.  She said that these are the only tennis shoes that she has ever worn that didn't make her feet ache.  It is well worth the money to be pain free.", "These are a true 7.5 women's and are incredibly comfortable and supportive, providing a great service for working out with weights or heavy aerobic jumping, etc. The arch support is excellent. When they wear out eventually, I'll just replace them. They're the best sneakers I've found so far.", "Same sizing as original air kukini from 2000.  My feet are sensitive to \"the wrong shoes\" so I was relieved these were just as comfortable.  Would buy more pairs in the future!", "You need to size up one full size for these puppies.  I'm usually a size 10 in Nike but they were tooooo tight!  Great, eye-catching design though.", "The originals were far more comfortable. I felt these were a bit cheaply made. Had to return them because they weren't as comfortable as I thought they'd be.", "have to say I am very disappointed in this set of shoes, got some back in 2001 and have worn them to death, but this bunch runs small and if you size up the shoe get to be too wide. and the seller shoopop is a JOKE still waiting in my two refunds and the ZON wont reinforce their own policies", "I bought half size larger, still tight. Hope will getting loose after wearing for a while. Sole is soft for running, light weight.", "light, comfortable, easy to get on an off!my favorite shoes ever! Can wear them all day with no hurting feet or back!", "I was very happy to get these shoes in my favorite color since they were sold out of my size everywhere else.  I purchased these exclusively to play ball in on an indoor court.  Although these were comfortable and performed up to expectations, after 4 hours of playing for the first time I have a tear by the bottom eyelet down to the patent leather.  Looks terrible and disappointed in a Jordan shoe that ripped in an odd spot on first use.", "Hey Fair n NY, I think you may want to get an X-ray on those knees! These shoes have excellent grip, which is definitely needed for gym or street ball. I'm \"Fair in LA\" with these size 11kicks!", "Shoe size runs small, order .5 size bigger. too tight.", "good looking and comfortable!The only thing that you have to get used to, is that have a double inner sock inside the shoe. It is a little hard to fit in.", "Live in Alaska, so they haven't been worn outside yet.  Using them on inside screen golf to break them in, which means limited walking.  Amazingly after only three times these are some of the most comfortable golf shoes I've owned.  I was concerned about a long break-in period - but, that concern has vanished.  Very nice - and would very much recommend them to others!  Thanks.", "too much grip on the shoe results in your knees hurting after jab steps. cool shoes, but not so cool for my knees. sctually hurt knees playing in these be warned...", "I've only worn them once. So far so good. Nice snug fit. Feet felt secure when running and changing direction while playing basketball.", "I bought these for my dad, an avid golfer, and he loves them.  They are very comfortable.", "Quality of show is great, would be comfortable if not tight.  I have learned that Jordan brand should add a half size.", "The shoes are kinda weird looking especially with the fake fur around the top, and there is very little ventilation may feet get way to sweaty while I'm playing ball.  But the ankle support is good, traction is good, and look is unique.  At this price I think it was a decent purchase", "fits perfectly feels very comfortable when i play basketball. I would recommend these shoes for well protects ankles. very happy with this buy.", "a pleasant surprise, a well received gift for my son. A seventeen year old, hope they hold up to abuse!", "These shoes were a great deal, and a good purchase for $89. I have had Nike Air Max 360's in the past and absolutly loved that shoe. I just wish Nike had not changed the III's toe box, more narrow:( I dont have crazy wide feet, but prefer a little more room in the toe box. I will buy the 360's when they are re-released by Nike, for the benefit of a wider toe box. If you dont need the wider toe room, get these, they are a great shoe, lots of cushion and comfort, great looking shoe as well. But I need something that performs, not just something pretty to wear.", "I put 300-350 miles on these shoes while training for a marathon and then keeping in shape over the winter.  Almost all of my miles were on concrete or asphalt, with a bit on flat dirt trails.  I wear an 11.5 in running shoes; these were true to size.  I'm a mild overpronator, not heavy.My previous shoes gave out on me near the peak of my marathon training (who can blame them), and I hadn't been crazy about the fit anyway, so I switched to these.  They're light, feel fast, and have a nice, glovelike fit.  I wish the toebox was slightly roomier, but that's my only complaint.  This older shoe probably isn't long for this world, but I'll be keeping an eye on the Zoom Elite series from Nike -- it's a good line.", "This sneaker needs to be laced just right so the heal portion does not dig into your anckle. It took several tries before I got it right. Once I got the laces correct it is a good shoe.", "I already have a pair of these shoes in the red/white and I can honestly say they are the most comfortable sports shoe I have tried on in a long time--that is why I purchased a second pair on Amazon.  The original price for the shoes is $139.99 so you can't go wrong with the price even with the shipping and handling.  Another great thing--they look great too!  People will stop and tell you \"Nice shoes\" you'll have to try them and see! They fit true to size so if you need a little extra toe space go up 1/2 size.", "I did a lot of research on this shoe and was torn to what size I should buy. Some reviews on other sites said this shoe ran big and a couple of reviews said they run true to size. I took a chance and ordered the shoe a size smaller than what I normally wear. When I received the shoe, I loved the color and design. The comfort was nice, however because I ordered a size smaller they were a little snug. I should have just ordered my usual size. I've never had a problem ordering from Amazon before and returning items have always been a breeze, however this company is the complete opposite!! I have never had such a hassle returning something before until these shoes. This company does not offer a prepaid label. If you want to return something to them, you have to weigh your package and then go to the shipping companies website (UPS or FEDEx) and make your own label. Then you have to find a drop off area or schedule you item to be picked up. Not to mention they charge a restocking fee when you send something back to them. Needless to say because of my bad experience I did not reorder the correct size through them.", "Absolutely love these running shoes. I have wide feet and there is plenty of room in the toebox. Also have great impact cushioning. However I dont think they make this particular model anymore", "Good looking shoe.  The only fault is that you have to add a extra cushion insole for the shoe to have the ultimate comfort and best performance.  Even when you go to foot locker, they put the extra insole in when you try on the shoe.  The shoe is costly and Nike should go the distance to make this happen.  I just recently purchased another brand(less expensive, but a competitor) that was soooo comfy that it made me mad that Nike doesn't do this.  I have made the switch!!  Not a bad shoe, Nike is the best, but just be prepared to spend an extra $20.00 for comfort.  If all you wear is Nike, go to the mall and see the changes the other shoes have been making.  You will be amazed.", "I ordered this shoe and received a Nike Free 5 that looks nothing like this shoe..very disappointed, now this shoe is not available.", "they have lots of room in the toe box and are ultra comfortable. I love the colors and style, too.  I would definitely recommend these!", "I find they are about a 1/2 size big, but are very comfortable. This style is a favorite at my house.", "These are my first Nike shoes and, to be honest, I was expecting more from the so famous brand.Don't get me wrong, I like the shoes. I just don't see the extra value for being a Nike's.As said before, they are very light. They are basketball's shoes, they need to be light.They are also very confortable for walking and every day use.I just don't like the touch of feather like flaps on the sides (like silk). They are a little too fashionist for my taste.Overall, these go nice with most jeans and casual wear.", "Product as described, easy to navigate around site, and easy to purchase.  Would buy from here again.", "Can't beat the price for these kids Nike shoes.  I wanted a shoe for my son for Christmas that he could wear daily.  These are great.  They arrived in less than a week.  They seem to be excellent quality and well made.  For the price of Nike's at the store, compared to the price on Amazon, it can't be beat!  He is going to be very excited. Excellent looking pair of Nikes.", "These sneakers look better on than in the pics.I bought light up laces for them and it looks so good (light up laces looked great but wouldn't stay on)....either way the sneakers are hot!!", "Great shoes, but as i expected and after heavy daily use, the air capsule broke and now it sounds funny (Besides it does not absorb impacts as they were designed)", "My son loved his air force 1 and it fits as I expected. I will be ordering another pair for my niece.", "My boyfriend really enjoys these boots and is on his third pair. They last along time and a great if you work or stand on your feet a lot.", "I bought a pair of ACG's to wear in the Nightclub I work. I bought the ACG's because the nightclub I worked in was an old building and huge (25,000 square feet) where the plumbing behind the bars would back up as well as the ice bins (leaking on top of your feet as you make drinks) and beer tubs leaking as the ice melted, so there would be an inch of water on the solid concrete floor (behind the bars) after 2 hours of serving 2000+ customers every night. The ACG's were great for about 4 months as they are waterproof and comfortable, and then they started breaking down fast; the air pads all busted, and the out sole started coming apart by the turn of 6 months. Everyone seems to think they're great, so maybe I got a bad pair, or I worked in wet conditions to harsh for the boot.", "I bought these shoes for my boyfriend for his birthday. He absolutely loves them. He says they are extremely comfortable which is very important because he is on his feet all day at work. The shipment got there fast and was in excellent condition.  I would definitely recommend.", "This review is late, but I bought these for my husband last year. He loves them. He doesn't use them much where we are, but for those few cold weeks, he goes straight to these boots for winter footwear.", "excellent product , free of defects and great quality .i am completely satisfied with the acg's.i recomend these to anyone.", "I bought these for police work - they say the key to police work is comfortable foot wear. They're light weight, and easy to keep looking nice. Indoors they allow me to walk much quieter than a clunky work boot. I will definitely buy another pair.", "This is my second pair. I work long shifts on my feet and these shoes have been great. They fit as expected. I have a bunion on my left big toe so I did have the left shoe stretched at a local shoe repair and they are still great. Money well spent for me. Wish I could get my third pair at a discount&#8230;..", "As a construction worker, I usually buy the sears diehard type work boots but find they're not that supportive. The cushioning of these and other acg boots plus the padding around the ankle and narrower fit makes these my go to work boot brand/style.", "These are the second pair of these boots I purchased for my husband.  He liked the pair we bought for work use so much he purchased a second pair for leisure use.", "Seeks ks k so Menendez mens be bane nan back en ears. Den dude band do feel free gym we did dc", "Bought these boots from a store in the mall, they are awesome boots,comfortable lightweight,and waterproof. My only complaint is the color wore off them on the front top of shoe just below the laces. It kinda turned gray greenish color but in all fairness I wore them in the snow and rain at work. I'm looking to replace them with the same boots again.", "These are probably the most comfortable boots I have ever purchased. It really is worth the money. I'm always on my feet and I love how its waterproof. Looks great with some boot cut jeans. Def worth the money. If it were up to me I would buy them again and again. Oh yeah another thing is that they are lightweight.", "This is my 2nd air of this shoe, and it gives  the support and durability I require.  Great style, easy lacing and easy care.", "Thank you for your prompt and precise service on this item they are hard to find in my area under 160.00 and i appreciate it thanks!!!!!!", "Purchased as a gift. Item exactly as described. Fits very well and they are not too bulky considering they are size 13.", "I like these boots because they feel like a sneaker but look like a work boot. They also dont' get as hot as a work boot.", "Nothing more comfortable for wearing wherever, whenever!", "I'm in the lawn care / landscape business and i'm on my feet all day and have been looking for a work shoe that my feet don't hurt after each day of work.  After 1 week of wearing them I think I found the right shoe.  Think I going to buy another pair to have as a back up.  I purchased two pair, one for me and one for my son.  He loves his also..  Thanks  Gary from Venice, Florida", "had a really hard time finding a good boot for work but ever since i got the acg, my foot hasnt hurt one bit. I love these boots and will continue using it for the future", "Wanted to wait before I rated these shoes.  Took a couple of days to get used to but once broke in, very comfortable.  I am on my feet all day and on concrete and these shoes releive a lot of tension in my legs.  Highly recommend.", "This shoe color is very match!  the size is very fit! The quality is a best for a first choice! But the prices so expensive!", "This is now my fourth pair of these boots.  They are the most comfortable work boots I have ever worn and that is why I keep buying them.", "this boots are warm and comfortable. Now I drive everywhere I go so the warm part is partly due tp the heat of my car. But I love the boots and they are good looking too.", "Nike has always and continues to give you the exact product that I want and that is described to me. Never any complaints from over here.", "This is a grest Boot. It fits and feels like a sneaker but looks like a boot.Having to wear black work shoes all day every day, this shoe is a God Sent.The only reason i held back on getting another pair was i wanted to see if they were truly water proof.They are....right out of the box. no spary required. I recomend this to anyone who would rather where sneakers all day, no one will know the diffrence, accept maybe by the smile on your face.enought said ...now time to reorder. Thanks John DeL", "I have a back problem and the best thing for that is some good shoes.They fill like my air max sneaker just a little heavy.", "this boot is very comfortable with all the air bubbles on the bottle. the styles are very nice and its good for all work conditions", "these boots are the best. after chronic foot pain for many years, the first week no pain. can't say enough good things to NIKE!", "Lets face it, sometimes it is just easier to walk a mile or two than it is to deal with the high cab prices or parking fees. These shoes make walking very easy, are tough and provide a decent level of traction in ice. I would recommend that you use a little sandpaper, grips or even a bit of hairspray to help in the snow.", "I chose them for the cushioning, which is really nice. They are very stable and solid. Fairly lightweight (for a boot). They do feel a little like boots when I first put them on, but after a while I forget I have them on.Don't like the way the lace holes are not big enough for the laces to move freely. You have to pull each lace through each hole individually. You have to undo them to fit your feet in. I may look at enlarging them myself.Overall, a small inconvenience for the comfort and quality of this shoe.", "Very happy with the quality of the Nike Boot and especially the time in which I received it, I received them 3 days after I ordered them.  Thanks Amazon!", "Good all around shoe this is my second pair. they are durable and comfortable a fine shoe for work or play.", "Nike ACG is the most comfortable boot you can wear...i had arthritis pain in my left foot...but since i been wearing ACG or even Nike airmax sneakers...the pain is gone!! real talk", "I paid Amazon $171.47 for an order of one pair of ACG Nike boots.  Prior to ordering the boots, I visited the Nike web site and obtained their precise instructions to measure one's feet to determine what size to order.  The order was delivered on May 15, 2014.  I tried the boots on the next day and was very disappointed they were much too small.  I immediately sent then back for a refund.  The boots were received by the seller on 5/19 as indicated on my UPS tracking number.  Unfortunately, the seller is only refunding $154.97.  With the $10.18 I spent on shipping to return the boots, it is costing me a total of $26.66 to try on a pair of boots.  If these were in fact authentic Nike product I cannot believe there would be such a disconnect between the Nike Web Site and the seller of this product.  Last time I will ever buy shoes from Amazon.  A shoe store charges me nothing to simply try on a pair of shoes; Amazon charges $26.68.  In addition, I have assurances at a store the product is authentic since authorized retail locations are listed on the Nike site.", "I've been wearing these on a foot patrol for the last 6 months. I walk between 4 and 8 miles per day in them, in all sorts of conditions, and they're holding up well.  On my feet for over 8 hours a day and the comfort is there too. Only criticism is that they can get a little hot in warmer weather, but since they're waterproof, I'd expect that. Speaking of waterproof, that's a claim that these boots absolutely live up to.", "Got them in a timely fashion. The price was fantastic I finally gotten what I wanted for a great price.", "Was looking for work shoes. These were perfect. More comfortable than regular work shoes. Part of my job considers a lot of walking and these worked out great.", "I BOUGHT THESE FOR MY HUSBAND AND HE SAID THEY CHANGE HIS LIFE! IT'S LIKE WALKING ON AIR!", "I was more than pleased with the quality of the product along with the timely fashion that it was delivered. I really appreciated the fact that I was informed from the time of the order to the time of the delivery.The merchandise arrived in wonderful condition. And for now on I will be shopping more at Amazon then anywhere else.One Satisfied Customer!!!", "Wore them to work today , they fit great , not too heavy and my feet weren't killing me at the end of the day .", "I used to be a Timberland fanatic, don't get me wrong I still wear my Timbs, but once I bought my first pair of ACGs it was a wrap. If you're walkin in the city, these are the way to go...you wont catch me in NYC with anything but ACGs on. Just as comfortable, if not more, than most sneakers!", "Comfortable but really heavy, I only wear them around the office, because to heavy to wear in the field. Looks good though.", "I use them for my job as well as for personal use. You might need a insert if you stand on your feet for 5 plus hours straight but otherwise these shoes are as advertised.", "looks good, feels good and wears well. you can find more colors on ebay. best fitting and looking boot that i've had in a while. on par with lugs, harleys or whatever.", "Shoe holding up good...I did water proof just to be safe...look nice and comfortable. They are a little heavy so I wouldn't hike in them.", "Best work boot EVER!BACKGROUNDI started wearing Nike's in high school in 1989. After that I wore various other Nike sneakers for work shoes since 1994.About 2 and a half years ago or so I developed chronic foot pain, also known as plantar fasciitis.As a result of this I began wearing the Nike Air MAX 90, (which were the most comfortable Nike's I could find) for my work shoes for the last year and a half.I also began wearing Pinnacle Prostep insoles along with the Air Max 90. This combination along with wool (thick cushioned) socks is very comfortableAs you can tell have always been loyal to the Nike brand. I've tried a few other brands of shoes along the way but none gave me as much comfort as Nike's.Recently I started looking for a good looking, comfortable work boot. The first boot I looked at was the Timberland Pro 6\" Helix boots with \"anti fatigue\". This boot comes with a built in thick foam cushioning inside the shoe underneath the insole. A feature I've never seen on any other shoe/boot. The insole in this boot is pretty good too. Not your standard cheapo insole that come in most shoes.The foam cushioning in the Timberland had evenly spaced holes in it which reminded me of the Air pad that comes in the Nike Air Max.I normally wear a 10, but I put my Pinnacle insoles in a pair of 10.5 Tim's and tried them on with my wool sock and they were very comfortable! Two things about the Timberland's that I did not like. The style and they seemed awfully heavy. I bought them anyway. After I got home with them my wife helped me to see that a black boot would go better with my work uniform than the brown boot which I purchased.So I returned them to Sears and got my $143 back. I went online and found the Timberland's in black!But then something happened!I remembered when I was in high school and I saw a nice pair of Nike boot's and I wanted them. So I started googleing. Bam! I found the Nike ACG GOADOME and read all the reviews on Nike's site and here on Amazon. Then I ordered them.REVIEW!They just came in and I put in my Pinnacle Prostep insoles without removing the Nike insoles. I'm also wearing my wool socks. I immediately walked around and I can not believe how much better these boots compare to any other shoe I've ever worn. So comfortable I think I'll buy a few more to wear when I'm not working.I hope Nike never discontinues this boot!I'll try to add to this review in a month.... around Christmas and let you know how they are holding up.UPDATEWell after wearing these boots for the first few days my left ankle became sore because of the boot rubbing against it. I figured that I would have to break them in soI kept on wearing them and now they feel fine.As others have mentioned I find myself wearing these boots all the time now...because they are so comfortable. I need to order another pair for casual wear, or two!", "Well let me start by saying this is my second pair of these boots. They were so comfortable I had to get another pair. They held up pretty good seeing that I wore them five days a week for about 2 1/2 years for work.", "buying a pair to put on shelf very comfortable stylish expenisve is only down side, but would enjoy other colors as well", "These are the best, longest lasting boots my husband has ever found for work.  The air insole makes it much easier to stand for long periods and the shoe really lasts!  Too bad they are getting so hard to find!", "This shoe is the only one my UPS driver husband will wear. The front  and heel air pocket keep his feet from hurting him. The quality is spectacular and so well worth the price. We had been buying three to for pairs of lesser priced shoes per year, but these last a full year at least. We wish Nike still made the lower cut one but these do the job and they were cheaper here than in the few athletic stores that carry them. Having ordered them before we knew what size to order, but I would recommend finding them in store to try on sizes first then ordering. My husband usually wears a 10, but he gets a 10.5 in these to accommodate the foot swelling that happens from stepping in and out of the brown truck all day. It's nice that they are fairly water(weather) resistant also.", "Comfortable, Stylish, Functional, and most of all, I can wear it all day without the heels of my feet hurting at the end of my days work.", "this is my second pair of these nike boots.  they are the best work boots i have ever had and i've been wearing work boots for over 16 years now.  my feet are never cold and i work on a dock.  and they never get wet when in the snow or rain.  my first pair lasted me about two years and i could still get more wear out of them.  the boots came in a timely manner and were in excellent shape.  i would recommend these boots highly !", "I Been wearing these boots for 20 yrs or more. They are comfortable and wear very well. I have plantis fascitious in my feet and these boots make that condition a lot more bearable when doing alot of walking.", "I have been working standing 12 hours a day, six days a week, for the last ten years. And my feet hurt a lot. The ONLY shoe that I have tried, that relieves the pain, is THIS nike. I have tried the airmaxes (not the 140dollars ones but the 80 something dollars ones), I have tried the Sketchers shapeups (they hurt your knees, lower back and ankles, although they do alleviate the feet, I discarded them) I tried more than a pair of new balances, and I tried other brands.THIS is the ONLY shoe that helps GREATLY because it's so comfortable. (Of the ones I have tried).Nikes that are not full-air insole aren't as good.AND I am glad for the model IV BECAUSE IT IS DURABLE.I have had 4 pairs so far of Air Monarchs, and the first one was made of leather, so the upper part lasted well, but the sole completely broke apart! The blue and white separated after about six months of daily use. But I had to buy the same kind, because of my feet pain. The second pair was NOT made of leather, and the upper body broke apart in less than a year and the sole also disintegrated. Same with the third. But THESE, the nike air monarch IV are made of leather AND the sole design is different and HAS NOT BROKEN APART so far.Even if it did break, I'd buy them again cause theyre SO comfortable. BUT I am thankful for the leather and for the sole not breaking apart.ANOTHER THING. All my monarchs were white. I read a bad review on the black so I just keep getting white, although I would like the black better, if it had a grey nike logo instead of being completely black. But even being completely black, if they were as comfortable as the white ones, I'd rather get the black ones because I need them for a dirty job.", "Excellent,. Standing in one place for 7 hours is no joke. This really works. Its better than the insoles that I bought for my old boots.", "Im a 39 yr old auto mechanic. I've worn wolverine, timberland pro, fila sneakers, brahma. Excellent boot. I put $3 foam insoles in mine. Wear from sunrise to bedtime. Buy these!", "I can't really wear it the right boot is killing me ankles I wore the boots twice and on the second time at work I has to take them off and luckily I had shoes that I keep in my office and put those on. The right boat hurtled so much I couldn't walk", "it is a good product, but my kid used just 2 weeks, because it is too small...", "Aunque en la descripcion dice botitas, pues son calcetines chiquititos los compre para mi recien baby, y pues son Nike, son de muy buena calidad son bastante suavecitos, y el empaque en el que vienen pues es muy bueno, mi madre quedo encantada por la presentacion , y fueron los unos que encontre en esta marca!", "I just got these in the mail today and they are super adorable, however, the sizing is small.  I ordered 3-6 months and my son is just turning 4 months.  However, they are way too small for him, and he has normal sized feet.  What a bummer!", "My son is on his second pair of this style of Nike Shox, which we hope will be made forever. Note that the uppers are mostly mesh, which means they are light, flexible and cool, but not waterproof. The design, without any side to side embellishment and the mesh make the shoe perfect for children with wide feet and feet that are not exactly the same size. Most of the styles have white mesh which gets a little dingy, but the quality of the materials makes these shoes last. My son wore them to school nearly every day for a whole school year. We bought him another pair and hope they do the same. Footlocker is the only retail chain that reliably carries the children's Shox line.", "GREAT SNEAKERS TO DO SPORT ACTIVITIES WITH. I PLAY BASKETBALL IN MY GYM CLASS WITH THESE AIR MAXES.", "I rank these right up there with the Jordan XX8 as some of the best basketball shoes to ever come out of Nike's famed factory.  They do fit a little small, so be sure to buy one size larger (or maybe 1/2 size).  They have eye-catching style and ridiculously good grip on the court.  The only downside is that they wear out quick when you play on asphalt (30-40 games) but they last three times as long on indoor courts.  The part I loved about these the most is how low your feet are to the ground...you can feel EVERYTHING and they are really responsive.  If you're a guard or forward who utilizes a lot of cuts & crossovers,, this shoe will leave you with a smile on your face.", "They are for real players that cannot stand any draw back of the equipment.Quick response, solid protection and support, great grip and a cold, samuri like style. And of course not to mention the air zoom and carbon board that are always the golden combo.These shoes are just ready for you to put on and slice thru any defense on the court.It almost feels like it become part of your feet and at the same time, strengthened your legs as if you put on some kind of Ironman suit built for basketball.", "I have been using these shoes for about 2 years, they are reaching the end of their lives so I figure now is a good time to post up my opinion on them.Over the past 2 years I have run probably a few hundred miles on these shoes, and they have held up really well.  They are comfortable.  They aren't as light as other running shoes I have used in the past, but they do the job, and they are durable.  A lot of my running has taken place on rocky-uneven terrain.  At first I was afriad the shoes would fall apart under that kind of stress but I was wrong, they held up nicely.  I would recommend these shoes to others.", "She loved how comfortable these were and the color combination was her favorite. Throw in the Apple Nike + ipod sport kit and it's a great combo.", "I purchased the Nike Shox + experience and I love them. They are comfortable & stylish. I really like the Nike + iPod feature.", "My son loves them, they fit great and he enjoys playing with them on. Would like to see a few true high top baseball and football shoes. They would protect kids ankles.", "Bought these fer the 10 yr old son and plays on two diff teams withem, has no complaints. Seem to handle the abuse he puts em thru,.", "Great shoe for my son, he plays lil league baseball & he feels they helped him run fast lol they stayed in great condition all summer", "My daughter uses these shoes for Volleyball and P.E.  She loves them and they look good too!  She said she feels like they help her jump higher and she said she liked the added height she feels while wearing them.  Overall, outstanding!", "I want more of this shoes. Do you have it? I will bye!Or can you tell me where i can bye Nike Womens Shox Vivify + Running Shoes", "i did buy this shoes to go mountain bike riding love the shoes this is the type of shoes i like for my montain bike riding ...", "I would not recommend this shoe period. After wearing them 2 or 3 time the lace-holders on the shoe began to snap off. A year and a half later and a couple of them left. The other huge problem is that the top of the shoe will never break in. I have scars on the top of my heel from the shoes. I wore multiple pairs of sox and tried hard to break them in. The only way I can wear these demon shoes is if I also wear neoprene ankle braces and even the ankle braces are being worn away at the back. Not too mention they are chunky, heavy and ridiculous looking when you put them on. Of course they are LeBron's so I should have know they would be garbage. I would never recommend these shoes ever, unless you have feet of stone or just love to be in pain. For the money you could buy ANY shoe and it would be better.", "Hella heavy. If you dont wear thick long socks then the upper heal near the calf rubs against the shoe causing blisters.  Also, the plastic lace holes breaks apart from the leather after a month of use.POS shoe.", "This was a Christmas gift for my grandson.  His mother told me he wanted these.  He was thrilled, and he is always &#34;in style&#34;.", "I love these flip flops!!  I have 3 pairs.  The sandal part is made of neoprene (wet suit material) and fits in-between toes very nicely.  Unlike plastic or other materials that tend to rub and irritate your tender in-between toes skin.  The bottom is made of a very flexible, cushiony rubber material , that makes it very comfortable to walk around for hours.", "i clicked on the vomero 3 shoes and then to select a size it is small, medium, large, etc???how can you order these shoes if most the pictures are shorts, despite the SHOE description and the sizes are not in SHOE???seems very shady", "I run about 15-20 miles a week.  I used to wear Asics but I decided to try a different pair since I was getting bad blisters in the bunion area ( I don't have bunion and my feet are rather thin).  I tried about 7 pairs at the store and finally bought these model.  So far I can feel the difference, I'm getting no blisters.  The extra room on the sides is great.  The sole feels soft.  I totally recommend them.  Worth the money!", "The pic shows an orange silver and white running shoe. Then a yellow pair of shorts and the description now that I've ordered the shoes has changed to a maroon white and silver turf shoe? What's going on w this?", "THIS WAS A SHOE THAT WAS BOUGHT NOT A SHIRT WATCH WHAT YOU BUY MAKE SURE YOUR PRODUCT IS CORRECT I SEE AMAZON IS OFF ON THE PICTURES THEY SUBMIT", "These shoes are what I expected...!  I would purchase again.  I really would like to find more colors in this style however my small 8 year old grandson liked them and that is all that matters lol.", "Love these shoes. .. Shoes were at a great price.  Better than going in the store. Would recommend these shoes for anyone.", "They are my favorite sneakers I had them for years. I have to get a new one I can't live without them.", "Perfect, exactly what I was looking for", "I worked as a inventory counter for a year on my feet and I don't know how in the world would I survive without my air maxes", "The shoe was not leather like I expected it to be.  It looked cheap. So I guess that is why the price was so low. You know the old saying, you get what you paid for.", "These shoes looks really really good. You can't tell that they're so cheap. In this case, you don't get what you pay for. You get something way better!", "My 7 year old son loves these shoes.  Extra cushioning,  he feels tall and said that he can bounce up (like a spring). :)", "Was excited to finally find a size 13 shoe in white for my son. Was very disappointed when the shoe arrived and he couldn't get his foot in the shoe. Because I can't actually use what I purchased, I have to give it two stars since I don't like the fact the shoes run this small.", "az very nice product that my son had to have and i recommend these shoes for any parent that like Nikes and a good look for kids.", "i got the all white ones...love them very comfotable..thanks..these are th only shoes i engoy wearing..because i need that lift...not so flat on the ground", "This pair of shoes is a perfect fit for my woman's size 8 foot and was &#34;rightly&#34; priced! I would recommend these to anyone.", "My son really liked these sneakers and wears them all of the time. That's really all I have to say but this software required more words.", "These were now coming into style when I got them for my daughters. They are both active so I didn't expect much life out of them. As it turned out  they got an entire year of wear to school. this was remarkable as I usually don't regard nike shoes as being durable.", "I ordered the same size I have worn for the last at least 10 years of my life and this shoe was too big.  I then had to pay almost $13.00 to ship back.  Ridiculous!!!!!", "Loved it. Fits my son perfectly. However too much unnecessary packaging which adds to the total weight of the item.", "These are some crisp nice looking white shoes. However, after walking for long periods my feet ache.  Recommend only for style.", "MY SON LIKE THEM A LOT GO WIT A LOT OF HIS SHORTS THANX WE WILL B ORDERIN SUM MORE SOON", "I love the shoes, just a lil bit too big but I will manage. I suggest to get a 1/2 size smaller if you wanna buy", "The shoe was bought for my son to wear to school for Physical Education.  The shoe is nice but for some strange reason the rubber part at the front has started peeling and the material around that area is cracking up.  I am a little dissapointed as he has not work the shoe fives times.  For a sneakers that price for a 5 year old I do expect to get value for money expecially since the air force one he wore for the entire year last year is still in good condition except that they dont fit him anymore. My husband and I really liked that sneakers and went to almost every mall and every sports store in Ft Lauderdale and Tampa in search of the size and colour that we needed.  Now to be faced with this problem after such a short time is very disheartening.  I do hope that it will hold up for him to wear for a longer period.", "My wife was so happy when we found these she could never find them in her size so she got a pair and my baby girl also got a pair", "These shoes are the most comfortable and seem to help with the shock of running. They are really secure around the back of the ankle, so if that is not comfortable for you, you will not like shox. But these are the best I've tried out of former asics and different stile of Nike's.", "I purchased these shoes for running. They are fablious! I will buy Nike shox again! They are sized a little small.I typically wear a 7 1/2 but in these it took a 8. Very nice and comfortable shoe!", "My son loves these shoes. I was debating because of the color but I found so much to match .", "This shoe is just as advertised.  The fit was perfect and my grandson has no problem with it.  We received it promptly and the packaging was good.  I will not hesitate to buy from this vendor again.  I am very satisfied.", "Very flat on the bottoms, little if any arch support inside.  My son walks around in them as if he were wearing  cardboard boxes. If I could select the shoes that my 10 year old would wear, it would not be these.  However since a boy likes what a boy likes, I guess they will do, until they like all other Nike sneakers fall apart in the end.", "I use these shoes when I exercise at work - most times I work out in the warehouse - so these shoes are a must when jogging on concrete. The first time I put the shoes on it felt like I always had them. Very comfortable.", "Nike Men's Air Zoom Structure Triax+ 11 Running Shoe (Anthracite/ Grey/ Orange/ Metallic Silver) - 9EXCELENTE ZAPATOS PARA TROTAR Y PARA USO DIARIO MUY COMODOS Y MUY BUEN PRECIOLOS RECOMIENDOSALUDOSVICTOR PIERRALT", "I've loved Nike Aur Force Ones since I was just a boy. Glad to see Nike stick with them and allow the freedom of creation to bring out our individualism. Great way to bridge the \" Ol' School\" with the \"New School\"", "I bought these for husband for Christmas and by March the bottom is peeling off.  Overall they looked cool and my husband said they were comfortable,  but they started coming apart really soon.  I think next time I will by shoes from a store that they can be returned to if they fall apart.", "Favorite shoe as always. I've been wearing air max's since the nineties and when they came back I was really pleased. Great product!", "Great price great fit exactly what I wanted with a much better price than I could find in stores thx", "I choose to rate this as a 3 because they fit tight, but I think being they are leather they will take some getting use too. Great look, and I will try to wear them longer to get the feel of comfort I'm looking for. Priced good but mayby should of waited for the price to come down some more.Non the less I will try shoe trees to get more room.", "I bought both black and white. The sneaker is comfortable and fits nice. I wish they had alot more colors.", "A man helping m help reach people in prison wears daily. He is three hours of misc. work outs daily.He loved these and no foot pain from rag-look prison shoes.", "I live for fresh and clean sneakers, even though I am a stiletto wearing woman during my 9-5. But when I am not at work, I take full advantage of being comfortable.  These sneakers are very comfortable and nice to walk in.  They run pretty true to size, even though this is a man's shoe and I'm a woman.  I wear a 7.5 in mens shoes and don't mind buying mens sneakers because the men have a better selection in sneakers.  Overall, a nice and good looking sneaker.  I do recommend.", "I have had a lot Nike Air Max sneakers..unfortunately, these particular ones didn't fit right. All my nike sneakers are a size 10. These were very tight and small.", "I ordered these shoes for my son because he asked for this pair specifically!  And I was pleased that they shipped out the exact day that I placed the order and he was soooo happy with them.  Said they are the most comfortable sneaker he has ever had!  Mom and son are thrilled!", "The shoes fits just right and im glad i got on to see that shoe because i had been looking for an all white pair of nike shoes and could never find them.Until i got on amazon.So i had to order them", "The seller never provided the size of the sandals, so I assumed it was 10 based on the title of the shoe.", "They didn't fit me they were not my size and im a size 10 they were 7 and thats why i choose that rating", "I am a huge fan of Nike Air and decided to purchase another style of Nike  these shoes rock in style.. you cannot see it clearly but the soles are peppered with colored polka dots coordinated to match the upper sole. I purchased two pairs in different colors. ( red) and .( purple)... I gave 4 stars because I believe the comfort level was a bit lower than my Nike Air.", "I love these shoes! they are awesome, i've only had them for about a week, but i'm not disapointed at all. definitly a nike free customer from now on! :)only downsize is not having 1/2 sizes", "Love the shoes! Though I think it's a little bit heavy, but the design and color for me is perfect. I wear this almost everyday LOL! Thanks Amazon!", "great shoe, fits perfect, like pearl effect of shoe. its right on time for the olympics colors, one of many great color ways for lebron 9 low.", "Fit well, shipped on time, my husband loved the material and fit. I will order another one in a different color soon.", "Just as good as every other pair of Pegasus I've ever had.  Take a beating and keep going.  Great for distance running or just wearing around the house. Best overall shoe ever made in my opinion.", "I like these low Blazer's. Just not alot-alot. They are nice for walking or skateboarding.", "Great shoes!  They are exactly what my husband wanted and will order the black ones in the future", "These shoes were purchased for my grandson. He looked at so many pairs and finally selected this pair. They were very comfortable and fit well. They lasted a long time. They are a good pair of shoes for a teenage boy who loves playing basketball. Marie", "Classic Nike 360 Air Max shoe, ivory with gold trim.  Loved it for running and now for use at Gold's Gym weight lifting.  Expensive but long lasting and the engineering seems to be the best.  The air heel area can wear and perforate but it is unlikely - send back to the seller for a full refund if this happens.", "I usually do not spend a lot of money on shoes, but I'm glad I did!!.These are the most comfortable shoes that I have EVER owned!! The colors are bright and I love the fact that the strings stretch a little bit to help get your shoes tighter. I will be buying more shoes for my kids soon!!Thank you and I will be ordering again soon.Jason Osterhoff", "Not quite what I was expecting for $140.00. They are not very comfortable. I was looking for a comfortable shoe because I stand on concrete all day.", "very good&#65292;match with the photo, brand new and clear,it is worth of this price.i may use for body fits.", "Theses Nike slides are comfortable and cute all at the same time. Made an awesome gift. The size, arrival time, and fit was wonderful.", "Thanks so Much", "I got these for my boyfriend for our anniversary and he hasn't taken them off since, so they're pretty durable too :)", "These shoes are great! They are comfortable and look great. I highly recomend these slides if you are going to get any.", "what a comfortable pair of shoes and fit great. easy to wear and no hurting the bottoms.  hassle free shipping and came by the time stated", "I wear these comfort slides around the house every day. They are comfortable! I do however have to wear them with socks so that they stay on easier; I have neuropathy in my feet and the pressure of a tight fit makes them hurt more.  That is why I have to have a slide sandal of this nature, so I can be comfortable around the house.", "If these get wet, you're screwed. They will stink to high heaven no matter how many times you clean them.  Otherwise they are great. Very comfortable.  For best results only wear indoors with socks on.  If you're feet sweat, and or these get wet, they will retain the stink forever.......", "These are ultra cushy and quite comfortable.  It took a little bit of playing around with adjusting the straps but once I got it just right, they felt.  I would buy these again.", "They were to small . I bought a pair of Jordan slides size 7 a while back and they fit great. I don't know why these nike ones fit to small.", "Just a little small probably should have gotten a bigger size but they are still so comfy. I wear them all the time", "This will be the 3rd pair of these that i've bought. They are like wearing slippers. I go through them so quick that I have to buy a new pair every year. The top of the foot is a little rough until you break them in. Buy a little bigger then normal because they'll be a little tight as first.I still have the first pair I bought almost 4 years ago and they're still as comfortable as when I bought them, despite all the holes in them. Being memory foam and not soft rubber like most sandles, they wear around the toes like normal shoes do. I've taken them hiking, biking, walking you name it. They are not slip resistant though so beware aroud pools and what not. They are becoming harder and harder to find though so buy while you can. I'm thinking of buying another pair just so I have some the next year.", "This shoe is comfortable but the size runs small. Buy a larger size. I think I will send it back.", "Feels great on the feet. I wear these around everywhere when I plan on having a lazy day.", "Bought them as a gift as requested.  I assume that's what he wanted and would like!  Kind of expensive, though.", "There were only a few choice colors available for this sandle but the color I chose was just right for my son.", "Put these 13&#34; sandals up again my other 13&#34; sandals and these are over half inch shorter than my other Nikes.", "I got these for my son and he loves them. They are comfortable and arrived earlier than expected...which is awesome. If you can please a teenager then your doing something great.", "We purchased this as a gift for our grandson. He gave us a list and we ordered. Every time we see him he is wearing them. He just loves them!", "My husband swears by these slides.  After a long day at work, these are the first things he wiggles his feet into and then feels like he can relax.  Very well made, as all Nike brands are.", "Bought these for my husband and wish I had bought some for myself!  He loves them!  They have an incredible cushion that makes them extremely confortable and the look is awesome!", "These slippers are very comfortable and look nice. I like the that you can adjust the tension on them because I have wider foot. Will definitly buy another pair but differant color.", "The  problem I have with men's Nike comfort slide 2 sandals , it keeps sliding on one side as I walk. If I had to run for my life with this sandals, I would be in big trouble .", "Size 14 Nikes always work for me.  I'm not as impressed with the cusion as i was in the store.  I felt the insole of these on several occassions and always thought they would be amazingly soft.  Stores never had my size, so after about 3 months i decided to order.  Fit is dead on, but my 250 pound body compresses the cusion so hard it's almost nonexistant.Hopfully with a Comfort 3 they can add something that doesn't compress as much.If you are lightweight, i'd recommend them.  I'd also recommend trying them on at your local shoe store for a test drive before ordering", "My husband loves this pair of sandals.  He has wide feel so they fit perfectly and they are sturdy (well worth the price).  The gel sole makes the comfort level a 10.", "Love them, my little brother had some and I tried them and had to get me some and mine are great!", "My son loved the slides. He uses them for after basketball practice. The picture of the slides to me did not do the slides justice. They look better in person.  Once I placed my order, I received them quickly.  Great purchase.", "My husband bought these & found that they were too small & weren't comfortable even if they had been the right size.", "I have already owned a pair of these (until my Great Dane ate them) and they are extremely comfortable. I love them and they are perfect indoor slides.", "My son begged me for a month to purchase these shoes and he is 100% satisfied with them. They are sleek and smooth and very nice looking. He is keeping up with the trends at school and has now called me a superhero because I got him the shoes he wanted. We are all now, Nike fans! Great Buy!", "I got this shoe as a size 7 when i was a size 5, up until i was a size 9.5, and I LOVE the incredible comfortable foam padding, which forms to your feet. There is an adjustable foam strap that is also very comfortable. I am also ordering another pair slightly bigger. These also fit wide feet as I wear wide shoes, and my friends are not wide, and the love it too. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS COMFORT SLIDE SHOE.Comfort: 10Looks: 9Durability: 9Recommendation: ABSOLUTELY", "They are very comfortable! I love these sandals I enjoy wearing them!! They are great sandals if you are going to travel!", "The product came in pristine condition. They were brand new, and they came well packaged. I got them sooner than expected, and have been wearing them non-stop. The memory foam feels great when I am walking, or just simply have my feet in them while sitting down.", "Foam is really soft, provides great support. Fits easily. Style has major swag. Well worth the money spent. Great value.", "these flip flops are very comfortable and they look really nice too. but i hope this pair lasts longer than the last pair i had which tore up after only about 3 months.", "These sandals provide comfort and style if you are the athletic type and for an affordable price as well. I extremely recommend these sandals.", "Great comfort and fit for a sandal.  This is a much more comfortable pair than my last sandals like this from Jordan's line.", "these are complete knockoffs when u can get the real thing in the mall for the same price. do not get these.", "Got these for my boyfriend he loves them. They are very comfortable and the Velcro allows him to adjust to his liking.", "Comfortable and nice looking. would purchase again in the future and my son loves them. Easy to clean as well.", "These open toe slides are extremely comfortable, high quality, durable, and attractive. My 4 stars are simply due to the most important thing on these slides - The Velcro Closure. I personally prefer Velcro and they are very easy to adjust. However, Velcro in general is best &#34;locked&#34; together when you first receive this item or when you use velcro in general. If a lot of adjustments are being made (undoing, redoing the velcro because your little brother with same feet but skinnier than you want to wear them), the velcro gets a bit hard to stick for a longer period. The inside is very comfortable.", "the slipper is very comfortable i enjoy wearing it everyone likes it  ibut need more styles amazing blah blah b", "Very well made and very comfortable.  Adjustable via velcro top.  Am extremely pleased with this high-quality and reasonably priced product from Nike.", "Comfort Slides are extremely snug and comfortable to wear.  The soft padding is very soft and feels good during casual wear.", "Well worth the money! They are a great investment would purchase again but don't think that will be necessary. They are a solid sandal you get what you pay for.", "These shoes are not what they appear to be.  I bought a pair and I liked how they felt, but the glued on strap (yes, glued, not sewn) came off within a week.  I would try a different manufacturer.", "My son is very happy with his new sandals. He used them almost every day for school and we got them on time.", "The size was to small but I was able to enlarge it and it was very comfortable and good looking.", "Love these slides! I've had 2 different pair of nike slides but none of then come close to how comfortable and attractive these comfort slides are. There a great buy for the price.", "Our 9 month old 62 pound Lab has eaten everything in the house (including parts of the house itself) and has obliterated any number of slippers, but these Nike slippers have so far been the only thing that can stand up to him. He loves to repeatedly rip the huge velcro flaps apart.I can recommend these as either footwear or as dog toys.G.", "Great styling and excellent comfort", "wonderful and comfortable. acceptable prize. if you don't worry about the money,go get this. and it is also adjustable,so just buy without worry.", "This was a gift for my son and they fit and he loved them so bravo to your excellent customer service I will be shopping here again", "These slip ons are way over priced for what they are. The so called padding is very thin and unless you are under 100 lbs. these shoes are not that comfortable. The fit is good but the padding is not good at all. Look elsewhere for padded slippers.", "Pros: They are comfortable.Cons: They look too big on the feet - when looking down.The Velcro isn't very strong.  Sometimes I take a step and am suddenly without a sandal.Thus, due to unreliable Velcro and rather bulky look, I never wear these out casually.  They are simply my kicking around the house and patio sandal.", "Great quality, and very comfortable sandals.  I would recommend these or buy some for a friend.  3 months use and still no sign of any tears or rips. I would buy these again.", "i love the feel of them, i had them for some time now and they are still felling well under my feet", "It's like walking on clouds. Do not regret the purchase.", "Great sandal, fits well. Have owned this before and dog chewed it up so had to get a new pair! Love them. Adjustable Velcro is great. Got here in reasonable time even considering the snow storm that hit the easy coast. Would definitely buy again", "Great product at a great price, arrived on time, looks great, feels great, fits great, would definitely recommend it to others", "The shoes fit comfortably and are very stylish for wearing. Also they shipped fast and are just great.  Just great overall.", "I suppose if you had large wide feet you might like these sliders, but they were too bulky for me and I sent them back right away and bought others which were  more streamlined and a lot cheaper. The enclosure on top is stiff and does not really conform to your feet. I have long but narrow feet (14B) and these don't work for people like me.", "Im a sucker for white shoes, so I love these. fit perfect, and look like great quality. I would recommend", "Great product very confertable  good price I would recommend these sandals to any one great to use at summer time", "I love love love this pair of sandals they're the best pair i ever had bought in a while and i am a shoe person", "Everything I buy from NIKE is exactly as advertized!!  Everything fits as expected and will purchase more nike gear in the future.", "The most comfortable sandals you will ever wear. I love them so much, I might never wear shoes again. A must buy.", "Very confortable. Couldnt be happier", "These were bought for my teenage son and he absolutely loves them.  They fit true to size and are a very comfortable shoe.", "When you are in wet grass your feet seem to slip of them. They are extremely comfortable enough to deal with the other issue.", "VERY NICE QUALITY AND COMFORTABLE!", "This is the most comfortable fitting slipper I've ever worn! The padding in this slipper feels like a pillow top mattress for my feet! Definitely a must have!!!!", "For some reasons, the company sent me the wrong size. i ordered size 12 instead i receive size 15. i gave to a friend and he is happy about it. he said they are comfortable.", "Bought these for my son and he says they are awesome.  I have found that you can't go wrong with Nike...........especially on Amazon.", "The product is very comfortable, and there is a nice feel for when you need to go out and not want to put on shoes. Also good with socks, and the adjustment makes it so you can use them loose or tighter. Worth the money, for sure.", "My husband loved these.  While other reviews mentioned they ran small I think what they really mean is narrow.  The 15 worked well for my hubs who typically wears a 14W.  Loved them just as much as the Under Armour sandals that are impossible to find.", "Nike Mens Comfort Slides are awesome.  This is my second pair very comfortable and provide just the right amount of support for me and my back.  Have had a few injuries so slides and flip flops never seem to work however these are perfect.", "The sole is so squishy and comfy! They are also very easy and convenient to clean if you spill something on them.", "Very comfortable memory foam footbed.  Appears to be made of high quality materials.  Very cool,.striking-looking red rubber outer sole.  Very happy with these Nike slides.", "I love these slides! The cushion insole does the trick for comfort and the adjustable vamp allows a comfortable fit on my EEE wide feet. A little pricey, but worth it.", "I have owned a few pairs of slides in my day but these are simply the best when it comes to comfort, fit and durability.  They were a little stiff out of the box but they softened up perfectly after a few hours of wear.  I wear these out in public and get lots of attention to my feet which is exactly what one expects in a hot style of footwear.", "was a gift and my son enjoys them wish they didn't cost that much but as long as he is happy then I am happy", "I looked around my home town for 2 weeks for a pair of sandals as we were going away. Two weeks before we left I decided to find them on Amazon. Once they were purchased they said I'd receive them between 7 and 14 days.I received them in 5 days, counting weekend days. I was happy with the purchase when I received them and was without a doubt happy, after a week of wearing them. If your looking for a sandal, these are like walking on air.I've been Amazonized (If thats a word)Thank you, I highly recommend the Sandal and Amazon.", "There great most comfortable sandals every it's like temperpedic fluff it's just the best u can buy for the price", "Super, super, s u p e r  soft cushion. Feels like you're walking on air (or water if you're Jesus). Great stocking stuffer, and or thanksgiving gift. Size is true to specs!", "They arrived on time and are wonderful looking sandals, but unfortunately the bottom is  plastic that will be slippery going up steps to a jaccuzzi which they were intended for. And even with the straps tightened , my husbands foot just slid forward which also wouldn't be safe. So I will need to return them --darn!", "Your feet will Thank You!The absolute most comfortable sandel I have ever put my feet in.Note that it runs a tiny, tiny bit small.", "I have these slippers since last Nov. Hardly wore them. Tried wearing them several times, but the adjustable instep strap scraped my skin, causing the skin to break. They are non-usable. Can I return them for credit and get something else. Thank tou, Merrill Krieger", "I bought these for my son who is 13 and involved in various sports. I guess the big thing is to wear these before games. I am ok with this as it will make the other shoes last longer...in theory.I asked him last night how he likes them and he said...&#34;love them, they are so comfortable&#34;To be honest I may have to get me a pair as he is correct, they are comfortable. Does this mean I need to participate in a sport?", "4 stars only because they don't make wide and extra wide sizes, I had to opt for the 11 instead of what I normally wear 10.5 EE. Still they are nice, and do what I need them for.", "Just wanted something loose and comfortable for around the house and casual wear.  Shipped fast, comfortable, look good and the price is right.", "These would be great slippers.  They don't feel like sandles.  I would not purchase these again.  Not a good buy.", "My son loves these shoes. They are really comfortable. It is hard to find white ones. All the lifeguard need white slides for work. High quality.", "the title nike gave the slide is true to me...comfort.  I feel like I am walking on pillows. I wear them all the time.", "Very comfortable sandals and well worth price.  I have been looking for sandals that are very comfortable for a while, and it about time that I find a pair of comfortable sandals. Take my work shoes off and put on my Nike Comfort Sandals when I get home from work.  Nike sure do make great sandals specially the cushion as you feel you're walking on a cloud, and they sure do feel like Tempur-Pedic fluff.  Thanks Nike for making those Comfort Sandals and yes I would buy other pairs of Nike Comfort Sandals!!!", "I would recommend these to anyone they very nice and styleish they last really good I usually wear mine eveywhere", "They came in 2 dented boxes. But the shoes were fine. I love the shoes they are very comfortable. Very happy with the purchase.", "I did nopt like the way they mde my feet look like duck feet. The white color isjust wrong. I retured them for another pair of black that I love.", "Overall, I like the Comfort Slide 2.  I have worn them for a few days now, and I would say that they are good.  These could be made more comfortable if they had a little more foam cushion on the top and a sole that was more like soft rubber and less like hard plastic.  They tend to be slippery on hard surfaces like hard wood floors.", "Wow, these are great and the most comfortable sandals on the planet.  Also with the Nike Logo you know you are getting the bestin footwear.  Padded and soft and with the great look for summer.", "These sandals have a memory foam feel underfoot- you couldn't ask for a more comfortable fitting sandal. They run true to size. Highly recommended.", "Great Christmas present for a person who works on their feet for hours! Easy to adjust and the gel provides excellent support.", "the design of the inner sole is terrible.  my feet quickly slipped off to the side after only a few steps so i returned them.would i purchase again?  NOdo i recommend?  NO", "The only thing that I probably don't like as much would be the strap. It gets time to get used to it mainly because it takes time to your feet to adjust to the right measurement. Other than that, it a great sandal specially the cushion as you feel you're walking on a cloud. I only use them in my house.", "Look better in person and they fit perfectly not to big or to small and they're very comfortable I definitely recommend 5 stars", "this is the best slide ive ever owned its very soft and comfortable not hard like most this is my second pair i purchased the black ones last year,hey guys great buy", "Fits like a glove. Very comfortable with firm but soft cushion . Looking to buy another pair in different color.", "Very high quality, just as advertised  a great buy for anyone who is looking for comfort, would buy again as needed.", "I tended to go barefoot, especially at home (I live in Hawaii) but when I developed Plantar fasciitis (bottom of foot hurts) my podiatrist said no more barefooting. My son had a pair of Nike Comfort Slides and I tried them on and they helped stop the pain. I bought these to wear and now I have no more pain and can't stand to be barefoot.", "I LOVE the colorway and are amazingly comfortable. I ordered one size up from my regular shoe size, so that the slides could fit me just perfect. They are awesome!!!!!", "These were purchased as a replacement for his slippers exactly like these...they were shipped on time, they fit perfectly, and they are comfy!", "My son loves these slides, they are a little more pricey than I prefer, but he loves them and that's what counts.", "Fit perfect and were comfortable.  He liked the color and how they fit.  He didn't have any complaints about them.", "I've been looking at sandals for a while now and I knew a friend who had these.  I found that they are comfortable now matter if you wear them to walk out to your car or if you're walking around for hours at the beach or whatever you may be doing.  Great product.  Lighter than I thought.  Socks are preferred with them as they rub against the side of your feet.", "bigger than expected", "i thought that the cushion would be soft like the ones on the girl slippers.... it was hard as a rock and has a weird feeling to it... but since i spent that much money on it my husband decided to keep wearing it until it will break...", "Will buy again my husband and son love them I brought 2 for the guys they wanted more my guys are happy", "Great, clean looking shoe.  I will get a lot of wear out of them this summer and beyond.  Not too expensive.", "These sandals are exactly how they look.  And they are comfortable too.  We had to order the wider size but they fit just fine.  Love them!!", "My husband is very happy with his new sandals--they fit great and are so comfortable as well as stylish. This is his second pair.", "This slippers was an excellent choice. The first time I put my foot into it it was so comfortable I still describe it as walking on the clouds of the heavens however it is one of those slippers you would probably have to wear with sandals as your sweat will be soaking into the material that covers whatever makes this so damn comfortable...", "The shoes appear to be well made and sturdy.  I guess the real test will come when my son wears them.  First impression - great shoes.", "They look nice and are pretty comfortable although they fit smaller than I expected. I recommend ordering a size bigger.", "These sandals are amazing. I normally try to stay away from products that are \"brand specific\" or popular because of a brand name, but the moment I tried my friend's pair I knew I had to buy it. I began wearing these shoes in high school not only because they were fashionable but because they were highly comfortable. I was on the basketball team and because my lack of height would require me to exert more force when dunking I developed jumper's knee. These bad boys allowed me to bear through the pain of jumper's knee by providing excellent padding. These shoes are 5 stars because the con isn't really a con... Using the sandals to play sports is a big no no. During PE I tried dunking with these slippers on only to have my foot undo the strap and launch my self backwards Charlie Brown Style.", "I ordered these for my son as a Christmas gift. The sizing was spot on. He loves them. He wears them everywhere he is able!", "I'll start off by saying I didn't purchase these from Amazon, I bought them in store. That being said, these sandals are probably one of the most comfortable pair I've ever purchased. The only con I can state about them is that they do need cleaning pretty often. My feet tend to sweat when I'm wearing them since the memory foam on the bottom retains heat, which is why I personally need to clean them often.", "First off , i ordered a 2EE . They said it was in stock in Black . Ok fine !  I received , can you guess ? Bet you all can .  MEDIUM !! Cause they are 'Sliders ' there fit , Barely and i ordered up 1 full size also . But man i can't believe the price for what i got . No way worth that money imo !!", "After a while of wearing these, your feet start to hurt. Overall, i feel like this isn't worth the money.", "These are great to slip on after taking your cleats off after a game. They are comfortable. I would not recommend them if you are doing a lot of walking.", "These shoes are awesome. Very very very comfortable and well worth the price. I looked everywhere for these shoes and couldn't find them anywhere. They were even sold out on nike.com. I was elated to see that Amazon had them and bought them immediately! Needless to say, I am extremely happy with my purchase.", "I use to purchase New Balance running shoes but their quality is the same or less than it has been and they feel that their prices should have doubled.  These shoes were worth the $20 more than what my normal running shoes cost now.  They fit comfortably and are great on the feet when combined with some impact absorbing socks.", "I like the look of these sneakers. They are comfortable and stylish. But I've noticed that my right shoe squeaks like its been wet, dried and bubble wrap inserted. They're noisy but stylish.", "These are great shoes....they look great and the price here on amazon can't be beat!", "Momma is happy because daughter is happy.  She hasbeen wanting a pair of these sneakers and she justloves them.  They look great on her too!  The dealerwe purchased from was awesome as well. Thanks for All!!", "Way to small I hat it from the beginning, the description in the website is for shoes not a back pack", "item described is not what you get. i received a girls gym sack w/ a $18 price tag. i was under the impression i was getting jordan collezione 22/1 size 13 at a deep discount, %90 off. wishful thinking, i guess. so now i've paid $24 for an $18 item. apparently i'm paying %30 more instead of %90 less.", "Definitely does not look like something valued at $310.00. What is listed is basketball shoes. A dude is in the picture, and the title says basketball shoes . Asks size and all. Briefly mentions a bag. When you flip to the other ad that is attached you see Niki air Jordans....Nice ones. They sent me a backpack instead of shoes saying they didn't have them. This bag has nothing to do with basketball. It's for running and Nike, of course.", "Please trust me on this!I own a pair of Nike Air Stab \"Gemini\"- which are metallic silver with bright orange and yellow trim. But the color of the shoes is the least important thing to me.I work in a factory. 12 hours night shifts. I have tried so many shoes its pathetic. Adidas- which I love - but dont have enough support. New Balance...which are the absolute WORST! I have flat feet so walking and standing on them for 12 hours a night is rough.  I have had foot problems like mad. I even have some nerve damage in a few of my toes from wearing the WRONG kind of shoes. But... I saw these shoes (Air Stabs) at a local store and I thought they looked cool but wasnt sure if I could wear them to work. I didnt want to go through the pain AGAIN. But (!) I have had these for about 8 months so far and NO foot pain.  Except for the usual tired feeling which is normal after the work I do. I am amazed with these. So cushioned and flexible. Just the perfect support. Nike created the perfect \"Air\" shoes with these! Much emphasis on the word \"AIR\". You can actually feel it!WELL worth every penny. You will not regret it. ...and they look so cool too!", "When they arrived they looked even better than I thought. They are very comfy, feat true to size and look very stylish.", "These boots were very cute, and very nice quality.  I had trouble with the sizing.  I normally wear a 6 in Nike (a 5 1/2) in other shoes, but everyone kept saying that these run small, especially in the calves.  I am very athletic, so I decided to get them in a 7 instead of the 6 (they only run in whole sizes).  The seven was a little big in my foot, but with a thick sock I probably would have been okay.  The calf was still too small.  These would have been great, but if you have larger calves, you will want to try them on in the store first, in order to skip the hassle of sending them back.", "These boots are very warm and keep your feet dry.  Living in DC, where there were 3 blizzards (so far) these helped me get through drifts and slush.The only drawbacks for me are that I have plantar fasciitis and the soles are not stiff enough to provide any arch support.  I also have big calves and could not tuck jeans into the boots.  I misjudged the picture, thinking the soles were stiff and thick.These are very, very comfortable and I may try orthotics for support, but I don't want to take away from the warmth of the faux fur lining.  I get many compliments when I wear these and they are different from the Ugg-esque boots you see every where.", "It fits perfect. Very comfortable shoes. I recommend its use for trail running and also in any synthetic field sport.", "I loved the look of them but the sizing was a bit wrong for me. Any way, sneaker are not ugly because was stalled after couple of visits to reliable downtown GYM...", "I haven't tried the shoe on yet. I have 2 fractured toes, but i was EXTREMELY impressed with Kicks&#34; certification of authenticity. I loved & appreciated that very much", "my feet size fits 11 to 12 inches but for some reason the 11 on these don't seem to fit me because of the heavy padding around the ankle areas. I would suggest if your feet size it 11 get something like a 12 it will fit well.", "The Customer service and delivery was great. BUT I ordered this and the right off the bat, it appeared to look too fake, the material look plasticized as well.the fit looked like a swollen ballon.I had to re-sell it. Bf never wore it, shared the same sentiments and regrets.", "My grandson  just love his new nike Air Force Max. The quality  of this sneaker is outstanding and should last for quite some time.", "Wish they still made this shoe.  I love Nike Air Pegasus and have been wearing them for years.  great shoe,", "My husband ruptured his Achilles tendon and injured his ankle over a year ago... He loves these shoes! They allow his foot and ankle to have more freedom and flexibility. He wears them everywhere. Best money ever spent.", "I have been wearing Nike Free Runs for about 5 years.  I am a huge fan, and buy around 2 pairs per year.  Easily the most comfortable sneaker I have ever worn.", "Not quite the color I expected. It was labeled gray with crimson. It came in gray with coral colored soles. Totally not what I was expecting. I had to go to the store and buy some other nikes for my run test. I was looking forward to these shoes but was disappointed. My wife was happy though. She needed new shoes that don't hurt her feet. Luckily they fit well. Since the worked for her she has them now.", "My son loves these.  They fit pretty true to his shoe size.  Fashionable and good quality product. And he's a teenager so hard to please.", "The shoes were smaller than normal. I wear a 10.5  and theses felt like they were a size 10. I recommed that if someone orders these they want to order 1 half size bigger.", "I own another pair of those shoes and ordered this shoes in the similar size. Unfortunately are those new ones a bit too large.Shipping was very quick, quicker than expected and announced.", "I am an ultra runner who runs over 500 miles a month. I run barefoot style and have been using the Nike free line for over 4 years and have tried all the models. I like them all but the run 2, which feels like a slipper, is my favorite. They are also the longest lasting shoe I have ever owned which is important to me. If you can find a shield version they last even longer. Great Shoe!", "I've owned several pairs of Nike Free and really like these shoes as well. However, these seem to fit a little wider than the other Frees I've owned.", "Fits as expected. Is comfortable. Feels exactly as my Nike SFB combat boots feel. With a major stipulation :Color is not as described or portrayed on images. The parts which are supposed to be crimson are in fact a bright, highlighter type of pink. I cannot return in exchange or refund to purchase another color for I am a US service member deployed overseas, that was in need of new running shoes.", "I ordered 9.5 but I received 9 !! I am not happy !! And I don't have time to deal with this situation bcz I am working !! That's why I buy online !!", "The fit is exactly what I would expect for size 10.  I normally do not like slip on style shoes, but these are easy to get on and off and are very comfortable to walk or run in.", "Totally perfect. Wide and comfortable! I've had several pairs of nike frees simar to this and these are by far and away the best one I have found!", "Really great shoe, fits great and looks amazing. Exactly as it was described. Great price for such a quality shoe.Thanks again!", "I got these for my boyfriend because we have all sorts of fun with sneakers and socks and stuff. Almost like a fetish type thing. But no in all seriousness some days they look green some days they look yellow.  IN any case he really loves them and that makes me happy", "the color of the shoe in the pic was nothing like it was when it arrived at my house. rilly pissed", "Also the bright orange shoe laces have to go.  Fit is great, and they are super comfortable. Like someone else mentioned there is no spot under either liner for the Nike+ sensor.  I will keep them since I own a small thing that attaches the sensor to the shoe laces.  I bought direct from Nike with no issues.  The price was right since they were on sale at Nike and included free shipping.  If I would of bought direct from Amazon I would of kept them anyways, as Amazons price is close to what they are direct from Nike.  And with Prime free shipping also.", "I'm pretty satisfied, perhaps the other commenter made a mistake because I got the exact color I ordered (dark grey). I've done my best to make sure they're authentic because of the low price and I'm convinced they are. Very comfortable, no need to break them in. Didn't come with extra laces but they did come with a 5 hour energy. I believe I ordered them last Wednesday or so and they arrived before I expected them to so that was a plus. I have nothing to complain about and that's a first. I will be back if I notice anything else.", "We don't get a lot of snow and ice in Texas, but when we do I am glad I have these!", "the shoes look greata little different from the pic actuallybut i like them a lotnot as confortable as air shoes but ok", "Not sure if it's the suede or what, but theses sneakers grew too much once broken in. They are decent, but wouldn't call them 'boots'. More like hightop sneakers.", "best shoes on the market.worth the $75,ooo!!!!!!! I cant bieleve they didnt come out with these sooner its a shame.. i cant even feel the bunions on my toes.. 10 out of 10", "Love the fit and feel.  Typical Nike sizing fit as ordered.  I bought two pairs and prefer the lighter rust over the darker brown for scratches.", "great shoe great price fit s like nike should they go great with just about any thing I wear very comfotable", "I bought these boots based on reviews I had read online and have to say, everyone was right! They are so comfortable and fit you as if you are wearing your running shoes (i'm a big Nike Shox fan so all my running shoes are Nike Shox based).  They protect your ankles and in cold, wet weather, keep your feet dry and warm.  I plan on getting these in several colors as no other boot compares for quality and price.  They are lightweight boots too which is an added advantage!", "Working law enforcement job its hard to find good boots the last and are comfortable.  These are the ones for me. Been using ACGs for over 8yrs, and im only on my 2nd pair. Shopped around and these were the best price that offered free shipping as well. Plus they had my size 4.5.  I was skeptical at 1st reading the reviews but i must say I was pleased with the seller and would purchase again sometime soon just to have an extra pair. Fast free shipping and the boots were as stated.  Thanks", "i purchased these boots for my son on amazon well worth it i recommend these boots for the price.loving it", "It takes awhile to break them in.. be prepared for that. Once that is done they are very comfortable. Very happy with them", "Nike Air Max Goadome (GS) ACG Big Kids Boots 311567-001 Black 3.5 M US fits perfect, its strong and nice,", "I use these sneaks for training in the gym. They're comfortable and sturdy...they also look great. They are flashier than then picture would suggest. The grey material side and top of the sneaks is shiny and resists stains and wear. They are also weigh very little. I am not always a fan of Nike but these sneaks are a home run.", "These shoes are pretty nice for girls.  The picture doesn't shoe but the tongue has a little bedazzle on it.  I didn't see it in the pictures but was pleasantly surprised.  My daughter likes them a lot and uses them in middle school basketball.  She complained after the first wear because the back is a little high....but now since she has broken them in she loves them.", "Shoe is very nice. They are comfortable. I can not see where the shox make a difference. For 158.00, my husband was upset that it took over a week to get to us. I read the ratings on this 3rd party store and I guess I should have listened to the other people who comment on the long shipping time. Maybe they aren't in a hurry to ship your things. We Ordered them Aug 6 and got them on the 17th. If you are in a hurry, don't get your stuff here.When he got them on and laced, he had me take a photo. He might write to NIKE. he has very narrow feet. When he laced e'm up, there was not enough lace left to tie a bow. Well a 1 inch bow was tied from end to end. It looks really silly. Surely not a mistake, they match the shoe. Other than that, they look sharp. The colors are not too wild. Walking around with a teeny tiny bow tied looks so funny. I know he does not want to look for a cheap aftermarket lace. I hope that they don't just put any lace on the shoes. Surely ours was not right, not typical of NIKE. Nike  is always a great product for us.", "This is supposed to be a running shoe, can't even stand in this shoe for more than an hour. HATE IT!!!!", "superbly comfortable and long lasting running shoe that is attractively priced , will gladly repurchase shoes and share info with others", "This shoe like all other Nike purchases stand the test of my 13 year old son. Unfortunately while he has now moved into a size 12, this shoe seems a slightly smaller or more snug fir than the others. I suggest buying at least a half size bigger to ensure that you can get the utmost out of these trainers. Comfort and durability are to be expected and Nike does not fail to deliver", "I am a letter carrier and my feet require shoes that offer great support and durability!  I was hesitant to spend the money but ended up buying a second pair in white for my at home use!", "The shoe that I received was this one it was the completely black on black one. I'm not sure as to why I didn't receive the shoe that is posted on this pic. Apart from that everything else was fine with the shoe", "I ordered these shoes last week. Got them. They are great all my friends give me compliments. The only thing is that I ordered 2 day shipping and got them in a weeek. Other than that great shoes", "Hi, i`m very pleased with my purchase because the time you take for send them to me and the facilities to buy on the page, also the variety of stuff you offer.", "I think the shoes I got from this place were fakes, I had the originals when they came out, if they were made cheaper than the others, just the feel of them, they did look cool.", "They fit well play basketball in them and had them on a black gold party they give me height and that y I have it a 3 star", "I love these shoes. Very comfy and supportive. They are a little warm, but to be expected. Would buy again.", "I loved the shoe. However, they are a half size to small. I have to wear them with thin socks. I guess they run small.", "I bought these as a christmas gift for my husband.  They fit perfectly and he was very pleased with the color and quality.  The colors are extremely bright in person!", "ok i got these from foot locker for 145 so amazon is a ripoff on this item just go get them i got mine same color everything love them the insides are so nice i coucl sleep in them so nice... BUY THEM AT FOOTLOCKER 145$ SAME EXACT THING I GOT DERBY VER SAME COLORS AS IN PICTURE", "Love the colors get a lot of compliments on them. But do run small might want to get a half size bigger, I wore them twice and was ready to take them off before the night was over both times.", "These shoes are amazing! They fit true to size. I am a size 13 in most Jordan's and a size 12 in Griffey 1s. These shoes fit perfectly and are so comfortable! Easily an eye popping shoe! I would easily recommend them to anyone!", "Ken Griffey Jr. was probably baseball's best player for most of the '90s and this Mariners color scheme made me remember those days. I love these sneakers as they provide great ankle support (velcro closure after you tie the laces) and look good too.", "I Love my Nike Air Griffey Max. These shoes are my school colors and I play Baseket Ball. Black and Gold is a unIque color for sneakers and I'm Lovin the comfort of these shoes. Nike shoes are very supportive and comfortable while playing basketball and practicing for long periods of time. I've only had my new shoes for a few weeks and the minute I put them on and begin playing ball the comfort was there. My feet feel great wearing these shoes. I prefer Nike shoes over Reebok or other name brand shoes. My experience with purchasing thur Amazon was simply amazing, my product comes on time and I never need to worry if I'm not home because there services are great, product is held at post office if no one is home to receive package. Thanks Amazon and Nike, maybe one day I can be a All Star Athletic.", "I bought this as a gift for my bf for our anniversary because he's been raving about it, and I can't wait to give it to him! They're gorgeous!", "It cool the shoes and l like the nike air Griffey max 1 and cool and look nice and good look", "Love my kicks wish I had purchase two pair! These are the best kicks of the year! Glad I purchase a size bigger bc they fit perfect!", "Product arrived on time/ fit perfect and looks awesome/ recieved def. interest on the shoes as well so im super happy", "I very thought I would purchase as pair of baskeball shoes over $100 but I did.  My daughter loves them.", "Perfect fit because I went up a size since I owned a pair and realized that they run a little small.", "this was a great choice to buy these shoes they fit and look every well with my clothes buy it", "So there is no doubt that these are authentic shoes but they are B Grades. Or at least the pair i received was. if you dont know what a B grade is it is a shoe that was made by nike but in the factory when they made it it was not perfect. There was one little flaw. instead of tossing the pair nike finds somewhere to sell it besides one of there stores such as this amazon seller. The shoes fit fine there are no flaws to prove that they are replicas (fakes) but there is a clear flaw that is just a factory mistake by nike. I would post a picture if i could and you would see what i mean. When the shoes are on your feet and you look down at them right where the tip of the nike swoosh is (side closest to the toe of the shoe) there is a kind of curve in the charcol part that follows the curv. on one shoe the curv is perfect and pointed at the end like the nike swoosh but on the other shoe it is rounded and dosent have that same point. it is just a clear poor mistake by nike because if they were replicas these would be the best replicas ever made. Besides that they are some cool kicks but i wouldnt pay the full price for them if they are B grades. I would suggest buying them elsewhere. I am the only one who notices it but i feel like i was cheated of some of the money i spent on them. there very comfortable and i will still wear them till they wear out. you could still buy them but fully inspect the shoe before wearing them because once u wear them u are stuck with them they can not be refunded.", "Griffey's run a little small so I recommend getting a half size bigger but I love the shoes. Great support and great appearance.", "I didn't know what to expect at first but once I got the shoes,  I was super impressed. THe shoes got there quicker than I expected and I am overseas. The shoes fit great. I will buy from the seller again. I usually don't do reviews but I was definately excited when I received these shoes being that I've wanted them for so long.", "The shoes look amazing. Just oddly the left foot fits great, but the right foot was tight. Never had that issue with any other shoes, so I believe one is just off. But the one that fits feels good.", "This Nike Air Griffey are wonderful, confortable and durable. When you wear this kind of shoes very men's have something to said firstable they are beautiful in the blue and light green", "The design is great, but the quality looks terrible; plus, I did not understand why this size 12 would not fit me while other twelve do. The yellow color seems to drip over the borders of the sides of the shoes (unacceptable!!). The seller is horrible; added insult to my injury with his poor customer service (sneakers4you). Do NOT buy from this seller!", "tnk fits gooooooooooooooooooooooood", "I really love the sneakers it fitted just right and was what i expected thanks again and i will be shopping for more very soon.", "Love these shoes, even better looking in person", "the shoe itself was great buy, but the white base of shoe came with a yellowish color now that was a disappointment.", "Just as described... I really love my new shoes.  I had been looking for these shoes for ever and I am glad I found them here!", "They said shoes had a little discoloration on them so i asked for a refund and then the computers magically shut down four or five times and I started  being hung up on a few times And then I said screw just send me the dang shoes I have no time for this bs but I did receive a $ 20.00 dollar discount. I WILL NOT ORDER FROM THEM AGAIN..", "I love them shoes its worth tha money dnt cheat your self treat your self... everybody else like them to...", "After reading reviews, I purchased this shoe for Zumba.  The fit of the shoe is great, but the support is poor. My Zumba classes tend to be more active (lot's of jumping), than the typical zumba moves. I find that the ball's of my feet hurt wearing these shoes. They hurt so much, I've stopped wearing them and went back to my nike airmax shoes (offer's more support).All in all, since I've invested in the shoes, I will try break them in more, due to the leather being stiff.", "the edge is a little stiff so it rubs at first but then it wears in. The toe box is wider then expected which is quite comfortable. I did hear the shoe is being discontinued?", "I wanted nike dance shoes, but also something I can wear every day, and that's what I got. I recommend it", "This makes the third pair of these that I own. I wear them to work at the hospital. they are light weight, comfortable, and fashionable.", "I bought the same pair in white at the Nike store and was very pleased with the quality and fit. The pair I bought on line was obviously brand new, but the leather was not as soft or as high quality (almost like plastic rather than leather). The fit is the same, but the comfort is not as good. Still, since I could not find these in stores I'm glad I got them.", "Working as a personal trainer I like my shoes to be extremely lightweight, flexible, low profile and look good! The best I ever had was from OTOMIX, back in the days of 80's bodybuilding, these were the shoe! Since they closed down, nothing has come close...until these! awesome, I LOVE THEM! Only thing is that these shoes dont really allow the feet to breathe, making your feet very moist, sweaty, and sometimes smelly. i hate wearing socks, and these shoes feel perfect and comfortable. Socks make my feet too hot and too confined, and my feet get sweaty even with cotton socks, so they are useless to me. I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND THESE SHOES!", "The Musique IV is a great Zumba shoe for narrow feet.  My feet are a average to wide size, so I will keep on looking...", "Good item, shoes hold up very well! Feet get some what heated but over all they can take the walks and jogs as well as training classes. I am not a thin type of woman, i have a good amount of curves size 14 to 16 pants to say the least. They work your butt off, i love these shoes. 5 mile walks it can hold up!!!", "These are perfect for Zumba!! I am thrilled with this purchase!! I would recommend this shoe to anyone.  Great shoe.", "I have been a Zumba instructor for 3 years. I have yet to find a pair of shoes better suited for me than these.  They are comfortable, form fitting, and best of all durable, not flimsey like so many other dance (zumba) shoes I have tried.  Im on my 3rd pair of black and I highly recommend them !", "These are great shoes.  I use them for Zumba.  I have narrow feet and these have a nice fit and are very comfortable. The seller shipped them very quickly and I am very happy with them!Nike Women's Musique IV Dance Shoes", "Got these for my daughter and she loves them.  She is on her feet all day long in her job, and these give her good support.", "I bought these for the classes I take at the gym. I tried on many different types and a sporting goods store and size 7 was always a little small...bought these in a 7 1/2 and i think they are too big.", "I have previously bought these shoes before so I knew exactly what I was getting.  DSW was out of size 10 so I had to buy these for $20.00 more from this seller.  The mark up sucks but I guess that's supply and demand for you", "I literally took these out of the box and did a Zumba class with them and was very comfortable.  They are very well constructed and attractive looking.", "I expected these shoes to be in a soft leather as I had a similar pair from Nike from 2 years ago. Instead these are a hard non breathable plastic like shoe. I'm very disappointed. Nike would have had a customer for life if they had not changed the material of the shoe.", "These shoes are perfect for Zumba. I would love them more if they were not made in China.  Darn it!", "So far I have worn these shoes to 5 Zumba classes and they are GREAT!  I had been wearing Nike cross trainers and noticed that my feet would sometimes slide while doing certain steps.  My feet stay in place.  These shoes are very comfortable, they run a little big.  Buying these in a 1/2 size smaller wouldn't be a bad idea.  I have very narrow feet with a high arch.  These shoes are perfect.", "I was going to return it before I try it. Once putting on, it looks amazing(I seldom wear sports shoes, but this one is really good-looking). The shoes are made of good material and it is really comfortable when jumping and moving. I am happy to get it.", "I work at a hospital and these are great and give me the support I need for a long day", "Fit is small so order one-half to one full size larger.  Design more suitable for narrow foot.  Unable to wear since shoe lacks Achilles heel notch.", "These shoes are alright. I do Zumba every day (twice a day 1 to 2 times a week) and needed a replacement for my Capezio dance sneakers (which only lasted about 3 months before getting holes on the sides). I wanted dance shoes that supported my arches because I am not a traditional dancer with strong arches. These shoes definitely give me that support, but they do not pivot and turn smoothly. Given the fact that I go to different places and my Capezio's had no issue, I can say it is NOT the floor. I have been using them everyday for nearly two weeks now. They were a little rough to break in as well. Dance shoes should not be this stiff. I have been able to make them work because I know what I am doing, but someone new to a dance workout like Zumba might have a hard time if they are expecting this shoes to truly be dance shoes and may hurt themselves on a pivots or turns. I'll wear them out, but I would not purchase them again.UPDATEYeah. I can't even wear these out. I can't even do a proper cumbia step in them. These cannot be used for Zumba and I truly wonder what kind of 'Zumba' people are claiming to be able to do in these shoes. I really tried to make them work, but they have taken a toll on my knees. Every time I go to turn, I forget that I need to be careful in these shoes.  Not worth it for Zumba at all.", "Low on my list of 5. Hard, bulky and not a great spin. At least on my hardwood living room floor.", "I love these shoes for Zumba! It took me two years jumping and twirling-or attempting to- in tennis shoes for me to finally decide to buy some suitable shoes for dance. I checked others reviews before making my decision. Besides getting great reviews; these shoes were reasonably priced.", "I bought two pairs of Nike Musique - black and grey and I LOVE THEM!! I am a Jazzercise instructor and do cardio as well as strength training.. these shoes work great for both! I have narrow feet and these are the best pair of shoes out there!!", "I have a narrow foot, so traditional nursing shoes / clogs don't work for me. These, however, are fantastic! The leather is easy to wipe down, they have fantastic arch support (I need it), and after 12 hours my feet aren't screaming like so many others'. I can't attest to how they are for dancing other than random outbursts in the hallway, but they feel great on my knees while still being slip-resistant enough to be safe.My only complaint is that the white/white are hard to clean so that they stay white. They look super cool when they are brand new, but because of the plastic / leather combo there's no way that they will stay that way. If this bothers you, get another color. I'll be getting the black next. :)", "Allows for easier spinning on the balls of the feet and lateral movment. True to size, but is a little tight in the toes.Four stars because there isn't much arch support, but I fixed that with foam arch support inserts.Overall a much better option than doing Zumba with running shoes.", "I like these shoes however they are a little too narrow for my feet but I do have kinda a wide foot. They are nice and light though i dont think i could dance in them. I give them a 4 star.", "Great pair of Nike boots that you will not find anywhere else.  Comfortable, waterproof, warm and very stylish.  My fiance has worn them many times and always receives compliments.", "I purchased this for my mother as a gift.  She liked them so much that she went to the website and purchased the same pair for someone else.  Great service, and I'd buy from the company again without hesitation.", "Bought this shoe for Zumba.  Bought a size 9, to make extra room for my 8 1/2 wide feet.  Shoe seemed very long and narrow, but it fit okay enough for Zumba.  Will use it, but I will continue to look for shoes that better fit my wide feet.", "I love these shoes and I've gotten a TON of compliments on them. They were purchased to wear to my cheerleading-aerobic dance class (Cheerobix) and they work really well and give me a lot of support where my other shoes were lacking. I've worn them a few times and I imagine once they are more broken in, they won't bother my ankle-bone any more (there is a bit of rubbing, but not enough to deter me from wearing them). I wear a 10 and have wide feet, and the 10 fits great. If you are thinking about buying them, I give these shoes two thumbs up! They are cute, a great price, and they do the job!", "This shoe is great for zumba especially if you have a narrow foot.  The circular tread allows for easy turns on both carpet and hard floors.  All leather body and leather side stripping provide great support.  They may be a little heavier than the newer mesh shoes but worth the support and long wear that you get in return.  They may also seem a little stiff at first but once the leather has been broken in they feel flexible and have the  right amount of cushioning in the soles. This is my second pair and I highly recommend them.", "Feels great when doing Zumba.  Hugs my feet nicely but not too tight.  I feel as though I have great stability while dancing. Love these shoes!!", "I love these!  I wore athletic/ running shoes for zumba for 2 years before buying these.  I had to use those slip-on glider things to help me do the turns more smoothly, but with these, I don't have to. They fit great, even though my feet are wide.  They are comfortable, and they provide the support I need while dancing!", "These shoes are a little tight in the width but I think with some time and wear they will stretch out to fit just fine. Otherwise they are extremely comfortable and light.", "I was feeling pain in my knees after starting a zumba class until I bought these, no more pain, and I read the reviews and am thankful because I have a narrow foot so knew these would be a great fit!!", "I am ready to purchase my second pair of these Nike Musique IV's for Zumba ~ along with other cardio classes.  They are lightweight, they pivot great, they've lasted a long long time.  I'm hard on shoes and also need quality support for some old ankle injuries.  These have held up impressively through six days a week of class (and errand) wear. (for about a year!)  There is plenty of space for my toes even with my thick Thorlo socks.  Sometimes I wear an 8 or a 7.5 (Merrell's) - an \"8\" fits my foot perfectly.  I am very very happy with these!", "I usually wear a size 10 in sneakers and have plenty of room with problem feet.  These sneakers were way too tight.  I sent them back.  I have ordered a size larger in the hopes that will help.  We will see when I get them how they fit.", "I used to wear my Nike running shoes until I bought this. First day of use and I could already feel the difference. My knees and ankles didn't hurt anymore when I do certain moves, especially going on tiptoes. I made it a point to order a half size bigger from previous experience with Nike shoes and they fit perfectly.", "I like how Nike has all these sizes and they fit just right. Can't wait to use it for dance class", "i got these sneakers and had to give them to my daughter. I got the eight and a half on recommendation of some of the reviewers and they really are too big. So i found eights elsewhere and got two pair since i use them for zumba and they are absolutely perfect for dancing! I love how they cup my heel and arch and how great they feel on my feet. They are very supportive, I have a hard time saving them for indoor use, I dont want to use them for outside activities, because i dont want to wear them out............ When you find something that works for you, like these sneakers do, you need to get two pair, saving one for later, because i know from experience, when I love something, Ill never be able to find it again when the first one wears out.If you dance indoors, like zumba or even jazz, try these sneakers, you will not be sorry, they have a little spot for turning and dont stick your foot on t floor and are easy on your knees........well, they are also easy on your feet in general. This is coming from a 69 yr old dancer with feet and knee problems! My recommendation is to get your true size in these.", "thanks. the shoes are pretty and my girlfriend is to like. le gusto los zapatos a mi novia. graciAS. NO TENGO MAS COMENTARIOS AL RESPECTO", "These are very comfortable shoes for Zumba!  Just enough slide when I need it.  My feet tend to be wide but there are no problems there AND my orthotic (shoe insert) fits in nicely, since I ordered a 1/2 size larger.", "I bought these a 1/2 size larger because I have a wide foot. Normally I wear a 7 however, my toe almost reaches the front sothey do run a little small, especially if adding socks etc. Comfortable on first wearing and work-out. I would recommendthis product.", "I got to Zumba twice a week and ordered these a year and a half ago. Well, they finally needed replacing so I thought I'd try a different shoe. The other shoes hurt my feet and it made me realize how great these are for me. I have wide flat feet without arches and these give me enough support throughout my foot. I feel supported and my feet don't hurt after zumba. In my other shoes, that wasn't the case. I recommend these.", "I bought these shoes because my other Nikes were killing my knees in Zumba class. Since I've been using them, I haven't complained of any knee pain (I actually didn't notice I haven't had to pull out the Icyhot until I wrote that). Sometimes my arches still do ache, but it's minimal and wears off much quicker than when I wore my Free Run 5.0s. I'm a 7.5 in virtually all shoes and got a 7.5 in these, but they are a smidgen too large. The 7.5 in my Free Runs is a perfect fit. I know that goes against most of the reviews who said to order a size up, but things just work that way I guess. Try them out! You will not be disappointed.", "I started Zumba a year ago and the first few times I wore regular sneakers, my ankles really hurt. So I saw these online and ordered...they are wonderful! The ankle problem no longer an issue upon first wear! They are light and comfortable and slide easy, too! I would totally recommend these for Zumba!", "I really tried to like these shoes, but they hurt my feet terribly when I did Zumba in them!  I gave it a good effort to try to &#34;break them in,&#34; however, they are just not flexible and do not allow your feet to breathe. After only one or two songs, my feet were killing me! I finally kicked them off in my last Zumba class and went barefoot, which was definitely more preferable than wearing these shoes.  I'm so disappointed in them because I had seen good reviews of them for Zumba. These shoes are pricey are definitely NOT WORTH IT!!!", "Purchased for my wife who is at the gym 6-Days a weeks and goes through gym shoes quickly.  She also has a wide foot.Had trouble finding this show stocked locally in her size.  This retailer not only had her size, but a good price and great customer service.", "I brought these shoes for my husband for Christmas and he really likes them. They are comfortable and look good also.", "it's nive and comfi but of course all white shoes can get dirty so easy", "Cool show they are nice and love the color's very comfortable shoes to wear. I like them alot. Total freak for them.", "the design is very nice, but the quality is very poor. At second day I used it to play basket a part of the sole was detachment", "I love my new shoes! I'm a commuter in Chicago, so I typically walk about a mile a day between the train station and my job. These shoes provide the perfect support for my daily walking commute and also my jogs on the days I actually get the time to get outside.The sizing is as I expected. I typically take between an 8 and 8 1/2, depending on the brand of shoe, and I know you should order a 1/2 size up to allow for swelling of the feet while exercising. I ordered an 8 1/2 and they fit perfectly.Also, almost the best part, is that I got them for $20-$40 cheaper than most other websites I looked at online! Can't beat that!I highly recommend these shoes!", "The shoes were as advertised and the length was fine.  The only thing I have a problem with is the arch support on the left shoe is not glued down and it pushes up on the inside of my foot and it hurts.", "Did not like the sneakers. Were told they had a little yellowing on the trim due to be and out dated discontinued pair of sneakers. But when I got them home they were very noticeable yellowing. More then I expected. Would be very noticeable wearing them. And for 99$ to much yellowing for the money. Sent them back for a refund.", "I wear these shoes for 12 hour shifts with lots of walking.  I love them and highly recommend them.  This is my second pair and I will purchase a third when needed.", "I have never purchased on line before except books and I have to say that the experience was very easy.  Except for the shipping which I could not figure out how to do cheaper it was an excellent experience.", "I bought these shoes because I love to work out. However, I found that they are not a good running shoe. They give me terrible shin splints but they are good for any other use.", "I'm a t-shoe freak (at 70 yrs!). My total is 27 that I actually wear.  I first saw this model on eBay and I loved the color combo but the seller had nothing close to my size.  9 is a perfect and they're like wearing slippers.  I have gotten lots of comments on them not only because of the color but also \"the look\" they have.  the outer skin is actually made of rubber so they won't show the wear.  That's a big plus with me.", "Super comfortable, best running shoes i have purchased so far, get lots of compliments on the fading of the black and white", "I have worn size 6 shoes all my adult life without a problem, about 30 years. So when I put these on and felt they were a tight fit, it never occurred to me that they might be too small, and I choked it up to new shoes needing to be broken in. After two days however, my toes started hurting and it was then when I compared these to the old Reebok sneakers that had been replaced and found out this pair was about a quarter inch smaller. Thinking that Nike shoes come smaller, I reluctantly went to a brick-and-mortar Nike outlet and bought another pair after trying them on. A different model, but still a size 6. I compared the two pairs of Nike and this one was still a quarter inch smaller.", "Sizing too small! I would say get a size bigger or a size and a half bigger.  I had to stretch them out with stuffing them with 5 hand towels in each shoe. I love the look and color of the shoes. I hated all those neon colors. This was a much better choice. SADLY just too small...", "These are the most comfortable running shoes that I have ever worn!  Right out of the box, I wore them immediately on the treadmill without walking around in them to &#34;break them in&#34;, and I have worn them ever since.  However, please note-I do my running inside on a treadmill, which was why I bought them to begin with.  I never intended these shoes for running outdoors, and judging by their material, I don't think that they are really meant to be used outdoors (or in inclement weather like rain or snow or even on a really cold day), but what do I know?  If possible, I would like to hear from others who have worn these outdoors and I'd like to know what they think (even if they are wearing a more recent version like Free Run 4 or 5, which I assume is made from better materials).  Also, I'm wearing these with inserts from Dr. Scholl's (&#34;Active Sport&#34;), and it is working out fine.  I JUST LOVE THESE SHOES!  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.", "I have small narrow feet, and Nike usually is a good fit. I have several pairs. I must say I fell in LOVE with these shoes the second I saw them. They are beautiful. But they are not comfortable to run in. The toe area is very stiff and there is no padding. I wouldn't even saw they are comfy to walk in. I run about 6 miles when I go out, but after about 3 I had to stop because my feet hurt. The shoes fit true to size. I got handfuls of compliments at the gym. I just wish they were more comfy.Because I ran in them I choose to keep them. I just added some inserts and adjusted the laces. I won't be running in them, but I can't part with them because they are so pretty.", "I love these shoes, they are perfect. Very comfy especially since I'm on my feet all day at work. It's wierd that they don't have a tongue but it only makes them fit better.", "my wife love it", "The color is perfect and they are very comfortable to exercise in. I would recommend these to another customer for sure.", "This shoe is great.  I have a hard time finding shoes that I feel really comfortable in, but I could go all day in these and my feet feel great.  I will never have another every day sneaker again.  Also works well for running, walking, hiking, and cross training.", "I had to send them back because size 9 was way too small for my foot. The design and colors and the lightweightness of the shoe seemed great. What I didn't like was that there was no loose tongue. It was integrated into the shoe, therefore the tightness on top of my foot couldn't be loosened.", "They fit alittle tight. I can't wear them with socks or they won't fit. But other than that they're light and great for running.", "This shoe is true to size. i ordered a 7.5 and fits very well. It may be tight while putting it on because the tongue is not detached from the shoe, but once I have it on it fits perfectly. Make sure you wear thin socks otherwise it will be tight. the pink color is very nice, but the other color came darker compared to the one posted online- it's black and not dark gray as I have perceived it. It is very lightweight. So aside from the color, i am very satisfied with how it fits and feels on my foot.", "After you break them in, it feels great and comfortable. I got these because I needed some athletic shoes since I love to play sports. However, the front of it seems to wear off quite quickly. I've worn it nearly everyday for a few weeks, did a lot of activities and a few days of volleyball and tennis. I also feel (as another customer stated previously) that this may be a knockoff of the real Nike Free Run 2. I checked the real Nike site of this same shoe and they have white shoelaces and it looks slightly different than this shoe sold here.. Otherwise, these are still good & comfortable shoes. Maybe not worth around $100. Possibly cheaper someplace else.", "These shoes fit me perfectly. My feet are size 6.5. It was the smartest choice getting these shoes because I love how it looks and feels. They're very comfortable, gives good support and molds with my feet. I sprain my ankle a lot but I haven't had any issues since I got these.", "I am in love with these shoes. They have a really nice arch in them, and fit my feet perfectly. These shoes shipped out the day after I ordered them and recieved them a day earlier than expected. Perfect for running, sprinting, or walking! Oh, and for other future buyers, in the pictures these shoes dont look like mesh black covering because its wool! Another awesome feature!", "They are a little smaller than I expected, but with one wearing have stretched just enough to fit perfectly (with thin socks)...These are &#34;slip ons&#34; and are really confy.", "This sneaker fits perfectly and has a great style.  Love the tie-dye sole.  Laces are white and I would've loved the tie-dye laces displayed on the image. They were tough to put on originally.  I needed a shoe horn to assist but now they go on without. Very comfortable with good support.", "It was a good shoe but it was the wrong size so we had to return it. Nothing wrong with the product at all", "It is a nice color but there was a defect at the heel of the sneaker, it hurts when I wear one of them.", "THE DYE IS WEARING OFF AND THEY LOOK AWFUL. MY DAUGHTER HAS TO FILL THE SPOTS BACK IN WITH A MAGIC MARKER.", "The shoes were a little tight and I didn't know about there being no tongue instead it's just an opening to slide your foot into. However, it is still a great shoe!", "These fit wonderfully and they are super comfortable. Great product. I can't wait to buy my next pair! Thank you!", "I wanted so much to love these shoes.  They are so cute.  But the back of the shoe sits too low on my heel.  Also there is very little support.  I tried replacing the soles with Sofsoles.  That helped but put the back of the shoe way too low on my heel.", "I like the shoes a lot, the fit is great - just like my old Nike's. The only thing I didn't pay attention to and therefore didn't expect was the one-piece-slip-on construction. I''m getting used to that though. Still a good shoe and I don't have to worry about the tongue slipping at all.", "The black is wearing off the toe and the soles. This Nike is alright. But I kind of wish I would've just gone to Nike and bought the ones I wanted.", "These were advertised as running shoes, however, I am not a runner. I wear them for walking and regular exercise at the gym. They are extremely comfortable.....I followed the suggestion and sized up a half size and the fit is perfect. Love, love, love(did I say it enough)these shoes.", "They are super comfortable but they do run a tad small, after you wear then out they feel better but until then they are a bit tight. If I could purchase them again I would buy them a 1/2 size bigger.", "This is a gift for my mom. She said it fits perfectly and feels light and so comfortable !!! Really recommend this if you have a foot problems ! The shoe also came Early as expected ! Over all its Perfect !! Thank you WebZon!!!  love it.", "Never give five stars but did in this instance.  Fit like a glove and wear well.  I can't tell I have then on until I take them off.", "I ordered these shoes for the purpose of using them as a running shoe.  I ordered them in the same size as my other pair of runnign shoes.  Well, needless to say these the Nike Free Run 2 runs a full size smaller. I have had to exchange them and am looking forward to actually trying them out.", "These shoes are snug. But they are only small for me I believe because I wear nike elite socks which add a lot of padding.", "Bought these for my mom. They run small by about 1/2 a size. She loves them though. She is on her feet all day and says she wants another pair they are so comfy.", "These are no where near as comfortable as my other pairs, I have the impression that these may possibly be a knock off brand or Nike changed the fabric or something.  I'm rather disappointed.", "Love these shoes!!! Awesome!!! Super comfortable, work great for work, I'm on my feet walking for over 12 hours.  I do nursing work and yoga so, these shoes make my feet happy.", "Great shoe.Bought a pair last year.I  where them for zumba class . Love them so much wore them out had to find same shoe .Had tough time finding until i look on Amazon.Thanks you Amazon . Made my biryhday.", "The sneaker is ok. I love it, but it took almost a month to get to me. Quite a long time. Also it tights my feet, despite the fact it was size nine. Apart from the delay, everything about it is fine.", "I really loved these shoes.  I used them for work however and they got ruined in the mud LOL!  Not recommended for outdoor working.  Great workout shoes.", "Nice comfortable. Thanks. My grandson thanks u too. He's running like the wind  he's not complaining his feet hurt either", "My son used these shoes for a long time, his foot grew but the shoes are in very good condition. I highly recommend this product to protect my child's ankle of several scratches when playing.", "Design 5/5Weight 4/5Responsiveness 5/5True to Size 5/5Comfortableness 5/5 (after my 3rd run I finally got that comfy worn in feeling)I love trail running! and these so far have been my favorite shoes. I took these through a trail run that included muddy hills, gravel, extremely uneven terrain, and shallow water....and I only slipped once and only because I stepped in a reeeeeally muddy spot that I should have known was a bad idea. They are pretty light and very comfortable respond well just about all terrain. I did some sprint training up hill on gravel and on a muddy heavily rooted incline and these performed above what I expected. If you want a good trail running or Hiking shoe definitely go for this one!", "Not a real sturdy shoe. Comfortable, yes. Doesn't offer much support in the toe area or for the arch. Starting to fall apart (sole delaminating at right ball area) after less then 25 miles of running.I am used to real trail shoes, I guess, and was definitely disappointed in this \"trail\" shoe. Really, it's just a light weight running shoe with \"trail\" tread design - the upper is not a trail shoe and provides minimal support and protection. It is considerably less expensive than other trail shoes I have used, but not worth the savings if it has inferior construction.", "It's been 2 weeks and the shoes are amazing. Very light weight and a great fit on my feet. However, it's the grip that I found surprising.  Great shoes!!", "love the shoes, recieved them for Christmas but usually wear 10.5 and I seem to need an 11, so beware they run a bit small.  Otherwise, love them!!", "These shoes came in within 3 days from when I ordered them and are exactly what I wanted.  They look awesome on my husband!", "I purchased the Sweet Classic all white Nike tennis shoe because they are my favorite style of shoe since the 80s.  I purposely purchased a name brand thinking it would last longer.  I basically just walk and do the typical yard work.  The left shoe split above the arch where the leather meets the rubber soul.  The outer leather layer split but there is an inner liner that did not split.  Very disappointed. Reebox and Addidas have similar styles.  I just purchased the Reebox version and will see how that goes.", "Got these for Hubby for Fathers Day, he loves them! He loves that the red stripe matches his Harley ;-)", "shoes fit perfect were shipped right away vender was easy to deal with price was great very very happy with purchase", "I received my white nikes and they were just as described. They were very comfortable and I enjoy walking in them.", "Thet fit true to size.  You dont get a much cleaner look then white on white sweet classics! Old school fresh.  Keeping them clean will be the challange.", "Since I bought this my husband has not gotten out of it. He says it's very comfortable, therefore it was a great buy", "very fast shipping, love the shoe fits good. they did start to crack around the arch and rubber but still like the shoe", "I got these shoes for the looks an comfort i luv them always wear them when i go out and i always get compliments about them thank u NIKE #1..", "Bought these for a nephews birthday. Shoe is nice, the look is very clean and fits very comfortably. Definately recommended.", "good business, got them just in time and they are the real thing will be doing business again real soon.", "They're classics so if you like to keep them clean and white and only wear them on occasion like me, then they squeek and rub, but that goes away if they're an every day choice. Very bright white!", "My husband wanted classic Nike's and I got these. He was very pleased they fit well and they were a reasonable price.", "These shoes are nice and comfortable they match well with any casual or sporty look. I would recommend these for purchase.", "very light, comfortable and appears to be durable too. a friend uses this shoe to dance salsa and hang around", "It fit's my husband's feet perfectly and he is very happy with them. They are comfortable and short break-in period.", "I've been wearing these for a month and not only do I love them, but the feeling is mutual.  Mind you it was a give and take in the beginning, we had to work out our differences, but they are so smooth it's all worth it.  It's a good relationship, we get compliments all the time.Our issues centered on 2 points, neither a deal breaker.  The first is that the leather across the toe will quickly develop slight creases; they won't stay perfect like you see in the picture.  Initially I thought I might send them back, but they did not get worse and really do not take away from the look of the shoe.  I don't even notice them now.The second issue has more to do with me than with the shoe, but the footbed is quite flat.  I had hoped it might fit more like a Nike athletic shoe which always feels good to my large arches, but these did not.  No worries, I purchasedSuperfeet Black Premium Insolesand baby, we were on our way.  Initially I tried cheap Dr. Scholls but they made it worse.  Superfeet are expensive, yes, but the end result was a shoe with the look I wanted and the feel I needed.  Maybe you won't need that though, which would be great for you.  You won't regret your purchase because these kicks sweet.", "should have read more feedback- arrived quickly just not the real thing I feel- soles VERY STIFF- ok just NOT impressed =(", "I really like these shoes. They fit well. They look great. The problem now is they make all my other clothes look s****y.", "I can't recommend this shoe with a clear conscience to anybody. I put them on my feet and walked around my house for a minute and that's all I needed to do to realize these weren't the shoes for me, and I've owed Nike's before, but none that has worn like these.", "Does anyone really care what I think about these shoes? I liked the color combo, I purchased them they fit.  End of story", "Very unconfortable shoes, I have blisters all the time wearig them.I liked the disain and the trade mark, but these are alfull. I wouldn&#8217;t recommend them to another person. Actually I regret that I  bought  them.", "Great deal for the money. As always Nike does not disappoint. These are good looking shoes that yes I do get compliments from.", "I like them, they are very comfortable shoes. I think Nike shoes are the best ones out there anyway. So when I order them I knew they would be some good shoes.", "My hubby LOVES these and wears them regularly. The wear well and the sizing is spot on. Would order these again.", "I was wearing this shoes as part of my white uniform.. 6 months every day and they stay in one piece..I am really sad for not able to find this model in white/white color any more..They are good fit and comfortable also stylish and good grip except when is wet surface..Where can I find them again..?", "Son loves them he wears them all the time came out of box perfect fit which was great for a young teen", "It's pretty good and fit and comfortable. A bit expensive though, but worthy. Shipment is also fast. I like it very much.", "Bought a pair of these 4 years ago, and that pair still holds together, after use and abuse at work. When I put these on, they were just as comfortable as my old ones. It's hard to find decent sneakers in this width and size, and I hope Nike continues to make them well into the future, because they are the most comfortable shoes I've had.", "Very good product. Confortable and durable. Is not as good as my other tennis for running (Mizuno), but for every-day, this nike is the very very best. :)", "I stand on my feet at least 8 hours a day, and with this shoe, my feet feel good, and they don't hurt.", "These are great sunglasses, especially if you are looking for a style that will fit a larger head.  They are very comfortable and the price was far less than you would pay at a retail outlet.", "I gave these to my mother as a gift and she loves them.She said they are as comfortable as they are beautiful!", "The shoes almost feel fake, there is hardly any padding in the shoe. After one game of 21 i had no skin on the top of my toes. Overall horrible for any type of activity", "My feet get really hot, and these are basically just mesh on top, so they are perfect for me.  Just right.", "I used these shoes for a bit...So far I like what I'm seeing...they feel light, have good traction, and look good as well.", "They always fit. Sizes are consistant. Great shoe; I play handball. they are very light and comfortable. I don't even know their on.", "I ordered these Air Force 1's expecting Obsidian BLACK shoes. The shoes came, and they are clearly navy blue. I like them, but this is not what I ordered. Best to buy these in-store so you can see exactly what you are purchasing.", "I love these shoes, they look better than the majority of the AF1's that I have had before. I recommend.", "I have a bunion and this shoe was one of three brands with wide toeboxes my doctor recommended. This is the 2nd pair I've purchased and will definitely purchase this brand/model again. I'm a runner and run 15-20 miles per week.", "These shoes are great for people who like to walk alot, but terrible running shoes i think.. They are entirely too heavy on the feet and cause the individual to do all the work. but for walking they are great, you can walk 10/ 20 miles in them but can't run 3. and that's just my opinion..", "I was happy to find these on-line to replace a worn out pair that have been perfect in both fit and stability. I have plantar fasciitis, so I have to be picky about running shoes. Also, I like the basic white / gray color scheme. Not a fan of the ugly neon colors in the newer lines from Nike.", "These shoes are so wide compared to other Nike's that they are sloppy.  I would have returned mine but I spilled coffee on them the first time that I tried them out.  Someone at Goodwill is getting a new pair of shoes.", "The shoes were delivered in a timely manner. Shoes were exactly how they were pictured and were pleased. Will shop with this company again.", "love the shoes ....but....i wore them once and the inner soles of the shoes peeled off...makes me question weather or not they are actually nike shoes.", "My son likes the feel and look of the cleat and I liked the price", "Way too big for a running shoe. It's more of a basketball type of shoe.", "This shoe is very light and good for running but it is very tough. It has lasted me almost a year but i do not wear them anymore. After u wear them for a while they get really bouncy and comfortable. They r the best shoes for running that i have had and they r good for just walking. The shoe can get scuffed up and the foam on the side gets destroyed really easily but that does not matter if u use them to run. These r really good for running if u r in to sports and they r good for walking also.", "love the style and colors of this shoe they really flow well together. very comfortable good arch support and comes with orange laces", "I wear these sneakers to the gym 5 times a week - and I love them! They are lightweight and not to wide. I can certainly feel the difference in my heel when I walk at a fast pace on the treadmill with the extra rubber under my heel. I am buying the black ones next!", "MUY BIEN SON ORIGINALES IGUAL COMO SE MUESTRA EN LAS FOTOS LLEGARON EN EL TIEMPO ESTABLECIDO RECOMIENDO LA TIENDA  COOL", "bien l j gh f d  s df tr g g bn j i i j h t er s s l", "I only bought three pairs of these shoes, but wish I had bought 10! Why do manufacturers stop making the stuff that fits perfectly? Seriously, these are incredible. Great support and cushioning. They also hold up to many washings after being filthy from long hikes. True to size with custom inserts or not.", "Very comfy shoes. The only problem I have is the shoe laces do not stay tied!!  lol otherwise great!", "I bought these shoes three years ago and have worn them everywhere!  Traveling, they are light-weight, quick to dry and most importantly, they are SOOOOOOO comfortable.  Never a blister.  NEVER!!  The little elastic band that crosses near the toes is just as stretchy and taut as it was when I bought these shoes.  Alas, now that I want to buy another pair, I cannot find these shoes anywhere.  Which reinforces my belief that once you find a great pair of shoes, better go out and buy two more pairs, just in case the manufacturer stops making them.  Come on, Nike!  Let's see more of these perfect, wear-everywhere shoes!!!", "I bought these sneaks for my 22 y.o. son because of the value v. look of the shoe.  When they arrived, I was so happy w/how nice these sneaks were, but most importantly, my son really liked them and wears them often.", "This is my second pair of the Nike Zoom Sister One+ training shoe and I really like them. I had struggled with terrible and debilitating Plantar Fasciitis in my right foot for over two years when I bought these shoes. I had tried everything for relief when a shoe salesman at my local shop told me that the latest word on treatment for the condition is going barefoot as much as possible and steering clear of built up, highly engineered shoes for athletics. He suggested these shoes(from another shop, even!), I bought them, and I have not regretted it. I now have relief from foot pain and my legs get an extra workout from the minimal support. The only reason I rated these pink Nike Zooms a four-star is because they actually developed a hole in the upper after just a few weeks. But I do not believe that is standard--just a fluke--since I still wear my first pair. FABULOUS shoes!", "My 16 year old son is a big boy...6'8\". And still growing. (Yes, he plays basketball. Haha) His shoe size is enormous...16.5. And still growing. (Canoes are a little small and pinch his toes. Haha) There is only one thing harder than finding his size...and that is figuring out how to pay for the extended sizes he needs. Even though we live in a major metropolitan area, I have a terrible time finding the boy shoes locally. The \"big & tall\" store we shop at for his clothes does not carry tennis shoes. Most of the online places I've found his shoes want something akin to a mortgage payment for shipping. (Maybe because they need their own delivery truck?? Haha) I know removal of his old shoes requires their own truck (size) and a hazardous waste escort (smell). (My only pay-off for being the one who pays off his clothes/shoes is being able to tease him about this stuff. He's already heard all my best one liners. Now you have, too.)Anyway...the shoes arrived very quickly. The shipping didn't cost anything since they were under Amazon's awesome \"$25+ ships free\" program, which is one of the most stellar programs around. He is really picky about the items that adorn his frame, further complicating the whole clothes/shoe shopping ordeal. I have to say that after searching online for awhile, these shoes were a fantastic surprise. Their unbelievable cost, availability of sizes, nice \"basic\" colors, and free shipping pretty much made these a no brainer. (Thank goodness.) So why only four stars instead of five?These shoes have been really great. He wears them almost every single day - and his shoes get a real work out. School, hiking, work, sports...he puts his shoes through their \"paces\". (Get it?!) After five-and-a-half months of at least 12 hour per day wear, they are still around. They still look pretty good. My only complaint? The stitching has been tearing out for well over the last month. The shoes aren't falling apart to the point of requiring duct tape (like his last ones - which he chose to wear for a few weeks until he found these) - but the stitching is failing. You can easily separate the red part from the white part by the toes, the \"springs\" in the back have been \"sprung\" (you can hardly see any separation - it almost appears that the shoes are just flat in the back), and the Nike symbols are hanging on by a literal thread. My son says the shoes have always been really comfortable. He is asking for new ones now because the stitching is getting worse and there will be a hole in the bottom of the shoe as soon as a few more millimeters of rubber wears off...but he continues to praise their comfort. He also says he likes the additional ankle support he gets from these shoes. Considering these shoes wound up being about $10/month, Mama is pretty happy with them as well.", "like the look and style of shoe. Like the school boy style of this shoe. they look great on my grandson feet", "These shoes was as expected. I love air force ones because they are easy to clean and looks really good on my 5 year old son.", "what does the size 10M US little kids mean and what size would be best for me to choose for a child(girl) who wears size 9", "I purchased shoes as a gift to my son and it was a perfect fit! Excellent and well known pair of Nike shoes!", "My Son Love His Shoes. I Will Be Buying Another Pair They Are Truly Prefect And Are True To The Size.", "Gave these as a Christmas gift to my fiance'.  He loved them.  He loves Jordans and couldn't wait to have the Air Force/Jordan combo.  Thanks Amazon!  And they shipped super fast.", "I love Nike but this has to be one of the most uncomfortable pair I own.  They look nice, but hard on the feet.", "This shoe is great! My feet does not hurt in them even after wearing them all day. I am so glad that I have finally found a shoe I can wear with my foot problems.", "Colors appear slightly different (paler in person), but still very happy 8 year old.  They certainly ran true to size in my opinion.", "This was not the correct item ordered. The picture and description of item I ordered was a soft bottom crib shoe,(screenshot included). Sent the item to soneone as a gift and they get a hard soled baby shoe. Check my account and the picture of item ordered is no longer the soft bottom shoe!! This is ridiculous, I only ordered because it was a soft bottom, I could have purchased the hard bottom shoe at my local sneaker store for HALF the price!!! Very upset", "The shoes did not fit and i'm trying to send them back but can not get contacted from your company!", "This shoe was perfect in size and I love the bib that comes with it. I bought it a little big for my son so I know it will fit him good. Everything was intact.", "Got these for my mom, who has an irregual gait. She likes them and she's very peculiar about her shoes. She had an older pair and needed to get another one because she liked them so much. They're hard to find in her size (for a good price).", "Love this sneaker, cannot find it anywhere and very glad I bought it.  I wouldl like to purchase this one again.  Great!!!!!!", "Good cleats, but have some trouble with the tongue of the shoe; it lets in some dirt when playing (design flaw). Other than that, the leather is soft and shoe runs a bit small (about 1/2 size). Over all satisfied and for the price it's a good deal. Have played on both, soft natural surface and sinthetic, plastic grass (smaller field for 5 on 5) and shoe has performed well on both pitches.", "My grandson was so happy, the sneakers arrived exactly on his birthday.  He liked them and will be wearing them for his preschool graduation.", "The Nike Air Pegasus +25 shoe is the best running shoe I have ever owned.  It has fantastic cushioning, pleny of room for my toes and they are super light..every run I have taken since I bought these about 4 weeks ago has felt great.  I would definitely recommend this shoe.", "These have been my favorite Nike since 1982. They are hard to find. So I was so happy to find a pair in the right size for the right price. Now I just need to find the same shoe in the classic white with red swoosh & red/white/blue sole, and I will be in heaven.", "...and he's picky. He won't wear uncomfortable shoes, and he says these are nice and supportive. He loves the retro style. I love that they last forever.", "I love how they look on my husband. He loves how they feel and he says he doesnt get very tierd with those shoes", "These are great retro shoes (the same model and color as my first pair of Nikes back in Junior High!), but be warned:  they run VERY small.  I needed a full size larger, maybe even a size and a half, larger than my normal size.", "The shoes were recived on time and in advertized condition. Excelent product. NIKE Cortez Basic Nylon '06 Blue Sneakers Shoes Mens only available for order in my area. This is a popular shoe but the price is fair.", "These shoes are very good looking and extremely vintage.  BUT, they are also very small.  Order one full size larger than what you normally wear.", "IT WAS EXACTLY WHAT  I WAS LOOKING FOR. THEY FIT PERFECT VERY COMFORTABLE INSIDE PACKAGING WAS AS YOU BOUGHT FROM THE STORE", "These are my fifth par of Cortez. I have multiple colors and love them all.", "wow!!!! i will say just wow! it looks just like on pictures and my bf liked it very much. it is very comfortable", "Air Cortez is the ORIGINAL Nike shoe created those many decades ago.  And to this day, it still shines as a set of kicks that scream style. These shoes are truly legends and I love that Nike is continuing their retro collections. This blue version fits great and looks great!", "My boyfriend had an old grey pair, and wanted new Cortez for his birthday.Just going by the picture, the shoe looks ok and not my style. BUT, on him, OOOOOooo they look good. Nice looking shoes. He loves them. Thank you!", "These shoes are crazy comfortable, but don't ignore the other reviewer's advice on buying a size larger, because they do run small.Product arrived promptly and exactly as advertised.100% Satisfied.", "The pair I received were irregulars the left shoe was distorted and after wearing it for 10 minutes made my heel hurt. This stuff should be labeled as irregulars. Thats why this product sells cheaper here than say footlocker or some other large retailer. If I would have paid about $20 more and bought it elsewhere this would not be the case. Not paying for returning defective shoes.", "I ordered a blue and a black pair.  The black pair fits fine.  The blue pair were a little snug in width.  Then I realized they were shipped from two different stores.", "I like my Cortez Nike's. The design is classic and I get tons of complements. However, After about an hour or so, they are a little tight. I wish I would have gotten a half size larger. I will get another pair soon but next time I will get a larger size.", "This is considerably smaller in size than other sneakers.  I wear a size 13 in every sneaker that I have worn for 20 years and never had a problem with fit.  This shoe is way too small for me to wear", "The shoes looked great, but I apparently don't know my own shoe size. I returned the shoes and re-bought them in a larger size", "I loved these shoes way back in my high school days and I am so happy to have a pair again! They look great with my jeans!I would have given them a five star but they seem a little bit stiff.  I am hoping they will relax with some wear.", "I am glad I read other peoples reviews and I ordered my self 1/2 a size bigger.  These fit great.  a little narrow for my wide feet.  Once broken in they are awesome.", "I looked in every store in the mall and NO ONE had these old school shoes. They are great people!!", "Bough these for my husband and got his normal size but they run small.  Had to return them and get a size bigger.  They look great though great throwback shoe.", "I love these shoes! I have a pair in grey/silver as well and they just fit my feet perfectly. I even got a set of white laces with them should I decide to switch from the blue ones. Fast delivery,too! Great seller! Thanks!", "Muy buenas zapatillas, duraderas, clasicas al mejor estilo forest... se ven muy buen con un jean, me gustan mucho y todos les encanta mis nuevo calzado...", "I really feel comfortable with it , i took a white one its really cool with a good priceThank you.", "I am a musician so I stand for long periods. I find that these are very comfortable and easy on my heels.... Great buy!", "Have loved the Cortez since inception. Very comfortable and still a great looking shoe Even my 11 yr old wants a pair.", "I bought these for my boyfriend. He wanted a classic style that was light weight and comfy. They are all of the above. He has gotten plenty of compliments on them too.", "These are a birthday present for my brother. He has been wanting a pair of these shoes since they came out in '06 (or the year they came out).When I asked what he wants for his birthday he said these... so I ordered a pair and thankfully was able to get a good price competitive to our local shoe shop here.Upon arrival these come in a larger box, inside is a brown Nike box with these inside. Brand new, exactly like the picture shows.True to size as well.", "these shoes are great they came right on thime and earlier then expect, they fit great when i walk around they feel very compterable, and great for going out to a party or just when you have a day off work, walk around the street or something i recommend these shoes get them", "Cortez are about a half size too small.  On the thin side and about a half size shorter than most.  Nice though as far as style and look.", "He is so proud of his new shoes.  He keeps asking, &#34;Do you like my new shoes?&#34; They were comfortable right away. They look sharp!", "I love the shoes.I work 12 hour shifts these are perfect to handle the work load of working in an emergency room.", "Fit great.  I like the all leather shoe for walking in the grass.  Doesn't get water on my socks. Great product.", "These are the coolest, best fitting, stylish, retro shoes around.  I have been stopped two or three times by strangers complimenting me on these shoes.", "The shoes come laced very tightly but once you loosen the laces up a bit these sneakers fit perfectly. I have a pair of Nike Cross trainers and these are just as comfortable. I may end up buying the white w/ blue swoosh too. Not too crazy about the little metal medallion on the laces but it's easy enough to take off.", "These shoes are awesome because of the fact that they are comfortable and look good for being &#34;old school&#34;. yeah", "Heads up people. These run at least a half size smaller than the sizing chart says. Had to return mine.", "Love these shoes, they are a good buy, and they are true to size.  However, my squarely conservative husband is not really comfortable with the style; pointed nose and somewhat &#34;feminine&#34; in his opinion.  Sigh...", "This is my husband's favorite shoe and we were glad to find it here at a very competitive price.  It arrived fast and was exactly as advertised.  Nice shoes - perfect fit.", "The nikes were what I expected I loved the feel and the color is just what I expected. Very light weight.", "I could not find these shoes where I live in my size.I ordered these off of Amazon and it was exactly what I wanted.", "Trained in them back in the 70s. So good to put them back on again; after all the fancy nonsense, these fit like a glove and roll along. Not sure why Nike doesn't keep making these in the traditional design - red swoosh and blue wedge. I guess it's just me and Forrest Gump!", "Been looking for these shoes for awhile. I like the simplicity and old school coolness of them. The ones I ordered arrived on time and fit as I expected them too. Will definitely be buying more pairs as these wear out.", "My son already new his size in nike runners and we purchase these online.  They were delivered to our front door within 2 weeks of the initial purchase and we were extremely happy with the product and the service provided by Amazon.  We have purchased a couple of things from overseas and this is one of the best websites we have purchased goods from, we would highly recommend using this website.  Excellent service.", "I love the old style of the cortez. They are just what I expected. plenty of compliments and I would definitely recommend.", "I like this shoes but the size seems smaller than other shoes. You might want to order a half or one size bigger than your usual size.", "Simple and stylish.  Other shoes these days have way too much going on as far as running and basketball shoe designs go.Nike Cortez has been around forever and will always be a good go to shoe.The only problem is that they don't offer an all black version with just the center sole and swoosh being white.  It's either black with a white sole which gets dirty real quick or all black which is too much black.Obsidian seemed like it'd work but it was actually a dark blue and not black.", "i love white shoes but this one just get's dirty to fastthe shoe looks ever nice tho i don't mean getting a other one but a black one this time", "The shoes are real nice, Once I got them and opened up the box, I was surprised at how better they looked in person. Very nice shoes.", "Just as described. Nice pair of sneakers, fit well and look good with any casual outfit. They are as white or whiter than I expected and clean up good.", "wrong size , I like the shoes but the size did not match with my expectations that is why i returned the shoes, hopefully that next time will be the best one", "Always buy Nike brand, this was a great price and came on time. Nike is always a good brand, can't beat it.", "The shoes are classics that I wanted, the package arrived timely and proper packaging. The shoes are of the size that I always use but do not understand because they are somewhat smaller than usual.", "love these reminds me of 1970's  nice sneakers and comfortable they are my going out tonight sneakers to party.  ha", "they are real, authentic Nike brand and my husband was more than happy to receive them and better yet- they arrived EXACTLY when I needed them! definitely a repeat buy will be made in the future! much appreciation to this company for their excellent customer service.", "I think I didn't realize that the sizes were a bit smaller in Nike or something, because I don't buy Nikes that often. It was a present for my dad but the shoe size was way smaller and instead ended up as a present for my little brother.", "i purchased these for my boyfriends bday i could not find his shoe size (14) at local stores. i was so happy to find them here! great material and very nice shipping was fast! my boyfriend loved them and he has had them for almost a year and in great condition very durable!", "quede fascinada con estos zapatos, el color y el dise&ntilde;o cubrieron mis expectativas son los de corte cl&aacute;sico que deseaba tener nuevamente", "These are the only tennis shoes that work for me .....a lot of people see and they bring back memories from high school", "=)", "I order this tennis shoes for my husband as a present. It fit him really good. I am so happy that came on time.", "Retro look and speedy ship, what could be better than going to the store, I recommend this item for those that grew up in the 80's like myself.  This was before Air Jordan and days where sneakers hardly ever costed more than $50.  That has all since changed as we all know", "These are great sneakers. I use to work in. They match my uniform. They also frel great on my feet. I remember when these sneakers came out years ago, there were not as many colors. Thanks for the throw backs......", "I bought these shoes for my boyfriend and he absolutely love them. The price is great, they look really nice and he finds them very comfortable..", "Awesome product! I love the classic design, quality and everything else.  I highly recommend this Nike Cortez Basic Leather shoes.", "I haven't seen this style of Nike in any stores for many years so I was surprised to find them again.  They arrived within a week and were exactly what I had ordered.  Very impressed!", "I ordered these shoes and they never came , i called shoebacca and they sent me a new pair immediately . I didnt even have to hear from UPS. These guys are very friendly and very customer service oriented. Every shoe i order from Amazon is going to be from shoebacca.", "Im a big fan of nike and this nike cortez are excellent i really like using them.  Ff ggg aaa aaa", "The shoes seem at tad more snug than the black pair I have, but they'll most likely loosen up after wearing a few times. They look great.", "I have worn Nike Cortez since 1978???  I love them. They have changed a little over the years, but i will always but them!", "Great Nike design. My husband has a nice stock of these sneakers. Some things just never go out of style! Of course he never throws them out!", "They are just as wonderful now as they were in the 80's. They fit great, are light weight and so very comfortable. Hope to buy more in the future.", "The only reason I give only 4 is &#34;obsidian&#34; is apparently Dark Blue? I assumed black silly me! Had to dye them.", "The Navy and white looks good is why I like them.  I plan on using them for everyday and gym work such as treadmill and squats.  They are cushy how I like for squats.  The thing I don't like it that the tongue is nylon.  I hate the Cortez nylons as they are cheesy and prefer my shoes to be leather as they last longer look better and are more comfy better made.  Nylon is just a cheap material so I avoid it as much as possible as a rule.  Nike made these Cortez cheaper than their other Cortez.  Cortez is like a tough shoe like Lugz.  Now Nike makes weird shoes with silly colors so harder to get a decent shoe out of them.  I have been looking for the Cortez blue suedes for a long time like four years and have not been able to find them, only the leathers and nylons and this one is a cross of both so that is disappointing.  I wanted to put fat laces on these but with the cheapo nylon inside that seems silly.  Who puts fat laces on nylons?  I probably will but leather tongue is more comfortable plus I plan on running a lot on these and leather is not as absorbent as nylon.  The nylon is going to get funky quick with my demanding workouts.  I guess I'm better off with track Asics and Adidas as it seems Nike is lowering their quality putting brand recognition over quality materials and construction.  Nike leather is cheap and thin and then they try to piece pleather of fabric in places to be even cheaper.  They are too greedy and as a result they are hurting their brand.  I bought four other shoes and I am sure they are all better than this one such as the PUMA Men's Roma Basic Lace-Up Fashion Sneaker.", "The shoes were way too small.  My oldest son paid for them.  It was near my younger sons' birthday, so my they were given to him as a birthday present for him.  My youngest son loves them.", "They fit great, I didn't think they because I needed a 10.5 but they weren't available so I got the 11 and it turns out that they fit perfectly.", "this gift is for my hubby i havent given it to him yet but im sure he will love them... i bought him a black pair a few months back and he absolutley loves these shoes he says they are the most comfortable pair of walking shoes hes ever owned!!", "10.5 always fit me but this shoe 10.5 is way too small. Looks like Im gonna sell it on ebay and order a bigger size hopefully 11 is enough.", "The Nike Cortez will always be a stylish and classic look in a world fool of increasingly hideous and over-priced sneakers. If you are a regular Nike customer, you should stick with your normal size, maybe half a size bigger. If you usually wear Sperrys or other shoes with no sole, you might want to order a full size up. I usually wear a 10 in Nike's and I got a 10.5. Had a bit of room but overall the shoes were very comfortable. Love the look. Can wear these shoes with pretty much anything. Happily surprised with the extra white laces that came with the black and white shoe. If you are a classy dresser, these are a MUST HAVE!  Shoes shipped as expected and came in perfect condition but if this company wants to make me a lifelong customer, they should offer free return shipping for ordering the wrong size.", "Be Sure to order a half size bigger. these cortez' seem to be very small when made. but all good, and fast shipping.", "These nike's are totally old school their priced right and fit great. What more to say if you want a classic Nike sneaker", "I got these for my husband as he will wear no other brand or type. Excellent price compared to local stores.", "My 14 year old son loves these shoes.  They fit him perfectly and he says they are extremely comfortable.  Highly recommend them.", "I purchased these original Nike's because I had a pair when I was a kid &I really liked them.  They fit a little snug & I ordered a half size bigger than I usually wear.  Kinda wish I'd have ordered a full size bigger.  They're still Nike's though &I do like them.", "I really like these shoes. They are a good quality and are really comfortable. Looking forward to getting other colors.", "The Nike Cortez is a very nice shoe, a little too narrow for my taste but still a good shoe.  I ordered the shoes from Shoopop and received them in a timely manner.  I ordered the Obsidian/White/Obsidian and what came were the Navy blue and white.  That is not what I ordered so I will not order from Shoopop again.", "they were a gift for my grandson who loves them!  The service was quick and and the product was exactly as advertised.", "Delivered as it said it was, definitely nothing with my pair, definitely ordering more. Worth every dollar on this purchase.", "I bought these for my husbands birth day and my vato loves them. They came 3 days earlier then expected. It was awsome he is in love with them so worth the buy will be back again for more. Thank u ! Their beautiful", "Bought these for my grandson, 15, for school.  He says he loves them.  They fit well and are very comfortable.", "The shoes can in on time as it stated online. They were brand new and was really happy with the price we paid.", "I got these for my grandson who just loved them and he said that they are very comfortable to walk in. Thanks for a great product.", "I was looking for a pair of these for a while. I really liked them when I received them, they were good quality sneakers, and I received them in the time expected. I would do busuness with this seller again!!", "Wearing this brand 30 plus years there is a reason they call these shoes &#34;classic&#34; They just plain look good", "I picked the wrong size, I normally wear 12s. IdK why I did that, oh well better luck next time.", "I got these shoes for my husband for fathers day.  I looked all over at the retail stores and they did not have the specific size I was looking for.  Glad to have found them on Amazon!", "these shoes are so confortable and the price is so good, this product is excelent.thank you.", "PRODUCT IS GREATBUT WAS NOT CLEAR AS I NEEDED OBSIDEN IS BLUE I WAS THINKING IT WAS BLACK WOULD BE BETTER IF THEY WOULD STATE DARK BLUE NOW I HAVE TO THROW THEM AWAY BECUASE THERE BLUE COSTS TPO MUCH MONEY AND TIME TO RETURN", "Great styling, quality leather, and quality stitching. These sneakers are made to last.  What else can I say except... NIKE Cortez '06 are GREAT!", "great classics. they're great. nice and clean looking as expected i even bought some for a friend who lives away.", "I Love these shoes! I had been wanting to buy a pair for the longest time. I've always seen them in stores and of course knew they old school! They look good in jeans, sweats and on my feet! Couldn't believe they had my size 14's so I bought two pairs! Red and Blue!", "very comfortable, with a good fit. Very pleased, would highly recommend. Outstanding product.In the process of making another order.", "Received the item and it's the wrong color it's dark navy.  I know I can return and exchange for hopefully the correct color, the only problem is I sent it to a student to an away college.", "Loved it with all my heart. Great fit, great look, great quality. You will love it too. Get one as soon as possible.", "These are some durable, good looking and very comfy sneakers. Highly recommend to anyone who likes them.Nike knows exactly how your feet to be treated.", "I bought them for my brother as a birthday present. He seems to love them!  Very comfortable and the quality is fine as well. So, he recommends ;)", "i love it ,i received many compliments from friends and family and it is very comfortable and worth every dollar i paid for it.", "Llego a tiempo, aunque me hubiera gustado que llegara mas rapidoEn excelente estado y originalesLa talla correctatodo bien :)", "I don't know if there are two versions of the Nike Cortez because I had a pair when I was younger and I loved them. But these shoes kill my feet when worn for more than an hour. THIS IS A TERRIBLE SHOE!!!!! Spend a little bit more and get one that doesn't give you blisters.", "Shoes are as nice as the ones I wore years ago when gas was a dollar. Great throwbacks to have on deck!", "I ordered a shoe size bigger and they fit perfect. So I would recommend buying a full size larger then your normal shoe size. I like the these shoes because my father had them 15+ years ago, and I thought they were an interesting style. I wore them on for the first time and I couldn't stop staring at my feet. I would recommend these shoes to anyone even my grandfather.", "For wide feet this shoes can bother you in some point but after a while for breakin them you can comfortably walk around with them", "This shoe runs very small. I wear a size 8 and could hardly get my foot in, and when I did was very stiff and uncomfortable.  The good reviews were from 2009, so there must have been a big change since then. The shoes I got were made in Indonesia, not China so it was probably the reason this shoe is way off the proper standard size.", "bought for my son. CASUAL SHOES 10.5 Men US. Excellent sneakers. Comfortable, beautiful. Son liked sneakers. He is very happy. Bought 2 pairs.", "I have 4 pairs of free run 2's. I wear them when I train and they fit great. They fit like a slipper, very snug but in a good way. I would recommend these to anyone that needs a reliable, comfortable, durable shoe for exercise or work.", "My favorite shoes!", "this pair of tennis feel like costume made, great fit, lightweight and very good price , would buy again for shure", "I bought Nike free run for my son (not at Amazon though) and I paid around 88 $. Guess what, within 6 months, one shoe ripped on the side!! If I pay 88$ for a shoe, I expect it to last at least a couple years. AND NO, my son did not indulge in any sort of activity that would have caused it to rip!! I would not recommend that people buy this shoe. Not worth the money!!! Hope Nike gets this message.", "this is my 3rd pair of Nike Free Run 2 and just like the others they're awesome.  These are different than the others because of the suede type look.  Probably rock these with jeans", "Fit great, very comfortable. I'm a beginner runner and use them as my running shoes and I am very happy with them. Would recommend them.", "The shoe has no tongue.  The body of the show wraps completely around the top and what should be the tongue is an integral part of the body.  I have high arches and when the laces are eased out, the body still can not open far enough to insert my foot.  (My mouth has a tongue so getting my foot there is a regular occurrence.)I don't hate the shoe (per the one star comment that I cannot change), but it is not wearable on my feet.", "Thanks for your speedy service. These shoes and like wearing a cloud, they conform to your foot and disappear.  I just ordered a second pair.", "i dont know if nike already have a factory in china, but all my nike shoes are made in vietnam, so Im a little bet dissapointed!!!", "These are great shoes.  True to size and excellent running/casual sneakers that are great for walking, running, and working out.", "The colors are more 'girly' than I thought was portrayed in the picture, it ran a little larger than I expected also. but nothing a double layer of socks can't fix. Otherwise, a great running shoe!", "Haven't had shin splint since using this Free Run +2. I used to get shin splints repeatedly before. Fit right and feel right when running. Only 4 stars because insoles are really poor made. Had to purchase a separate &#34;athlete&#34; insoles. If insoles are made better, this would have been 5 stars!", "Bought these because i needed gray shoes to walk in all day.I'm also a runner, but don't run in these.  However, I would.", "the free series is simply the most comfortable running shoe available even in higher price ranges. They are also very durable.  I where these for work and I average about 10months of wear m-f before I start to notice a breakdown in the foam ( Im 210 pounds ).  As long as the free V3/V4 are still being made&#60; this is the only shoe ill buy.", "The shoes look great and fit my son's size 12.5 feet well.  He is really happy with them and says they are comfortable.  These are his everyday shoes.", "This style of shoe, tongue sewn in, is hard to find in stores. We bought the first pair in Germany so excited to purchase in the states online. Good fit. Good price.", "This shoe seemed to either be used or of low grade quality. Within a week of my son wearing them they started to fall apart. Whats the deal with that? I have never had a pair of nike shoes I bought from a store do this, these weren't what I expected at all and will not buy from this seller again.", "I bought these for my 17 year old son,  who has wide feet with a high arch.  He said they are very comfortable and is thrilled with them.", "These shoes fit great and they are so comfortable. I got a lot of compliments from people. I will probably purchase another pair of these shoes.", "They feel like I'm wearing no shoes at all!! I've always had my eye out for a pairif these, I just was never a fan of a lot of the color schemes, call me &#34;old fashioned&#34; but I like a simplistic color scheme and this was perfect! Nike always makes a quality piece of footwear.", "I truely love this pair. When I first checked this shoe, i wonder if the color will be exactly the same as the picture. they look the same. And if you go by the american size, it helps a lot to pick the right size shoes..", "These run a half size small.  They are a little tight in the toe.  Be sure to get an accurate size.", "These were a Christmas present for the hubby.  He loved them!  I think Nike makes great products and these sunglasses live up to the brand.", "I purchased one pair at a local store during a Christmas sale. The online price was better than the regular store price so I bought two more for the other cars.", "Was very nice And very confortable i recomend this product are so soft And i always use it And  i Will buy again", "I had a pair of these sneakers that I purchased a few years ago and were old so needed a new pair.  Nike doesn't make these anymore so found them on Amazon.  Item was in the expected condition (new) so I'm happy with this purchase.", "Everything about this purchase is great!  Best price around the net, $50 savings comparing to other sellers.  Timely and free delivery, perfect fit.  What else can a buyer desire?", "I love the look and fit of these shoes. They are so comfortable that once I put them on I never want to take them off. I highly recommend these for anyone who is doing any kind of training. They are very light and have great traction for all surfaces. 100% what I expected", "Fit as expected.", "These sandals are legit in every way! black matches everything!  They look great and they are very comfortable.  Also, the price isn't that bad!", "These types of Nike slides are very comfortable.  I bought them for my boyfriend and he said that they are one of the few slides he's had that don't dig into his toes.  Be careful if your feet are wide, though, because they are very narrow and your usual size may not fit.", "Do you like comfort with a dash of pizazz? Do you often find yourself wishing you had better luck with the ladies? If given the choice between swagger or class would you laugh and fuse the two together like some fly ass dragonball z characters? If you answered yes to one, none, or all of these questions then this is the product for you. Not only are they bitchin cool and super comfortable, but they can also be used to smack a fly honey on her rump while she's twerking. You'd have to be from squaresville to pass up these mothers!", "Product as described and these were for my father in law since our dog chewed his other slides.  Father in law very pleased with these.", "I had some postal issues on my end, but they communicted with me an im so pleased with my product", "I was debating whether to get these or a different pair, but I decided to get these because I did not want to be the same as everyone else. Here is a key when ordering sizes: If you wear a Nike 13 Tennis Shoe, get size 12. Trust me, 13 is way to big.This thing got to my house the next day, which I did not order Expedited or One Day Shipping!Great shoe, order from RunnWalk if possible.", "This product was GREAT!!! not a five cuz i was kind of expecting a softer cushion for my feet. O well, for this price it is worth it.", "i got these a few days ago. I had read on several reviews that they can run small, but i decided to just get my normal size and see what happens. I got a size 11 and i could not believe that in my normal shoe size, they were actually if anything a little big. No big deal though, as the size is almost perfect.However, the strap at the top if very very tight. There is no way to adjust it either unfortunately. I am confused as to why it is so tight, its almost a bit painful to wear them, but i am trying to break them in a bit to see if i am going to keep them or not.I like the sandal itself, but it is quite uncomfortable at the moment", "Item was in great condition. New. Still had tag. Fit well. Looks just like the picture. Good for the price.", "Great flip flop, water proof. A little small but it fits fine. Works great as a shower shoe. I really like it", "Product goes well with the cool colors of spring and summer!  Nice Quality and would most certainly recommend this product.. May even order another pair (Different color of coarse)", "Great fit, feels comfortable, might buy another pair for casual wear. Good buy! said 7 more words required so I'm just typing now", "I always purchase these slip on for my husband and son. They like it, I love it! Perfect for house slippers.", "If your foot is tall or wide you'll find this sandal is very unforgiving and you will be constantly trying to push it back on.  Otherwise solidly constructed and comfortable.", "these are the best slippers, anybody that likes comfort and light weight should definitely purchase these.  They start off kind of tight but after a couple of uses they are meant for your feet.", "My son loved these.  He likes &#34;stand-up&#34; slides that easily slip onto the feet.  Price was good, and he says they are comfortable.  I always see him wearing them in his spare time.", "My feet swell up and these worked out perfect to be around the house and summer to come. Loved the color also", "I bought these sandals for my husband for Father's Day and he hasn't opened yet.  I assume this product will be nice because I have the same shoes in my size!  I have always purchased items from Nike - tennis shoes, clothes, etc. and have always been impressed so I imagine my husband will enjoy these comfortable Nike sandals as I have.", "Lightweight athletic slide is comfortable and true to size.  Black on black is a nice neutral and good alternative to regular flip flops.", "The size 13 is the same as a size 12 I had purchased from a local retailer earlier. I have an older pair of these and the size 13 was much larger, which is what I wanted.The quality of the shoe is as expected from Nike.", "They look really great, love the black on black color combo. Just a few issues caused me to return.1. The band that goes over your foot does adjust (look closely at the picture and you will see what I mean).2. Didnt seem very comfortable. The rubber seemed very stiff. Maybe they loosen up over time.3. I usually wear size 12 and the 12 seemed way too small.I was looking for something comfortable to wear around the house with sock.These are my observations, they didnt work for me, but might work for you.", "I bought these for my son who wears a men's 7 sneaker and usually has a little room. These were too tight. I sent them back and ordered a size 8 which fits better, but are still a little tight. We are going to keep them though because I'm sure they will stretch out a bit and fit a little better after some wear.", "these slippers are my favorite right now they are strong and durable although when they get wet they take a very long time to dry", "feeling not bad, it worth the price, it's a pretty nice sandals. The picture does not look like the actual product.", "The landless was good and laptop and all the products were good all the things meet my expectations thank you", "Comfortable, but not extremely durable. They got really smelly and I put them in the wash and now the leather is wrinkled", "i real like Nike Benassi JDI - black/white there the best sandals there the best for the Price is good", "These sandals are great for when I finish a basketball game, where I take off my hyperdunks and switch to these quickly, basically a simple sandal. Although it runs kind of small on the width, and my friend's actually ripped. We both have regular, non-great width feet so maybe a size up would be better", "Because the top part is not adjustable I recommend get one size bigger to fit more comfortably otherwise you need to push your feet all the time", "bought these for my 15 year old son...he wears them and so does my husband. It was a good buy they are comfortable..good quality.", "Fit very well and comfortable. They are worn everyday with and without socks. Will definately purchase another pair in the future.", "got this in size 10 fit nicely,gave it 4 stars for the look and comfort,wish they were heavier feels kinda cheap,will see how long these will last..not bad for the price. thanks amazon", "I bought these in need of a new pair of lounging sandals and they are nice just one concern. I wear a size 12 men's and I ordered a size 13 just to be safe....lets just say the 13 is barely fitting perfectly. If i would have gotten my original size 12 I would be sending these back. I should have gotten a size 14 for optimum comfort but I'm pretty satisfied. Order big!", "I dont have wide feet or ever wear wides but,these were too small. Cant even break them in because there too small.", "My son wanted these for Christmas and I believe he likes them? He hasn't said so I don't really know?", "I bought these for my son and he likes the way they look. He feels they are a little tighter than he'd like, but he wears them with socks.  I think they will stretch out with use and then maybe they will fit better. Otherwise, they seem well made and look good.", "This was a gift, but as far as I know the receiver loved them. They were packaged nicely and arrived promptly", "Good product! Great Christmas gift. Great value for the price. Everything was as expected. Product looks nice and fits great!", "looking fresh in my nike's.fits great looks dope and stylish.classic nike cool sandlesmakes me look dope while lounging !! YUP.", "They fit my boyfriend perfectly and look great. The price is awesome and well worth it! Love how they look.", "got these for my son's birthday gift, wasn't his size but it's great. he was very happy with the shoes since it was a surprise. would buy more if price wasn't high", "Bought these for my daughter who plays sports.  There were shiped and recieved in 4 days, they do run SMALL.  My daughter is a women 9.5 so i orderd a womans 10/Mens 8 and they barly fit.", "This is a very comfortable (padded) shoe that fits true to size. However there are little tiny &#34;just do it words&#34; all over the top of the shoe. I think this logo is a little out dated, but you may like it.", "the shoe fit nice and it is great to lounge in. My nephew loved his birthday present. will continure to buy.", "Quality of the slipper was fine except for the fit.  I normally wear a size 11.5 but ordered a size 12.  Fit was very snug and narrow.", "Bought these for my teen son.  He loves them.  Great for summer time.  Easy on and off.  I bought one size up, so he he has room to grow, but walks in them fine.", "I bought these slides for my son as really like a house shoe, something to keep on his feet around the house.  But he also wears these as a relaxed shoe after his boxing classes as well as after football practice.  There comfortable yet stylish.  He can wear them around the house and then he can also wear them with basketball shorts and look kind of cool.", "I bought for my busband for x-mas.  He really likes them and the fit well.  Just what I wanted perfect fit.", "I like the slide, however they run really small and I could not find my foot comfortably in the slide, I returned them for a size bigger in hopes that that will solve the problem.", "True to size perfect for the beach or water park I use them at the gym everyday after a shower easy to clean comfortable slip on", "Not all nikes are made perfectly I suppose. :( the length was true to size, however; it was not meant for people with normal or wide feet. It was made for people with straight feet!!! Just decided to keep it. Did not want to hassle with returning it. O well......", "I love slides. These were perfect and I wear them any time I can. Glad to not have to go in a store to find them.", "They rip super easy", "This product is just as it shows on the screen...kind of plain but my 13 year old cousin loves them and wears them daily!", "I liked them because they are snug with socks and have excellent cushioning. Hubbies shoe but we keep at the door so I wear them to mailbox. I really like. Comfortable", "Personally, I love how these sandals have the Nike wording on top of them. Unlike many Nike sandals I see around, this one doesn't just have the swoosh.", "For some reason they fit me small. So I gave them to my little brother which is a size 11 and they fit him perfect. Bought another pair, size 14 which is perfectly fine", "Simple, basic athletic sandals that do the trick! Nothing fancy, nothing crazy but well-built sandals. Order arrived on time in brand new quality.", "Purchased these for my grandson and he loves them. He wears them often and this seems to be the style", "My son loves them and says they are comfprtan;e in every way.  He wears a 13 but I bought a 12, and they are still just a slight bit big, so they do run at least one size big.", "The picture does not look like the actual product. But the slides are ok. I wish I had seen them in the store first.", "Fit great and would purchase again.  They are very versatile and are made well.  Don't hurt your feet and can wear straight from the box.", "The shoes look nice but as previously posted the band across the shoe is pretty snug i am hoping it is just because their new and will loosen in time", "I bought these for my 11 year old to wear in between basketball games, I think they are a perfect starter sandal if you don't or can't spend the money on more expensive pairs. The sole is very hard and plastic-y and the part that goes over the foot is very cushion-y and soft. He hasn't complained about them and they were well worth the money I paid for them.", "I bought these because I had a pair a few years ago and liked them, but when I got these I realized they were made a little different. They were very stiff, no cushion at all, and narrow.", "I bought size 13 even though I am a size 12, but there were no 12s available. I'm not disappointed with how these fit, they may actually run a little small so 13 was good for me. They don't have very much cushion to them, if any at all. So if you like soft sandals, choose a different one.", "I bought these for my husband. He always likes having something easy to put on when going out for a quick moment so thats why I chose these. He told me the fit is exactly how he likes it not too tight or loose and the strap going over the foot is comfortable.I ordered these in a size 12 and I didn't a  need  larger size.Overrall my husband likes so 5 stars", "A gift for my son and they fit him perfect,  oove shopping online.  Thinking of getting another pair for my hubby.", "I have to say Amazon was great with refunding these.  By no fault by them or the company I did not read that they ran small. The refund was issued and I ordered size bigger.  They are a great shoe.  To bad little ones feet grow so fast.  I'll order another pair when this happens.", "True to size so I would get a size bigger next time but I love them", "My son usually wears a 6 but these size 7 fit perfect. Super comfy and easy to wear. My son has been wearing them since they arrived.", "The run a little small and a little tight but they will work for him to wear at the lake. I won't have to worry about them slipping off and getting lost.", "Ordered these for my son in size 5. The sandals say they are that size, however one fits rather tight and the other is ready to fall off of his foot. Turns out the strap on the sandal is placed way farther back than the other!! In the process of returning these.", "Very confortable slippers for my boy? he's like it. Highly recommended. But not too much choices on the Amazon. Would recommend to offer more slippers like that.", "Very comfy, long lasting. This is my daughter's 2nd pair! We will come again to get next size in different color.", "They look good but my kid do not like them they are too loose on the side so when he walk he sandals go on the side of his feet.", "The shoe does come a little small, but it gives it a tight hug on my foot.  That said though, the laces are a little small too.  The material is very comfortable and has helped me while I recovered from my blisters on both of my foot.  It is also very light weight as described.  What doesn't get me is that it is not water-resistant.  I could be running around my neighborhood on a rainy day and I would be fumbling on hills with every stride I take; it is that slippery, but I seem to manage with the dry weather here.  Other than that, it has a really great style and sleek detail.  I got the full-black one because I was going to use it for work also, but the blue-trimmed one is pretty sick as well.", "They actually fit perfect and I like them a lot. These shoes were well worth it! Thanks", "They fit well I have a lot of shock absorption and there very comfortable they do their job very well", "My client say is perfect, very comfortable, perfect to practice sport, go to the gym, to rum or go for a walk, excellent fit", "Great Trainers! You really feel the air in the sole! Very comfortable for training and running, for the price it's the best deal you can get on Amazon!", "Bought these for my husband since he's on his feet all day. He says they are comfortable & fit perfectly. He also has a pair in gray for running, & says they are amazing .", "I got these shoes because the price seemed pretty reasonable. They are comfortable to exercise in. I would say they run half a size too big, but still wearable if they are big. I would get them half a size smaller next time.", "I bought these as a work shoe for my son.  New job required that he be on his feet all day.  His comment was &#34;FEEL LIKE I'M WALKING ON PILLOWS&#34;.  He expressed they were true to size and that his feet didn't hurt at all during the day after working an 8 hour shift.  Wearing with a pair of black slacks they are put together well enough that you almost don't realize they are sneakers!  For somebody standing on their feet all day I'd recommend these as an alternative to dress shoes.", "Nice shoe, just a little bigger then the other pair of nikes I have that our also 10. Thank you", "I have worn Nike for 30+ years.The Nike Air Max TR 365 is the poorest quality of any I've worn.I always wear size 11 and these fit much larger than an 11.The pair I received came in a tattered box and had obviously ben worn.The best feature of the shoe is the, easy to fasten, lacing system.", "Sneakets were slightly small for the person pirchased for. He likes them a lot but says they are not the best quality Nikes he has received. I asked & he said he would give them an &#34;8 or 9 out of 10&#34;& &#34;4 out of 5&#34;...", "Like them so much, I'm ordering another pair to wear outside the gym.  Am completely satisfied with the fit, cushioning, and stability, and am wearing them during my ACL surgery rehab.", "Scuff up easily don't recommend.  I thought this design would be easier to keep clean this was not the intended.", "These Jordans are comfortable and very creative looking pair... I like Jordans. But these Jordans came to me with a scuff fixed it and they were brand new! Love it!", "I ordered my sneakers and when I received them I was very pleased. Seller shipped quickly, I have ordered before from the west coast and living in Florida it usually takes a week or more but not this time. Sneakers were the Air Jordan 2009. Very beautiful shoe, brand new as described but most importantly they were 100% authentic!", "Shoes were very comfortable from the git-go.  Very comfortable - no hard spots, no rubbing.  Soft, yet firm support.  Still comfortable after 90 holes in 3 days.  Great price and fast delivery.", "These Nike golf shoes have lasted me over two full summers of golf. They never leaked or tore, never lost or broken a spike. They are waterproof, stylish, and provide great footing in any terrain or difficult lie.They are not, however, very comfortable. I wear a size 13 and my feet are average width, but these shoes felt tight throughout the middle and very tight around the toe. I would often stop after nine holes and take them off to stretch out my toes before relacing them. The insole is worthless and might actually be part of the problem. I removed the insole and replaced it with a Dr. Scholl's and noticed an immediate improvement in comfort. The shoe felt roomier too.The laces are another poor feature. They tend to slip and not stay tight while walking.", "I had purchase this item for my boyfriend because the price was great  but then we broke up before i can give them to him. The sneakers came quickly and were much better looking then seen online. When ask to get a refund because i would'nt be given them as a gift anymore the company give me a refund right away .", "my son really loved these sneakers.  As he says they look good, feel good and roll with style.  Can't go wrong with these sneakers.", "This product was exactly as it was described. I have enjoyed using these shoes. It was a good buy for me, who doesnt play much.", "These are really Great Shoes and the second pair of Nike Air Jordans that I have bought for my husbhand! I love them because my husband loves them. Hey, if anyone was going to name a shoe after the Great Micheal Jordan, they would have to make them just like these shoes....great looking, great comfort with bragging rights! They also got here in time for Christmas!!", "These running shoes are the most comfortable pair I have ever had!  I'm in them all day and I can't complain!Oh, and I love the color!  I get so many compliments.  You will not be disappointed with these if you should purchase them.  Thank you Nike for making comfortable sneakers for this Mom!", "I love these shoes. They are light weight and durable. This is the second pair I have had in this series.", "great shoes!  I was afraid the color was too bright, and it's not at all.  they are very cool & fit well.  I recommend them.", "I got these shoes as an every day work shoe after it was recommended by my pediotrist.  I needed to have extra arch support after tearing my long plantar ligament.  These give great support and are really comfortable.  They even look good as well.", "I had the vomero - 5's and ordered these ; I loved them so much this is actually my SECOND pair!", "These do run small, but I was aware of that, so I ordered a 1/2 size up. I love them. They are excellent quality and seem to stay pretty clean (or at least look clean) compared to other tennis shoes I've had. I wear them at least 4 days a week and they've been holding up perfectly. I love that the sole is pretty thick and gives me a little height lift. They also have GREAT arch support! Super comfortable for wearing for 10+ hour days!", "I ordered these shoes a week before a half marathon because I popped my Air Max running shoes. I was so worried about blisters and not having time to break them in properly but they were awesome,I had no problems at all. The purple is fun, and the shoes are squishy and excellent at absorbing shock. I have thin feet and high arches, and the fit was nice (they're true to size, I ordered a half size up to run hills, but I could have gone with my size if I were just wearing them casually).", "What a great pair of sneakers!  The color was bright, vibrant, and exactly the shade of pink I was hoping for.  They fit comfortably too!  Glad I chose them.", "I have bought this shoe from the first design, this is the worst.  The cross the top seam digs into the foot and the heel is too high.  for the first time in years I am going to look outside of Nike.  too bad as I love the large toe box and cushioning they offer.", "Wear these should to work every day! I'm on my feet all day long and they are very comfortable! :)", "Really like fits good, size just right. soles are thick enough to rum or walk in. Good brand of shoes", "I bought this because it was the most comfortable shoe for work related plantar fascia. I cannot find another shoe as comfortable.", "Time to retire my previous size 9.5 Nike Zoom shoes, I was pleasantly surprised to have this 9.5 fit the same exact way.  Having high arches, I really like the way the Nike Zoom seems to hug my feet and supports my ankles.  I am on my feet all day long and unlike so many other shoes I've worn, I find that I don't need to add an additional insert in these Nike's.Cons? The &#34;purple&#34; is more a berry color, IMO, and the laces are a little too short.It's been a couple of months of wintry weather along the NJ Shore and constantly wearing my Uggs has really bothered my back.  After just a day of wearing these Nike's, my back is no longer complaining.", "I've always worn Nike for running.  Within the last few years I've been using the Nike Zoom Vomero.  I especially prefer them for long runs where I need a little cushioning.  I have a neutral gait with medium to high arch.  I always buy a half size larger for running shoes.", "I got this as a christmas present to my wife.  She says it is her favorite running shoes EVER!!.  I say Cha Ching.  I have a blue pair of these running shoes.  Basically, they are light but with lots of support.  I run about 4-6 miles 4 times a week and  have no complaints about the Vomero+ 8 shoes.  They fit great, don't irritate and are light.", "I could still wear the shoes but i thought they were like another pair of Nikes i bought...( Which didnt need a wide).....but the ZOOM VOMERO were a bit skinnier.", "I am a long distance runner and this is my first time wearing this line of shoe and I'm really pleased so far. It is well cushioned and there is plenty of room in the forefoot where I have struggled with other brands in the past. Very comfortable!", "Great watch with exceptional quality! Highly recommend to the daily runner! Excuse me for a few, I have 5 miles to do!", "Fits perfect. I feel bad because I bought them to run in but they are to pretty and really comfy.", "i love it, is perfect the shoes are very soft and are good to do exercise in the mountain or the gym or anywhere. Good Price!", "Love my volmero's!  Fits as expected.  Cushioning footbed, good arch support.  Great for running and weight lifting.  Need new pair every 6-12 months.", "Usual yearly Christmas gift for my wife this new model fits her a little bit tighter than previous vomeros which is the oh shoe she runs in", "If Nike changed this design then it super worked for me. I have narrow feet with sky high arches. I'm a runner but not a marathoner just to put things in perspective. I got mine at Fleet Feet because of my special needs feet. I just can't walk into a discount store and buy what's on the shelf unfortunately. The lady at the store said I tend to put my weight on the outside edges of my feet because of my arches so I need a neutral shoe like this one to place my feet in the proper position for running. I can definitely see how this shoe would not work for a wide foot. It perfectly hugged my narrow one. Great cushioning in the heel which I needed and also in the middle of the foot which is my striking point (I think that's what the lady called it???) My old Nike Pegasus shoes, which I still love, only had that cushioning in the heel whereas this one is all over the bottom of the shoe. Good high impact shoe for my foot type. Hope this helps!", "I would recommend this shoe to anyone who has to stand on their feet a lot during the day.I love these shoes", "I have battled plantar fasciitis for years, and need a shoe with lots of cushion for my high-impact activities.  I've used them for a few months now, and they work really well.  For some reason, they seem to fit narrow over my instep, which is strange as I don't normally have this problem.  To not make the shoe too tight, I have to really widen the laces, and then you can see my sock through the side of the tongue.  Or maybe the tongue is too narrow.  Doesn't affect the fit, although I find myself adjusting the tongue.  And yes, I laced it through the little guide on the tongue.  The toe has quite enough room.  I normally wear a 9 in street shoes, but I wore a 9.5 in these, like I do all Nikes and running shoes.  Everyone always compliments me on the color (pink and grey) when I wear them to the gym.  An added bonus.", "I LOVE the Nike Vomero, but this shoe seems to run about 1/2 size smaller. Really bummed out b/c I had to return it. I miss the &#34;6&#34; series.", "I have a Nike Zoom Vomero 4 and the newest update to the Vomero series is the Nike Zoom Vomero 8 which i purchased hoping for that the same great fit, however i was greatly disappointed. the shoe slips at my heel and is also tight in the toe box area.I am very disappointed! that is to state the least since i sent a picture of the of my Zoom Vomero 4 details located inside the shoe and was referred to this by the nike online customer specialist.", "absolute great comfortable shoe good support feels really good on your feet colors a bit hard to match but overall best fitting most comfortable shoe iv ever purchased", "My weekly mileage is 40-60 miles a week. No injury or pain with Nike Vomero! Love this shoes & no other shoes will keep my feet injury free.", "I love this shoe as I have been purchasing them since the Vomero 5's. I will continue to buy them if they keep making them. Love the support in the arch and use as a daily shoe and a pair for running.", "I love this shoe but it is harder and harder to find. The heel cushion is amazing and lasts as long as the shoe does. I run in the Gel Nimbus which is a similar shoe, but the heel breaks down much faster!", "I've warn this shoe couple years now and was thrilled I could still get a new pair before Nike changes them again and I need refitted.", "These are my favorite running shoes, and Amazon had the best price I found.  I recommend trying them on first though, since the sizes run a bit larger than typical shoes (I wear a half size larger in these than other brands).", "They work like heaven. They are light as a feather. Im usually not a runner, but with these shoes you dont get tired at all I was able to run with out stopping for 1 hour and did not feel tired or felt pain in my feet like with other running shoes. Must buy if you love doing exercise", "I have purchase Nike's Zoom line several times before and this shoe fits great and looks good.  The quality is the same as a store and is holding up as expected.", "I had some that looked like this and thought these would do even though they don't say \"wide.\"  They just weren't wide enough to handle my bunions and hammertoes so I gave them to a shoe givewaway for the needy.", "I like the shoes however they seem a bit narrow for me. I purchased my usual size, maybe I should have gotten a half size larger.", "These are all leather (except for the tongue). I bought mine in October, and they still look almost new in May.These are the first pair of Nike I've ever owned. I usually wear New Balance or Reebok, but I'm definitely a convert. The stitching is very well done, and the outside soles are in good shape and sturdy.The inside is comfortable with solid support and structure. The arches are still strong, and the insole is still in good shape. They are very comfortable and soft. They haven't stretched out.I wear these practically every day.", "I order this shoes back in Summer 2011 because my old shoes will fell apart and this shoes are okay but there is little hole and front of the shoe.", "excellent shoe design is great, recommend it, very light, ideal for training, I recommend it for all those people who want to throw the use of the diary is very good shoe, I use it almost every time.", "I usually play 27-36 holes and needed to change shoes after 18. With theses shoes I can go 36 and it feels like I'm barefoot walking on marshmellows.........", "superdope, super comfortable, great all around style, tells others you just like the finest, and, what else can/ scratch that.. could be said about the worlds best chillin' shoe!!", "Everything was great.  They fit as expected and am very pleased. Using Amazon for anything is always a good thing", "soles are not confortable at all. I had to keep  my old new balance and send to the trash 3 pairs of new nike  air max so othercwise they spoiled my feet soles even with or with our extra soles....", "This is a great shoe fits very nicely, is very light, and most important very comfortable. Will definitely buy another pair in the future maybe a different color.", "EXECELLENT", "Ok, I should have known. You do not put air pockets in the dryer.  They expand, go pop, and then your shoe is useless. And that's what happened.I was surprised the colour was as loud/neon as it was.  Still acceptable though, but it didn't look as loud in the original ad.  As a shoe it was fine. Air is cheap a good marketing ploy, but not better. Although it is light.", "Bought these for my husband for Christmas and he loves them. He's a shoe addict and has almost a hundred pair of sneakers and he said that these are very comfortable and stylish. He did mention though that they were a tad big tight (near the instep area) but loosened up as he wore them and now they fit perfectly.", "Shoes are Christmas present. Looks like on the picture, everuthing is perfect. Only thing - box was really destroyed, doesnt look like new, but shoes are ok. Thank you.", "Great shoes for running, walking--anything! Especially if you have a bad back like I do. Your feet can thank me later.", "Super bright neon green/yellow, love them so much, amazing. The best nike air max by far, I recommend this shoes to anyone men and women.", "I purchased the Air Max to use in place of cleated golf shoes as the grip of the golf shoes was aggravating a knee injury per recommendation of physical therapist.  This was an excellent idea.  Just the right amount of grip for a good game of golf and no knee pain after.  In addition, they are super comfortable.  I'll never wear traditional golf shoes again.", "These are big head turners especially in the Volt color.  Non stop compliments/comments.  Shoes are very light and comfortable.  I am not a runner, use these for everyday walking and some gym time but not running outside.  They are pricey but they are top notch and you get what you pay for!", "Fast shipping, looks Awsome, fits great. Perfect transaction.", "Love them! Beautiful, comfortable, and now I want to buy a new pair in black! Worth the money for sure!", "love these air max tennis shoes! always the best way to go when choosing a shoe with a lot of style", "I love this line of shoes as they are (in my opinion) the most comfortable shoes  on the market. However, after owning these shoes for a little over a month the air pocket developed a leek and am now unable to wear for anything other than casual day to day events.Now, after reading the above statement you would think I am in fact a bigger person, however, I am not! I am rather thin and do not/have not attempted to run in these shoes, nor did I ever get a chance to work out in them. Yup, that's right, they just  popped! No mas on the air pocket!! And guess what, I have no way of getting back my $180 ish dollars I spent on them as I just missed my return policy by less than a week and... and having said that, amazon gives you no way of contacting the seller after said return period has ended.Buyer beware.Update:Amazon is going to allow me to return the shoes! Love this company.", "Very nice shoes they fit as expected and are really light working great for running purposes and the colors are great!", "I cant really review these because I received knock offsI did have and still have the black and white size 11 and they fit great but on amazon they had almost 80% of the sellers selling Korean knockoffs which were over sized and not shaped to your foot properly ,also if you had a real pair the emblems were smaller and not in the correct place and not reflective .JUNK!", "I caught these shoes when they were on sale for 99.00. I don't know how it happened, but as soon as I saw them, I had to get them. They fit great, They look super clean, and there has not been a day I wore them that somebody has not complimented me on them. The downside is that they get dirty really quickly, so I bought some protective spray to keep the dirt and scuff marks off. I recommend these shoes to anybody who wants a super comfortable and super clean pair of shoes for everyday wear.", "feels tight.  I hope it stretches.  I live overseas and cannot be bothered to return from a diplomatic post office address", "these shoes are sick restock them in a men 13 please!do they usually restock new shoes every week? Thanks", "Looking around on amazon.com I found a product that I think is overrated. The Nike air max 2013, these shoes are the running shoes you see everybody wearing. Ads call them the new hot swagger if super stars got them why don't you. So many people fall for these Ads, but me ii think this product has a problem with it time span, all the different color, there's so many more problem with the shoe. The product has some good qualities but the shoe its self is just ugly for the price there sold for in all stores. These shoes are over priced at $200 a pair. This is my negative review about this product \"THE PRICE\".The prices for the Nike air max 2013 I think are overpriced. Why they cost so much is because of the product description, the Nike air max 2013 running shoes are the most flexible of its kind. People say when they go running the shoe is so flexible it fills as if there were no shoes on their feet. The shoe is so lightweight its 1.5 weight makes it fill as if you could run forever. I also think the prices for the Nike air max cost so much money is because of how comfortable the shoe is to the users.The shoe immediately out of the box looked cheap and seemed poorly made. The style of the shoe looks like it's not made to least still it's one of the best of its kind. People all over the world buys the Nike air max 2013 for running and running only it's understandable why, the shoe is great for running but the shoe is way too ugly to cost over $200. I think people would buy this shoe just cause of the ethos super stars put on about the shoe, cause to me the shoe is not all that great but like I said the shoe do have good quality use for athletes of all kind.", "I've been wearing Air Max for years and finally had the opportunity to share the comfort with my sweetheart. He is not someone who wears sneakers AT ALL. I've converted him officially with these! :)", "I own so many pairs of the Nike Airmax. I love them they are comfortable, great colors, I get compliments all the time. I have had several surgeries on my foot & these shoe are light weight, flexible & are great on my feet & have no problems with my foot that has had surgery. The only people who find negative remarks are those who are too cheap to pay the price or they can't afford them! You only have 1 pair of feet for life treat them well, or you will have problems when you are older . The only problem I have had is trying to locate my size in the color I want. They are sold out before you can buy them. As long as there's Nike Airmax I will continue to purchase them !", "These shoes are comfortable and they look GREAT. I have three other pairs in different colors. Definately worth the price.", "COULD YOU CHANGE TO OTER SMALL 7?I LIVE IN ECUADOR, BUT THE SHOES ARE IN MIAMIIF YOU CAN CHANGE, I WILL BRING TO ECUADOR", "Like the fact this sneaker is light as a feather. Great style, very comfortable & Nike+ compatible. A must have for 2013", "I've been wearing Nikes for years, and these are the most comfortable I've ever worn.  They're great running shoes, and on top of everything else they just look cool.  Within a few days after my first pair arrived, I was back on Amazon buying a second, even though I had to purchase them from a seller at a higher price.  Worth every penny.", "They were very comfortable initially but they popped after a few uses. Sent them back to nike for a replacement claim but they denied the claim. Save you self a lot of money and just buy a balloon, it will last just as long and you can use the money you save for a normal shoe.", "I went to several stores in the Denver ,Colorado area looking for theses Nike Air Max 2013 in my size they were sold out ; so I went on Amazon and found them ; They look amazing and feel great on my feet ; I wear them to  Zumba  class and they look good with my outfits  .. I'm  glad I found the two tone soil bottom's they look so cool....there a  size 7.5 there a bit wide and a little bit bigger than most size 7.5 . they were sold out of size 7 ; But I been wearing  Air Max for the past  10 years and  I still have my first pair or I given a pair away a time or two they do cost more than most running shoes but I only had one pair that every tear up . I may buy two pair a year or every other year depending on the different styles  .But I wouldn't go walking  or workout in any other shoes cause there nice comfortable shoes that last year after year after year. You do get what you pay for when you purchase Nike air max....", "nike air max is my favorite shoe. i buy them over and over year after year and wear them almost constantly", "THESE SHOES ARE LIKE WALKING ON AIR THEY ARE REALLY LIGHT AND COMFORTABLE IT ALMOST FEELS LIKE YOU DONT HAVE THEM ON", "very comfortable, nice design, a bit pricey, but worth it, quality materials, completely original, ideal for walking, or shopping, or wear a good pair of shoes", "Bought this shoe for my son for Christmas, huge waste of money, they didn't last a 2 months before they started falling apart. We are Nike fans, but this shoe was a huge failure.", "buen producto un poco elevado el precio para el tipo de zapato solo para conocedores de este  tipos de calzado", "This Is my secunde pair, the fiesta one blog up don't know the reason but i don't know where to tale them for  guaranteI bought another one beca use they are great", "The shoe heel cup is too low, the tongue is too flimsy, the sole wears out too quickly at the heel, the inner sole is too light weight and $180 is too much as a retail price.The 2009 shoe air max 360 was one of the best.  $180 should be perfect and super supportive and cool looking.  2013 is NOT even close.", "Wore these to work for a day, will never do that again. These shoes are meant for narrow feet, wish they made that more apparent. Besides that I think they are over-priced for the build quality and comfort level.", "Most comfortable shoes I've ever bought! Love the unique color and want them in another color! Really pleased with them!", "this product is very good, better than the pictures. will definitely be doing business in the future again and recommend to everyone. NIKE RULES!", "Son unos tenis muy comodos. Son muy bonitos, los recomiendo ampliamente. Muy buen producto y excelente calidad. LLegaron en buen estado.", "shoes are fine but I am disappointed to see how I paid 40.00 too much compared to what I am seeing out there now", "Love these shoes.  They look really good and feel great.  I have 4 pair of these now and love them all.", "it broke down the chamber lost the air i thought it would last more,not that good at all, not recomended", "I was very happy with these shoes for about a month because of the comfort and style. Unfortunately that feeling did not last long because the bubble popped last night on the right shoe. Wish I knew what to do with them now.", "My sons shoes and they have been great shoes all school year! Had no problems with them and they fit him good.", "i really like this pair of cross trainers. my only issue was that because i have a slightly high instep the shoes fit a bit close thus preventing me from tightening the laces very hard. ovreall its a great product. it provides great support and enhances my workout.", "I'm a bigger, football built kind of guy.  6' 235, 25% body fat.  I ran on these shoes and popped them after three days.  I popped a second pair after three more runs.  The cushioning is unparalleled and I love the look.  The shoe is just not meant to be pushed by a football size guy.", "Very comfortable and a great fit. These runners are not water resistant in any fashion so avoid puddles!  However despite this they are warm without being hot ..", "heap material used to make it and over priced. It is not worth the price. Shame on this fake Nike.", "Nike trascendi&oacute; con estos zapatos, compre dos pares, de verdad que se siente el confort tengo problemas en la espalda y con estos zapatos, caminar es m&aacute;s agradable.Lenin Betancourt.Venezuela", "fit my feet very well,size is goodget the goods very quickly.the shoes is new but not cheaper than it is sold in China.", "I usually spent a lot of time working out in high impact activities as step, aerobics and spinning. And this shoes are the perfect match for my gym time. Comfortable and functional.", "Very nice shoe at a great price on Amazon! These shoes were bought for a very picky person when it comes to tennis shoes and she loves them! Says they are very lightweight and comfortable!", "this was a gift for my son, he absolutely liked them, they fit very good and he said they are confy", "my son loves them he wears the shows every single day and he was so amazed when he got for the first time and he never had air max so this is anew expirence for him. I also recommend It for everyone when I got the other type of nikes they told were bad he says it really suits him we'll", "Air max are always great shoes! Very comfortable and once you are used to it you would never switch to another.", "I had the shoes probably for one month I wore them maybe five times and the left shoe air pocket popped", "As one other reviewer said, I have also been wearing Nike air max for so long I can't remember wearing any other type of shoe. Something about walking on a bubble of air always fascinated me. But this year I think Nike missed the mark. The most obvious change is to the tongue of the shoe. Or whatever this thing is called. It's extremely thin made of some type of nylon. Reminds me of the same material rain jackets are made of. It's so thin I have doubts it will last very long. Its like a flap of fabric, no cushion to it at all. The tongue is so thin and small that I have a hard time grabbing the thing when pulling them on me feet.  I typically buy new Nike once a year. But the feel of these shoes does not instill confidence in me that they will make the entire year. Maybe it's just me. But I feel prior versions were made of better material. I will keep them simply because I need new shoes. But if I had seen these in the store before I made my purchase online, I probably would have chosen a different year model. Don't get me wrong, they are still Nike Air max. And if you wear Nike as much as I wear Nike,  then they will do just fine. I just don't like them compared to prior versions and I think the tongue is a cheap thin piece of ----. That's my two cents. Still a good shoe.", "We are concerned about the &#34;air&#34; pocket in the back but if that holds up then these look like the best pair of nikes yet!! My husband plays alot of sports and says these fit amazingly!! They feel like your walking on a cloud! He just hopes the air pocket doesn't pop lol", "they're a little spongy for running on a treadmill, but they're great and comfy for every day use.  They take a few times wearing to break in, beware, I found the soles to be pretty slippery until they had a little wear on them.", "I have foot problems and this is the one running shoe that I can use that doesn't break down and make my feet hurt within a couple months.  I only get in 2-3 miles a day, so I am not an marathon runner.  I've been wearing Nike Air Maxes since 2009 when my podiatrist recommended them due to my foot injuries.  They last 9 months to a year of almost daily use.  They have a very stiff sole which gives you the support you need while running or walking.  Test your shoes by trying to bend them in half.  If they bend, that means there is very little support and your foot isn't suppose to bend that way.  These Nikes never bend and are super firm.  Run on my friends.  Run on.", "kinda like the style , and color combo , fit nice ,price is alittle steep , id recomend these for training , considering buying a backup pair , maybe different color", "So comfort, light weight, nice look. Fit tight but I still feel so comfort. I was looking for a nice red running shoe and this is the best option. Nike is Nike! I love it!", "THIS RUNNING SHOES IS THE BEST THAT FIT WELL. VERY NICE PRODUCT, COMFORTABLE AND PRACTICAL. EXCELLENT.I REALLY LOVED THIS SHOES.", "everything good! nice shoes, i will buy again in this site, thanks for your services, i give you 5 stars!", "Honestly, I have owned a lot of good shoes.....as I have always felt you can never spend too much on your feet if you use your shoes a lot.  And after going to the stores and trying on countless different pairs, this was by far the most comfortable shoe I have ever wore.  I bought them immediately after trying them on and walking a little bit in them.  I know this is not a cheap shoe, so if you are on a strict budget, this might not be for you.  But if you are les concerned with price and more concerned with comfort, this shoe is for you.  I am planning on buying a second pair here on Amazon within a week or two.", "i love these sneakers fit great and very comfortable  my next sneaker will be a walking sneaker i wear size 11.5", "This shoes fit great, a little soft and springy but I with my bad luck walking down a flight of stairs happen to catch an sharp object that hit perfectly in the area where the air is now it lost over half the rebound and makes a sheee shee sound.  Way to easy to puncture that membrane for the price.  They are ruined as far as I am concerned.", "My son has enjoyed these tennis shoes.  Very much in style and light weight too.  I would highly recommend this item.", "what  can i say about shoes we all knowi like better the air max 2009better shape better fiti would returun them and get older model if they had it it with this colorshipping took lobger then expected", "I'm in my 50s and run 3 times/week, 2 to 4 miles. These provide nice cushioning for my knees, even running on asphalt. At this distance, they last almost a year. I can't compare them to any other shoes, since they work for me I haven't tried any other brands. My only complaint is the cost. At $150 they are EXPENSIVE!!! Good thing I only need to buy 1 pair a year.", "not much to say about Nike shoes.i have several color of this model and it is perfect for people with back pain", "While this is my third Nike Air Max 2013, this was definitely the first one I have always wanted.Great shoe, comfortable ride. The Pimento c/w really pops with anything.Easy cop!", "He is a referee and the shoes are nice and comfortable.  He said that they are very comfortable!  Very nice", "got these for my son and he really lieks them. great fit and feel with what appears to be a very well made product", "I haven't worn nike in awhile,but these are very comfortable.i have a pair of spring blades and nike beats them hands down.", "Ok I spent more on this shoe thinking it was an upgrade from my Nike Pegasus 29 but so far I'm finding that they are heavier and that little weight difference  is HUGE when your running every day 5+ miles a day! They are comfortable but not any more than the Pegasus 29 I would not buy this again and wish I would have stayed with a proven shoe!", "I just about choked on the price but went ahead and ordered these just after Christmas to replace something else he had received.  He LOVES them - says they are the most comfortable sneakers he has ever owned.  The soles look cool when you watch him walk away.  Hopefully they will wear well.", "Now I know shoes have to be broken in, understand that.But I weigh 220, not entirely too heavy and I have already had the air cushion pop. I was at work, so I had to pop the other side to cope for the day. The weird thing they are more comfortable and &#34;squishy&#34; with no air, they were really stiff while inflated. In fact they didnt even feel like they had air cushions before, they felt like regular shoes...(Maybe they were too inflated from the factory?)They breathe decently though.", "After all the hype about owning a pair of Nike Air Max 2013s, I decided I should try a pair myself. When I first opened the box I was somewhat disappointed since I was expecting an amazing shoe. They were comfy overall but ran a bit smaller than listed. The tongue of the shoe was also very flimsy which might not seem like a big deal but it rubbed me the wrong way. Overall it's not a terrible shoe, but I think there are better pairs of shoes out there. Personally, I had tried on the newer 2014 versions and they fit better, had greater cushioning, and breathable material. The supplier gave me a full refund within the 30 day order period so everything worked out okay.Just my 2 cents.", "AWESOME shoe! Also an eye catcher. these are the most comfortable shoe's I have ever worn. Get them now! you wont be disappointed.", "Excellent shoes.love working with them & training in them.Bad thing is gets dirty fast but it is expected.I no longer worry about my feet hurt like they use to.", "I bought this shoes to run and everyday use to shop in supermarket, to walk for the street the sunday's morning. this shoes are very confortable, lightweight, my feets don't have perspiration. The color is very striking and reflective swoosh is easy to see in the darkness.i'm so happy with my new shoes. five stars to nike. you did it again", "If you think they are bright in the picture... You should see them in person. As much as it is hard to believe, the bright, neon colors of the '80's are coming back around. The first day I wore these out in public, I caught several compliments off of these shoes. I am not the one to brag, and with these shoes I do not have to. It seems that shoe fanatics already know that these shoes are pricey because I am told that I am crazy for spending such a pretty penny on these bad boys, but they always have to declare that they wish that they could afford them. My business just hit a huge stride so I splurged myself with three pairs of these awesome shoes. If you can afford them and you are contemplating purchasing a pair... Do yourself a favor and scoop these up. They are super comfortable, look great and you will feel like a million bucks when you slide these on your feet.", "I feel good... I just love nike... It would've been better...For real... I got what I've spect...Very nice", "super comfy shoes, crazy style; the dark sand and splatter paint area is enjoyably rough and durable - interesting texture in general.", "BACKGROUND:  I am 6' 2\", 205 lbs, and I run 20-25 miles a week.  I've been running for almost 2 years, and I've used the New Balance MR1062SB exclusively until now.  I am no longer am to find my size, and the MR1063 was a non-starter due to having a higher arch.EXPERIENCE:  The fit and feel of the Nike Zoom Vomero+ 4 was different than what I was used to, but I thought I had my replacement for the New Balance MR1062SB.  One 6.5 mile run was all that I needed to know that this would not be the case.  My right foot was very irritated on top just beyond the joint of the big toe.  Feeling around inside, I found a flaw in the stitching that matched my trouble spot.  There's no way this was going to work for 300-500 miles.  Back to the drawing board...", "Shoes fit well and where comfortable but the bottom sole of the shoe at the red shox came apart after 2 weeks. Got a pair of Reebok Zigs and never looked back,I love my ZIGS......", "they are very gray, I thought they were green and white or maybe a light gray.  They are very gray and I do not like them.  If you purchase them you have to pay for the shipping to send them back and reorder new ones.  They are very narrow in width.", "i bought this for my wife and she loves them her old ones had more shox on them she wished all of nikes had more shox on all there shoes not just select ones", "These shoes are pretty narrow, so be wary if you have wide feet, but these are light and have taken quite a beating.  I like how much they breathe as I sweat a ton; if your feet get cold, these might need to be your fair-weather shoes.  There is an air-pocket under the forefoot which adds some great softness when trying to learn how to run \"correctly\" (forefoot-strike).  I use the Nike+ with my iPod and that has helped me stay on pace and it is surprisingly accurate (measured w/in a % against gmap-pedometer.com).  Trail-running in the Air Pegasus has been great, the waffle design on the sole keeps me sure-footed.  I did spray some scotchguard on the front to keep any dew from seeping in through the mesh.  I'm a novice runner, so when these die, I'll try something else but my expectations are now very high.", "this shoe is very nice looking and was the right size but the inner piece pressed on my foot and was painful. The return department was helpful and courteous and processed my return fairly quickly although it took about three weeks.They returned the cost of the shoe and the shipping to me but I had to pay for the shipping back to the store. I know this is the policy  of this company but after paying that return cost I will in the future buy shoes where the shipping is free both ways.", "These golf shoes are so good, I wore them without socks the last round I played, and they treated my feet to an amazing, comfortable day. Can't recommend them highly enough!", "these shoes , if we talk about look , they are the bomb , the colors , my favorite , and they are very good for who have hill problems , like me , but I would like just a little bit lighter weight , I'm getting old , and I love very light shoes , if you are looking for light shoes , don't buy shox.", "The last guy who gave these shoes one star because he got the wrong size shoes. They are great shoes. An order mistake does not excuse one to give a product a low rating. These are classics!", "Awesome they fit perfect! the color was the same that the picture shows, I don't have any issue with this item", "These are the real deal...fit great and excellent for skateboarding. Bought them as a gift for Christmas and my friend love them.", "The shoes are amazing, love the colors, the shape And the weight. I definitely would buy another pair like this one", "I have to admit, I was extremely excited about getting these shoes. I am on my feet for 12 hour shifts with work and have several coworkers that have this style shoe. After MULTIPLE people gave them rave reviews I decided to get some for myself. The look of the shoe is great. The fit is a bit smaller than I expected. I wear a 8 or 8 1/2 in shoes but should have ordered a 9 in this one. Another complaint is that the tongue of the shoe slips to the side. I have to adjust it several times per day. These shoes also &#34;eat&#34; my socks. Again, I have to adjust several times per day. They also have a weird clicking noise when I am walking. All these things make me wish I hadn't purchased them or could at least return them. As I said, many other people have given rave reviews but they aren't the best for me.", "good, excellent shoe, very nice product, in line with expectations, striking and original design. Coloration photography, pleased with the quality of nike.", "great! they are really comfortable and i love it. excellent shoes for work out. totally recomended!.excellent deal. love the color too.", "Nike would be advised to get rid of the hard plastic inside the shoe body. It rubbed on my bunion something fierce where I had to cut the shoe in order to wear it. They would benefit going back to the softer body shoe for the Free. Did not enjoy this pair. Much prefer the older style.", "These shoes were exactly what I was looking for! I got them as a gift and the recipient loves them. No complaints!", "These shoes are light weight. They fit like a glove. Unlike other running shoes I can barely tell they are there and if you have ever taken any running classes, you'll know the key to great running is barefoot. Well, since the toe shoes creep me out and I will not run barefoot, I think these shoes are the second best thing. They run a little small so get a .5 size bigger than your usual. I would buy these again.", "Shoes look wonderful but my daughters foot is a 11 and not a 10.5. She thought she  was only 10.5. Really need to find that shoe in an 11.", "These shoes were everything and more than what I had hoped for. They were delivered so much faster than estimated whichmade me happy since icould wear them sooner. Fit, feel and color are simply perfect. I highly recommend these.", "Ive had these shoes for about 2 years now and i was hesitant to buy them at first because some people complained about them being poorly made but that was not the case. These shoes are super comfy and are great for running.", "These shoes are so light and unconstructed that you forget you have them on.  I live in a very hot part of the country, so they're great for keeping my feet cool while running, walking or just hanging around.  They're best worn with very light socks or no socks at all. I wouldnt recommend them for classes in the gym where you're doing lunges or jumping, but otherwise I've really enjoyed them.", "I have nike free run 2s that i love and thought these would be even better. New style, cute color, etc. Nope! I ran my typical 3 mile and suffered major heel pain (like walking on a bone bruise) in both feet for an entire week afterwards. Guess I wont be wearing these to run. Maybe to take kids to park. Major bummer!", "These shoes feel so good on, I wear them almost daily, they've replaced my old walking shoes & I plan to get another pair. Cute, too!", "love this shoe but they do run extremely small. Like a whole size small. They fit good when I take the insert out but not as comfy when I do that.", "Love the color, the comfort and the look of it.The perfect shoe to show off at the gym! yeah", "These arrived 7 days earlier than expected.  Nothing funky about them.  I've owned 3 pairs of the Nike 3 Free Run so I knew what to expect and got them.  Love this new pink style and I couldn't find it in my size anywhere but on Amazon.  Wearing them now.  Can't wait to make real use of them!", "ORDER A SIZE/HALF A SIZE UP. 3 star because bad fit, too tight. Otherwise, these shoes look nice and are extremely lightweight.", "This product is great. Exactly what I wanted and ordered. I love the Nike Free Run+ 3! I got the grey and blu ones- they are perfect.", "I had read great reviews about this shoe but I found them to be uncomfortable. I'm not sure why but they do not provide much support. I use them to go to the gym daily (lift weights and do light cardio) but occasionally I have to switch them out with other shoes because they become uncomfortable.", "color was just as the picture described it. very comfortable a little pricey but overall satisfied. would recommend to anyone interested in this product.", "Very comfortable!  Lightweight - great for circuit training and other forms of high intensity cardio.  And I love the colors! Highly recommend!", "I was Active Duty Air Force for 2 and a half years and when I got pregnant I needed a pair of shoes that were light and comfortable.. These are amazing.. They are feather light, fit snug like a sock but have great stability. Now that my son is a year old I'm getting back into shape and these shoes are amazing!! I can do yoga, pilates, running, even P90x with these shoes and they feel great. I've had slippers less comfortable than these. They also breathe very well which is a plus if you have a tendency to get sweaty feet. Highly recommend!!", "Just went for a run in my new Nike free runs. No shin splints, no sore feet. These are great running shoes. I could go another four miles easily! I will definitely buy these again!", "Since I didn't purchase these for myself, I cannot attest to the comfort they provide or the quality, but being a Nike, I am going to assume they are great. My Daughter-in-law uses them as her workout shoes, and hasn't complained about them. Not that she would - but she wanted them for her workouts.", "I bought this for my work out buddy who is now my girlfriend she loves the color and she stands out more when working out ZI suggest all women have a pair this color", "Love the colors were a little tighter so order have a size bigger I think I have awe none time", "I didn't get these from amazon, but a different store and I'm glad I did. Because I'm usually a size 7, but you need to get a size up, because they're a bit tight. I got a 7.5 and they're amazing!!My previous shoes were hurting my feet and my knee. But running in these, NO PAIN! They're great!!", "I loooooove these shoes. I ran in them once and they already felt broke in. They are so light and comfy. They completely conform to my feet so I am able to lace them a little looser than most pairs of running shoes. I love the grips on the bottoms! They allow me to go from track, to road, to grass, to cross training. Great shoes! Nike hit a home run this time!", "I bought these shoes for my daughter and she loves them. Very comfortable under strenuous physical education exercises both indoors and outdoors.", "Zapatos de muy buena calidad, recibido en buenas condiciones y el color elegido, muy c&oacute;modos para caminar y correr, fue un regalo para mi esposa", "THIS PRODUCT IS VERY GOOD, BECAUSE IT'S SOFT AND CONFORTABLE. THE COMBINATION OF COLOR IS FINE. IT'S THE BEST OF NIKE", "only tried these indoors thus far but excited to give them a try on the trails etc in the spring. so far fit is excellent (true to size) and they provide support whilst being super light weight.", "Comfortable and nice to wear...very light on the feet makes wearing all day very comfortable.  nice color combinations and nice shoe materials...", "This shoe is great, perfect for working out or even just for a walk around the town. The company shipped in good time and was exactly what I wanted.", "Very happy with this purchase! Love the style and comfort. Thinking of purchasing a second pair. I would high recommend this shoe.", "The colors are awesome and they look brand new when bleached in the washing machine! The are very comfortable too! I would recommend!", "Nike FreeRuns are amazing-- they give my feet ample space in the toes (and I have borderline wide feet) arch support, and a almost running barefoot feeling-- without feeling like a nail could go through the shoe easily and give you tetanus.Love these. Will keep buying them as long as I need running shoes.", "They are the perfect size and very comfortable....my foot looks like they are pointing inward though...and no its not my feet, its the way the trainers are shaped..", "Light weight and very comfortable. Fits like a glove. Little snug and bought 1/2 size bigger than normal. Might want to try on in the store first. Love my Nike!!!", "I am not a runner. I am a diabetic who is on her feet all day. I love these shoes. They are very light and flexible and have great ventilation. Because I have to take very good care of my feet, I am very careful about areas that slip, rub, or put pressure on my feet. These are almost like wearing slippers. I have had them for a few months and they still feel great and look great. I wear a 10 and the fit was just right for me.", "These shoes feel like they are part of your foot.  Cushiony and stretchy but stable.  Excellent fit. Look great too.  Not as stable as ASICs but a great casual athletic shoe.", "I did not buy this shoe from Amazon, but I've had 2 pairs of these, and I will continue to buy them until they stop making them (hopefully never!).  I teach very high impact fitness classes, and my shoes wear out every 3-4 months. I also have problems with my feet (bunions & toe issues), and I have never found a shoe that doesn't hurt my feet in one way or another.", "The Quality I expect from Nike. / Kinda expensive!It's an excellent product. 100% recommended. Very Comfort, perfect for gym and running.", "Overall look of shoe is really fantastic. Toe box was comfortable however the section across the top of my foot was tight. I would have given 5 stars had that portion not been so tight.", "The shoe runs a bit small.  I have narrow feet and this is a medium shoe and is not too wide.  I love the lightness.  The only thing that I don't like is the slits on the bottom of the sole.  If I walk through gravel, the gravel gets lodged into the slits on the heel area of the sole and I have to spend time pulling them out.  I'm afraid the gravel will scratch my floor so I have to be diligent about making sure they are pulled out.  Other than this, the shoe would be wonderful.", "Shoe showed up in brand new box like it came right from the store. Exactly what was in the picture.", "Very comfortable and stylish. I like to wear these when I know I'm going on long walks and long hikes.", "I usually wear 6.5-7 and had to get these in 7.5. Once I got the right fit, very happy with the performance and look of these running shoes. No more shin pain! The vendor was fast with shipping and delivery.", "I love these shoes!  I wear them everyday when I walk/run. Very light weight and so comfortable. I strongly recommend them.", "What a beautiful running shoes. So light and the colors are amazing. I wish i bought them sooner and not waited until xmas.", "Best sneakers I ever owned. And I get lots of compliments on the striking vibrant colors. They are light and flexible with enough support to make you feel you could run for miles. Which I did when I ran my first half marathon in them!", "Great shoes - very comfortable, great flexibility and enough cushioning to wear on the streets of NYC! and they look great.", "they are SOOOOO light, they look beautiful, my favourite pair of shoes ever. i want them in all colors!! good fit.", "I was hesitant about buying a pair of shoes for my wife online because I wasn't sure she would like the fit. Turns out she really loved the shoes. I earned quite a few &#34;brownie points&#34; with this choice.", "Love these shoes! Very comfortable and Nike+ sensor is a great workout guide! Get compliments on my shoes all the time.", "This is the second pair I have purchased. Great shoe with support for being on your feet all day. Has style for all ages.", "I tried these on in a store and thought they were so comfortable and liked the blue color. I decided to order on amazon.com and when I got them I thought the color was brighter than ones I have previously tried on in stores. Other than the color being a little too bright, these are very comfortable. The sole has alot of give which makes walking easy and enjoyable. Really like the shoes, just gave it a 4 star rating because of the color. A little hard to wear with jeans if you don't have the right top to go with this bright color.", "pro: very light weight.con: no cushioning under the &#34;ball&#34; of your foot or &#34;heel&#34;. Feel good as you walk around the house, but after 10 minutes of hitting the pavement, you notice your heels hurt, the ball of your foot starts to burn. There just is not enough cushion period.", "Nike Free Run+3 Womens Running Shoes Dark Grey/Reflective Silver  shoes are very light and comfortable, true to size. Design is very lovely.", "I recently had foot surgery and was looking for a new pair of running shoes for my new foot shape. These fit perfectly with know break in time or special lacing system. I'm buying a second pair as soon as I finish this review.", "I have a hard time finding good fit shoes for the box area of my feet because I run high on my balls of my feel...often bought shoes with more padding to help with the bruising...but this flex shoe with limited padding gives my feet all the freedom of a bare foot feel with no slipping or banging of my toes.", "I had a pair of the free run +2 and loved them. These are totally different. I have wide feet and the +2's were the best running shoe I've ever had. I ordered the +3's in the same size and they are just terrible. First of all, the tongue is not attached like the +2's which makes the shoe more bulky and rub against the top of your foot. The design also feels much narrower and has a coating on the outside which gives the shoe no stretch or give. I can barely walk in these let alone run in them. I even went to the athletic store to see if I needed a size larger, it didn't help the issue. Pretty sad. I think Nike missed the boat on this one.", "Very light shoes-love for summer as not all leather.  These do run small.  I bought a whole size larger.  Like the different colors Nike puts out", "Awesome shoes!!!Just choose a half size bigger and they will fit perfectly, you can even try them in a store before ordering the color you want ;) Super happy with my new shoes!!", "I wanted to get these shoes after I'd seen someone wearing them. They're comfy, but I ordered in the appropriate size and it was too small. That never happens!", "So far so good. Recovering from I T band injury and need the structure. Good toe box room. Great fit.", "These are good running shoes for someone with high arches who need extra support & room for your feet. There is enough room in the shoe to add my arch supports. The only problem I have with these shoes is that the sole seems to wear down on the ball of my foot quickly. I have to replace the shoes every 2-3 months when running three to four times a week.", "I ordered this for my husband and I really love it. Thank God it fits him perfectly and he likes it too.", "Great looking shoe, very comfortable, very light! Problem??? I have had these things less than a month, under normal wear i.e. wearing them to work in retail setting, these things squeak. Not sure if the air pocket was popped, although not sure how I could have been, i'm in a store not at a construction site. When I walk in these things I am embarrassed therefore I will not wear them again! What good is a great looking shoe if your embarrassed to wear it??", "ZAPATOS NIKE AIR ES LO MEJOR QUE HE COMPRADO EN CUANTO COMODIDA CONFOR EXCELENTE CALIDAD Y BUEN PRECIO TOTALMENTE NUEVO 100% RECOMENDADO ORIGINALES Y EL ENVIO FUE DE INMEDIATO Y TAL CUAL COMO SE VE EN LA FOTO. DESDE  GUARENAS VENEZUELA.", "i purchased this shoes for my husband for Christmas. he loves them and when he is not wearing the shoes he stores them in the box they can in...lol he is so protective of his new shoes", "These shoes keep up with my style of play, fast. Bought these about 7 months ago and I like them even more now because I adjusted to some of the initial foot problems, so very durable. The shoe may be tight for some which can result in a rub of the toes and cause blisters but I just doubled my socks (thick socks) and I was fine after that. Also, I don't know if it was the shoe causing my shin splints but when I would put these on and play a pick up game, my shins would burn. Now I play a warm up pick up game in my runnings shoes, stretch for a bit, put on the visi pro's and all is well. These shoes are a huge help for people who have weak ankles and have to defend quick players.", "I bought these for my son. He's told me they confortable and light when walking/playing. He's been wearing them very often since they arrived (like a month ago) and they still look fine...", "They are the most confortable shoes for everyday walking. And my feet as seen millage over the world. I will not recommand NIKE for runnig at my weight 215pds, but NIKE AIR will bring you confortably everywhere.", "This is my 3rd pair, they just fit great, and I like the stretch the material offers. The outside tab of rubber on the soles adds stability when cutting. Light weight, lasts a while. I wore my last ones down to bare rubber, and even down to the suede/leather material on the sides. The newer model of these comes with much thicker heavy material, much less give, and causes blisters on the outsides of my toes. Hate the new ones (IV's.) Trying to find more (III's) for sale.", "excellent product ideal for the practice of basketball, which is the sport that I practice. we'll see how long they will last.", "Soy amante al deporte a pesar de que los compre justo a la medida se siente super c&oacute;modos, este articulo es de un estilo semi casual, lo recomiendo", "Not only look and feel great but affordable. If you are looking for a good shoe to kick back in it's great too. Provides awesome ankle support", "The price and sneaker are both a great deal. The size was perfect and even had a little note from the owner about the purchase. Great attention to detail", "Amazing shies, so light...perfect , best relation price-quality.... recomended  . . . . . . . . . . .", "En realidad era lo que esperaba. Me quedaron muy bien. No ntengo mas nada que decir, solo que son buenos.", "I bought this pair of sneakers for my brother-in-law and I think they do look beautiful. They seem to be very resistant and comfortable.", "My grandson is wearing these and loving them.  His previous pair had been worn for over a year and I guess he would still be wearing them if they hadn't became too small.", "it doesnt looks as in pictures but anyway looks great and feels great now i think these shoes are overpriced but anyway how i said before they are just ok but $50 with shipping included could be better than pay $70... And if you are from central america or another place in workd and your size is 9 you must buy this in 8.5 size", "Buyer beware!  I purchased a pair from Amazon for $57+ shipping, but when I went back for a second pair the price was over $80, so I didn't buy. Maybe God was protecting me?? Penney's is 110 miles R/T away and they were out of these shoes on two trips, so I purchased from Amazon. Last week Penney's had them for $55, their usual price, with an MSRP posted of $60.I liked the shoes for the first 3 months, but the side/top suade material allows water to enter, thus soaking my socks while jogging across wet grass.  Using basketball shoes for jogging 5+ mi./day resolved an ankle problem 5 doctors were not able to for over 25 years.However, both shoes literally came apart after about 3 months or less! The soles separated from the shoe body. My only Nike's to ever have a problem in about 13 years.", "I bought these for my nephew and he loves them, he said they fit great and are comfortable,  they look awesome, liked better then other brands I looked at.", "Got these a week ago and have played a few nights of basketball with them, and I totally dig these shoes....  they are comfortable, fit nice, and took care of my feet.", "I love the shoes although they were too narrow and uncomfortable. I had to pass them on to someone else.", "The hole at the top was way too small to get my size 13 foot into the shoe, and I didn't want to halfway unlace and re-lace everytime I wore them. Not too impressed with apparent quality either, think I was probably paying more for the Nike name than basic quality.  So I returned them.", "Fit good and looks good. Nice every day shoes. I understand others saying it's hard to get a big foot into the little hole. It's ok though.", "I bought these shoes for Christmas and they arrived on time and exactly as pictured and described.  The are of good quality and hopefully will be exactly what my family member wanted.", "very nice and comfortable I recommend, are great for jogging and for everyday use of everyday, I recommend it to everyone who likes walking.", "arrived at the date indicated, are original and comes a little more limited as a means number guy, from there on out was very good buy", "Sleek and black. Nicely made shoe.  True to size. Hard to buy shoes on line and these fit really well. Shipping was fast and packaged well.", "they didnt even last 3 months of normal use. gel heels blew out through the bottom in 2 months and the stitching at the seems is now starting to fall apart. sadly this is the quality we have come to expect from nike. i had a pair of john wall season 2 encore reboks before this and would love another pair of them because at least they lasted 9 months for half the price...", "Bought this as a gift for my bf who absolutely loved it!  He mentioned how light (weight) it was when he wore them -- very comfortable and was able to move quickly when playing ball.", "I bought these and they are stiffer then I wanted to play in so I am using them for work. They run a little small.", "Get some gel inserts and these are perfect. The looks and fit were spot on. The construction seems pretty good after a few months of wear. The soles are a bit thin and my feet a bit sensitive. Gel inserts make it nice at this price.", "Which is why i sent it back for a size 10, which is what i buy for my running shoes.", "Well I got them for a gift but I liked that the shipping was on time ill let you know what I think when they use them they looked like good quality shoes thanks for asking", "The color of the shoes are true to the picture. Very comfortable to wear and I would recommend them to anyone.", "I have bought a few of the slip on sandals like this one, but the rubber insets massage your feet and the sandal material is shock absorbing and comfortable.", "This slipper was bought as a gift for a friend. Great fit, light weight, adjustable slipper that offers great comfort and true to size. Perfect for a man with swag. This slipper rocks with shorts...a cool, casual blend.", "MY HUSBAND LOVED THESE. HE HAD A VERY OLD PAIR THAT NEEDED REPLACING AND THESE DID THE JOB AND THEN SOME!", "The size is great fits as expected the strength is great the only issue is the white in the straps are not the same one is normal white shinny and the other is like a stained yellowish color almost ll", "Product arrives on time and met all of my expectations.  Was true to size and color was as shown in all I am very satisfied.", "Awesome boyfriend loved them ! It fit him perfect and it came as expected which is great that it did.", "I bought these for my son. They were delivered as expected. The shoes have wore well. They Clean up easy and wear well. He says they are comfortable.", "This is a must buy if your looking for a pair of slides that will support your feet!  Warning!!!! They do get dirty and stain easy", "This was a great gift and the color is cool with a comfortable fit and they are made of a tough rubber that will hopefully last", "These sandals fit great, but as expected get dirty quite easily.  For the most part they clean up really easily, but the material in the sole is harder to get white again.  They are quite stylish and comfortable and I would recommend this model of sandals, but it might be better to get them in a darker colour.", "Good quality, not quite what I was looking for.  They don't make these in white leather, so I am still looking.", "Bought this slippers for my husband. I got a little curious and tried them on and they were so comfortable!!! I kept sneeking off in them...lol. Sadly they are too big for my feet but I would definately recommend them to anyone. Male or female!!!", "These slides feel really good like when you try them on it doesn't feel right then 10 mins later it feels good they get dirty easy so be careful also the cleaning is pretty easy if you have a paper towel and some water you should be alright that works for me so if you don't want the white bottom where you put your feet on dirty don't step any where dirty then sweat with it sports are ok.", "I recieved my order in about 6 days, all the way to Japan.&#12288;The sandles were in perfect condition with the new shoe smell. I love how comfertable they feel on my feet. The Jordan Hydro 2 (white) stand out and look very cool. I will be buying the black and red sandles as well. Thanks.......Q.Thompson", "What can we say? Jordans - great sandals, great brand, ....yeah, great logo too! For teenagers, it's all about the logo - an 'original Jordan' logo", "these Jordan shoes are very comfortable.  They arrived before Christmas Day.  They are  much more comfortable than the Nikes....Perfect gift.", "Nike Men's NIKE JORDAN HYDRO 2 SLIDE SANDALSGreat sandals grandson loves them really comfy.His friends want to know where he got them we told them Amazon,com.", "Looks really nice and feels really good! It is really good just as good as it should be. I love it", "These slides are perfect!  My sone is a basketball player and he wanted them pretty bad!  He loves them and he looks good wearing them!", "Great fit and price! THESE ARE THE ATHLETE SLIPPERS YOU MUST WEAR TO SHOW-OFF YOUR &#34;JUST-DO-IT SWAG! LOVE THE WHITE AGAINST THE GRAY! A+++", "My son loves it. He said it is very comfortable and he enjoys wearing them.  it was a nice Christmas present.", "These were a special order for my granddaughter.  Because we had to order mens they ran a little big but she was still very happy with them.  Just what the grandchild wanted:-)", "It takes some breaking in and is kind of high-maintenance to keep clean and white but I think they are really stylish and comfortable once broken into. The bottoms aren't soft and cushiony like most Nike and Under Armour ones are.", "Pros:Amazing ankle support and rigid soles for support.  I play a mild recreational basketball tempo at a gym and I can tell you that cutting, jumping, and running are all with ease on these shoes.Awesome materials, very strong construction.Cons:Just have to adjust the laces so it is loose enough for your feet to slid on and off, if not it could be an ugly battle to where you might not win.  I have tried and been defeated many times.", "Bought it as a gift for someone and he really loved the style and color. Stated the fit was perfect so I'm really satisfied with these sneakers", "Well as soon as I saw the shoe box that's when I realized it wasn't new the box was all rip apart plus the shoes u can tell they've been abused badly since that was my first time purchasing stuff like this on line so when I went back to the site I saw two options choose from buying a used or new item I probably picked the the used one by mistake but now I know what to do", "Came on time love my shoes", "the shoes were everything i thought they would be fit is nice they are comfortable and i have gotten many compliments on them the 2 times ive worn them..", "I LOVE THESE SHOES THEY ARE THE ONLY SHOES THAT I WEAR AND WILL NEED A NEW PAIR BEFORE LONG.", "Exact size and fit. This isn't a first nike pair, so I knew the size to order. It was last minute Christmas gift and it got here right in time.", "Nike shoes were to tight a size 8 was really a size 7-1/2 to me so I returned them. sorry", "Shoes fit great, look good, and they're light as a feather. I've never been disappointed by nike products, and these definately prove my point", "They're light and are good to run in, but in the beginning they were really uncomfortable at the toe area. To me the pain is tolerable, but I can see why people can't tolerate the pain. The shoes are now somewhat broken in, but that slight discomfort is still present..", "Very light and comfortable shoe. My son likes the design and has had many compliments. He is very hard on his shoes and they are holding out very well.", "I have been buying these shoes for both of my sons for several years. They wear well and provide the structure they need for their running, working out, and overall wear.", "I bought these for my Son's Birthday (he loves Nike brand).  He says they are very comfortable and wear well.", "I truly do love these ACG boots.  Great color, (I love purple) and extremely durable.  I plan to use them all winter and then some.", "I was very happy with these sneakers.  They were a gift to my friend and he loves them.  feels very comfortable to walk in. thanks!", "It's a good shoes very comfortable. The kind material to make that make comfortable my foot.I can recommend with my friends.", "beautiful and very comfortable. i love the design so much. was not happy that the package was opened when i received it.", "cool colours.....feel a lil uncomfortable cos i chose half size lesser than my original size.my first online purchase tho.but they really ayt", "Hi, I had order this Nike Air Force 180 MID, for my Nephew, it arrived before the time stated, from California to The Bahamas, packaging was great, size was as requested & tracking was available. He Love it, Thx. Amazon & Shoezoo, for making this transaction a smooth one.", "I had no idea what size to get in this shoe so I just went a half size up from my normal size and it fits PERFECT.", "I wear a size 10 and I ordered a 10.5 and it fit like a 10. When I contacted them about it they said they didn't have a size 11 to exchange it for I suggest buying this shoe one size bigger than your usual as this is a narrow fit shoe. Never the less it came on time and was in perfect condition", "it is good, before i thought that it may not very good, but it was good after i wear it.", "This was a gift for a friend and was as expected.  Always been nervous in buying shoes from the web.  There are a lot of companies that try to sell cheap shoes.", "I love these shoes, the detail on this and support it gives my ankles. A little heavy for athletes that like to go faster but these keeps me stable.", "Muy seguro, muy buena compra!!!Magnifico de muy buena calidad, muy bonito los zapatos!estoy muy contento; una excelente compra!!!Excelente!!!", "My daughter pick these out as her bday gift. They came earlier than expected which was great because it was before her bday. She opened the box and immediately put them on. Although they fit somewhat big she still wears them everyday!", "I was a little skeptical at first but after a thorough inspection The sneakers were official, fit like a glove and I love them! Get them while they're hot!", "They're Nike's!No one else at school has them!They're &#34;old,&#34; so they're new!Buy them for yourself or your child!", "Ok so I've been wanting these barkleys for a while actually the 1984 Olympic joints but had to settle for these thought I had made a great purchase turns out I didn't I've worn these shoes 3x the 1st time jus to try them on and now the red and white speckled part by the sole is peeling for what reason idk also ima woman who loves sneakers so I pretty much baby them overall I feel like these shoes aren't authentic I wish I could put a picture here so you can see", "Great shoe!! I love the sneaker. It does fit a little narrow but other than that it's a beautiful find.", "I ordered these for my son and after I ordered - was concerned that they might be fakes.  I ordered next day shipping and they arrived the next business day - no problems at all.  My son did a thorough inspection and told me they were the real thing! He loves them.  This is a great seller and I highly recommend them to anyone.", "I purchased these for my nephew. he loves them. they are great quality and he says they are pretty comfortable.", "I'm in love with these shoes! They are 100% real amd fit perfectly. I get alot of compliments on these every time i wear them.Delivery- Delivered by DHL. I was hardly able to track them. Arrived a day after the earliest delivery estimate (due to the midwest snow storm, our city (Detroit) shut down the post office and waste collection for about 2 days).Packaging- Came in an amazon bag with a regular Nike shoe box (a little beat up, but shoes were brand new). Receipts under the shoes.Product- Like I said, I love these. What you see is what you get, and you most likely will NOT be disappointed.", "At the beginning I was skeptical it was going to be fake and oversized because I didn't really trust online shopping but they came in on-time, fitt perfectly and were original! I love them! I recommend these services for everyone..", "These are comfortable shoes and stylish. Wearing them is like walking on air.  Size was true to what I normally wear.", "These are probably the best and most comfortbable air max I have owned, perfect for running or just casual wear-Love!!", "I love the color, they recently came out with a new color also that isnt half bad.  This color goes with a lot of clothing and the design is very basic but elegant in one.  Get these if you can on sale.!  Authentic from merchant.", "The colors are depicted are exactly the colors on the shoe. The material feels more like a pho leather now, not as high quality as they used to, but good looking none the less.", "Beware the item has two sets of pictures.I had clicked and ordered the one with the black nike check mark but instead received the one with the solid white check instead.Kind of misleading.Shipping was fast.I guess thats what I get for ordering shoes online.", "Came really fast in the mail!!Also, perfect fit, color, quality, and style!My husband absolutley loved them!the color is very vibrant!", "nice is for my brother giftgood pricei like the price and colorI recommend this chosethanksi", "This shoe is perfect for working out in.  It has great arch and heal support.  If you are also looking for a light weight shoe this it it!  I would highly recommend it to anyone who is looking for a versatile athletic shoe that is truly comfortable to wear.", "Men's Nike Shox Turbo-The shoes were as described and arrived before expected date. My husband loves these shoes! He says they're the most comfortable pair he's owned.", "These things are garbage fakes.I ordered these a month later the shoes starting bursting at the seems.They tell me oh that is normal wear and tear you need to go through nike.Hello! i can't send back fake garbage that your selling.As of today, 12-22-12 the soles are coming apart.I've had LEGIt nikes last me years and these only lasted a few months", "Been wearing these for several years now.  Great support and wear well.  I use them not only for running, but everyday wear as well.", "Very disappointed in this shoe design. Toes went right through the top of shoe immediately. Would not buy turbos again. NZ seem to have better design.", "He may not exactly be an athlete, but he sure looks cool.  The shoes fit nicely and look very sleek.  Hubby struts around in them (and he looks cute doing it!).", "My husband loves the color, and they're Nike; what could be better for him! They are also good running shoes, and they are Nike Shox.", "this shoes are an excellent choise. great colour. no more to say. . . . . . . . .", "Item came home in two days with prime. Those shox are little harder than I expected. May be I should try them few days to get a feel :). Satisfied.", "First the seller was fantastic but the the size 10 was a bit tight for me although 10 was my actual size. I feel with time it will expand. So I advise any size 10 to order ten and half.Except for that,the shoe was okay.", "Great support, perfect for walking around or cross training at the gym! Already planning on ordering in other colors! Great service, highly recommend.", "I thought these were real nike shoes, due to the expensive prices. I was wrong. They are made of cheap materials and a lot of the items on the shoes are glued instead of switched. Don't buy shoes from this company. I run at least twenty miles a week and these shoes started to break down after one week. Save your money and go to the store. They have glue marks all over the shoes. Nike's Quality control would not allow this. They are fakes. I go through these nike shox about every four months, these shoes didn't even last a good week. Please if you are buying these shoes to save money you will be dissappointed, because they dont feel like nikes and if you look at these shoes they are not real nikes.", "I typically don't like ordering shoes online, but I have yet to be disappointed with Nike Shox.  They fit my foot exactly right and feel great.  I'm a Georgia Bulldog fan also, and the colors on these are great for game days.  If you have bought Shox before, these fit exactly like the ones you already have so you can feel safe in ordering the size that you currently wear for Nike Shox.", "My son loved these shoes. They are true to size. Very sporty. As usual, high quality from a high quality company. You get what you pay for with these shoes.", "These shoes look great on the recipient and he says they are typically Nike comfortable.  I was happy about how quickly I received them after ordering.", "To start, I haven't actually ran in these yet. I work in a rehabilitation clinic and needed something more comfortable than dress shoes since I was on my feet the entire day.My only complaint is that they are a little narrow in the heel. It's not uncomfortable, just something I'm aware of the first few minutes of wearing them. It has diminished in the past week as I am breaking them in.I also recommend you try these on at a local store before buying them online. As reviews on other sites have stated, the Nike sizing can vary a lot depending on the style. I was a full size over what the sizing chart recommended.They look great. I can wear these in a professional medical setting and they will not draw attention and keep me comfortable throughout the day.A good purchase so far.", "money well spent!! I have enjoyed the shoes, very comfortable and good shoes to run in. size was a perfect fit.", "the show overall is good.. but the nike sensor does not work. Makes me doubt if its original. But so far, it works for all", "excellent fit!, looks great, everybody on my works tell me you're shoes are amazing, love that!! Thanks nike, thanks Amazon!!! You made my week!!!!", "These shoes are the best. They really help since I have had my major knee surgery. Thank you for the shoes.", "The outer material is unique(rubber) and they mesh breaths well.  Very Comfortable and what you would expect from a pair of SHOX.", "I am over weigth and start running on 5K runns an this one are the best on the !st run I recude my time by almops 2 min", "I wear these for work and they're excellent. They keep me moving during a long day. I rate these five stars.", "These are good fitting and comfortable shoes.  I have a feeling that these shoes are going to last me a very long time.", "Great running shoe, first pair of Nikes I&#8217;ve ever owned. Will mention if you&#8217;re not use to running with that much of a forward stance your calve muscles are in for a surprise.", "I love this shoes, It's nice and I going to use every time because is confortable and look good for me. I select this punctuation because shoes are as shown in the publication.", "I like it but the product did not satisfy us as much for the price we paid. Hope you guys lower the price a little", "Bought these to replace the SAME shoes my husband had. They seem more plastic-y, cheaper made. The &#34;plastic or rubber&#34; part that was sewn on before is now &#34;painted&#34; on rubber? The nike stripe is painted on as well. For $100 bucks I expected better, especially from Nike.", "I LOVE SHOX! I was having a terrible time locating some new shox. But then I though duh! Amazon! I wear a 81/2 or 9 in womens so I took  a chance at the 7 in mens. Im glad I did! They were a tiny bit snug when I first put them on but after wearing them about 3 times they fit perfectly! I wear them at least twice a week and they still look brand new and feel great!", "These shoes are made out of garbage. I have them for less than 3 months and they have ripped at the seams and nothing can be done to fix it. They are pure junk. do not buy them!", "Big fan of Nike Shox!  I was a little concerned how they would look since I was buying online, loved them.  They were a gift for my oldest son and he loved them too.  Fit nice, good construction and look great on.  Very happy with this buy!!!!", "Got these for my brother for Christmas.  He always wears a size 10, but he couldn't fit into them.  So we returned them and reordered a size 11 and they fit good.", "I think they are ugly but my husband will love them.He wanted these for Christmas, so I hope these fit", "Brilliant really love them, absolutely perfect trainers. Thought the shockers were going to be to solid, after afew work outs they became perfect.Quick fast safe secured shipping.", "Well I got them two days ago and ran in them for the first time yesterday. There was some slight discomfort and rubbing to the top of my big toe. But I think that will go away after breaking them in a little bit more. I would buy this product again.", "Product was perfect and much cheaper than in the store.  Glad I made the purchase and got what I wanted", "THIS SHOES ARE NOT CHEAP CONSIDERING THAT HAVE TO BE SHIPPED TO ECUADOR. HOWEVER MY FRIEND WHO WAS THE ONE BUYING IT LOVE THE NIKE BRAND AND ONCE HE PUT THEM ON JUST TELL ME \"PAL THESE SHOES ARE REALLY CONFORTABLE\"", "i passed up on this sneaker when it first came out awhile ago. i was shock that i found them on amazon! i had already had this sneaker in a different color way so i love how they fit, its a snug on the first time but it fits great after that. i really like how the black and crimson on this model q", "Waiting until summer to wear these shoes. Some scratches on the purple and oranage part but other then that it's a great buy. Everyone i've shown them to want them.", "What I was looking for  nice fit my husband loves them order the nike air max boots for him next", "I bought these &#34;boots&#34; for my son ( kid's just wont wear boots) and he LOVES them. They are stylish and do the job.", "Ok. Size is ok, but only on the fingers is litle bit tight, but, i think because are new.Color is awsome, size is original, lightweith, but strong, very good on the legs, i like realy this Nike :-). I hope i will order another paar of this boots. Waterproof, material is great, outsole soft...pure 10 points :-).And...order is comming very feast, eveen i order to Afghanistan USMC base :-).", "My son was satisfied with these shoes. The shoes matched the outfit that he had very Well. It was the perfect color.", "I purchase many thing on amazon this one thing I didn't.There isn't a person I even know that can fit a men or women 10.I don't know how this got on my purchase history.", "Good quality & fit. My college son wears them every day as we walks across the campus in Madison.Loves them!", "Perfect fit and super cool looking. Love that they are water proof and have super traction on wet pavement as well.", "The product arrive well before the expected delivery date.  These boots are awesome.  They fit true to size for a boot and are some of the most comfortable boots I have ever worn.  I was a little worried that they would not be sufficient for snow, but they stand up to the elements.  I would order again from this seller no problem.", "Wasn't what I expected in the Nike Boot. Doesn't fit as well as the other Nike Boots Will not order this type pf boot again", "For my son. He stopped wearing his other shoes for the last month. Apparently he likes them. Seem to me to be well built and overpriced.", "i liked the shoes they have great style and are very soft i just got done playing my hole year of basketball in them and it always felt good to play my games in them and now i use them for P.E at school", "My son runs 6th grade cross country but still takes a size 3 kids shoe.  We tried the best kids shoes we could find (Saucony Kinvara, New balance) and they all resulted in heel/Achilles pain as well as terrible durability.  Children's shoes are just not made of the same quality even if it is the same make/model as adult shoes.  He pretty much had to quite running until I finally found a women's size 5..which to my surprise is quite rare.  The Pegasus had a good reputation and has lived up to it.  His heel pain vanished after about two runs in the Pegasus.  The shoe also has excellent support and traction for running on grass and trails.  The Pegasus also comes in the smaller sizes and a variety of colors making it a strong option for both boys and girls looking for a quality shoe.  I was a bit nervous about the seller as I it was not coming from Amazon directly, but the shoes were new, arrived promptly and at a great price.", "This shoe is great.Great cushion for every stride.Nike+ only makes it better.", "I bought them solely because they match the US Navy new PT gear, but I was surprised at how comfortable but supportive they were during workouts! HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!", "Nice quality.  My son was very happy  with them.  They fit nice.  In new box just as expected. Would do more business  with.", "Fast shipping and just as the picture! As a gift for my brother, I can tell you he was extremely pleased!!! Thank you!", "Item was delivered when promised. Item was exactly what we ordered. And I was a little concerned since once the order was placed the picture of item changed. The picture now associated with the purchase was not what was ordered or shipped. Glad the glitch did not effect my order; )", "Nice navy blue color that goes with everything.  My son loves them, says they are comfortable and loves to run in them.", "I was hesitant about purchasing shoes online for a holiday present. These arrived in great shape, brand-new, and in such awesome colors. I'm 100% certain the recipient of this gift will love it!", "Ive owned shox since I was 25. now that I am almost 40 I will still never own another kind. Shox are the best for your feet. I am a firm believer of this style and brand 110%. They feel really comfortable on your feet, and kind of give you a bounce back when you are running long distances.", "This sneaker fits better than all the other Shox I have in my possession. The gray ensures that it can match with any color of causal wear.Sweet!!!!", "It really comfortable and look niceship fast just in 3 days after I ordered it from UTAL to CALIFORNIA", "I have had two pair of Lunarglides which are now my go to running shoe.  These seem a bit snug.  The design and colors are awesome, though, and I will continue on working to break these in.", "Love the colour and pattern of these runners, and the pink highlights means they will go with more outfitsVery comfortable during work outs", "These 'Oncore High Skate Shoes' by Nike are both stylish and comfortable.  This high-top is designed for skateboarding - it gives great ankle support and is cushioned with Nike's 'Zoom Air Unit'.  With this in mind, I bought these sneakers primarily for street wear.PROS:These are 'crazy comfortable' shoes!The black with dark gray colorway looks great with jeans.Built tough, these Nike have a leather suede/nubuck upper with mesh tongue for breathability.The Nike 6.0 Oncore High's temperature technology fabric really works!  It keeps my feet comfortably cool.  Goodbye tired (and smelly) feet :))The 'Medium Width' sizing allows extra comfort for my wider feet - no more bruised toes!Shipped with an extra pair of grey laces. I prefer these - they enhance the sneakers black and dark gray colorway.CONS:No harm in asking for a better pricing! :))Taking into consideration pricing, comfort and style, these Nike sneakers are a great buy.  Whether it's casual wear or the occasional game of street ball, these 'Oncore High Skate Shoes' deliver!RECOMMENDED: You may also like this 'Nike 6.0 Air Zoom Oncore High' in the more stylish colorway - Cool Gray/Blue Print-DP-Burgundy-White.", "(NEW!)Label this review so customers know you purchased this item at Amazon.Learn more  Also label your reviews for other items purchased at Amazon.Receive e-mail when customers comment on your reviews.", "I brought the shoes for my grandson.  He 13 and he loves the shoes. All his friends like them too. He's over joyed.", "These shoes are the most comfortable fitting and feeling shoes I've ever owned for walking and running. they were comfortable right from the very start. I now have 2 pairs. I use one for my walking /running, and one for work as a Registered nurse.", "If running is your thing, this is the shoe! One of the best running shoes ever. Congratulations Nike. I have always considered Asics the best brand for running shoes, but Nike has now reached its best!Have just run a half marathon with them and felt really comfortable.", "I wish they were still making the 3.  The 4 is not nearly as comfortable.  It's still a good shoe.  But it's not a great shoe.  I have foot problems and they're just not quite soft and padded enough to keep all pain away.  With the 3s my feet NEVER hurt.  Here's hoping Nike might listen and go back to the Vomero 3.", "A little big, but room to grow. Very comfortable.", "excellent. I use daily my Nike's, they are to confortable. excelent product. I don't have more comments about this product", "I bought these shoes for my sister for her birthday. She loves them and said they are so stylish with her cloths. (She is a big shoe freak) I loved the fact that amazon delivered them to her door and have gift options for people who order. My sister lives 3 states away and it was so helpful to be able to do that option instead of sending it to my house, then me wrapping it and mailing it to her. I only had to pay one shipping and was able to get the gift to her on time thanks to Amazon!", "The price was great, the shoes fit great and look nice.  They are comfortable and he likes that he can wear them with multiple outfits.", "My kids love this shoe but it was gray and not black. But works well for school they both love it.", "I love the colors of my shoes and they are very comfortable but the air pocket in my right shoe has sprung a leak. This occured through normal wear, not from heavy running or extreme workouts and it happened after only a month or two. I still wear them and don't really notice that much of a comfort difference but they make some squealing noise when air is released from my busted shoe.", "Great quality.  Fit comfy and great for soccer. The color is bright and fashionable. Would love other colors.  Would recommend to any soccer player.", "I am very satisfied with the product however the picture used in this rating is an inaccurate representation of what the product actually looks like.", "These Air Max fit just fine.  My foot is a little narrow.  Some shoes I have tried pull away at the heel, because they are cut wider.  Not so with these.  However, these are not as soft underfoot as the Air Max Bowerman Series that I own.  I will continue to buy Nike because of the fit.  I volunteer at a school with inner-city kids.  They think my shoes are cool!", "Super stylish retro kicks, and not too bad on the comfort side. If you're looking for a high quality running shoe, this is probably isn't it. But if you want a fairly comfy, stylish casual shoe that looks great with jeans, then this may be for you.", "I love the Nike Turbo style shoes and I hope they continue to make them for a long time. I use them for working out at the gym and power walking. Because feet swell when doing vigorous exercising, I always order a half size larger than I typically wear. They have excellent support and I hope to get many miles out of them.", "I had already a pair of Equalon... since those were already bad I decided to go for a ones. I have never feel such comfort in shoes...You feel like you are flying with the shoes. Good cushioning, nice colors, good ventilation and you have the Nike+ tech.Highly recommended if you are a pronator", "I love them.I use them for work and for working out and yet no signs of wear and tear.They are really comfortable.", "They are so comfortable and cute with jean's. I have two pair's in different color's and love them. Fit perfect. Would highly recomend!", "was very nice with fast shippment, It was a resonable price and it caught me eye immediatly. The item was great the item fits great.", "My husband wanted an all blue Air force ones, but that is like finding good gold, so when i saw this white/blue one it looked perfect.So thanks to amazon for showing me other option.", "I am a huge fan of Nike AF One and those shoes are just dope! Very unusual but still the classic AF1 look.", "I have had this shoe before and I loved it. It lasted me three years through college and was the most comfortable shoe I ever owned, so I was excited when I found it again.The problem is the shoe is already falling apart as the seams on the top of shoe have come a part and the heel on one of the shoes has started to separate from the sole of the shoe. I have only had the shoes for about 3 months.The shoes are still extremely comfortable,but I am repairing them with super glue every other week.", "My daughter ordered these and they were the wrong size! Not any fault of Amazon or the supplier. My daughter is not going to be ordering online unsupervised anymore.", "These as Nike says about the Presto, \"fit like a t-shirt\". Only these are half dunks/ half presto...which means they are made from the same material as Presto's but in the Dunk format. Quite awesome.", "Bought these to wear to work as I am in Law Enforcement. They are lightweight for a boot of this nature and comfortable. Great traction and sturdily constructed. Also look nice as well.", "The material that these shoes are made of is much different but I love because they are very easy to clean. But if your feet gets hot real fast. These shoes aren't for you because there is no ventilation.", "very hard bad for your feet, like standing on hard floor and fake item. not happy with them at all and paying to much money not worth the price could get much better shous for that price.", "I'm wearing out my 5th pair of these shoes.  I play lots of tennis and this is the best shoe I've found for support.  If I wear anything else, it feels like I'm pounding the heck out of my joints.  They're also very stable.  I've always had a tendency to twisting my ankles, but these shoes give a lot of stability! Knock on wood, but I haven't twisted my ankles since I've worn them. I'm sad that Nike is discontinuing these shoes, so I'm buying a couple pairs to stock up!", "Love these shoes!I play A LOT of tennis and would highly recommend these.Comfortable and durability as qualities, can't go wrong.", "I've worn out two pairs of this shoe for the past 5 years.  This is by far my favorite tennis shoes.  The shoe body is in \"sock\" style so it'll wrap around your feet tightly. The sole has very \"bouncy\" cushion support.  It feels wonderful hopping and running across the court in them.  They are also very light (lighter than other Nike women's tennis shoes). Although it feels true to size in general, I've felt slight difference (probably within margin of error visually but definitely different when wearing) in my two pairs of size 9s. Ideally you should try on the shoe in store and buy the pair that is most comfortable. I wash them in the washing machine and leave them to air dry.  I think using hot water is fine but be careful not to soak them for too long or spin too hard for the not-too-new shoes. I probably destroyed my last pair more quickly than I planned having washed them in very hot water - the glue at the front of the shoe holding the bottom came off.  I will definitely recommend this to anyone who wants maximum cushioning and runs a lot on the court.", "These nike blazer mid has great color and fabric. The size is true. But the first few times I wore these shoes, my feet hurt... After a couple times of wearing, I feel great!", "I bought a pair of sneakers from Amazon.com here in Brazil... The shoes is really good, I have some pairs of this brand. The price in the US is good, seeing that in Brazil it costs more than US 300.00... the unique problem is that customs in Brazil charge 60% over a specific price put by the Brazilian Government and not by the seller. The item arrieved before the time put by Amazon.com. Excelent!", "I have always been a Nike shox kind of guy and these by far are the best I have bought. They are very sharp and comfortable. I would definatly recommend them.", "Los compr&eacute;, los estoy usando son lo m&aacute;ximo. Llegaron muy r&aacute;pido estoy muy contento con el servicio.", "Loved the shoes, Blazer rock! As expected the shoes fit and was enjoyed by the good daughter for school. awesome find!", "One of the best forces I've ever bought before, and the material used is durable. Style is cool, also like that the shoe came with another color shoe strings.", "1.21 Giggawatts!!!!!I bought these shoes for my Marty McFly costume last halloween. It was as close to the Nike Bruins as you can get in 2010.Aside from that, they were extremely comfortable and allowed for very safe time travel.Although, in 1885... the towns people didn't really understand what they were. They kept calling them Knee-Kays. I'm sure they'll figure it out eventually.", "It is a very comfortable and nice shoes, also have a very nice style. Its design is excellent and striking. I recommend it to people who like the convenience.", "I have always worn nike shoes. I am a loyal buyer of nike shoes. This however is the worst nike shoe I have ever purchased. Not only is the shoe like paper thin, but the shoe is so narrow I almost broke my foot putting it on. I have never been so unhappy with a shoe ever, And I have purchased some cheap shoes in my day. But these take the cake.", "It is a very comfortable and nice shoes, also have a very nice style. Its design is excellent and striking. I recommend it to people who like the convenience. Arrived right on time and fit great", "This shoe runs very small, I purchased a size 11 but like everything made in Indonesia, China, and Vietnam, they are made by small people for small people. I had to give them to my nephew who wears a 9 1/2 and they fit perfect. Order a larger size!", "These shoes are very comfortable, the foot feels very secure and stable in it. Only the size is a little tight.", "Great shoes  loved them the color was awesome matched with most of my clothes comfortable shoes and will do business again", "I REALLY LIKE  THIS SHOE I WILL BUY AGAIN IN THE NEAR FUTURE REALLY COMFORTABLE AND FITS REALLY GOOD YOU HAVE TO TRY THEM", "Very comfortable shoes, fits perfect, also fast delivery.  7 1/2 and 8 in women, which is size 6 and 6 1/2 in men. went with a six, and can never feel them on my feet, forget i'm walking with them.  struggle between size Was asked before my shoes were sent out what size I was to make sure the right size was sent,  which is an extra step to make sure there wasn't any mix-up.  Would definitely buy from this seller again.", "They are very comfortable and fit well to the foot. I have always used this brand and I was not surprised by the way they fit and they way they feel to my foot. I recommend this brand this kind of shoe to everyone.", "I've gotten more complements on this shoe than almost any other pair I own... and I have a lot of shoes", "Love the shoe. Of course the air max is usually narrow.  My feet are narrow.  So it fits perfectly for me. Fits true to size.  Great shoe all around", "For the price of these Nike shoes, I am somewhat disappointed in the product.Although I can't really say there is anything wrong with the shoes, they just don't feelcomfortable as my other (less expensive) Nike &#34;Air Monarchs&#34; and so the new shoesremain in the closet for now and my feet are currently wrapped in the comfort of my oldNikes. Too bad, I expected more...", "The shoes are well worth the money. My feet feel great after a full day at work. I am 55 years old the kids think it is funny that I choose to sport the younger generation's shoe style but they are comfortable", "I found these particular sneakers better looking in person than I had hoped. I absolutely love them. Very comfortable and the color combination gets compliments everywhere I go. The quality of customer service was excellent, I intent to continue buying from FITSnKICKZ", "The look an the feat and the convenience that's what's keeps me coming back to hsn the big plus is flex pay", "I purchased them for my husband as a valentines day gift because he wanted the infrareds. He loves them even tho they are not the infrareds!!!!", "theses shoes are really comfortable", "Have other pairs of Nike Air Max 90s so I know how they feel and fit. Very comfortable shoe. Awesome color also.", "my son so love his sneakers, its fit him perfect, exactly as shown on the net, I am look to get another in a different color.", "super comfortable and every one loves them because of the colors. fits to size. I'm a 10.5 US. Fits snug.", "Came as promised, on time and as expected. Wanted to keep them but the toe box was too narrow for use a comfortable walking shoe.", "Look great fit great. Son has received several compliments. Very satisfied. First time ordering sneakers online for my son and I am very pleased.", "Those are very fancy comfortable and fit. My grandson loves Nike.", "This is a nice pair of Air Max shoes. The only problem here is that it is not available in a slightly bigger size like 15.5 which would have been pretty perfect for me, but then again I have really big feet. They look great and come in a variety of colors. The blue actually looks a lot better than it does in the product photograph. If you are used to wearing 15.5 or 16 then this is not for you, unless you are patient enough to wear them until they stretch out a bit, which is what I will be doing.", "I love Nike Air Max 90's. They are true to size, extremely comfortable, and durable. These shoes are the real deal and came brand new.", "Awesome shoes", "I have owned many nike sneakers but I find this very comfortable. It's good to walk on snows and also in the summer. I will shop more from the buyer in the future", "I love those shoes ar&eacute; my prefered, some time I has proved others but no those are The best Of all, Thanks", "I thought this was a shoe more on d grey side but It is more on d brown n beige side wen I saw it in real. other than dat came swifty n its good", "Fits to size.The color scheme perfect.Feels good on the foot and has lots of support.I was a bit skeptic about the store these were coming from but the shoe is legit!Definitely recommend getting these shoes as the Air Max  90 LONDON QS are limited editions.", "Fit perfectly. Fast delivery.", "these Nikes are not comfortable at all these Nikes hurt my foot these Nikes is the worst ever save your money on the shoes", "Because I love the shoes and I want another pair but the price went up. But I'm still searching for another pair", "fits comfortable but  not quite sure if the seller sells authentic because the base of the sneaker i got is yellowish. Makes the sneaker look old!", "The shoe fits very nice and very comfortable. The color was catching and the price was very right. I will be ordering again real soon", "getting ready for a new purchase i love nike air max in all productsast and safe!! Thank you 100 % recoment.", "love the shoes, thought the color would be more red than they turned out to be.", "I have always had tight achilles tendons and sometimes plantar fasciitis as a result.  I am 61 years old and the problems with my feet have gotten worse in recent years.  My feet are finally starting to feel better after using these shoes.  I can run four miles in these shoes and my feet won't hurt the next day or even the evening of the day of the run, unlike with other shoes.  I can do a little more high impact in aerobics class and not have my feet hurting following class.  I don't know how much is the shoes and how much is my finally following a stretching routine religiously, but I bought three pairs of these and I basically don't wear any other shoe now if I can avoid it.  Also they are just more comfortable than any other shoe I have ever run or worked out in.  Don't know how they will hold up on longer runs but at least I believe I'll finally be able to do some longer runs again.", "Works as advertised. Get the benefits of running barefoot without having to actually run barefoot. Very comfortable, flexible, and lightweight shoe.", "I was out for an entire year with Plantar Fasciitis.  My PT recommended the Zoom Structure. I wore them for a few months and will never wear another shoe.  I bought this pair for my son who does XC and also suffered from PF.  These shoes made all the difference.  Highly, highly recommended for runners who pronate!", "I received a pair of these and they had globs of glue all over them. I had to return them and decided not to do an exchange because they were too big to begin with.", "the shoes my son likes best. They are light and comfortable for everyday use. For running, walking, and playing sports with friends.", "This sandal feels comfortable at first, but after wearing for 30-60 minutes per day for a few weeks, resulted in foot pain in my arch.Also there's a ridge around the heel area that's very uncomfortable if your heel doesn't always stay in the center of the sandal.", "These shoes are awesome out of the box. They fit great, look great, and most importantly feel great. But, for shoes made by a company like Nike and at a price around $100, these shoes should last at least some amount of time. I have had mine now for about two months and I do run in them (they are running shoes) and multiple different areas of the shoes are comning apart. The bottom rubber on the shoe is peeling off in multiple spots and I had to get super glue to get it to stay on. Some of the seams holding the part of the shoe that connects the shoe lace part of the shoe is coming undone and it is only a matter of time before they may be less usable. Overall, I like the shoes because Nike Shox are awesome, but I have had Shox before that did not fall apart like these.", "I had foot pain playing basketball until I replaced my new balance shoes with these.  Now my feet don't hurt. Also they have a nice velcro thing that tucks away the shoe laces.", "If you are an old school nike person like me, then these are a must. I have nine pair of nikes and these are by far the coolest. they get complaments everywhere I go. If you are considering them, stop and just get em.", "These are hands down the most comfortable running shoes I have ever known! I have recommended these to every runner I know. These shoes are a sure thing", "Yellowish color on the base of both shoes. It looks horrible! Like somebody urinated on them before placing them in the shoebox.  I truly cannot believe this seller, TheKickShop, allowed this defective product to leave their establishment. I'm truly disappointed and will NOT order from them again.", "These shoes are perfect for sprinting. The price was excellent and they lasted the whole season. No need to buy another pair next year", "Even we the blessed ones that have money too burn!! These prices are way to extreme for anybody's budget. For anyone that cares do not buy Air Jordan from here period end of discussion there are a few sites that i have bought my shoes/Air jordans from & never here because these people think that the majority people that purchase air jordans are dumb & are willing to pay anything because they are air jordan crazy lol & some people are just that coo coo when it comes to these products & some people take advantage of that fact. I pay about &75 to 100$ for mine never a cent more one of my site are as follows [...] I challenge anyone to check it out & you can thank me later!!!! Why i am doing this is because i care.........(:(:", "Not sure if these were 100% realAfter I wore them a few times they looked funny think they're great replicas", "I had these shoes back when I was in middle school and I just had to buy it again to get them back. Great authentic Jordan shoes. I didn't have any problems, fast shipping and I would recommend buying from here.", "This is one of the great Jordans to have in retro collection. Good fit and comfy. Nicely detailed and really well made. A must have for a collection.", "CUS THEY ARE DIFF  GOTTA PAY CLOSE ATT TO WHAT S ON YOUR FEET , AND WHEN THEY SEE ......", "My son plays basketball everyday. The last pair wore put slow, 3 years. The investment in his enjoyment is worth it.", "Honestly, the only reason why I am not giving this shoe five stars is because it is very expensive and I think that at a certain point the pricing on a synthetic show becomes a bit overboard. At the same time, this is the best fitting sneaker i have ever owned! it feels as good as it looks and I swear i have been scoring more points then I have in years. Get them!", "As promised did not mind paying the extra dough,  very good quality and the size was as requested.  Thank You.", "Since purchasing these shoes I have been getting women pregnant and leaving them. I've developed a taste for Hennessy and malt liquor. I am able to out run the police on foot. I have this amazing ability to slam dunk a basketball (I'm only 5'1.) These are the greatest shoes eva..ever..sorry. I gots to go now. Holla!!!", "Although a day late, they redeemed themselves by delivering on a Saturday!  Fit perfect.  I love to dress me and my toddler alike.  Perfect and timeless shoe.", "Nothing bests a new pair of Uptowns.. Classic style & look for all generations.. Enjoy a fresh pair if icy whites :-)", "I was a bit worried because I got this shoe for myself, and I'm 22 years old and normally wear womens US 6 but i could not got my hands on these shoes in womens (sold out everywhere!) therefore i got 4.5 US in kids. I received the shoes 10 mins ago and I am so glad that they fit PERFECTLY. They are not tight nor loose. The perfect fit ever. I would recommend it to everyone!", "White on white classics! This shoe never goes out of style. They are very comfortable and match everything! A must have for the summer. Good packaging and fast delivery.", "These shoes are a great price. I'm actually 16 and where a size 7 in women's but I ordered a size 6.5 in boys, and they fit perfect! Excellent shape", "When I order this product, it stated white/white. However, once I received, it was not the color I order and was not authentic.", "It was wonderful shopping from my home computer. The shoes was a great fit for my child. Thanks a million!", "We are very happy with these shoes. My son loves these shoes. They fit perfectly and were as perfect as we expected.", "It looks,fits, and smells like a sneaker... it must be a sneaker.  I wonder how old the child was and what country the child was in that made this shoe, as well as how much were they paid?", "Bought this for a friend of mine teenage daughter and she absolutely loved them.  I was a bit concerned about the sizing but they were absolutely perfect!!!", "It is heavier than the normal shoe style but I just really like the Nike Free +2 shoe style.  I wish Nike would bring it back.", "Where was this style all these years!!!! the comfort is amazing. There is plenty of room around the toes. my biggest gripe is that nike runs narrow, but not this style. although it is not a WIDe shoe size, it is far from narrow and give nice room around the wide part of the foot.. this is not a shoe for those who like a snug fit. the color is cool and different and the picture reflects the actual color perfectly,", "This shoes are very very original and good to buy, only one thing, you must order it half size or one size bigger because due to the multiples belts to tie the shoes is a little uncomfortable to wear the right size, beside that everything is great", "This Shoes Are Stylist and Comfortable! ......Only Thang I Should Have Got Them A Half Size Smaller!......Other Than That Great Shoe!  :~)", "Not for competitive ball. Too heavy to run or jump in.  Shoes Look nice but def not a player's shoe.", "I have been ordering shoes for my kids from Amazon for the past 7 years, always we get what we order and never had any issues. This makes my kids happy.", "Shoes fit perfectly. I'm always skeptical but these worked out great. The color is just as shown, shipping was on time, i have no complaints about this product at all!", "F", "I brought these sneakers 5 years ago, and I still get compliments. Don't sleep on these. Never saw anyone rock these yet.", "This sneakers are AMAZING. I have been using the for 2 weeks now.Going to the gym and running with them. You have to use this things to know what it feels like.You have not wore real sneakers until you have one of these. It's like flying.Most comfortable sneakers I have ever had. And this comes from a US size 14 man. lolNot easy to find comfortable shoes for my big feet. But these ones do the job. Just love them.", "I will never order from this company Tilly's ever again and you shouldnt either if you are military or any other person living overseas.", "don't fix me", "I choose this shoes because my son is too much active, love sports and he is usually running everywhere.  This shoes are comfortable and tough enough.", "I began coaching my son's t-ball team and did not want to wear my softball cleats, so the AIr Diamond Trainer is a perfect solution.  They have the 'baseball ready' look and are very comfortable.", "Good The shoes look good. The colors are great for a women. I liked this shoes to my girlfriend. T", "in the picture the top part of the shoe look like breathable mesh but when I received them they looked like all pleather. they looked like knock offs to me. I sent them back for a full refund.", "I have bought many pairs of shox's size 6 and they have never fit so snug as these do I kept them but they are tight!", "The delivery was prompt and a little girl is happy.  The sneakers are excellent.  She is very happy!  She picked them out to start school.", "there okay they could be more fitting I should of bought a diff coloror brand I seen them in the photo and I liked them but when I got them I wasn't really to happy with how much I spent on them I think fo what I payed for these shoes I could have gotten better", "They fit a little tight. But all in all it's a nice shoe.I wwould just have to go up half size", "I love this type of shoe to be wearing when going to school or work all day. Very nice shoe.", "The shoe looks great,but looks can be deceiving.By the end of the day after wearing them i couldnt wait to get them off.They are very snug fitting and narrow at the toes.I had to wash them and stuff the toes to stretch them out.They feel somewhat better now.When someone compliments on them I say they look better than they feel! I would not buy another pair.", "I suffered from Plantar fasciitis and shox have been the only running shoes that has helped get rid of the problem. THey are a bit costly but worth it. I love these shoes. They are cute, comfortable and support my feet very well. I highly recommend.", "I have severe back problem and have found that nike shox are the only shoes that do not make my back ache worse can wear them all day with no problems.", "My job keeps me on my feet for many hours.  I have tried other shoes and Nike Shox are the only ones that I have been satisfied with.  I don't have back aches, my feet and legs feel great after working for 8-12 hours at a time.  In the past 4 years I have purchased 10-12 pairs of Nike Shox.  I have 6 pairs at the moment.  Everyone at my job owns Nike Shox.  They are amazing shoes.", "I really like these shoes, these where perfect for my clinicals and they are still good.  I really love the look and feel as well", "I love taking long walks.  Last Saturday, I walked from Manhattan to the Bronx and the right sneaker made a small cut below my big toe. That took several days to heal.  I still like the sneakers but the right foot don't like me.  I had to clip the inner leather and stitch a soft padding inner lining in that place so I can wear them.", "The reviews stated the shoes ran small... I ordered a bigger size and now I'm sending them back. This shoe I would say is true to size! It must be a wide shoe as well; they were comfortable just tooooo darn big!", "I bought this shoe because my boyfriend had purchased a pair for work. He walks all day in a hospital. He loved them. So, I bought them because I had a baby 9 months ago & am trying to lose the baby weight. I needed a shoe that really gripped my feet well. Well, these really do hold your feet together well. the only thing i didn't like is that Nike tends to make their shoes very narrow at the top by the toe. But once you can break in the leather, the shoe fits like a glove. Would i buy another pair? maybe. for the price, I'm not too sure of how impressed I am.", "I had been looking at these shoes for a while and held out because leather usually cracks so easily. Unfortunately I work in the medical field and had to buy all leather. I went and tried them on in a real store and I'm glad I did. I'm normally a size 7 and I needed a size 7.5 because there narrower than normal. I've had them for over 2 weeks and they are already scuffed so I keep them at work and just change when I get there. This is my second pair of shox and though they do take some getting use to (about three days of cont wear)I love them. They are easy to clean and I've received many complement. There's not a lot of options for all white leather shoes that don't make you look like a grandma. I gave it 5 because they fit what I need, are comfortable for an 8 our shift, and I like the way they look. Did I need to pay over a hundred dollars for them? Probably not, but its a tax right off because there for work. I'm happy with my purchase.", "I am on my feet from 8 to 18 hours/day (nursing) and experience heel and knee pain without good quality shoes. I bought these thinking it would alleviate that b/c of the \"shocks\", but these shoes made the pain worse!! I bought a shoe insert and it helped some, but i think i'll stick with new balance shoes. They are less money and way more comfortable. i'll wear these for short trips out b/c they are stylish, but wont wear to work.", "Work in a hospital and on my feet all day.  They are very comfortable and keeps me going all shift.", "First, I should mention that I own many shox by Nike .... And I'm size 6.5. When I got these shoes I was soo excited because they look very nice, I couldn't wait to put them on ..... They fit very tight, I thought they would stretch a little bit with the hours but nope, I walked and walked and walked hoping for some stretch to happen until I gave up because they were killing me! So the conclusion is, I wouldn't recommend these shoes because the first characteristic of a sport shoe is &#34;TO BE COMFORTABLE&#34; and these are NOT...", "Like them a lot! Nice shoe without all the fluorescent colors! White with atouch of teal blue. Very well made.", "Es un calzado de alta calidad, bellos, comodos, los recomiendo 100%, mu buen vendedor y responsable, el producto es exacto al de la foto, feliz con mi compra.", "I love the look of the shoe but I think the sizes run a little small. Word limits are stupid.", "Exactly what I wanted...I wear shox all the time....and have many pair.........I was very pleased with these as well....and got them in a very timely matter......", "These are ok, but I should have stuck with the nike Air's....They are a little tight threw the toe box and are ALOT heavier then I expected them to be.", "Buy these shoes one whole size bigger then normal! These shoes are so beautiful  just make sure you buy big or your feet will go numb from wearing them!", "will not be buying from this company ever again worst service ever. shoes did not fit, they did not come on time, they would not take them back. so i had to sell them myself. this company needs to post correct shoe sizes or just stop selling them/ scamming people", "These shoes meet all of my expectations and then some. Would buy them again in a heart beat if they were still being made.", "I bought these shoes hoping for something comfortable and easy to slip on for running out of the house. They met my standards perfectly! Way more comfortable then expected and I've worn these shoes for 4 miles walks. They do run small. I ordered a 9 and wear 8.5 normally. My toes still touched the front of the shoes.You can't go wrong for the price!", "These shoes are very light weight and super comfortable. Couldn't be happier with this purchase. Before ordering, I went to a few other websites (prices waaay higher by the way) just to read a few reviews because noone had reviewed them on Amazon. Everyone seemed very happy with the quality of the shoe, and a couple of people had mentioned that they run a little small so to get a half size up. I am always a size 8 in Nike footwear, but did go ahead and order a half size up (figuring that I could always wear a thicker ped sock) and I am glad I did. The 1/2 size up fits perfectly. Very comfortable shoe. Doesn't make my (already big) foot look bigger either, which is always a plus!", "these shoes are great for 2 things not 1, 2! they are great for skateboarding! and give you the support to be basketball shoes you will need high top socks for these because they are giant! And they are unique cuz you dont see people wearing black/purple shoes. but they are really great shoes.", "Comfy shoes, foam's great and soft with the air pocket makes for great cushioning.Seller priced them well, posted them quickly, and at a good postage rate :D", "I love these shoes so much that I'm saving up for a new pair.  I wore them for about six months and now I need new ones.  They are GREAT for running!  I recommend these shoes for anyone with narrow and flat feet, because of the great support they provide.  I'm a heavy woman and they are perfect for helping me with my joints and lower back.  Get these shoes for work, working out, or just because they look cool.  I recommend these shoes with ten stars.", "This is a very good running shoe for people with sensitive feet like myself. The shoe is very flexible and well padded without being too heavy or boxy. Shipping was prompt, and the shoes actually look better in person.", "Really comfortable, i love them to run. good quality, service, it  cost the priice. My feet it's a regulaer 7, i ordered a 7,5 and fits really confortable.  Amazing.", "I got it on time, and it is very light weight and comfortable. Good for running.Bu do not wear in rainy day.", "The shoes came a day late, but they were well worth the wait. They are so comfortable that they don't feel like they need any breaking in. They're very light weight and provide good support.", "Shoes came fast. was surprised how light they were. and even more comfortable. would definitely buy again.gotta find another colored other than the loud colors they offer now.", "I Purchased these for my boyfriend and he loves them! Quick service and they are a quality product. Looking forward to giving them to him.", "Awesome shoes!! Very light weight and sturdy construction. I love running in them, and they fit perfectly. Would definitely buy again!", "Very nice shoes.", "The colors are vibrant and the quality is exactly what I'd expect of NIKE. My boyfriend has a little trouble with shoes fitting correctly, but these are true to size. He tells me they are lightweight and comfortable. He's a bit of a shoe snob as he runs all day at work.", "It is so comfortable amd it fitted as expected. I really like nike's running shoes. It is one of the best I had.", "These are the most comfortable shoes I have ever wore. In my opinion these beat any new balance pair that I had.", "I broke a lot of mile stones in these shoes, 10, 13.1, 15 mile runs with numerous 5 to 8 mile runs in between. They are light, well made. and relatively inexpensive! I took a star off because they are failing much sooner than expected. I have at MOST 225 miles on them, however I will be buying another pair!", "love this pair, they are light and very confe... stylish too, I get lots of compliments.I usually wear shoes size 12. This particular shoe runs small, I had to exchange them for a size 13 instead.", "Excellent pair of shoes. Bought it because I wanted to look like a power ranger with the neon colors. Definitely goes well with my costume. Plus I can now run faster to catch bad guys.", "I will admit that I mostly use it indoors on treadmills, ellipticals, and while lifting weights. I walk with it outdoors but haven't taking it on a cross country run.  So far it's held up well.", "These things are as light as a feather and fit like a glove supporting my whole foot. They do run a bit small so I wear my bike socks with them and the combo is great.", "theses are really nice shoes but I should of got a 1/2 size bigger its hard to try them on when there online", "Shoes fit very comfortably and are great when walking or running! I would recommend this shoe to any runner out there. Mkae sure you know what your nike size is before ordering online because nike sizes are different than most shoes.", "I wear these for cardio (running, bike, stairclimber, etc.), for weight training and for daily use.  They are light weight, fit my feet perfectly and are extremely comfortable.  I will absolutely order another pair when the current sneakers need replacement.", "Not something I would run in , but more of a lounging around shoe.  I got exactly what I wanted.", "Too tight on the top sides of the shoes. Besides that it was good but I'll think twice on spending that much on a tight shoe again", "This is an awesome pair of running shoes.  Very comfortable and extremely light in weight.  Already went on my first mile run and it was great.  Very nice color and these provide great support.  I highly recommend these shoes.  Good price, very much worth it.  Finally, the seller was really prompt in delivery, great service.  Overall, very satisfied with the buy.", "I got these as a present for my husband and he loves them!very comfy on his feet and look great. Highly recommend", "Feels like you are walking on clouds. They are a light weight pair of shoes that feels great for running.", "I got these as a gift for my husband. He loves them. They are perfect for running. Just what he needed! :)", "I'm one of those guys who can't have enough shoes. I know exactly how my Nikes, Pumas, Diesel's and oxfords should fit.This shoe was bought specifically for this year for when I take my toddler on walks exclusively (mainly so they stay clean and aren't coincidentally worn when someone needs help in a yard, etc). They perform flawlessly on walks, and honestly I tend to wear them around the house on my days off as they are incredibly light and you almost forget you are wearing them.", "No complaints. I want to buy the blue pair next. Great shoes and a great price. Go Texas Tech. Boom", "Great overall fit Nike in the past seemed to run narrow for a good fit for me, but these are awesome.  Super light and affordable I have two pairs and love the new design.", "Shoes were exactly what I expected and very comfortable. Also lightweight, which is a plus for traveling. If you can deal with the lime green these shoes are great.", "Bought these as a gift for my son who already has this same nike flex but in another color.  Obviously a great shoe seeing as he requested same kind but another color. He does choose them for their comfort and not just for the &#34;looks&#34; of the shoe as he is an athlete.", "these shoes are in fact very comfortable, but woe is you if you walk on any surface that may have small pebbles or rocks. The soles on these things grab onto rocks and won't let them go until you stop and pry them out with your fingers. Or you can just deal with the scraping of rocks against concrete every time you take a step.It's pretty annoying and I wish I could take them back honestly. The places I walk have rocks everywhere and so this ended up being a terrible choice in running shoes.I gave it three stars because they are very comfy and are very pleasant to walk/run in otherwise.", "Those shoes where exactly what I wanted.That's why I ordered them.There is not surprise here...Enjoy them too !", "I've been a keen runner for almost 4 years now and throughout this time I've always worn Nike running shoes, mainly because of the quality fit I always seem to get when trying on Nike shoes. All my running is done on paved or termac surfaces so I've always opted for the more cushioned pegasus or lunarglide shoe. Whilst browsing online one day I saw these for 45 and decided to take a gamble (I was aware they were much less cushioned than my usual shoe).After running approx 20 miles in the first week wearing these I was a little concerned that my legs felt a little more fatigued than usual, but this sensation soon abated after a few more runs. The striking thing about these Nikes once you run them in is how natural they feel on your feet, they are so light and comfortable and give just enough feedback unlike my last pair of pegasus which felt bouncy and unstable. All in all I'm delighted with the flex shoe, I've now done approx 100 miles in them with no negative issues. As for people marking them down because they squeak on certain surfaces or get stones in the treads..... &#34;seriously!!&#34; These are running shoes...... for running!!! This runner thinks they are a damn good shoe.", "He really likes his shoes, very light weight and he says very comfortable, would consider another purchase. He highly recommends.", "Worth every penny.  Product is incredibly comfortable and light. Style is conservative yet athletic.. Very similar to lunar series but little wider in the front.", "Nike did not offer extra width in these, so they are laterally snug, but okay.  The shoe is light and soft to run on, very comfortable.  HOWEVER, if there are any stones or pebbles on your running path, or if you have to cross over or run upon gravel, expect to pick out dozens of stones from the bottom of the shoe after the run.  The little &#34;fingers&#34; on the bottom flex and allow the pebbles to wedge up into the sole.  You may start out with a 9 oz. shoe, but end up with a 13 oz. shoe with the pebbles.", "These shoes fit perfectly and are very lightweight weight which makes for great running shoes or comfortable shoes to wear if you are doing a lot of standing or walking around throughout the day. The sole has a pretty thick layer of cushioning which is pretty noticeable when wearing them for hours or during high-impact exercise like running.With the vibrant yellow-green &#34;Volt&#34; color, they are pretty noticeably bright, but the color has definitely grown on me.I've had them for couple of weeks now and have gone on probably 8-10 runs and long walks and have had zero problems with them. My previous running shoes were Adidas and needed a brutal breaking-in phase that gave me blisters and excessive foot pain. These Nikes are the total opposite, being comfortable and ready to use right out of the box, with no breaking-in phase.I seriously love these shoes!", "use it all the time to run, walk and everyday errands. love this color as well, hope you like it as i did", "Bought these as a gift for my grandson, who is in Dental school.  He is on his feet a lot, & says these shoes are quite comfortable.", "This tennis shoes were a gift for my dad, the guy just loved them, they are ultra light and the quality of the product can get better", "These shoes are perfect for running and training, are quite comfortable and extremely lightweight. The shoe colors are as vivid as the photo, draw a lot of attention. Amazing shoes, highly recommended.", "My 12 year old son wears these everyday and he is rough on shoes. They held up longer than any other tennis shoe we've ever bought. We liked them so much, we bought a second pair in a different color.", "Been working and running in them for the past week or so and they've preformed really well.  They're incredibly light,  you can barely feel them while running.  About the only downside is they don't have the best traction,  I'd recommend them mainly for gym use or street running.", "Tongue is awy too think.  Tying the laces tight resulted in a lot of pain on the top of my foot.", "The Shoe is very light and comfortable.  I also think it is a very good looking shoe.  It is perfect for the gym environment.  I personally would not use this shoe for outdoor running.  I'm very hard on running shoes and I don't think they would last very long.  for how I'm using the shoe 5 stars.  for outdoor running 3 stars", "I consider always is great know when some body is happy with the product, I really like it. Thank you.", "I love these shoes to run but they don't last longer than other expensive running shoes. The cushioning on the heels area get bad under 200 miles of use.", "They are amazing shoes for track and running and amazing traction but dont get white soles unless you have cleaner....they get dirty fast", "It's ok", "My fiance loves these shoes. He generally gets this style and they were on sale so that why we got them.", "I run track and feel, and after a month of being used for 3 hours every day, the front black rubber spots on the bottom sole tore right off. The grey material used to make the bottom of the shoe seemed to just grind away and I'm nearly running bear foot now. These shoes seem look durable especially coming from a reputable manufacturer. You get what you pay for", "Excellent shoes... very confortable, everithing according to the expected.  Wonderful running shoes, you could not ask for more... nike quality", "I run at least 6% faster in this shoe. Girls notice me. My feet no longer stink. What else can you ask for?", "bought these for the gym and they look good and are comfortable i should have ordered a half size bigger since these run small.", "I have been a regular runner for the past 20 years and have spent the last 5 years moving from shoe to shoe and dealing with Achilles, calf, or back pain depending on the shoe.  These shoes are amazingly light and comfortable.  I bought pairs for indoor and outdoor use and dread the thought of their eventual discontinuation.", "I love Nike shoes and this one is very light and match some of my clothes , I recommend this shoes", "Very pleased with this shoe. It's a great balance between good cushioning and still very lightweight.It fits pretty snug, so depending on the shape of your foot you might need to go 1/2 size bigger than normal.Contrary to some other reviews, getting small rocks and pebbles in the tread hasn't been a big issue. Yes it happens, but it doesn't seem any worse than previous running shoes I've owned before.Currently running 3 times a week, 3-4 miles each time, but going to start training for my first marathon this summer... excited to put these shoes to real work!!!", "Really excited about this shoe. It fits just as expected and I love the color being grey and neon. Its also a very light weight and flexible shoe. My only issue is it has no arch support. My foot actually started hurting because of it and I had to go buy arch supports and now they are perfect.", "The Nike Men's flex shoes are very light weight but still give comfortable support.  I use them for running on a track but I believe they would be suitable for trail running as well.", "Like this shoe very much. Had them delivered to Afghanistan during my deployment and love running in them. Only issues I have out here is little stones get in the grooves of the sole when running sometimes. This can be a little annoying and have to pluck them out once in a while. Overall very good running shoe.", "Love the style, love its materials made, it came exactly fit, feels good & comfy, running for half an hour & it comforts my feet well.", "These shoes are great. Feel confortable and the air can enter from the front of the shoes you feel fresh while running. Really light and confortable. I will buy 2 more just in case there will be no more like this :)", "you sent me the wrong size. I ordered size 10 and they sent me size 9. I'm angry. I do not live in the us and i get really expensive return it, I'll wait for someone to go beyond return. : (", "It was as it was described.  It is comfortable and go well with not only the workout outfit but almost all casual outfit.  I would definitely recommend it.", "So comfortable! This is my husbands second pair. He wore the first pair nearly every day for a year. He deserved a brand new pair", "Comfy and look great. Very light.", "Choose this rating because the nikey shoes fits me good and I love how they feel that why I give them a good review", "I bought 5 pair's of Nike's, I wrote a review, for the wrong one's. Although, I ordered the same exact pair, in the same exact size, I've decided to keep those, as I bought them for my roomies b-day, and, he liked them so much, I gave him the second pair, as well.I only tried on the exact same shoe's, in a different color, I assumed they would fit the same, but, they did not, surprisingly indeed, but not uncommon, when the shoe's are Nike's, which I love, and is my style.Sincerest regard's,Jeffery McKinsterNike Flex 2013 Run Grey/Volt Mens Running Shoes", "I've worm Nikes for years  and these shoes are uncomfortable don't buy them.  They also make a popping noise when you walk", "My husband had been wanting a new pair of shoes and when I saw these I knew that he would love them and he does they fit perfect thank you!", "Nice shoes! I wear 10 in nikes perfect fit. They feel good so far. Bought them to run in. We'll see how that goes", "I bought this for track running and this is just right for it. Light, soft, cool and flexible. It was somewhat small when I tried it first, but the shoes itself transformed to my feet. So if you feel just uncomfortably small, try for few days and it will be fine.", "I love the performance of the Nike Flex. They are very lightweight, flexible, and comfortable. They do run a little small so you may have to order a half size to a whole size larger depending upon how snug you want the shoe.", "This is a nice looking shoe. It looks and fits great. At first look, my son thought the yellow was too bright, but once he tried it on he loved it.  He may change the shoe string to grey, but it 's a cool shoe and he was happy with it.It arrived quickly.", "This running shoes are very comfortable and light. Perfect for exercising. It comes in a variety of colors. It did fit as expected.", "I bought this for my father, he totally loves it! Totally recomended, I try it once and it is very comfortable!!", "Too small for my feet and they were toNarrow cut off circulation to my feet. I don't want the pair", "I walked around in these for a month before I noticed that the right shoe was bigger than the left. Yeah, I kept feeling my foot slipping out as I walked, but I have a high arch, so I thought it was me. Finally, I gave them a good look side-by-side and I couldn't believe it. Even though the right shoe was imprinted with the correct shoe size, it was a full size bigger than the left one. And since it had been a month, it was too late to return them. I'm out $80. So, I'm letting myself look like a fool today to all of you out there so you won't make the same mistake I did. When you get your shoes, look at them carefully and make sure they match.", "nike is nike.... the best shoes I have ever had... recommended 100 percent, fit as expected. i love them. unique", "awesome shoes for running as well for training its like combination of flexible and thick base .. I highly recommended it for running.", "Son loves the comfort, but mom doesn't like how it shows dirt and hard to keep clean.  Thinking of using the washing machine but not sure if that is a good idea.", "The shoes fit fine, and feel really good, they're great for running too.  But they SQUEAK on any smooth surface no matter how you walk.  You can always hear me when I'm in the office kitchen, and they squeak the entire time I'm at walmart.", "My stepson actually bought these for me.  I chuckled because, as a runner, it's a no-no for someone to buy you running shoes.  Certainly would not have been my first choice.  To my surprise, though (and because I'm cheap), I decided to put off buying my next pair of running shoes and try these out one day at the gym.  Really expected NOT to like them.  To my surprise, they're great inside.  They are now my favorite shoe for indoors.  I also recently bought a pair of Brooks Glycerine also.  These are SO much lighter than the Brooks.  Only reason I didn't give them a five is they aren't as great outdoors.  I've only wore them on one outdoor run and they don't give great support for pavement.  They are more of a mid strike shoe too, not as much of a heel strike shoe like a Brooks or basic Ascics.  If you're a more experienced runner, you might like these as they are not a minimalist shoe, but not as fully supportive as some of us need that are heel strikers either.  Feather light.  Made my Brooks feel like weights.", "Shoes are little bit large but that is my mistake,quallity is awesome,when i recived package i was thinking there is nothing inside.I will definitely buy again!", "My gf bought these for me to workout in. They are super comfy and light weight. When she bought them they didn't have my size so I bought a size up. A little big but I knew they would be. I would deff buy again.", "couldn't find this shoes locally, found on line for a great price$$$ I recommend the shoes because of how light they are and comfortable.", "Just got the shoes tonight and love them. Very soft to walk and run on, I like the color too.", "This is like my 5th or 6th pair great shoes but they look greyish on the computer but they are white white.", "this shoes seems to be wider in the front than the other i tested. it is very comfortable shoes but since its pretty wide in the front the grip is a bit loose and the sole is a bit thin so i feel the street more than previous shoes so if your a runner it might bother you but i like it since i mostly fast-walking. i only use them for 2 month now with total 50 miles but so far so good. i wish they would come with self-cleaning option :)", "So comfortable, sick design and the flexibility is amazing. ! Didn't expect this shoe to be this great! Just wish the white wasn't at the bottom :\\", "even the number is one size larger than usual , this sneaker did not fit well .  Besides a beautiful color and appearance.", "We bought these FLEX nike shoes for everyone this Christmas, and everyone loves them.  Very light shoe, a perfect gift!", "I love love love NIKE now that I got the chance to try them for the first time. As this was my first Nike shoe, and I was so surprised and amazed of the quality, comfort, style. I use these shoes on the go and everyday long walks.", "These are one of the most comfortable shoes I have owned. Light weight and very good fit. The fit is true to size.", "have held up well and still look great after weeks of constant use.  A good, sturdy shoe! Have held up at seams well.", "I sometimes forget that I'm wearing shoes and I think I'm walking on clouds. Great bounce, very comfortable and very light. Excellent shoe.", "These fit great and are lite as a feather!  The color is exactly as it appears on the pic and great style!", "These are really nice shoes and Amazon does a nice job of getting them to you in a timely fashion. I love being able to get clothing online without any trouble to my self and Amazon does a great job of that in this case.", "If you are looking for a versitale pair of shoes for running or training these fit the bill perfectly.", "These are some of the most comfortable sneakers I have bought in a while, being a runner I was worried about the weight from how they look, but are surprisingly light on your feet!!", "I bought these for my dad. He likes light weight yet durable shoes for working out at the gym. These shoes seem to work nicely for him for those reasons.", "I bought these shoes for my son. He said they fit great and are the most lightweight comfortable shoes I ever bought him.", "I bought these hoping they would be like the 7.0 version 2 but they aren't.  They have weird side panels that stick out and make the shoe look dorky or that is how I feel they look anyway. They are not as comfortable as my previous Free versions but I can wear them to take out the trash and run errands.", "These were very wonderful shoes.  I use them for cross training.  Very light weight and comfortable.  They've been very durable.  Happy with purchase.", "These shoes are light and comfortable!  I bought them for running but I find myself using them more for running errands!  Why can't dress shoes be this light and comfortable?", "Slippery on a gym court. Otherwise nice. Not good for doing suicide runs back and forth in a gym, but good for jogging", "the shoe is amazing.i love it .light but comfy shoes. iam addicted ti these shoes very good. biu thrb bbnnc", "Wow these shoes are amazing. They fit great. They don't hurt my feet. They are so soft. I highly recommend.", "Lightweight shoes, good for running. I'm not using them yet, but i just checked they came without any detail, so i'm glad.", "Bought them for my boyfriend and he absolutely loves them! He said they fit perfectly although normally he wears a 10.5 and we had to go one size up. They are comfortable and give him the support and comfort he needs while at the gym. He's given them 5 stars without hesitation!", "I bought it for my first running shoes. It is very soft. Good for running beginner. But you need to buy half size larger than your normal  size.", "I normally wear a men's size 9.5 and these fit very well. I also appreciate that the shoe is relatively flat without much of a heel.", "Shoe is the same as that described by seller, and it is comfortable, very light. I like this pair of shoes. I would recommend to my friends.", "The shoes are very narrow fitting, and fit tight. If you are an aaa shoe I would buy them for a child.", "I just received my order in Peru South America, to find that we ordered :a Big Kid size 5.5 Soccer sneakers  are actually about a size  8 adult. What happened?? Returning them back from Peru to the US would be more cost than the senakers themselves :(", "My son has soccer practice every day and two games a week. Cleats get muddy and soaking wet daily. I like that I can wash them in a sink and place on hot water pipes near the furnace to dry. They dry fast and are ready to go by early morning.We've been buying basically the same model of cleats for at least 3 years, just getting the next bigger size in the current year's model release. They fit my son's feet well, are soft and sturdy, and don't need to be broken in. He was playing comfortably from the first time he put these cleats on.", "excellent soccer boot for the price. very soft leather, comparable to kangaroo leather. able to have great touch on the ball and nice to finally have a boot with no tongue flap. true to size. first time wearing nike soccer shoes as i have been an adidas loyalist forever.hard pressed to be picking up some adidas boots anytime soon.great boots for those of you playing up front as forwards, like myself...", "Glad to say I'm parting with these shoes today.  Paid $100 for them at an outlet store.  The comfort lasted a week tops. The inside was not made for human feet.  Totally uncomfortable in the arches, therefore had to buy insoles.  Never in my life did I have to buy insoles before.  I believe these shoes caused much foot and leg pain, as well has hip injuries during exercise.  I will never buy Nike again.  Just purchased Reebok Runtones, and feel the difference in my feet already.  NO PAIN!!!!!!!  This is what a shoe is supposed to fee like!", "Very comfortable shoes with great cushioning! They look just amazing and I have bought them in another 3 colors d", "this nike shox looks extremely awesome.............never saw a shoe so nice for the longest while.i won't regret having one.", "this is a very light weight sneaker . great for the gym or just walking around . the look and feel is everything i wanted in a sneaker .", "These are one of the best pair of shoes I have brought.I have foot problems like Plantar Faacisitis and Mortons tumor and they have never hurt my feet.I wear them to work on long days like 12 hours or so.What a great pair of shoes!! Just LOVE THEM", "These are excellent all-around, and well worth the price. They are very comfortable (especially barefoot), well-made, good-looking, fairly lightweight, and definitely durable enough for what they're designed for - running and working out. Unfortunately, these are almost impossible to find anywhere, even online... (The men's version seems to be common, though.)Despite running true to size or very close, these have a snug fit compared to similar shoes of the same size. Going a half size larger might not be a bad idea.My only complaint would be that the laces which come with the shoe are rather short, especially if one doesn't like to lace their shoes very tight. But that is easily remedied.", "This sneaker is comfortable, Classicly designed, and usually priced pretty fair.I have bunion issues, and planter fasciaitis, and these never let me down.", "I was very happy with my purchase. They look very cool in hand and on the foot. Soft, flexible and great for walking. I am thinking about changing out the inner soles for something with extra cushion for running but I generally have to do that with all of my running shoes. Good buy!", "Let me be simple if u r looking x comfortable and a good price this is the one I go to the gym and I have to say when I walk is same thing like no shoes I love my Nike tr fit 3 and I can assure u you'll love them too", "I absolutely love these cross training sneakers.  They were the best investment I made.  My workouts are so much better because I have the proper footwear.  Love them and will be ordering more.", "I was, frankly, very disappointed with the quality of these shoes.  Very skimpy and cheaply made.  To pay $89.00 for something that probably cost less than $5 to make was the reason I sent them back.", "I crossfit on the regular and i love these shoes!  so does everyone else at the gym.Highly recommended for others.", "I normally wear an 8.5M which is what I ordered.  The fit is like a glove....I don't believe I could wear a  heavy sock with them but since they are a summer color I wear them strictly this season.  They are very light weight.", "Always have been a Nike fan and I love these sneakers. They're not bulky and great for running and walking. They're comfortable and light and the best NIKEs I ever purchased.", "Wasn't the same color when it came in the mail .. It fits just the color is ugly ..not what I was hoping for ..", "This shoe is good looking, but it has no arch support at all. The bottom is completely flat, which hurts my feet when I walk around. And for some reason these shoes give me smelly feet. My feet never usually smell, but for some reason these make them.. weird.", "Excellent fit. My 11 year old daughter loves these. She has to have all black for school, and these are perfect. Nike always has a great product and you get what you pay for. Shipping was fast even though we do not have prime.", "i love this shoes fit perfec , i got alot of compliment on it on worknike i love you :)", "They are so light and comfortable. I barely feel like I'm wearing shoes, they are very breathable, and I have gotten so many compliments on them.", "I absolutely love these shoes!  Best money I have every spent. I wear them all the time.  They get dirty easily but I expected that with white shoes", "So lightweight and breathable, you'll never understand why you wore anything else. Absolutely love them, worth every penny. You almost feel like you're not wearing sneakers at all!", "I have had soo many compliments every time I wear these shoes-- the colors are awesome. They ran a tad bit big- i probably could have gotten away with a half size smaller but didnt want to wait for another pair. Seller was super fast at sending and I didnt pay for express shipping.", "I love these! They are so comfy and they're cute! My mom even got some because they are so cute! I love wearing these to the gym! Just absolutely AMAZING! :D", "I read a s*** ton of reviews on these shoes and others. Ended up buying these and I love them. Light weight, comfortable, flexible. The perfect work out shoes for me. I also am digging the colors. I bought half a size up from reading other reviews and they're a perfect fit. I do recommend buying half a size up. Can't go wrong with Nike!", "Great for flat feet. Light, quality material...great shoe! I'm a bartender and they're perfect for someone who's on their feet all the time.  Very stylish and durable. Love them!", "when i got these shoes, there was the typical 'nike free' tattoo on the inside where the heel goes. okay. about 3-4 days after wearing it the 'nike free' got rubbed off.. idk if thats because i bought the shoes online or if all the 'nike free' shoes do that, but it got me thinking the quality of buying shoes from these specific ppl (or just online) has been compromised, to give us lower prices or w/e. ANYWAY, the shoes fit and look great, im glad i got these and not any other Nike shoe bc these are reaaalllyyy dirt-resistant, despite the color. LOVE these shoes ^_^", "Good buy if you're using for light activities like walking - would not recommend for jogging.  Overall a good sneaker", "I chose the rating because this shoe is absolutely a comfortable fit! It feels like my feet can breath. I would recommend this show to a friend and or family member. It also matches my outfits.", "I know that we are in August but I don't like to rush on Xmas buys so I heard that my mother in law wanted a new pair of sneakers (she's very active) I said this is my chance.For sure you can find a pair like this @ FootLocker / Finish Line/ Sports Authority for over 100 bucks, but for this one I paid like $70.00 shipped.Color combination looks nicer live rather than the picture.My girlfriend try them and said was a real fit  so hopefully my mother in law will like it.", "Nice! Really good, solid shoe. My daughter lives this shoe. Very comfortable and good looking. I would purchase again. Lots of wear.", "People ask were did you get them, real good price, and quick delivery. With the Nike sign on the side who could go wrong.", "THE FIT OF THE SHOE IS WONDERFUL.  THE LIGHTNESS OF THE PRODUCT IS A JOY.  THE ONLY NEGATIVE I HAVE FOUND IN THIS SHOE IS THE CLEANING ASPECT.  IF YOU HAVE ANY TIPS, THEY WOULD BE APPRECIATED AND SHOULD BE PASSED ON WITH THE PRODUCT", "I loved this tennis shoes, they were everything I expected. They are comfortable and I can easily keep them clean.", "Great workout shoe...very comfortable and fits true to size", "I chose this shoe because I have several old pairs. The shoe was attractive and the front fit fine. Unfortunately the heel was too big (boxy). The lining was flimsy but I was able to fix this with an old liner. I would recommend this shoe for someone with a wide heel.", "Love these shoes!  They are super stylish and very lightweight!  Love the purple shoeslaces!!  I feel very cool at the gym with these!", "It's good, but there are some light stains in front of the shoes. Around the toes area. But overall, it's good.", "I bought these for my wife and she loves the fit, light weight, comfort and support.  She wears them for every work out and they look smashingly good!", "Just got them yesterday and already made 2 long walks.Very light, very soft inside so from day 1 you can wear them all day. Fits great - I'm usually 5.5, but is sports shoes I always take 1/2 size bigger, and so I did in this case.", "The shoes came right on time and work wonders! Not only are they comfortable for walking throughout the day, but for weight training as well. They truly are a great investment!", "Thank you for the product was what I expected had sought this type of footwear as very cute and I found it in you enchanted with!", "Fit perfect, came in great condition. Very nice shoe. Brand new out of the box, love them so so much.", "These shoes ran  very big.  No arch support.  I bought insoles and still couldn't feel any support.  They were attractive, just didn't work for me.", "These shoes are so good they are so light and cool to wear, but still absorb any impact during high energy workoutsPeople comment on them all the time", "I love it!! fit just right. n it's super light. feels good on my feet too!! can't wait to break into it! =]-sv", "They where great even when I had to return the idem. They deliver in one day. I recommended this company to my family and friend.", "the shoe did not flex int eh locations that i felt that they needed to. the cut into my toes and the schools soul was too stiff as well.", "Really like this pair of shoes. I actually missed that they could have the Nike+ tracking pod inserted in the sole, that was an added benefit.  Have held up well with 300+ miles so far.", "I love these shoes! They're extremely comforatable and stylish enough to wear with jeans. They stayed comforatable through Zumba, weight training, and jogging. They're easy to get dirty though.", "Bought them as Christmas gift to my 12 year-old son. He played and trained twice a week. Now one of the loops that holds the laces broke,  and the sole separated from the shoe. Will never buy this type of shoe again.", "The size is good, just a little tight on my left foot so my left must be bigger than my right.", "My son, who is very picky about what his shoes look like, love these.  They are perfect...they fit my taste in a more traditional looking shoe yet fits my sons taste for a more modern stylish shoe.", "recieved alot of complements", "My daughter uses these to travel to and from her soccer games...they work perfectly. Great fit and very comfortable. Thinking of buying a pair for myself.", "When they say benassi is not the soft cushions , more hard rubber, for the price not worth it. Not what I wanted", "These are my go-to slippers. After the gym, around the house, to the store, any time really. I love these slip ons!", "I work from home and wear these all day long. They are super comfortable and I like that I can just rinse them off or wipe them down as needed. I had another pair of Nike slides before this that I wore for 5 or 6 years. These seem like they will be quite durable.", "I ordered my exact size and they came within the time stated. They fit great and I have been wearing them on a daily basis and they have held up great! I am very happy with them!", "I was delighted to fine this sandal as I had shopped in person and was never able to find what I wanted.  This is what I wanted, fits well, and it was received quickly.", "The fit was fine. But the material is terrible. It makes your feet sweat. And looks so cheap. These aren't even something that I would wear around the house.", "I like slipping on some socks and then wearing these when I'm feeling somewhat bummish. They fit well and product came on time.", "After browsing around in actual shoe stores for weeks in search for these and failing miserably in finding the right size and price for them, I took to Amazon as my last act of hope. I must say that should've been my first instinct. Not only are slides reasonably priced, they had a broader range of sizes. These shoes are very comfortable and overall a great buy.", "These sandals are a perfect fit , they are very comfy too and I am very satisfied with this purchase", "We love these shoes....been wearing them for years and just needed a new pair....just love them....thank you fir a great purchase", "These are wonderful for those who have trouble with straps between your toes.  The sole is made of small cushioning spikes that add to the comfort.", "I bought this slide for two purposes, the slide has more than delivered. I needed a new bath shoe, I got it. I needed a shoe I could keep on beyond the bath, I got it. The best yet, I have not taken them off since their arrival. I sized up from my regular size, as I have MS, my feet tend to swell and I needed the room and comfort the slide offered. I find the shoe to be very comfortable, fitted very well, everyone wants them. Get a pair, you will not be disappointed. I am getting another for back up.", "Comfortable and sporty.  I wear them around the house.  These are a good buy, well worth the money. Highly recommend!", "The only thing that I did not like was the insole. My sons shoes insole were of a different tuxture. but you get what you pay for, other wise they were good", "These were the ones my granddaughter actually wanted.  the Other ones were too small and not the style she asked for. She lovers these!", "I like it but there are no cushion for this item. But it looks good and my girlfriend wears it everywhere.", "Hi, i thougth these pair of sandals wouldnt fit on me, cause it seems like they are women size, but no they did ;) and they're amazing and so comfortable. definitely Recommended!!!", "Better than i few years ago. These sandals are good. My wife loves them. No more dirty feet. Thank you.", "Great design. It looks much better than the pictures. I'ts sturdy and comfortable and goes with everything. A great buy.", "These shoes fit great and are convenient and comfortable.  I was looking for something I could wear with socks on my way to spin class that would be easy to change in and out of.  These fit the bill perfectly.  The only downside for me, and its strictly a matter of personal taste is the swoosh is a bit much - a little to big and bright for me.  If you like that, these are the shoes for you, but next time I'll get the ones without it.", "I love my nike sandals its very comfomtable and i walk all day with them it wont hurt my feet at all !", "Love these slides. They fit me better then any other brand that I've purchased and feel good to walk in too! I definitely recommend these slides and the shipping was fast.", "I love these shoes they are very comfortable. I got the at super shoes for only $16!! They fit right to my feet an I love them. The only con is that when I walk the slides slip off my feet a little and go pigeon-toed. But they are worth it anyways!", "Bought for my teen, after looking everywhere for something similiar.  They are really comfortable, made well, and my teen loves them!Great buy!", "Just received these the other day. Fit is perfect and very comfortable. I work from home and will wear these around the house all day. I just went back to get a 2nd pair in my size and its not available. Bummer! I will be sad if/when these wear out.", "Slippers are not as comfortable as i thought it would be. i was quite disappointed when i finally got to try it on", "These slip on sandals are not very comfortablethe bottom insoles have little uncomfortablebumps and the plastic type material makes the sandalssweaty feeling to the feet. Sorry wished I would havenot purchased them.", "These are perfect. I've always wanted sandals like this. They're really nice to wear when I don't wanna dress up. I'm very happy that I bought them!", "Loved this sandals! Perfect fit and so comfortable, I wear them all day. Will be buying more pairs in the future.", "This was as perfect or even better than what I expected!  Comfortable, fits your foot nicely and I can wear and walk for hours!", "Purchased these for use in hotel shower, and also as slippers in the hotel room. Can't stand the idea of being barefoot in a hotel shower or even walking in my socks on a hotel room floor!  Previously I used flip flops (the between-the-toes kind), but I found myself slipping in them. I also used to bring fuzzy slippers for walking in the hotel room...but nowadays luggage space is a premium. Needed a pair of slides that works dual as shower and hotel floor protection.These nikes aren't going to work for the shower. The material on the underside of the strap are not waterproof. Water is held in there for a while...takes at least overnight to dry.I'm still looking for the perfect slides for travel. In the meantime, I'm using these around the house as an indoor slipper.These are comfy, and my feet don't seem to slip in them (with or without socks on). I like that these don't have those rubber nub things on the foot bed like the common slides. I read that those can be painful even when wearing a short amount of time.", "Nike always delivers.  Very comfortable to walk around in or take to the beach.  I use it for basically everything.", "Love my nikes. Fits well, comfortable and affordable. I would recommend these to family and friends to wear to and from the golf course. Easy transition if wear a light weight sock also.", "I LOVE THESE SLIPPERS! i have a lot of different ones from not only nike but jordan, aididas, reabok. I LOVE THSE SLIPPERS THE CARBON FIBER LOOK IS SLEAK AND ATTRACTIVE EXTREMELY COMFORTABLE. THEY DEF RUN A SIZE SMALL. BUT I KNEW THAT FROM PAST NIKE SANDALS. OVERALL AMAZING BUY", "They are comfortable. I would recommend these sandals to everyone. They fit perfectly. I will shop with you again. Thank you", "I love these shoes, I have 3 pair and they are my go to shoe all the time!!! They fit perfect true to size.", "Pretty good shoes. I wear them at school every day. The thing is I am not sure how long they would last me. They are comfortable and easy to walk around in and don't slide off your feet at all. I highly recommend them if you want a comfortable easy-fit slide (:", "Great sandals I have had these type of sandals for years.  I wear them year round. Wouldn't go without them!", "My daughter purchased these sandals herself and practically lives in them.  She says they are comfortable and easy on her feet.  Good selection and price.", "Bought these for my daughter, she loves them, comfortable and sturdy. The top is padded well, so no rubbing wrong.", "I bought this for my brother so I went a size up since it was a woman's slipper. The slipper ended up being too big. If you intend to purchase this for a man just use regular sizing.", "Great shoes that I have been wearing for over 2 years.  Wear well and still look good!  I would recommend Nike products to anyone.", "I have always bought Nike a half size bigger than I normally wear. No exception here.Great shoe. Very tactile feel. Not sure if it qualifies for true minimalist shoe but definitely close.", "Due to lack of information I purchase a pair of the NIKE shoes and I specify \"Wide\". then @ the arrival time I intent to try, I did fine that they will not fit my foot, checking the new pair I find that the with was standard. When I contacted them I found that I have to be charge 8/9 dls.  just to return the shoes. Well you guessed correct if you guess that \"I will never deal with them again.", "I am size 8 1/2 which was exactly I received but this item shall be 1/2 size bigger ( size 9 ) to feel likesize 8 1/2. Feel very tight and not comfortable when wear it.", "These shoes look great on.  I like the crisp clean white look of the shoe plus the silver detail.  Very stylish!", "it's a very nice type of nike shoe, comfortable. Only have a precausion to order half or one size bigger than you are, cause this type of shoe is not so wide.", "i don't know what happen but my shot got better and moves got more crisp once i put these shoes on.", "These shoes are the most comfortable I have ever worn!I wouldn't wwear them on harsh road as I think you would feel every rock. I wore these on a shopping trip. any shoes I wear on days like that I can't wait to get off, but not these! I realize I got a bargain. They fit true to size.", "this shoe is very light. My daughter is a barista and on her feet the whole shift.Says this shoe is so comfortable.", "Well made shoe with great arch support especially for my son with flat feet.  Great room in the toe box. Will purchase again!", "Ok but now that I've gotten more serious into running, I wouldn't buy Nike anymore for running, but do ends on the person and how it fits your foot. I like Brooks and Saucony better for me.", "It's big enough to fit a house key and some ID.  That's all I need it for.Doesn't impact the way my shoe flexes when I walk either.", "I bought this sturdy shoe for an active eight year old.  I really like the thick sole and the style of the shoe is very nice.  Quick delivery.", "By far I am very happy with these shoes, When I wear them It looks like I walk over grass.", "I bought a pair of these shoes about a week ago.  The sales people in the store said that these shoes are the MOST comfortable shoes in the store.  I was skeptical at first but after walking around in them for a few minutes, I realized that they ARE really comfortable.  I've been wearing them every day since.", "Nike made a fine boot in the GTX ACG Goretex. I searched numerous boots, ranging from all these name brands: The North Face, Arc'Teryx, Marmont, Columbia, Merrell, Asolo, Saloman and nothing came close fit, quality, price.They actually don't feel like boots and are fashionable, unlike the other brands. If you're looking for a solid/sturdy gortex fashionable boot, I'd recommend these.", "I had a pink pair from last year and they are now all worn.  I waited too long in the season to buy another pair, which means I wasn't able to get the color I wanted, but I would definitely buy these shoes again.", "Wife loves them", "The cushioned foam insoles are very nice.  Size is as expected. I wear them inside while standing on hard tile floors for extended periods", "I bought my daughter the black and white slides for her birthday and she started looking for other color options. These were the ones that she picked and they are adorable. My only complaint is that once you get that pink dirty you can't get it clean again. However, these are some of the most comfortable slides on the market. Both my daughter and I have a couple of pairs. Highly recommened for style and comfort.", "My daughter loved the shoe as most kids do love NIKE'S. The shoe is comfortable yet it is an exact fit so if you need a little room go up a size.", "These are the most comfortable slides I've every purchased. The memory foam just cradles  my feet, it feels amazing after a long day at work. I would definitely purchase another pair.", "The shoes are very comfortable to wear and you can wear them anywhere.  The3y look cute with anything and the ccolors go with everything.", "This is my second pair of &#34;comfort slides&#34; from Nike. They have new color combos that are fun & playful. Great for summer!", "I cant wait to get home and put these on. They are adjustable and dont have that toe thing like on a thong type. Love these.", "Will order more colors soon. Didn't take a long time to get. Memory form doesn't last as long. Thank ou", "awesome sandal, very comfortable. I needed something comfortable for summer, I usually wear nike sneakers, but I wanted something that would keep me a bit cooler in the very hot weather. These are the perfect sandals for me. They are so comfortable and I love all the colors, I would like to get more. very satisfied with the purchase.", "I normally wear size 9 but I had to get these in size 10, other than that I love them.  Very comfortable.", "Love these sandals! Super nice color combination, and super comfy. Anything Nikeis always good, so if you are interested in good comfortable quality sandal, then I highly recommend to buy.", "Vendor quickly shipped product, I just think that dishes are actually smaller then shown. But the product is great I was able to give as a gift", "I owned my last pair of Nike sandals for 11 years and loved them but they wore out!  When I first put on this pair they were not too comfortable but now after only two or three times of wearing them they are great! They seem to mold to my feet, I wear them all of the time!!!", "I am a very consistent size 6.  I can go into a store, pick out a pair of shoes in my size, and buy them without even trying them on.  99.9% of the time they fit.  These were too short.  My heel slightly sticks out of the back.", "The shipper was great quick and great packaging. The sandal is narrow and because of the pillow cushion (which I thought would be wonderful) they are actually hard to stand on. Not at all as comfortable as I thought.", "I love these sporty looking nike slides!! They are sooo comfy with the cushy center aaaahh!! Shopping and walking all over in these are great!! No more sore feet :) they are like walking on air! Fit true to size and great quality material! Love them!", "I like it", "I found these slides too stiff and tight. They are cute though. Sent them back because of the poor fit and I found it very hard to walk in them due to the stiffness of the shoe. Company took them back without a problem.", "the strap on this slid rubs on the top of your foot and your foot slips on the foot bed.", "I am so glad I ordered these sandals.  They are very comfortable and sporty.  I would definitely recommend them.", "I like the product but am not impressed by the sizing. I'm disappointed in this. I would have preferred the sizing to be better clarified.", "Where's them after her games, she seems like she's truly relieved after she puts them on, like a weight has been lifted off her feet :--)", "The shoes are perfect, very comfortable. I recommend this to anyone who wants comfort, sizes are cut U.S. not china.", "This is my 3rd pair!  I have some severe back problems and when they &#34;flare up&#34; - these are the sandals I always choose to wear", "This is my 3rd pair of Nike slides.  The first pair wore out in the insole material.  I need the padding and these are very comfortable for my feet and back with arch support.  I do wish the insole was a sueded leather for durability.  Otherwise they wear very well.  I use them mostly indoors.  I really have never seen this red anywhere else.  I bought another pair in black with blue insole.  I may start wearing them outside.  I now have trouble wearing thongs comfortably, so these are much more comfortable.  I love them!", "I have had Nike Flipflops before but just liked them being Nike,but when i saw these in a store & tried them on. OMG--they were like heaven!! the cushiony feel & memory foam sole are so COMFY!! Id recommend these to anyone. They have a few colors too but i opted for basic black. They didnt have my size in store & not many people carry the womens version of these Nike Flipflops so i knew Amazon would have. & yes---they did. Perfect!!", "its ok. i like the colors, but the fitting is weird, but my foot keeps moving forward. im returning it.", "Its a slide shoe made by nike.  Not much you can say about it.  Its a good fit and its comfortable.", "I have neuropathy........and these sandals are the best fit and the best for my feet.  I do not have to worry about my pain when I where these as they provide cushion and comfort.  I would recommend these to anyone who suffers from neuropathy!", "i have a pair of this sandal, wore it out so got a new one. but this pair i just received came dirty! brown stains on the inside foot area. i tried to clean it, but still stained. this product from this company is highly recommended to avoid ever buying!", "I love this. I use as a home slippers. Next time I will order a big size because the Velcro keeps opening every now and then.", "I wear a size 6 but these are a small fit wish I knew they fit small so I could have ordered them one size larger.", "on the pair i ordered there was a suggested retail tag on the shoe for alot less than what I paid.  The shoe did appear to be worth the higher price.  But not to me.", "I have had a pair of these for over 4 years now and love them. I purchased these for my grandaughter.", "My daughter and I love these. They are cushy and flexible. We love the blue with the black. They also form to your foot. Great shoe!!", "What I was looking for comfortable adjustable bought 2 more in different colors for all my girls they love them", "They arrived fast. They were the right size and color I ordered and I will order them again. Although a little more than I wanted to pay.", "I have high arches and semi-narrow feet which are fair boney, but nice looking. ;0) I like shoes that are stylish and comfortable. In the past, I've been obsessed with Borns, but the newer ones haven't been as comfy. I love the Crocs Patricia II for wearing out (comfortable, good arch support, and stylish), but needed something for just around the house. I first tried the Nike Comfort Slide, but they sent me the wrong color and when I tried it on the foam was uncomfortable and didn't give my arch any support. Then I tried the Crocs Meleen, but the footbed nubs were really sharp and not soft like the Patricia II. Also the high upper strap was tight on my slender boney foot and I found it painful. It also cut off circulation to my feet and left them numb feeling. Since I have slender feet, this hasn't happened with other shoes I've tried before. Finally I tried the Sanrah and found it to be very comfortable. It has soft footbed nubs like the Patricia II, good arch support, and a lower heel than the Patricia II, which I thought was better for around the house.", "flip flops are so comfy. good fit and they are gel soles that are so soft and comfy. good fit and strap is adjustable and doesn't dig into your foot", "She loves them.  She asked me for them last year fpor her birthday and I forgot.  She won't take them off!", "My daughter wanted these Nike slides, she said they are comfortable and loves, but they slide off easily do to the silk like material.", "They are very comfortable but I ordered a size ten and it feels like a size 9 so Ryder one size bigger but overall they are good", "i have horribly aching feet for the last few months,and only had basic flip-flops to wear for slip ons. the picture of this shoe.and the reviews and the great sale price are what actually got the shoe purchase by me. the shoes arrived on time,great packaging,new,just like the picture.perfect fit.order to size.they're comfy! so ive had them about 3 months now,and worn them almost everyday this summer.i have kinda wide feet at the toes so they are almost to narrow ,But the Velcro adjusts easily(and is still in great Velcro shape) the padding seemed to be a type of gel and has (deflated or lost alot of gelantasis properties(mostly only in my big toes area. alot of grime tends to gather in between the gel cushion(but that could be just from my wear and tear of them or my foot cleanliness. also i do notice that at the base of the straps its pulling apart bad.this happened about a week in to wearing them.ill probably glue the straps so they dont fall off.they are so cute. they're styllin. from the hip hop girl to the golf granny seriously they are good lookin. so id recommend this shoe to anyone who needs comport and support in a sporty sandle!", "I love this sandal for its comfort.  However, when water my plants outside with the garden hose I got them wet.  That is where it began they now stink and I even tried washing them but once that gel cushion get wet THEY STINK, THEY MAKE MY FEET STINK!!!", "Bought these for my daughter and she is beyond delighted. She has told me numerous times how much she loves the color and more importantly - how comfortable they are. They do run small (she needed a full two sizes up!). She normally wears an 8 and opted for a size 10 (she has maybe worn an 8.5 on other shoes - but never anything bigger, so a 10 was a shock!). I wear a size 7 and I would actually be able to wear these! If you are in question on size - make sure to buy bigger!", "The colors are summery and snazzy and the fit and feel are very comfortable - this is my second pair of Nike sandals which I still wear - they do hold up very well.", "very good quality and fit, comfortable sole with arch support which is important to me.  Love the color as well.", "I thought they would be a size 7 but there not a regular 7 they dont fit, wish I could trade for a size bigger", "They are so comfortable and great for around the house! They are my recommended house slippers/slides. They are pretty comfortable and easy to slip right into.", "Was looking for something for the summer that would be comfortable since I have callous on thebottom of my feet. These are great. I wish there were more colors available. I would buy anotherpair.", "Love these sandals.  Wish the strap did not have to be so tight, but after wearing a few days they fit great!", "These are so comfortable and are way better than I expected! They are also so bright in color and I get so many compliments! The shipping was super fast, I got them within 5 days of me buying them! Overall if you are thinking about getting these buy them!", "Great Item for kids with sports.  Kids love to take off athletic shoes and put these on.  They do run small so be sure to order 1-2 sizes larger.  my 10 year old wears a size 7 but we had to return an 8 and get a 9.", "todo bien la talla el color el modelo son originales en envio la fecha fue cumplida segun lo acordado en general todo salio bien siempre pendientes por parte del envio", "Hate them they didn't fit write neither if them I really like to return them if I could that would be great", "I own a size 9 pair in brown that I purchased in a department store and these pink ones I purchased here are definitely not a size 9. Not happy with this purchase.", "I like these slides a lot. I am on my second pair, and use them as house slippers. The cushioning is very comfortable, and I like the good air circulation around the foot. For closed-toe shoes I usually need a 7.5. But open toed shoes I prefer a 7. I have a narrow foot, so when I can get an open toe, a smaller size works better for me. I did get the 7 and I am happy with it. It's snug, but my foot doesn't slide and the shoe stays on.", "I now own two pairs of these comfort slides and several of the thong style comfort slides, I will not wear any other sandals they are so comfortable epecially since I have no arch in my foot and have back issues, great sandals I love them!!!", "These sandals are super comfortable. I usually wear an 8 or 8.5 but had to go with a 9 I am thinking now I should have maybe even gone with a 10, but regardless, still very comfy and nice style.", "Very comfortable and a well-made slide, with the exception of the velcro which doesn't work very well.  For the money, I would not recommend.", "Love the product but no invoice in the shipment bag? What if I needed to return it? There would be no documentation, was surprised the shipment did not include any paperwork", "I need a pair flip flop to wear indoor,  Very comfortable and I liked the strap is adjustable, just in case some cool days I can wear it with socks", "I really am glad I purchased thise slides.  They are so comfortable.  The footbed is so soft and it makes your feet feel so go when you are wearing them.  I wish they came in a Topaz Blue/Gray, I would buy them!Thank you!", "I couldn't ask for more comfortable slides. I wish I would have bough 2 pair instead of just one. Very nice slides", "Hi-First of all they don't have half sizes so I ordered down on my normal size 6 and a half so be aware and if you were a half size order the size up, not down like I did. Next to being too small, I found them to not be very comfortable because the cushion that is in the shoe does not go over the entire shoe so it's like have a pillow on the shoe that doesn't fit the shoe right. When I slip my feet in I want the bottom of the shoe to be even.", "it was a good rating. The shoe fit perfect on my feet. I like the color and how the shoe is made.", "I've owned these in the past (diff colors) and knew how comfortable they would be .  They are exactly what I expected", "Um excelente produto , muito macio e leve, e com um preo fora do comum.Recomendo a todos, como digo que comprarei mais.", "I love this sandals so much! They are so squishy and comfy that it doesn't even feel like your wearing shoes! I always get complements whenever I wear them! I am very happy that I bought them and I have absolutely zero regrets at all. I didn't find a single thing that I didn't like about them! And I love the colors too. They are super bright and awesome for spring and summer!", "These are incredibly comfortable sandals. However, once they got wet they started emitting a vile odor. I've already tried a product for pet urine to no avail. I'm about to contact Nike. What a shame. Doesn't this company do any quality control? Is there black mold in there? I will probably end up ripping them apart and posting the pictures. What a disappointment!", "They are easy to walk in.  the adjustable top strap makes it easy to fit the foot.  I will definitely buy another pair.", "These are so comfortable its like walking on a pillow. The color is very nice and they look exactly like the picture.", "I bought this shoe to wear after back surgery.  They were broken in quickly, about two days.  They have just the right amount of arch support for me.  They look good too.", "I have owned 3 pairs of comfort slide nike sandals. These are extremely comfortable and beautiful. I got them as a gift for my fiance and she was in tears when the puppy chewed them up. A little expensive and not great for water at all. But for walking the dog or walking around the house they are great. One other thing to be aware of is that they are hard to clean and if the top layer tears (its thin nylon) at all from scrubbing them. Then you have about 1 week left in the life of them.", "Soft, beautiful, comfortable sandals.  they look really nice on and the padding is phenomenal!  would buy more they are great", "Okay - so my niece had these flip-flops on and I loved, loved them.  She couldn't say enough about how much she liked them.  I know from looking at them in the stores that they are a little expensive but she said it was SO worth the money.I had a hard time finding my size in the stores and decided to look on Amazon.  I couldn't find my size in the color I wanted and settled for a different color which is fine.  They are a little more expensive then what I usually spend on flip-flops.When they arrive (within a week) I put them on immediately.  The gel sole is amazingly comfortable!  I think I heard my feet sigh in relief!  Now the only thing I'm not sure if I like about these flip-flops... the material on the sole is like a nylon.  We have had 5 consecutive days of tempuratures above 90 degrees and if your feet are hot the nylon kinda holds in the moisture and heat.But I really like them and have no regrets spending the extra money.  After all, your feet deserve it!", "Very comfortable and I love them! Came on time!Now it's getting warm I can wear them!Thank you & might order some for the kids!", "Well, I must say I was very happy when I came into contact with these slides and these colors. First, I was to brag on the color choice amazon offers. I've looked around on other websites and could not find these shoes in the color I  wanted. I ordered the Atomic Teal/Mint/Redwood color and they look great. Teal and mint are very in this season. I normally wear slides with socks when it gets colder so I simply undo the straps and make more room. The shoes do run small which why I ordered a size larger. Nike typically runs small. They are comfortable and good around the house shoes. The price is a little steep but don't let that shy you away from the shoe, you're paying for the Nike name brand. Overall, good buy. I've owned them for about a month now so if there's any drastic changes I'll update my review but other than that these slides are a good buy.", "I  bought thes slildes for my granddaughter and she loves them.  The size ran a little small, so I ordered the size 7 even thuogh she normally wears a 6.  They are a perfect fit.  The color is a beautiful blue and they are extremely well made and comfortable.", "Its not comfortable the straps feels bulky not as soft as the under amour slippers.", "Slipper very comfortable . I wear 71/2 ordered the 8 but felt that it just barely made the cut for size of my foot. But really no extra room for tightening . My feet are slender so if you feet or wide or slightly in between wide & slender these aren't for you . These slippers run small in size & they don't come in half sizes . Kinda disappointed with Nike on this issue. Even thought about going up to the size 9 to have extra comfort  room .", "I purchased my first pair at TJ Maxx a couple of years ago, and have paid full price now online to get additional colors!  These slides have gel at the balls of my feet which is where I have knots that bother me from time to time.  Another feature is that the slides open and close with velcro, so when I get a pedicure, I don't have to slide my foot in and risk messing up my pedicure.  All I do is open the top of the slide, put my foot in, then re-fasten over my foot with the velcro.  If you have narrow or wide feet, the velcro will allow you to adjust the width to your foot.  Genius!", "for the price and the name, construction is poor.  no arch suppot, no extra padding in the heal.  these need to be reworked, not all people have arches or heal pads.", "These are very comfortable sandals, and the comfort footbed has really helped to relieve some recent pain in my metatarsal area. I also love that the straps are adjustable so I can tighten/loosen as needed. Considering ordering these in other colors too!", "So surprised all I ever buy is nike flops these are so uncomfortable and fit horribly. ..wasted alot of money ..not happy w purchase at all!!!", "I enjoy these slide on, very comfortable, long lasting slide on. These slide on might be around for a long time. I'm very happy with my choice of slide on.", "Love these shoes. I bought them in black last year and was excited to see them in pink this year. I have MS and my legs are very painful and it is hard to walk a lot. These shoes are so comfortable that I find I can do more walking with them on.", "If you are going to order these add a size or 2 to what you usually wear. I also suggest breaking them in, the sides blister. The memory foam is comfortable but nothing else is.", "I got the shoes for Mother's Day. And she loves them! She wears the shoes all the time, because they are so comfortable.", "The sandals seem to be a tad bit smaller than what I would usually assume a shoe or sandal of this size would be, but they work. Also they are super comfy!", "I wear a size 6 in running shoes (I'm a true 5 or 5 1/2) and the size 6 fits great. I probably could have done a 5 1/2 but definitely not a 5. The strap was a little stiff at first, but loosened up once I wore them around for awhile and got the straps adjusted right (yay for Velcro).", "I bought these for my girl friend and she says they are somewhat comfortable but very narrow and she has wide feet because of an accident so it didn't feel to secure, the color was nice though.", "These shoes are so comfortable they exceeded my expectations. I only bought them to match a purple summer dress.  I will be buying more and I am not at all a sandal person. Some sandals allow for blisters, but not these ones.  It's like i'm walking on pillows all day long :)  They are also affordable and well worth every penny spent.  The variety of colors are easy to match up with any outfit too.  Both of my daughters ordered some as well, because they love mine so much.  The addidas sandals have a thicker strap making my feet look wider than they should, however the Nike strap is slender making feet appear even thinner than they are. Overall they're a great buy.", "They are very comfortable and it helps that they have the strap at the top to adjust the fit. At first, I had problems with these slides though. If the strap was a little too loose, my foot would slide out too easily. But if they were tight enough to keep on my feet but loose enough to have room, the strap would rub against the top of my foot, leaving like a rug burn or something. I think it helps to not walk such long distances at once when you are breaking them in which would probably go for many other shoes for that matter. Now they don't rub at all and they are still adjusted the same, making them even more comfortable. I wear them anytime I just need to make a quick run or if I am running late to classes. They are super convenient and super comfy and I would definitely recommend them to anyone who loves comfort and convenience.", "this product is great and very comfortable and soft... although i read the reviews first before purchasing and it does run small so if you are getting this get 2 size from your original size.... the only down side is it get dirty easy....", "Perfect !  Very Comfortable ! ! These sandals will take me through the summer months ! They are easy to slip on  and ready in an instant to wear,", "the shoe looks good. but I could not wear it because the width was not good.i need a wider shoe.", "Thank you , it's good as I expected. And I wear them after i practice. I'm glad that I brought it :)", "the size was not just a little smaller than expected but an ENTIRE SIZE smaller. definitely well made but beware of the size. you will not be happy if you order your usual size.", "This is one of the best sandals my wife has worn as it made her comfortable and it feels like you are walking on a cloud. Great product and I highly recommend for anyone who gets foot pains.", "I bough these slides for the hot tub area and they work wonderfully. They dry rapidly so are ready for use the next day. Love the color, too.", "I bought these for my mom and she loves them, it fits her just as expected. These slippers are very comfortable and sporty.", "These are comfy for sure, but I don't care for the quality of the sole. I think Nike could do better.", "Very comfortable and cute slides. You can adjust the strap to fit perfectly on you foot. They arrived in perfect condition and on time!", "I have two sets of these.  They are the absolute best sandals I have ever encountered.  The strap is adjustable for secure fit and the sole is padded everywhere.  My first ones have been on my feet daily for 9 months and still feel great.  What a value!", "i got his for my wife she loves them the only thing she does not like is where the taunge is by the toes the material pushes in on her foot", "I love the cushion sole but they seem to be for &#34;thick&#34; feet upwards (if that makes sense).  I have wide feet but feel like they are way too loose on my feet.  I probably would NOT have purchased them if I had tried them on in a store.", "I wear the same size in Merrill and Yellow Box sandals, but this shoe was too loose across the top while barely being long enough.  Not a good fit at all.  Be very careful if you choose this shoe.  They are pretty, though, for whatever that's worth.", "Im a bit disappointed because I always wear a size & but when I got this one it was a bit too small. Thought it would have stretched a little with wear but my heal still sits on the rim of the sole! Other than that has a nice look jus wished it could have fit me better.", "Nice fit after a few wearings - I'm a solid size 9 and these needed just a little stretching, but that's better than being too loose.  I'm not usually a flip-flop fan, but I find that I'm wearing these everywhere - I even tossed aside my house slippers in favor of these shoes. Comfortable enough for dog walks and days at the park / beach, unlike my old flip-flops that were just a thin layer of rubber. Cute, too.", "I think that I will learn to like the way that these fit, but the first time wearing them, they are very narrow and run a little small.  A bit disappointed by the shoe seeing how much this pair of flip flops cost.", "I've owned these and love them. They are super comfortable, and I've found them great for walking and very durable. My dog chewed one and so here I am shopping for a new pair. The shopping has been VERY frustrating as the ones marked Prime are only offering one color AND ONE SIZE for Prime. Make any other size selection than 6 and pay $5 shipping. Ridiculous. The listing should not be marked Prime when this is the case. Very frustrating. 5 stars for the product. Too bad I can't rate Amazon on this.", "My BF got this one as he didn't like the man's models.He is normally a size 8 and he is very happy with this one.", "Words can't describe how comfortable these are!  I'm an ER RN so I know I good shoes when I see them!  I love wearing these on my days off and would be great for a trip to Disney which is where we're heading in a few weeks.  I can't say enough about these, they're great.  This is my second pair and I just bought my daughter a pair who's heading to college this fall.  Perfect shoe for walking all over campus! Just a tip to keep in mind, these run small so I suggest ordering a size larger than you normally wear.  Enjoy!", "best ev Due to major back surgery in 2005.  I haven't been able to wear any type of toe separater thong in years, these are fantasic.  Thank you Nike.", "This is the 2nd pair of the same slides I bought, because I love them so much. Great cushioning, feet stay cool and dry, and they are so comfy to walk around in.", "I bought these while on a trip in Vegas.  With all the walking we were doing my usually comfortable Aerosole sandals were just not cutting it.  I bought a pair of these Nike's and wore them every other day that we did a lot of walking and they were incredibly comfortable.  No break-in time required and not even a hint of a blister or soreness anywhere.  These things rock!!  Even more comfortable than my crocs, and I think they are more stylish looking as well.", "Some what small & narrow which I wasn't expecting but love the cushiones and the toe strap is soft & confortable", "Nike has become synonymous with quality footwear.  The thought and designing that went into this product attests to that fact.  First of all, these flip-flops are fantastically comfortable.  The memory foam surface conforms to and supports your foot with unparalleled comfort.  For that, this product deserves 5 stars.  In addition, the soles are durable and slow little sign of wear.  But there's a dark side to these sandals...they don't last.My wife bought a pair of these about 11 months ago and the fabric beneath both of her big toes has already worn through, and the foam is peeling away.  The fabric also wore through along the edges of one of the heels.It's not like she wears these year round...we live in Idaho, so flip-flop weather lasts only half of the year...if you are lucky.  In our experience, if someone were to wear these consistently, they might see unacceptable levels of wear and tear within 6 months.That is simply not acceptable for a sandal that costs $30-40.  I mean, I usually don't spend more than that for shoes!  For that these sandals deserve 1 star.The only course left open in terms of rating this product is give it the average of the pluses and minuses and give it 3 stars.  We wanted to give it 5, but in our experience it just didn't deserve it, because it just didn't last.", "By far the most comfortable pair of shoes I have ever had.  The cushioning is so thick and squishy, it's indescribable.  I bought a second pair just to make sure I have an on deck pair when my current pair runs out.  Great sandal.", "TOTALLY AWESOME VERY COMFORTABLE AND I NEED THESE IN EVERY COLOR IMAGINABLE.  IT FITS PERFECT AND IT'S LIKE WALKING ON A CLOUD", "Very good padding which feel really good when you walk a lot. I would recommend for people with sensitive feet.", "I love these flip flops they are so comfy! I do wish they were a little wider as I have wide feet but besides that they are amazing :)", "This is an extremely comfy show. I love a good sandal that I can walk long distance in. This is a must have.", "My roommate and I literally laughed out loud when I opened the box. These look like something a little old lady would wear - with socks!", "Bought these for my wife who is a lifeguard, they worked for a couple days but absorbed the water and got moldy and ended up hurting her feet with the reaction. They were comfy for the time but if your looking for something for outdoors in wet areas I would NOT get these.", "I love these flip flops they are so comfy, I love the cushioning. They do run a little small, I usually where an 8 1/2 but I ordered a 9 to make sure they fit. I would recommend them to family & friends", "I absolutely love these, and have ordered them in multiple colours (~10 pairs!). I have Morton's Neuromas in both feet, which are extremely painful, and the cushion in these makes walking much more bearable :)", "I love these shoes, this is my second pair. My great dane ate my first pair. I love these so much!", "My daughter has been strongly advised not to wear flipflops due to her knees hyperextending...but she dearly loves flipflops.  These have enough support that she can wear them fairly frequently without pain.  Any other flipflops have no support whatsoever and cause her pain.  Even without hyperextending knees these are probably better for anyone than the 'Old Navy' type flipflops that you can buy at any convenience or discount store.", "I really liked these when I first got them, even though they could be a little wider to fit properly.  I ended up wearing them at the river (it was an unplanned trip), and forgot I was wearing them when I went in the water.  Now they have a nasty smell to them.  So looks like they will be going in the garbage :(  Definitely not an everyday shoe to wear.", "My mom loves them, it is like a foot bed so she almost never took them offshe is really happy", "I already had a pair I had bought at a mall.  At his was a better price and a good price for Nike. very comfortable.", "I have been looking for this sandal everywhere.  It has been sold out in many stores and too my surprise found my size on Amazon.  Thanks for a smooth transaction, just might order another pair.", "I ordered these Nike sandals for my mom for mothers day and even paid extra to have them shipped faster but I got Under Armor brand sandals instead! Fortunetly my mom still likes Under Armor, so I wont be returning them considering Mothers day is this Sunday... Will not order from this seller again!! VERY irritated! When i order Nike sandals, I EXPECT Nike sandals!", "Very cute and comfortable! I wear a 7.5, and bought a 7. They fit just fine, look nice, and you can walk all day in them. Perfect casual wear.", "Cute and fit perfect,", "I get two pair at the beginning of the season every year.  I can walk for miles in them, they are that comfortable.", "I did not order these my daughter did and she likes them", "I have bought these sandals the last 2 summers, I just love the fit and the comfort!", "Love, love, love the Nike comfort sandal. This sandal is comfortable, stylish,durable and easy to clean. I own several pairs in numerous colors. I highly recommend this product. My best advice, if you see a color you like buy it before it's gone for the season.", "I love these sandals - they are comfortable and fit great - I cant wear the cheap ones as they hurt my feet", "I don't wear sandals, but my wife loves these things and owns 4 or 5 pair. Do yourself a favor and save a little money. While the going price through amazon.com seems to be $28-$37, depending on the seller, I picked up a pair at Dunham's Sports today for $27.41 including sales tax, I didn't have to pay shipping, and the store was only a half mile out of my way after leaving work. Sure you can find awesome deals here, but it pays to shop local sometimes.", "These are the best thongs! I can wear them all day and never have sore feet. If you need a thong that can be worn for walking this is the shoe for you.", "These are the most comfortable sandals I've ever worn. The only problem is when you wash them, they lose the cushion that makes them so soft.  So, they are not good for anything near water. It ruins the comfort.", "I buy these for my son because they don't make them for boys....he wears a 4 1/2 so I bought a womans 6 and they fit perfectly...and they look boyish..........his friends want some.....", "I have had these before and they are great--i work on my feet and they are comfortable for hours!  they have just enough support.", "I am very pleased with the cute pink thong.  I fit just as expected and they are so comfortable on my feet.  Will defintely buy again.", "Who doesn't love a comfy pair of shoes!?  These are so nice to put on your feet and feel like you are walking on air!  Would love in more colors for the summer months!", "these fit a bit loose.  I have another pair the same size that I bought at a shoe store, and they fit better.  Not complaining though as they are still very comfortable to wear.", "I have quite a few of these in different colors.  I take them everywhere and leave a pair at work. Great comfort, looks good and feels sensational.  Affordable as well.", "Everthing we ordered was as expected,only the plants came dryed out only a few of the Cauliflower seeds sprouted to plants. I figured we would only get about half of the plants to go..We more then likely not order again on line.", "Excellent shoe's they are very soft. They run a little small so you will need to purchase one size larger than you normally wear.", "I love the feel of these sandals but they don't fit. I always buy 8 1/2 B shoes but purchased 9 B because they are, after all, Nike sandals. Lengthwise they are the correct fit for my feet but width wise they are too small - my toes hang over the edge. I'm going to have to ship them back because they don't come in any other width. So sad...", "I really enjoy them!! They are absolutely comfortable to walk in. I prefer to wear them instead of wearing my tennis shoes.", "This is my third pair I love these shoes I wear them out so always need a back up pair", "Love, love, love these flip flops. They have memory foam in the soles, the strap does not chaffe anywhere on my foot or between my toes, which is why I normally do not wear flip flops. And for the final test, I wore the to Walt Disney world, averaged 7 miles a day for 6 days straight and they held up great and kept me from getting blisters. Loved them so much, I ordered 3 more pairs.", "Never had a sandal/thong that I liked this much.  Totally comfortable.  I have 6 pair in different colors.  Please keep carrying them on your site.", "I thought these would be as comfortable as the easy tone sandals. There not, within an hour my feet hurt. Im flat footed and these sandles offer very little support.", "They are very comfortable.. The color is perfect for me as it is one of my favorites. They will last a long time as most Nike products.", "They run a little small so I went up a whole size just to make sure my entire foot was on the shoe and not hanging over. I highly recommend.", "Nice shoe but wish I would have waited to buy,found them at several other places for $10 to $15 less,so overpriced.", "They were the right size they fit very well and look very nice The color was nice and I liked it very much", "Very comfortable, am actually looking to buy a few more pair, if I can find them at a cheaper price.", "Have 3 pairs now.  Could just live in them all summer. They are well made, very cushioned, look spiffy for thongs.  I have 'problem' feet so comfortable shoes are uber-important to me.  Pricey, but worth it if your feet need TLC.", "I wore these for the last three months of my pregnancy--almost exclusively. They were both the only thing that fit and exceedingly comfortable. I've also worn them walking around theme parks, so they hold up well to long periods of walking without blisters. For a flip flop, they provide plenty of support.", "I bought these after trying on my sister's pair. They are the best sandals I've had! The only thing is they're a little small, even for Nikes. I usually order a half size up in Nike shoes but probably could have gone a whole size. It wasn't so bad I need to return them, just have my toes right up to the edge.", "I am not sure how many pairs of these I have had, lets just say I get at least 2 pairs every year as they are very comfortable and I tend to wear them 11 months of the year, all the time, everywhere... fun weekends, work, etc!  I even now have friends buying these flip flops!!", "I absolutely love these. They are so comfortable. This will be my fourth pair as I buy one yearly.  This year I am thinking of buying more than one - what if they stop making them?", "These are my everyday shoes.  I have all the colors.  They are very comfortable.  I highly recommend of shoes for comfort and style.", "These are the best sandals I have ever owned. Word of caution, I purchased a pair from Kohl's that were very inconsistent size wise but I did not return before I wore them too much (my bad).", "I take a UK size 6 but ordered a size 7 but they were too small and unwearable  Unfortunately it would have been too expensive to return them as postage cost more than sandals", "I chose Nike thongs for our cruise vacation and wore them everywhere: near pool, at the beach. Love them. Bought another pair for my mom. They are very comfy and well made.", "I found these shoes to be very comfortable and excellent to wear to and from the gym. I have had a previous pair. This was a repeat purchase.", "Great comfy shoe, narrow fit but way too small! I ordered these for my mom who is a size 9. I tried them on myself and I am a size 7 and they fit me!", "These  are the best flip flops I have ever had!  these are very comfortable. I  want to buy  every color", "These are the MOST COMFORTABLE flip flops I have ever worn.  In fact, I will wear nothing else since I've gotten used to them.", "I love these! Nike Comfort Thongs are the most comfortable flip flops I've ever worn. The footbed is very soft and cushiony. They stay on my feet very well and they are comfortable to walk in for a long time. I have two pairs (black straps/black footbed and light blue straps/silver footbed). I bought my regular size and the fit is perfect for me. In the past I haven't felt flip flops were comfortable enough for a lot of walking, but I wore these most of the time during a recent San Francisco and wine country vacation with no problems. I have a fairly high arch so a lot of sandal type shoes don't provide enough arch support for me, but these are sooooo comfortable. It's unusual for me to buy two colors in the same shoe, but I couldn't pass up the great comfort in this style. Thanks, Nike!", "The cushion is very comfortable and they can be worn for long periods of time and my feet still feel great. The only problem is they do run a bit on the small side. I am a size 10 and have been forever and usually there is a bit of space at the front and back of the sandal that my foot does not take up. That is not the case with this sandal. On level ground there is no problem but when going up or down hills my foot tends to slide forward or back and then it overhangs the sandal a bit. I would buy these again but would definitely buy a size larger.", "This is my second pair of these Nike Thong Sandals and I just love them.The first pair I wore out and when I got these new ones I had forgotten how cushy they are.Highly recommend.", "Have several pairs of these and love them!  Very comfortable and they wear well!  I still have several pairs from last year that are in good shape.", "Shoes fit great. Soft soles and comfortable to walk in.", "Yes, these Nike Flip Flops are awesome.  I've purchased a few different pairs in the past.  However, what I really didn't appreciate from this seller is the fact that I bought it for $47 and it arrives in the box with a prominently displayed $32 price tag on it.  I recognize certain sizes and colors can be in high demand, but still it is the principle of the matter.  No one likes to feel 'had' -- and I bet just about everyone who opens the box feels just like I did!  I returned it and bought a different colored pair for $32 on Zappos.", "Ultimate in comfort, but these flip flops run a smidgen small. I would be more comfortable in a half size larger than I normally wear, but in a time crunch since I'm taking them on a beach vacation.", "I love this thong. I had a pair before, so I knew what to expect. Very comfortable and supports the arch.", "I choose this thong for comfort as well as I needed a new pair for this Summer..I like the color also.", "Ok. this is the second year i've bought these awesome sandals but seriously. they run tiny.  Maybe its more narrow than anything but i wear a 9/9.5 and i had to get them in an ELEVEN.  My toes don't sit together when I walk, they kind of spread out i guess? but my little toe was just barely hanging on in the 10s.  Try them on or be prepared to return them if you buy true to size.  They are the most comfortable thong on the market, IMO. :)", "If you can't wear traditional rubber flip flops because they dry out your feet and contribute to cracked heels then you will love these sandals.", "I really like the product and won't return it... but truly, my foot is at the far end and toes eeking off the sides.  If they had extra wide size, I didn't notice that.  They're comfortable... best I've ever owned, except for the fit thing.  So I suggest, buy a 1/2 size larger-- especially if you have a wide foot.  Narrow or normal feet should be fine but you might want to buy a little larger for length.Note... they don't really fit well... but I'm STILL wearing them!", "I get these every summer this was a little different style, but I like it and will live in them in the summer...when it comes.", "This thong is fantastic.  I bought two pairs so that I'll have one when this one wears out years from now.  Cushy sole, very comfortable fit.", "Great shoes", "I am very pleased with this sandal.  It is holding up really well and I have worn it a LOT.  Very comfortable.  Worth the money.", "I was disappointed in these, I would expect NIKE to make a casual sandal that has cushioning and support more on par with their sneakers.  The gel cushioning feels nice when you first try them on, but after a short time, it's flattened and there is no arch support.  I returned these and bought something similar from another brand.", "So comfortable and love the look! I'd like to buy it in every color available! The cushioning makes for a great shoe!", "They are very smooth so they don't stay on my feet comfortably, however they are great for my back and glad I purchased them.", "Sandals were extra comfy and fit well definitely a great purchase will recommend sandals to others made a great gift", "If you want a COMFORTABLE and cute pair of flip flops this is it.  You won't want to ever go back to non-padded flip flops again.  I have a pair of these in every color they offer.  I bought a similar style from Under Armour, which cost more, but weren't nearly as comforatble.", "They fit perfect, just like I expected & so comfortable!  This is my second pair & I plan to buy more!!", "Considering I suffer from chronic back pain from a car accident I have only worn The Nike Comfort Thongs for the last few years.Due to my pain levels these are the only sandals I own and can make it through my daily life.Luckily Nike is making these sandals in many different colors and have also made the Nike Comfort Slides. But I purchased the black and vivid pink so now I can be comfortable and match my shoes to my outfits. Nike has given us many very comfortable and amazing color combinations so you can always be right on trend for a very affordable price. I've bought 4 different mix and match pairs to keep in style for the summer and I didn't break the bank doing so.I highly reccomend at least giving them a try, I guarantee you'll be happily surprised.", "Flip flops are all I wear in the summer. These shoes are so comfortable! I love the gel feeling. The part that goes between your big toe and second toe does not rub. Great shoes.", "Buy them every year! Very comfortable! Great for someone like myself who needs the extra support for their ankle! Not walking on flat surfaces! Gives that extra cushion! Shipping was great!", "Runs a bit small. The satin finish makes it difficult to grip while walking. Overall it is a nice sandal.", "LOVE these!!! True to size. So much I have them in 5 different colors and they all feel amazing. They have a memory-gel like footbed that accommodates your footies. I wear them everywhere. They machine wash easily, then air dry them. Wear them to the beach,running errands and Ive been caught in the rain and NO problem!!This is a well made sandal. Ive even ran in them though I would not suggest that. Buy them, you'll love them!  ( hot pink/blk are my faves)", "I wear an 8.5 and I usually buy a 9 for extra room. I bought these in a 9 and they were a bit small.  I dont like my flip flops/sandals to be form fitting. I mean, there really wasn't any wiggle room it and I have to shove my foot forward to a point that it was uncomfortable just to make it seem like they fit. I suggest buying 1 size bigger.", "they are a little pricey. i still wear them around when the weather gets hot especially. They give you some support.", "I tried these on at the store and then bought these from Amazon. The price was higher than sales in the stores but the stores only carry black and hot pink. But this way I knew that they run small. I've never worn flip-flops so I'm still getting used to the thing between the toes and the loose feeling overall but they are just the most comfortable shoes. I was wearing Birkenstock type sandals and they are great but the hard surface was giving me rough spots and callouses. I wanted something that would be pleasing to walk on. This is it! It's like memory foam. I love wearing them in the house as slippers. I wish every shoe had this material as the base. These are a great neutral color with just a touch of the salmon color showing. Really nice.", "the color pink and black was a nice look for anyone who like pink. the feel of this sandal felt nice on my feet. I will be getting another pair for myself again in the same color if possible.", "I absolutely love Nike sandals! The memory foam is so comfy! Best fit of any sandal I have ever tried on.", "I think the color is pretty however i would have selected a different color if i had known the color was such a bright orange, i was hoping for a more subdued orange, but still a nice comfortable shoe.", "Good quality and are very comfy sandals.  Ordered the pink color and it is very pretty, very happy with purchase.", "I love the Nike thong flip flops. This is actually my second pair. They have a memory foam that makes your feet feel good when you walk. I usually order these from Nike but I went with amazon and they are fast and have the same product at a lower price.", "I loved these sandals! But they were too small and when returning them, there was no option to select a bigger size. You have to completely start over. Search for them again and hope they have the size you need. Unfortunately, they only had sizes that were even smaller and larger. Not the size I needed.", "I am on my fifth pair of these shoes. They are perfect. Comfortable for weekend wear, and I save the old pairs for around the house shoes.", "I have worn these before and am happy with the fit .They are super soft and comfortable..I wear them almost everywhere.", "Shoe is literally 2 sizes to small I wear a 9 so I ordered a 9, fits like a 7. Ended up buying a size 11 from a shoe store. When ordering go 2 sizes up. Also no return shipping label?! Very disappointing. Regardless with the correct size they are very comfy.", "My favorite pair of sandals I've ever worn, by a long shot.  Comfortable AND stylish!  Extremely durable as well. Highly recommended.", "These valances are excellent quality and heavier, not light and flimsy like some I have seen. I had to change my order and they had extra courteous customer service and quick delivery!", "Excellent fit.  The soft gel cushion provides comfort all day long. Great product from nike. This is my first pair but will not be the last.", "these are the best flip flops ever! The are pretty and sooo comfortable. Lots of colors available too! I'm likely to buy more colors now!", "I do like the sandal but one makes a noise, as if the inside is cracked. Not sure why but since I am on vacation  can not do anything now. One draw back about buying online you can not try them on. So I now have a noisy sandal.", "I love Nike thongs.  I had purchased a pair 2 years ago and have enjoyed them so much , I bought another pair for fear they would be discontinued, guess that speaks for how much I have enjoyed them  MS", "These are the most comfortable thongs ever.  I can even jog in these thongs.  I have two pairs of these I wear them all summer long.", "These are a must have for the summer wardrobe!! They are cushy comfortable and flashy......Love 'em! The Nike still follows the &#34;runs a smidge small&#34; so get a size larger than you normally wear.", "I bought these sandals about 4 years ago and they are still going strong.  I bought them because I was having some foot pain and these helped tremendously.  They are so comfortable and durable.", "These are comfortable. I can't say they're super special and the fabric makes them prone to get filthy on the streets. Still I like the pillowy feeling.", "These thongs are comfortable & reaonably priced. I love these thongs! Im getting a pair in each color. The price is hard to pass up.", "Comfortable...while it lasts. The memory cushion wears out after 3 months of continuous use.  This product is ok, not the greatest.", "She's only had them a few weeks, so it will be interesting to see how well $50 flip flops hold up.  I'll post again after they get a good workout.  :-)", "I ordered the khaki colored pair a few weeks ago and have worn them every opportunity possible (even to church), very cute and sporty looking and extremely comfy!!! Run small so make sure you order a size up- i'm returning the first pair i ordered right now", "Not quite wide enough for my feet, but very comfy! I really enjoy the comfort foot bed really cushiony !", "Just a tiny bit small but no half sizes and the next size up was too big BUT, extremely comfortable with great cushioning... Bought a pair for my mother who loves them", "Just finishing up my second summer with my first pair of these and I may need to replace them because they're starting to wear out; however, they're the best flip flops I've had.  I have flat feet and am a triathlete.  When I run, my feet are always very sore... these are very soothing.  Even better than bare feet because the padding inside sort of babies my arches.  The fabric under the big toes is starting to tear away now, but to be fair... I wear them almost EXCLUSIVELY, when I'm not wearing my running or cycling shoes (or barefoot).  Many times, I'm wearing them with wet feet because I swim a lot too, and I think that causes my toes to pull on the fabric a bit more and has weakened it (again - after two full summers).  Definitely worth the $30.I'm not a huge fan of Nike running shoes, but their flip flops and apparel are definitely among my favorites.", "I already had a pair that I had worn out! I live in South Carolina and have a tile floor. I have arthritis in my feet so I wear them constantly around the house. Soooo comfortable. I would highly recommend them.", "The fabric on the bottom wore out after a few times of use and they became very dirty. I tried to wash by hand and they never came clean and they fabric tore everywhere.They are great fitting and so comfortable but they need to use a better and more durable fabric on the bottom.", "I bought 3 pair in pink, teal and black two summers ago and I am still wearing these with just as much comfort as the day they were brand new! The memory foam never fails, and I am a plus size woman..so that means a lot! I have wore these for hours at a time on trips, shopping, state fairs, you name it and they are comfortable the entire time. I hope NIKE never alters the style or comfort or stops selling these.", "These nike flip flops are so comfortable on the feet and they never give u any pain..I bought 4 pairs In different colors  so that should tell you something a must have and a must buy 5 stars!!!!", "Good looking sandal and very comfortable. I normally wear 8 1/2 in slippers and the 9's fit well. Good buy. Highly recommended.", "Shoes are exactly as they appear in picture.  Very nice and comfortable.  However they run small.  I ordered a 8, because that is what I wear and I had to return them for a 9.", "I LOVE these shoes!!!  This is the 4th pair I have owned.  I buy a new pair every summer.  They are perfect for walking around anywhere.", "I got these today for me and my daughter at models. They do not come in kids sizes, but a 6 fit her regular 3.5 size just fine (maybe a tiny bit big). She loves them as we'll as I. They are so cozy and well worth $30.00!!!!!!! The first five minutes of walking to my car felt weird because you feel as if you are ruining the memory foam itself while walking, but it is the tough rubber bottom that will getting worn out. Overall I would recommend because they feel so nice and support my feet greatly", "I have owned several pair of these shoes.  I have hard wood floors and I wear them as bedroom slippers.  They are comfortable and soft on your feet.  However, after a while the cushion goes flat.  But nothing lasts forever.I have discovered that when they get wet, they have a terrible gym sock smell.  I put them in the washing machine but the smell didn't go away.  The smell is so strong that you can smell it from anywhere in the room where the shoes are.When I originally bought these shoes the price was reasonable, I didn't notice a smell and they didn't seem to go flat as fast.  Then I guess supply and demand kicked in.  I am probably not going to buy any more since the price has more than doubled and the quality has slipped. Don't get me wrong like any other love affair, they were great for a while but then went flat and smelly.", "I love the sporty look and comfortable feel of these flip flops. A+ from this teacher. Have a nice day!", "The most comfortable footwear I've ever purchased! Period. The moment I set foot in it 8 months ago until this day, (worn them each and every day), I have been in love with this pair. They are so comfortable I don't feel like coming out of these. So much so that I've bought the ice blue ones as well. The pink is exactly as shown in the picture (flashy!) but most of it gets covered underfoot. Fits like a glove.", "Very comfy but they don't look like your casual flip flops. they look too pretty and too dressy. They just don't mesh well with the sand and beach style. Too bad.", "These are my favorite sandals ever. I own 3 pairs in different colors. Very comfy, well made. I will buy these again.", "the flip flop is very comfortable.  the sole feels lovely, but while walking the sole has too much slip.  I can't stand walking in these flip flops. the sole of the flip flop is made of some kind of fabric that is just too smooth for a flip flop.", "The shoe runs just a bit small but is expected if you have purchased Nike in the past.  The color is cute and the shoe is very comfortable.  the only con is the light color shows dirt/grime easily.", "These sandels are super compy! I went shopping all day and my feet felt fabulous! I love them, I will be buying another pair!", "Love these flip flops...most comfortable sandal I have tried. Great quality and price. Highly recommend. I bought them in several colors.", "These are the best sandals I have ever had! They are amazingly comfortable because of the cushioned footbed. And they look great!", "I love the color of these and how well they feel on my feet, will buy them again when I need more", "I bought these shoes after a friend of mine had them on and loved them.  I read the other reviews and bought a size larger than I normally do and they fit great!  The gel makes them especially comfy and haven't had any issues with them at all.", "I chose to buy these shoes through Amazon, because there were more color selections than the stores I've tried.  I got the pink and fluorescent yellow.  They fit great and are unbelievably comfortable.  I wear them everywhere.  I had a pair prior to these that literally lasted 5 years.  So they are d durable and cute.  You may be able to find them slightly cheaper in stores, but fir the convenience of having them delivered to my door a the color selection, this was worth it to me.", "I don't like them as well as I thought I would they are very narrow and feel a little loose", "Love my Nike gels! I have three pairs now. White, gray and black.  Only thing I can wear after my back surgery.  They are so comfortable!", "the middle part of the shoe is narrow and the straps are uncomfortable.  I gave them to a friend who has very narrow feet,", "Son las sandalias m&aacute;s c&oacute;modas y elegantes que he tenido....me encantan!.....las uso toooodo el verano!!.....me encantar&iacute;a comprar los dem&aacute;s colores!", "I love these sandals. These are my second pair. My foot is wide and these fit perfect.  I would recommend.", "I should have exchanged them but too lazy.  They fit a tad small but a size up would have been too big.  They were just so cool in color that I didn't want to give them up.  This is my second pair.  They are so comfortable.  Small rocks get stuck in the soles but they are easily removed by bending the shoe.", "these are my go to shoes every day when I am outside .  They are so comfortable  and I love them!", "Durable and comfortable. True to size. I use mine in the house and can't wait to come home to put them on.", "I would definitely recommend these shoes for everyone. I went to the mall and tested out the shoes and once I got done shopping, my feet were not hurting like they normally would.I am so thankful for the speedy shipping. I was supposed to receive my shoes on the 15th, but I got them on the 10th. Once these sandals wear out I will definitely repurchase another pair!", "First let me say that I did not purchase this product through Amazon. I found them on sale at Shopko for less than I have seen them anywhere else. That aside, these thongs are the most comfortable I have ever owned. After reading through many of the reviews here, I was concerned that I might not get a good fit since several people complained about them running small. I usually wear an 8, but can sometimes wear a 7 1/2. However, rather than be disappointed in an online purchase, I decided to try them on before buying. I first tried an 8, which was comfortable and fit fairly well. I almost bought those, until I tried the 9. They were even more comfortable and gave me about an inch behind my heal and my toes in the right place. So I ended up buying the 9 and am very happy with them. Very, very comfortable....almost like wearing my most comfy slippers. The worse part was trying to decide what color I wanted....I wanted them all! I ended up with the brown ones since I live in the country and figured brown would hide the dirt better. I highly recommend these thongs.", "I love these thongs I just wish they were a little more narrow. I have that problem with most shoes though.", "These are so comfortable and the pink is bright and attractive !  The cushion in the sole is a nice thing that you don't get in many sandals !", "I just love them they are so great the best Sandals I have ever had, will but another color when the price go down a little.", "I can't remember if I read other reviews and they said to get the smaller ones or of I just was a rebel. Either way, I am a size 8.5 and I ordered an 8 and they were just a tad to small but so comfy that I make them work. I have sesapoditis so I need comfy thongs and these do the job.", "I purchased a pair of these comfortable sandals over 2 years ago, and was in need of a new pair.  They are wonderfully comfortable!", "These thongs had an extra layer of foam lining around the arch and heel that made them very comfortable, especially if you had occasion to wear them for long periods of time. Usually thongs are by nature, very flat without too much cushioning but these NIKE thongs were more than adequate with the extra foam lining.", "My daughter and wife simply love them! They use them intensively, under those circumstances they lasted around 2 years. They are on their 2nd pair and love remains strong.My wife started running and she actually love to rest her feet in them. I don't think they are expected to get wet though.", "I loved the cushy feel but had a problem with the velcro staying secure unless I wore the shoes looser than I prefer.", "I like the shoes. They run small and the shipping would have cost me more than the shoes to return them. I forgot Nike tends to run small. Just a note for future customers.", "I love my Nike sandals! They are super comfortable. Best purchase ever!!", "There great.  Actually this is my second pair of these.  I wore the others out (took almost two years).  These did give me a blister but I bent the strap so I don't think that will happen again.  They are incredibility comfortable.", "these turned out as expected anything less would have been a disappointment .the brand and the price and the picture is what gave me my expectations", "Was what we hoped for", "I love these shoes, I have had one pair for two years and they're still going strong after being worn a lot. I've gotten four more pairs after the original, they are great for summer", "she liked the shoes other than the arch being a little off the color is great and the flexability  is great", "thank you very much satisfied with the product received, very reliable.'ll buy their products next Used.Thank you very muchThank you very much", "I purchased these for my wife who has an almost supernatural ability to detect flaws in just about anything. The bit of rubber that comes up on the front of the toe is wider on one shoe than the other, and it's slightly off-center. This changes the way the shoe bends at the toe which creates an awkward sensation when standing on your toes, crouching as if to study the toe of a shoe, or during other similar activities one might do to demonstrate the flaw to others... like a spouse, for instance. Otherwise the shoes are fine... they even came with two sets of shoestrings... one set light-purple and the other neon yellow.", "I purchased these shoes on line after trying them on in a store (to ensure correct size choice.) I wouldn't have chosen purple - which is why I gave four stars instead of five - but purple was available for less $ than the other colors. Since they are for line-dancing and (senior) zumba, color really isn't a big deal. In fact, since they came with two pairs of laces, I put the green ones on them for fun.  :) The shoes are lightweight and true-to-size.", "These are nice shoes and have good grip to the floor. They are a little heavier then I initially thought but that is ok with me. Like the straps for really securing your feet. I had bought from Eastbay with a 20% off coupon I found searching through google so I feel the value that I paid for them is legitment. A Basketball shoe that supports your ankles, is comfortable and provides good gription is all you need.", "I'm a 25 year old female so I always buy youth Nike's. Fit as expected and arrived in a timely fashion. My only complaint would be that the tongue is really stiff because of the logo they put on it and sometimes while moving it cuts into my front ankle. You just have to adjust it", "I always wear this style of sneaker. It is fantastic to avoid back pain if you stand alot. I can't wear women's shox because the toes always pinch so these are perfect!", "This pair of air force 1 07 are hard to find.Good pair of sneakers to purchase.", "I bought these shoes in 2010 and still wear them to this day. great product and service. i would recommend.", "Good quality, no breaking in. Fits well. Have worn this style since high school and I've never been disappointed yet.", "these classics deserve a standard 5 star rating as i love the color and the style and the fact me and my son always buy these shoes", "The color on the web sight looks white and pink to me in person, it's all pink shades. I don't like pink on pink. If it's like that I want all leather so it won't get dirty.", "This is a great addition to my already large selection of shoe. A bit on the pricey side but no regrets. It met all my expectations.", "I chose this rating because I am very pleased about the product. I like the shoes because they were given as a present to somebody especial for me. She was delighted with them.So, I recommend to make business with Amazon because this enterprise is very serious dealing with people.", "Wonderful shoes, my wife loves them, says they are much lighter than her last pair of Nike's. She has been very happy with them and the new shoes took over 3 minutes off her four mile time.", "Bought these elsewhere,  because the size range was limited at Amazon,  but I'm so happy with them,  I thought I would review it anyways.I walk a lot and was developing all sorts of foot problems,  but my real problem was that my previous shoes were old and had lost their bounce. These shoes are light,  super comfortable,  supportive and well cushioned.  And now all my foot problems have disappeared.  It's important to replace your shoes before you start having aches and pains or the bad shoe will exacerbate them!  I ordered 3 different pairs of shoes, with the intention of returning two of them,  (I'm a wider size and you can't always find a decent selection in a store) and found that these were the most comfortable and then to my delight realized that they were the cheapest as well.  So these are excellent value too.  I got them in the silver with bright blue swoosh and laces,  and like the look of them as well as the feel.  A very happy customer.", "Love the shoes, simple black shoes that go with any workout outfit :] I Can't say anything bad about Nike.", "Lite, comfortable, stylish, love them. I'm getting one pair for my daughter, I'm looking for a color she would like.", "They were a tad bigger then I expected. I am a 6 1/2, and the reviews said to go a half size up so I got a 7. I still wear them and they are comfy just a little bit big. I suggest ordering your regular shoe size.", "They are really comfy and they are perfect for running. I use them every time I workout. I love these shoes.", "Love the wide toe bed in these shoes.  Very comfortable, even with special inserts in them! I love that they are lightweight as well.", "Had a Hard time with Advertised discounts on Shoes with my orders Today! I see some false advertised special discounts for after Christmas sales!", "Have 5 pair of Nike Flex Experience.  Different colors!  I walk a lot and have high arches and these shoes are the most comfortable I have ever worn!!!", "These shoes were a gift for my very picky niece. She loved these pair of Nike shoes. Comfortable + Fair Price.", "This is a great cross training shoe. This company is good to work with. My shoes arrived exactly when they said and in good order. I just don't know if I saved any money doing it this way.....", "I got them On timeAnd they fit perfectThank you very much i really aprecciate have a nice day", "These are so comfortable and roomy.Nice lightweight fit.Great color.Excellent for running.Love the way they feel.Would order again..", "These are great shoes. They fit exactly as though I had walked in the store and tried them on.  Very comfortable.", "very good product satisfied it was what I expected, I'll take into account another purchase thank you very much. bye", "I usually wear a 7.5, but should've ordered a 7.  Other than that, they are very comfortable and lightweight.  I usually have to break in shoes a few times before they stop rubbing in certain places, but these were perfect from the start.  They are more pink than the photo (look slightly purple in the photo-but definitely pink).", "I love these shoes so much, they're super cute and the color was brighter and better than I expected. So cute! They fit perfectly.", "I give for stars for the shoes ,The shoes was as in the photo ,it looks very nice and comfort .The delivery was very fast but the price was for 2 pair of shoes but they delivered only one pair shoes because the other one  doesn't have same size as i order. So i paid for two but i received one .", "Very comftarble! love the colors. Great for working out and just wearing on a daily basis. The quality is great!", "Love the color and the fit is true to size. Just enough support without them being too stiff. Gonna buy them in another color.", "I have been wearing Nike running shoes for close to 20 years. I have normally purchased the Initiator running shoe. I needed a pair of black shoes for work. I had bought a pair of black shoes from a local department store for work. I was finding that those shoes were making my feet hurt. While shopping on this site, I was not finding a style of black Nike running shoes that I really liked, so I settled on this shoe. Length wise the shoes fit just fine. However, they felt narrow when I put them on. I have never needed nor have I ever purchased a pair of Nike shoes in a wide size. Initially, the sides of my feet were feeling crowded and pinched.The toe box area has adequate room though. The shoes did feel like they stretched after a couple of hours of wearing them around the house. Even still I was finding that the arch support was not comfortable. It felt like it was too far back on my foot, almost to my heel. I was not sold on the over all style of the shoe. The tongue of the shoe is integrated into the rest of the shoe, there is some stitching to show that this is the tongue area. Over all, I did not like the look of the shoe. I also was not pleased with the fit of the shoe. I am returning these.", "I like them they light weight but i was looking for something slimmer on the foot not so bulky. But i am a size 7 and 5'1 so maybe that's why. Nice shoes but just looking for something a little different.  Great price though.", "This shoe fits perfect I am a 8.5 and ordered a 8.5  couldn't be better, it's light weight and comfortable did not regret buying it", "I think the fit is pretty close to what I expected, maybe a TAD larger. It's a nice roomy shoe. I usually wear a 9, maybe a 9.5 depending upon the brand. These are really comfortable, and the colors look great.", "These shoes make 10 miles seem like 2. You will fly by in these. Love them to death and will buy more.", "I love the running shoe because it is very light and my right knee hurts from overuse of my body. I have been teaching 20 years of fitness classes and also personal training. Great price too!", "It looks just like it shows in the pictures. I was hesitant at buying them at first because I wasn't sure of the shoe size. I got 6.5 and it fits great. It feels great to be running in these :D", "i like them ...the only thing i find is that it has a lot of give and sometimes i want more support for the front of my foot..but otherwise...good snearker", "It fits perfectly, it's light in weight and they are comfortable. They are defiantly worth the by thank you! :)", "If you already have the Nike Flex Experience RN (as opposed to the RN 2), these seem to fit the same as those - which I think is about 1/2 size larger than your average shoe, and about a full size larger than your average Nike, in my experience. That is, I wear a 9.5 in Flex Experience shoes, 10 in average athletic shoes, 10.5 in most other Nikes. But the larger feeling of this shoe may be partly due to its wide toe box. These shoes seem to be as comfortable as the Flex Experience RN (which in my opinion are very comfortable). My main complaint about them however is that I don't like how far back the laces start - which makes them not as flattering to the foot as the RN.", "They are gorgeous and fit perfectly!  Shipping time was crazy quick too!  I LOVE these shoes.  They are really light but have great arch support at the same time, which is kind of hard to find.", "Pleasantly surprised with the shoes comfort level & fit.  Love these shoes! Best purchase from Amazon.com yet. 5 stars. Awesome!", "I'm a beginning runner. I have been using my old Fila sneakers for walking/running and decided to finally jump at a pair of 'real' running shoes. This pair seemed reasonably priced and I really loved the bright pink color.As soon as I tried them on, I noticed the arch in the shoe. I was not really sure how I was going to like that. It seemed too firm. I wore them to work all day to help break them in. They felt really light.Saturday morning I decided to take them out for a spin. They still felt a little 'stiff' so I walked 5 miles to really break them in. I then was able to easily run 5 miles for the first time with very little aches the next day! I don't even notice the arch anymore, I'm sure I have been wearing cheap sneakers with no support. Boy, have I been missing out!Would definitely recommend and purchase these again!", "I did not buy these shoes from Amazon; I did get them from Kohl's. They are extremely comfortable and very true to size. Normally Nike shoes don't fit my feet because they are made very narrow. But I am noticing that they are coming out with wider width shoes. I got these in 9 1/2 wide and they fit like a dream! I am a part time merchandiser, so I am on my feet all day long when I am working. I am running through shoes pretty quickly and need a new pair every few months. I would highly recommend the flex experience run 2 shoes if you are in-between sizes, need comfort, and have a little wider feet.", "Fix perfect very comfortable I bought some snickers before but I like this one better Nike make very comfortable snickers", "Fit perfect I'm satisfied", "I really love this shoe so far!  It fits my whole foot while still leaving some space for the ball of my foot and my toes to have some movement as I work out. The shoe is light, but I did a plyometric workout in them, and they felt supportive and cushiony.  I have relatively high arches, and this shoe is great for them.", "I love these shoes!I had a very hard time finding these shoes in my size and was extremely happy when I could find them :)They are very comfortable and fit true to size.High quality construction.", "This is a very comfortable sneaker that fits true to size. Anyone looking for a comfortable running shoe should invest in these.", "Overall pleased with purchase. Fits well as ordered two sizes up due to experience with tight Nike shoes.Comfortable for walking on city streets for one to two miles easily. Didn't use these for running though.", "This shoe is Very comfortable and true to size. It took a little long to get them but would order again.", "I love these shoes. Just what I was hoping for. Light and comfortable. Plus the company I ordered them from got them to me earlier than I had asked. Shoezoo....... you rock", "Material felt cheap and they had no sort for running.  I run 3to4 miles at a time about 4 times a week.  This site was not going to be enough support", "My mom loved them, the color is nice and bright. Hopefully they will still be comfortable in a few months when broken in.", "I am a nurse and on my feet all day long.  These are the most comfortable runners I have found to date!!! Light and great arch support.", "I have never been a fan of Nike, but I decided to buy these because a relative loved them so much. After putting my foot in them I realized I was just paying for the lable. They are not as comfortable as some of the cheaper shoes I have because the soles of the shoe are too thin.", "These are a good and comfortable pair of tennis...there cute but the material isn't worth what you have to pay for..but I would recommend to a friend because they are light on your feet.", "Buying shoes online is scary for my jacked up feet but these worked out wonderfully! I have purchased size 8 Nike sneakers in the past so I went with that and it was perfecto. Very comfy, decent price, and cute as Hell.", "I think I have to just go get my feet looked at in a running store. These are very comfortable but the toe box runs very wide. It does help with the spread and the impact control is all there but I have narrow feet and have blistered more with these than previous Nike styles. I've done maybe 30 miles on these and they are holding up really well, no stiff knees or anything. I'm a size 10/10.5 but with narrow feet. I've got a relatively neutral gait.They are a tad stiff for cross training purposes but very comfortable on longer runs. I'd go with a more minimalist shoe for future boot camp style workouts and use these primarily for running.", "This shoe fits true to size. Finding the right running shoe for you is a personal thing, for everyone's opinion varies greatly.I have always worn nike running shoes and love the brand. My previous nike shoes are 5 years old and completely worn through, so I was in the market for another light weight shoe.This shoe is super light on my feet and fairly comfortable. I jog 5 miles a day and have had this shoe for a week now.1.The laces are cheap and untie easily so they must be double knotted.2. The tread is flexible and comfortable but they do get pebbles stuck in between.3. My heels are getting blisters but I am hoping the shoe is just getting broken in and that will subside.4. The shoe doesn't offer a ton of cushioning so I am anticipating replacing them sooner than later.This shoe is worth the price if you are looking for something affordable. It's a light shoe and good for my workouts but not the best nike show I've purchased. I'm content with keeping the shoe and getting my use out of it but I will purchase a different shoe when the time comes.", "i love shoes!!! They are very comfortable and they came right on time and they look just like the pic. Thank you!!!", "I like it very much,and really worth to buy, but this is a gift for my friend. She will like it.", "These are really cute but  I found that they run very big.Other than that they were fine. (I hate that they make youwrite a certain amount of words in a review)", "I love these shoes. This is actually the 3rd pair I have purchased. They are a great cross training shoe. I would normally wear a size 10 but had to get a 9 1/2 in these shoes.", "These shoes will be great for someone who has wide feet. I tend to swim in these. They are however true to size. Light weight but cheap feel.", "I purchased these for my sister for Christmas. Fits great, runs true to size. Comfortable to wear. All-around a great pair of sneakers.", "Fit just as I expected.  I often have discomfort with new shoes.  These felt great and fit well.  Would get again.", "My daughter has Sever's Disease.  This shoe accommodates her orthotics well and she finds them very comfortable on her heels.  It is lightweight so if you are looking for a sturdy sole, then always go with Asics.  However, if you have orthotics, then this is not an issue.", "I wear these shoes to workout and around the house.  They are very comfy.  I know that Nike runs about half a size smaller than other brands I've purchased so keep that in mind when ordering.", "They were a little large. I normally wear a 7.5 in shoes, but I could gotten a 7 and they would have fit better. They are very comfortable and they look great too. I am very pleased with them.", "I bought these for my daughter.  Nike shoes tend to run narrow/small.  There's not enough support in the shoe for her to run long distances or sprints.  She was getting shin splints.  I have now bought another brand and they will hopefull alleviate the issue.  (her foot turns in)", "Love these sneakers. Kind of pricey, but worth it. Very comfortable taking into consideration that I have very wide feet. Very flashy looking, love the old school Nike crack print. Great buy!", "as soon as i put them on the nike logo in side faded away.they are Bootleg. they wore out faster than the nikes i buy off other retail stores", "I thought it was so cool to find Nike running shoes on Amazon but became very disappointed as the black parts on the sole of the shoe began to come off. I've never had such a lousy product from a store selling Nike shoes.", "Mi intenci&oacute;n no fue adquirir los zapatos para hacer ejercicio. lo hice para comodidad en mi profesi&oacute;n (ortodoncista). realmente son c&oacute;modos,amplios y con buenos materiales. debo recordar que las tallas entre marcas varian, es decir en Nike la tendencia es media talla mas grande que en Adidas (por tomar un ejemplo) mi talla en Adidas es de 12 y en la misma de Nike los siento un poco mas amplios. si usted piensa trotar largas distancias con ellos el pie se inflama y se expande, por lo tanto este factor de talla lo debe considerar.", "After searching several sites, I finally found this shoe in my size on Amazon.com. As a former competitive athlete, I have been wearing Nike shoes for over 20 years, and have never had a problem with the sizes before.  I ordered my usual size, but on arrival I found that the shoes were a bit too snug.  I figured that I just needed to 'break them in' but after a few days of continuous wear, they are too tight and painful on my toes. I measured the shoes against my other Nike shoes, and they are definitely shorter.  Buyers beware.... See return policy before you buy!!!", "These sneakers fit well, but they squeak as you walk.  The sound is both embarrassing and irritating.  When I wear them I try to stand still.", "I bought these to replace the sketchers shape-ups I have been wearing to work.  I work 12 hour shifts at a hospital.  Good shoes are a must.  So far these are very comfortable.  They came packaged and on time as promised.  I go through a pair of tennis shoes just about every six months.  If these make it to three months and are still comfortable I will order another pair just like them!", "These are very pretty and comfortable shoes.  Just not what I expected.  Part of the leather is shiny patent leather, which I did not want, so I returned them.  Otherwise good shoes", "I don't know why these are so cheap but I paid like 180 for them. Most people probably don't even know about them but they are a good shoe. I also like the risto's.", "I was very surprised at how much I loved these. The pic did not do them justice.... They are very attractive..", "This shoe looks good, people liked it, but they are kind of too bug, i didnt expect it to be this big, they make your feet look long,", "These sneakers are really nice. They look durable in both way as in the outsole as in the upper, and that is important when having kids. I hope to find in another big sizes to give it to my nephews.", "Cheaply made or bad design? The front of the toe is to thin for tennis and the stitched front seam split wide open! The same thing happened to another teammate of my son's tennis team who had the same shoe! The Women at Sport's Authority said they were having trouble with this particular style of tennis shoe and that is was a design flaw on Nike's part.", "my grandson really enjoyed these shoes they were very comfortable and were perfect for him while playing basketball during the season", "My Grandson loves them.  This is his second pair of this type of boot.  Great for inclement weather.  Amazon had them at a good price.", "It is a great boot, except the outsole wear out too fastI have problem with my knee. I need to have air bubble Nike boot.", "This boot is very comfortable, almost like wearing tennis shoes.  There's a lot of toe room and the leather is extremely easy to shine.  That's coming from someone who regrettably purchased Danner Patrol boots for $240 and more satisfied with the Nike Goaterra.  The only downfall to these boots is the tennis shoe-like laces.  I'd like to see a heavier duty lace.  I actually used the laces from my Danners.  That is my only complaint.  Other than that, I'd give them 5 stars.", "these boots look and fit good and are comfortable.  The loss of a star is because the laces get shredded quickly on the top two sets of lace hooks.", "Bought Goadomes last year and a brown pair of Goaterras this year along with these. Great fit, super comfortable. I polish mine once every week or two. Only kind of boot I buy is Nike boots.", "the boots are great! comfy and all... the only problem was one of the boots came with a huge gash across it-like soomeone used a boxcutter and lightly gased the entire boot.", "This shoe is what it looks like, and appears to be fairly well constructed, regardless of its country of origin.  However, the height of the shoe is just-precisely wrong.  The top rubs against the ankle so that any active wear will cause blisters, sores, or broken skin.  Also, I've almost twisted my ankle a couple times: possibly this is a center-of-gravity issue for a shoe raised too high, or maybe I just need to get used to it.  I don't think I'd buy these shoes again.  I like the idea of an air-cushion for hiking that involves stepping and jumping from rock to rock, but the trade-off is a problem that will affect all hiking, and other activity too.", "Great fitting Quality item, cool and water resistant to 4&#34; no brake in needed they should last a long time.", "I work in a very hot climate. I love the look and feel of them. The real test wil be when temperatures spike over 100 degrees. They are super comfortable with orthotics as well. I wish Nike made a women's boot in this model. It ran true to size. I wear a 9 in ladies shoes and purchased a 7. So far... so good!", "I bought  these as a gift for my 14 yoa son. He said they were exactly what he wanted. They run true to size.can dress them up or down. Either way my son is happy and so am I . Thanks.", "\"Dey Aight\" LOL I'll stick with the higher priced Goadome with the front air soles, these are ok, I like the scuff proof around them. They run kind of small, you may want to get a larger size than normal.", "Nice shoes.Excellent value.Yes they are authentic (for those of you wondering)!I bought them a 6 in boys since I am an 8 in women, but they were too too big for me.  They fit me like a mens 7.  Wasn't a big issue; I just passed them down to my daughter.", "This shoe size is very suitable for my son, he was wearing jogging, and to show his friends, very good. For NIKE shoes are very suitable.", "i like my shoes...", "love the shoes.  they arrived in the exact condition as promised.  and lightening fast delivery!  thanks!", "Shoes arrived very quickly,and it's nice!I like it's color!I'm very satisfied with your service!I will also shopping again!", "The material doesn't feel like leather as advsertised, they seem cheap. I should have gone for the more expensive shoes. However does hold the Nike Plus tracker very comfortable, i just don't like the quality of the outer material", "Very comfortable and soft shoes, they are really made for walking long distances... I have nothing to complain about them, they are just perfect and they fit appropiately.", "I ordered a pair of Nike air Swingman baseball cleats for men.It is hard to find a size 16 wide but the task was easily handled on Amazon.com.The Nike cleats arrived in 3 days ahead of schedule.They were as advertised. The cleats were very comfortable and easy to break in.They offer great traction and support without that bulky feeling.The  Nike cleat design and color makes them very popular amongst players.It is the only name brand I know of, that runs true to size.I would highly recommend Nike Cleats purchased through Amazon.comIt was a very smooth and effortless transaction.R.", "The fit was good.... These shoes were even more comfortable than I expected them to be... Great purchase... I recommend them", "this is my third pair of these, they're great. Very comfortable, and people always comment on them for some reason no matter what color I'm wearing. They're a touch pricey, but they're the cheapest on here, I think they're worth it.", "I liked these, because they had a bright pop of color, but it was a little subdued by the black weave. Unfortunately, the shoe seems to be a lot more &#34;in-your-face&#34; than I expected. The shoe fits comfortably, but for those coming from Nike Free, these have a lot more support as a trainer, and are much bigger and bulkier than I expected. Personally, I missed the slim feeling of my Nike Free(s) when wearing these.", "This sports bra is great. Nike makes good quality products. The only thing is that I thought it would be like the last zipper front bra from Nike that also has adjustable straps on the back for increased support for those of us ladies with a lot going on up in front! All in all, a good product. Would buy if I were you, or try to find the one I'm talking about. ;) :P", "Very comfortable! Just a little hard to zip up, but I like the front zipper so I'll deal with it.", "The fabric is very stretchy, so if you do anything more than, say, walking, the fabric gives and it's like you're not wearing anything at all. I've seen reviewers say it's great for recovery from surgery or lounging on the weekend, but if you need support for high-impact activities, this isn't it. Also, the zipper is difficult to work and chaffed my skin, even when I wore it around the house.", "This is a great sports bra. Snug enough and made with a thicker material. The front zipper remains in place. Some other front zip sports bras I have become &#34;unzipped&#34; during the workout.", "I like the front zipper but it does not fit snug enough around the bottom of the bra and I can't tighten it.  But it is so much easier to take off this bra with the front zipper after a workout so I definitely like it", "This bra offers good support for high impact sports.  I like that it has a front zipper so it is easy to put on and take off.", "I really like this bra.  It's very comfortable and moves really well with my body.  My only complaint is the zipper pull does not hide very well and having the lip around the bottom of the zipper makes it a little hard to get the zipper started.  But these are small inconviences and definitely don't outweigh the comfort.UPDATE:  I ordered this bra for post-op breast augmentation and I don't recommend this one for that purpose.  The bra really pushes the breasts together and I always felt like I looked a little wonky when I took it off.  There are many other better options for augmentation.", "A friend of my daughter asked me to get this for her. It fits well and does the job at the gym.", "Looks great and fits like a glove. I love the front closing. So easy to put on and get off. Great colour.", "I purchased his sports bra in size 38DD. I am just too tired to fight up and put on the regular sports bras over my head so I opted for a zip front option. I waited patiently for the bra to arrive as it was an international shipment however en I took it out of the package I realized that it was too small. My regular bra size is 38DD however in this size it was way too small. I would suggest going up a size if you fall into my bra size range as the cups could not contain my &#34;girls&#34; and it was too tight. The zip front is fine but just beware I small sizing. I would recommend it but in a larger size.", "This was shift for my wife and she loved it ... And impressed that I was listening about getting it for her:-)", "I bought these shoes because my old golf shoes were falling apart and these are great. It makes me wonder why I waited so long to get new ones. These shoes were so comfortable that I would want to wear them around all day when I wasn't golfing. The downfall to the product is the full retail price but since I got them here for about half price I feel I that I didn't over pay.", "I've played sports all my life including running, weightlifting and cycling and this  owns the crown for the worst sneaker I have ever bought. Really stiff and uncomfortable, my ankles were killing me after just a few hours but I kept them thinking they would \" break in \". Well.. they never did... ugh !! Keep in mind that sneaker fit is something unique to each person which is why its important to go to a store and have them check how you walk/run and they can recommend the proper sneaker or insoles for you. They are very durable as I tried my best to kill them but they wouldnt die..lol. I hated these sneakers more than anything I have ever put my feet in.  I finally gave up on them and bought a pair of New Balance 623 and couldnt be happier. Right out of the box the NB felt broken in and after a walk around town my feet felt rejuvenated. With the Nike's I thought that I had developed foot problems but the only problem was the sneaker. My neighbor also had the same model Nike and hated them also, and had the same complaint as me that they were uncomfortable and really made his feet hurt and legs feel tired. So for those that they worked for..wonderful. A side note, my niece is a physical therapist and they always recommend New Balance sneakers.", "I walk 12 miles every day due to job requirements.  I tried another brand of shoe recently and within 4 days the shoes were breaking down.  So I came back to this shoe because it holds up to the most demanding walking.  They are also very comfortable.  They are light enough that you are not exhausted at the end of the day.  The biggest fault with these shoes is that they tend to squeak.  I walk outside most of the time so the noise is not a big deal with me, but if you are inside, the squeaking could become annoying.", "These shoes are some of the most comfortable I have ever had. Stylish enough to use for dress occasions. Highly recommend!", "These shoes are meant for distance runners and sprinters. I ran long distance and ran a sub 5 with these shoes in the 1600. You have to be a fast runner to use these shoes because there isn't much cushioning in the heel since you tend to stay on your toes most of the time when you run fast. If you run anything more than a 1600m with these shoes your shins and knees will suffer a lot. These shoes are VERY LIGHT WEIGHT...VERY. Durable and breathable.The design in very good and definitely catches runners attention. Good shoes and worth every dollar. Run Strong.", "Feels great. I was a 325lbs jogger and they hold up nicely. Im now a 300lb jogger because they are so comfortable to jog in.", "These shoes are some of the nicest shoes I've ever bought in my adult life. (Thanks mom!)LOL. Anyway, back to the shoes. They were my first and only pair of Air Force Ones and I got them back in 2010 and didn't see anyone else wearing them. Haha. They are a much more golden yellow than the bright yellow in the picture so I figured I'd make a quick review and let you all know. Not that they'll be back in stock or anything but a boy (you guys) can dream!Beautiful shoes like I said and I still own them. If only they weren't too tight to fit I'd still rock them to this day.4.5 stars for style3.5 stars for comfort (I have wide feet so these are painful after wearing a while. You would probably be fine with them.)4.25 stars.", "The springs in the heels have given me the worst lower back pain in as many years. I would not recommend these unless you walk with a severe slouch.", "This is the 3rd pair of Nike Free's I have owned. I tried to buy another brand of shoes from a store in my area but they weren't as comfortable. This was a great buy!! The price was right, shipment was fast, beautiful shoes!!!", "I bought these shoes in size 8 six months ago and have been using them mainly for walking and occasional sprints on gravel. I usually wear size 7 flip flops and found the fit to be alright with thin sports socks. If I could choose again I would have gone with size 8.5 because the tip of the shoes are narrow while my feet are a bit broad.The shoe feels solid and I think it is much better as a walking shoe than a running or sprinting shoe. This is because of its solid construct and inflexibility. A website says it weighs 6oz but it somehow feels heavier than the Nike Zoom Waffle Racer V men's shoes (7.5oz based on size 9) that I just bought.The soles of the shoe are made up of little squares which wore out quickly and which provide insufficient grip on wet surfaces. I do not need to be as cautious sprinting on dry gravel as I am on wet gravel. But on dry gravel I can still feel the lack of traction. When it is raining or has rained I do not dare to go hard on sprints and cannot go hard anyway because I can feel the shoes slipping instead of gripping.I do not jog or do endurance running in these shoes and they seem to have worn out pretty quickly. These shoes seem to be built more for casual use than running or walking. I would not buy them again.", "Great shoes!!! Beautiful, comfortable & get price. What else could you ask for. I'm a sneaker head, trust me!! Get a pair!!!!!!", "The Nike RT1 - Revolution Trainer 1 was inspired by the Nike Air Trainer 1 model.  You can dress elegantly casual in these Mahogany and Cinder brown, sleek design RT1 High kicks.  They look equally good with Bermuda shorts, Dockers pants or even a pair of 'distressed' jeans!The shoe size runs a little larger in these NIKE RT1 HIGH CASUAL SHOES. (I usually wear 10.5 and 10 was fine).The shoes are Medium width allowing extra comfort for wider feet and the ankle support is as phenomenally comfortable!These leather Nikes are comfortable, durable and stylish.  The rich Mahogany and Cinder brown leather makes these sneakers look more like 'dress shoes' with the comfort of your favorite Nike kicks!These Nike RT1 High kicks are 100% Authentic and a great buy!RECOMMENDED: The Black / White-Light Blue-Dark Grey Nike RT1 High  are 'crazy' comfortable Kicks!", "I have had these shoes for a while now and they still look brand new. I love the colors and the stars.", "MY SON LOVES THESE  SHOES, THE COLORS ARE BRIGHT , ARE NICE AND FITS OK , WE ARE VERY HAPPY", "I own the outdoor mercurial cleat in 9.5 men's. So, imagine my surprise when I order the indoor version of the exact same cleat, in the exact same size, and it's too big?! It really is a great boot, no qualms there, but wth Nike? Seriously?", "Bought these for my son for an indoor soccer program that was on a basketball gym floor.  He loved them, said they fit well.  He also had better grip than the kids who just wore regular gym shoes.", "I bought these shoes 3 years ago and have worn them almost everyday since purchase. Still got em! They were a little pricey to me but after 3 years of major use and they are still together and looking decent I must say it was quite worth it. Great product", "It is pretty but runs big in size i brought them for my daughter size 5 and they are big for her, i still keep them because she is growing,also price was god", "Although this pair of souls are made to run, they also work very to walk in. The feel is snug and kind of stiff but gives me just enough flexibilityto wear throughout the day.", "This is my usual sizeAll the time i take this size.From the front it is very tight but from the back its ok", "Stable, comfortable and durable. Solid shoe for the price. If you're looking for a shoe that's geared toward cross training, you should consider this one.", "very very bad  i big zero i am disapointed normaly it must be correct the size are threre fake i think so", "I've had shox before and loved them. The style and colors of this pair were worth ordering to me. However I should have purchased at least a half size bigger than all my other athletic shoes. The have stretched some and are now able to be worn for some time during casual activities but I know they won't be used for anything athletic", "Trust me get One size bigger or at least half a size they look very sporty if u plan to stand for a long time may not be the shoe for u..... After I got mine had to break em in they are ment to fit and to run..... Just saying...... Very stylish have gotten positive comments", "The shoe fit perfect. Looks great with jeans and or shorts. Will take a little breaking in but thats expected with every new shoe. I would recommend this to a friend.", "fits a little tight when u get them. but fills out after some wear. I love the mesh and color.", "Amazon offered a great deal.  Would not run in any other shoe.  Have owned a number of Nike's over the years and presently on my fifth pair of Shox.", "not the same as the one you'd buy at the mall . these shox are like plastic .. sqeaky sound while walking after first use. . after breaking these in . can already feel discomfort while running .. these are the last shox ill be buying. well at least from amazon. stick to trying the ones at the mall so you get what they feel like first.", "The shoe was to small but my husband loved the shoe.he already wear the shoe, or else I would return for a bigger size.", "Sooo I was a bit disappointed with the shipping on this product. I chose expedited two day shipping and received it like three days later. Apart from this I'm really happy with my Nike Shox. This is my second pair of Nike shox and the last one was a 10.5, so I ordered a 10.5 for this one. The Initial fit was a bit too snug, however, after a couple days of wearing the shoe fits really well. As with my previous Nike Shox, I really like the way these shoes fit. Its styling complements almost any apparel given that it's not a soft fabric rather a buck suede leather. For me, this comes in handy when running thru the rain. Sooo I would highly recommend this product to anyone who's looking for a cool sneaker that can be worn with shorts or jeans. Given the Clean buck suede finish I might even wear it with my Khakis to work. Its super comfortable and my last pair lasted me like three years and it's still not finished yet!! I'm Playing indoor soccer and badminton with it now.", "Loved the shoe and the fit. The price was pretty good as well. I couldn't find this shoe in the store at the time so it was nice to have the option", "I really like the shoes and plan to order again but a different color or maybe a different pair of shoes.", "Great product, high quality, perfect fit. I would recomend this product. Delivery was on time, no problems at all with this product", "Every thing was as I expected I recommend you to buy in this store the nikes were excellent thanks you", "There great shoes but not the actual size they set out to be I order my size 8.5 but it seems in those shoes I need a bigger size", "This was the first Nike show I had purchased in many years and it will likely be the last after buying the Shox.  I typically wear a 10 so I bought a size 10 and the shoe was extremely tight on the sides and top of my foot.  Also, there was something wrong with the inside of one of the shoes that caused it to not feel right and be even more uncomfortable than the other shoe.", "I ordered a half size big on accident and tried to change it and customer service was great but the shoes had an shipped but glad I couldn't change it because my boyfriend usually wears 9 1\\2  these were a 10 and fit snug. We had to buy thin socks but now they are broken in and the 10 fits great with regular socks. Would definitely order again.", "Love the shoe. Looks great but I took the advice here about ordering a half size larger than normal and I'd have to suggest ordering a whole size larger than you normally wear. Other than that it's a great shoe. Very sharp looking and I really appreciate the leather uppers. Highly recommend this shoe but I' encourage you to take the leap and order a full size larger than you usually wear in sneakers like a New Balance . Enjoy", "Took me like three days to broke them in, and I got blisters! LOL! But after that I can run without them on, when I run I step hard, so this shoes really had help me a lot! Luv them!", "Great shoes, I have had other Shox but forgot that they run small. Order about 1/2 size bigger than normal.", "Everything was great", "I have narrow feet already but these are particularly snug. Bought these and another pair of Shox at the same time and they fit completely differently. I am a 10.5 but wished I had ordered these as an 11. I would recommend a stretcher or ordering a half size up for more room around your toes.", "THESE ARE A KICK @SS PAIR OF SNEAKERS BUT THE SOLES WEAR OUT IN NO TIME KINDA STINKS BECAUSE OF THE COST OF THE SHOE", "I've always liked Nike and this is another great shoe. It is very comfortable and something I like to walk around the city in.", "I would give 0 stars if I could.These fit just fine, but overall, I'm very unhappy with these shoes. They are really heavy! They are just really hard to walk on. They feel like I'm walking on solid cement, and the springs have no give. I've tried breaking them in, and no luck so far.After a jog, my feet feel bruised the next day. I tried putting cushy in-soles in them, but that just makes them too tight. For 150$, this is a TOTAL waste of money!! They do look nice, but these are the most uncomfortable and heavy pair of running shoes I've ever worn.", "I love Nike Shox sneakers, they are very hard to find, but they are great for my needs.  I walk in them, run in them and every now and then, i wear them for the day, very comfortable.", "I loved the shoe it was just too big I tried to swap them out but it was not an option thank you for your business, will look to shop with you in the future", "They were to large.  I am sending them back. I also received two pairs.  So I have to return both . Then try to find out if my card was charged twice.", "I didn't have any problems ordering and receiving this shoes but when I tried it on I felt it heavier than expected.", "I returned these because they were too small. I'll give them four stars anyway because I have a lot of experience with air shod. They are normally a comfortable shoe with good stability.", "This is a comfortable shoe I really like the design of it it needs to be a little wider but it is worth the money I really like them", "Fit and quality is just as I expected.  These are the only Nike products I consistently  purchase.  This style of their shoes and I like their watches also.  Both Awesome products.", "This is the 2nd pair of Nike Shox NZ I purchased for my son. Very easy to clean, great support and fit.", "They really fit Perfect, Quality is very good, as to be expected with Nike. Color is rich and classy and can be worn with jeans.", "Nike Shox Nz have been the best Gym shoes compared to any other athletic shoes period! This is my 6th pair of Shox & 2nd pair of Nz and for a reason. The fit is perfect due to it's construction and the inner sole is so comfortable that you'll never have blisters again no matter what kind of activity your into. The Nike shox nz have a wide fit giving me extra stability when working out, running, & even crossfit training compared to all other sneakers i've owned. All these statements are based on my opinions & i bet you'll agree as well after owning a pair!!!", "Brazil - Gramado - Rio Grande do SulI love products of nike, comfortable shoes, even with the price a little high, it is simply and beautiful, no extravagant colors that is normally nike, European style. do not think twice buy it", "Excellent shoes especially did the money.  They feel great on and look fantastic.  You will not be disappointed with this purcase", "I loved my pair, however, it is a little tight around my toes. I know they will be worn in though. Also, they look so cool!", "Love shoxs and thay always fit the same. Great color too. good support for the knee as far as shcok on the knee when jogging.", "My sons foot is growing faster than I can keep up with.  I ordered these shoes because my husband likes his so much.", "Extremely comfortable, these sneakers feel like you are wearing a glove on your foot. They allow your feet to breathe and are extremely stylish.", "..get what ur size is.  i went 1/2 size bigger & wish i didn;t....otherwise, great shoes for decent price all things considered", "Nice shoes and very comfortable. Something to consider when purchasing is that they run a little on the small side so I would suggest a half size bigger than your normal size. Also, they dont allow your feet to breathe very well.", "First of all, I absolutely love the design of the shoes. However, being that there Nike, I'm not surprised that I'm disappointed in this purchase. I wear a size 11, and I purchased size 12, and they're so tight they don't even fit my feet. This is probably the worst pair of shoes I've ever bought, and I will never buy another pair of Nike shocks ever again.", "These shoes are over priced but comfy.", "you have to buy a size bigger than you get your other shoes, other than that this is great looking, comfortable and stylish shoe.", "There are good I loved I bought two pairs of them and i love both pairs I might buy another pair soon", "Awesome fit love the shoes if you want to get awesome shoes that fit great then get these shoesBest shoes ever", "Nice shoes are the only shoes i wear as far as running shoes go.  Like the eay they look and feel.", "I like them, But I was expecting them be awesome, I got size 11 but they were tight in the front.", "I have worn NIKE for more than half of my life and after 10 pairs, you'd think I would buy a half size larger than my typical shoe size on this particular purchase. After not having SHOX for 8 years and wanting to go back to them, I decided to get my real size to see if they would actually fit. They did not.... They are tight between the big ball and small ball of my feet-- the widest point of course. I can wear thin athletic socks with them at best for them to be comfortable enough as I try to work them in. The next purchase? Half size larger; I won't make that mistake again... So yes, typical NIKE mold... go a half-size larger and you will be golden. Other than that, I love the style, they look VERY well made, and the heel cups rather nicely just as I remember. I plan to buy more colors. They are very comfortable other than widest point.", "not the same nike", "and there is a lot of support from the shiny parttaking the daily pound of the gym well no issues at all", "The shoes were exactly as we expected. The fit, color, quality are all at high ratings. I always lo e nike.", "Very nice design, perfect fit and really confortable to play with. I will definitely recomend this shoes to anyone who plays indoor football on regular bases", "Perfect product,  best relation between cost and quality.  Nice weight and you can shoot really nice and hard.  I hope they last at least 3 years.", "Well the item is really comfortably nice material. I'm normally an 8 1/2 but i ordered a 9 and it feels great! Well in my opinion it does cause I dislike my indoors tight..", "those where for my son  and he say &#34;are really nice ...size was perfect&#34;...color and all is okwe can buy this again", "The shoe is perfect for soccer practice and the colors are amazing, I am satisfied with the purchase. thank you very much", "(Just to clear this up, I am James Brown's daughter.) I have a narrow foot and these fit perfectly! They are very comfortable, and have a great color combo. They are my favorite out of all the other Nikes I have bought in the past. I do normally wear a sz. 8 and I bought a sz. 8.5. I didn't buy mine from Amazon, I bought mine from a retail store. They were WAY CHEAPER there. I think they were $45 not on sale. I have been so suprised with how clean they have stayed. I would recommend them to anyone.", "I have wide feet and these are so comfortable and light. I run and weight train in them and have never had any mishaps. I used to be pretty biased with running shoes (Aasics only) but these are half the weight and make my workouts easier. I wish they made them in many more colors!!!", "I really hoped these shoes would be a great new shoe for my transition into working out more.  They were an inexpensive option, and I liked the style.However, they hurt my feet, and there wasn't any arch support at all.  I have a relatively high arch, so keep that in mind.  I am sure the size 8 was the right size for me.  The shoe just doesn't &#34;hug&#34; your foot like it should.  I feel that a great athletic shoe should support your foot while still giving the ball of your foot and your toes some space.  This shoe felt very spacious in the foot area, and my arch was left hanging to support itself.  Maybe this shoe is better for a flatter foot.I am a longtime fan of Nike shoes, so when I returned these, I purchased another Nike shoe.  I ended up trying on all of the Nikes at the store, and then I choose the Flex Experience RN 2.  It has been a better fit for my whole foot.", "light and airy. my feet can feel the wind. my own big toe does get achey. but its my own infirmity not due because of the fine sneaker. car accident did my toe in.", "These shoes are made very well, but are too small for my feet, ordered a 8.5 fit like a 7.5 . Ended up giving them to my son(instead of sending them back as i tried to break them in)they are very narrow!", "Good quality with stylish design!  It's a little big heavy on the weight side but our kid loves wearing it.", "I own an other pair, bought some where else. Was disappointed by the yellowing of one the soles, on the bottom of the shoe.", "Got these for my 10 year old son.He loves them, so do his friends!Durable, well fit and fun.  Great shoes!!!", "This is the second Nike Shox NZ that I buy and I couldn't be more satisfied about it. Not only the design is amazing in my opinion, but this shoes are very comfortable for walking/jogging and durable too.", "Wow, I din't really pay attention to the shipping, but it was next day, very fast.  The shoes were just as the picture showed them to be.  Very comfortable.  They fit me like a glove, and I don't have a wide foot. Someone with a wide foot might want to get a larger size because of this. Also they are very sporty!", "12 yr. old had a great season in these cleats.  Was easy to follow on the field because of color.  Highly recomment.", "I ordered these for my son, who is a little picky about his shoes....They fit perfectly and arrived ahead of the scheduled time...Will be ordering his next pair of shoes from there as well!!!  :)", "The shoe doesn't look as neon as it truly is I paid a lot of $ and my son got made fun of so now that's a wasted $110 warning the whole whole shoe is very bright and super shiny green", "Not ball shoes.These kicks are so comfortable, and if you did wear them, your swag would require a rating of 75 or higher (out of 100 respectively). These things are fire, but do be warned, if you do happen to purchase them, they are shoes that attract attention, and if you aren't that kind of dude, don't buy them.", "It Was a gift for my boy and he loved it. He is on the school basketball season and just mad it fine.", "I bought them because the design looks great, even tho i dont like so much the flashy color but the design convinced me.Inmediately I used them to play basketball and by the end of the games I realized that the side of my big toe is hurt. Other than that the shoe really looks awesome.", "Fell in love with this sneakers when i first saw it. So i had to get it. Really liked the unusual look. Fit good and feel really comfortable.", "I Love All the compliments I get where ever I travel, very good attention getters! I will be getting another pair as soon as I can of the same style and color! ! !", "Ran much larger than I thought, too far away to return and played in them once", "My son loves them . We had gone to several different stores looking for his size. Never again! Amazon is my go to from now on.", "I would rate 5 but every time I play in them, my knees hurt and that never happened with my previous basketball shoes... but it had amazing traction outdoors(haven't played indoors yet) and improves my cuts and overall speed.. these are EASILY the BEST pair of basketball shoes I have ever had!", "Can you please make a size 11.5 cause that's my size and I want them for my basketball season .", "I've bought this &#34;superhero&#34; shoe before. They look and fit great. A quality product at a great price. I'm happy.", "This is a good one.  Look so beautiful. I like it. And this one feel so good!laugh out  loud. goodj", "Poor traction on the gym floor.", "yes, it is very fit for me, thanks for your hard work, like it, buy it next time again. perfect", "I purchased this item as a baby shower gift thinking I was purchasing the shoe in pink as described. The shoe arrived in black and the seller didn't have pink. Little annoyed. Overall the quality was good and the packaging was good.", "I was surprised to find glitter in the sole. Seems odd for a boys' shoe. My son likes them though", "My son was absolutely amazed when he received these shoes.  He loves them and now all of his friends want a pair as well.", "My son wanted low tops for school basketball team.  He loves them.  Says they are very comfortable to run in.", "Comfortable, feels like air. These are great to drive stick shift in, but not for hiking. I say that because when going off road, one can feel every rock on their heels.", "My son purchased these but the quality is this pair was lousy. It was unlike the similar ones he bought as the store. It looked like the ones he had purchased from the store but somehow this quality was not the same.  He wore it for about 3 months and it fell apart.", "these shoes held up through my teenager who is awful hard on shoes. he said they were comfy and his feet werent sweety anymore", "These black and maize with flint greyNIKE DUNK HIGH BASKETBALL SHOESare both stylish and comfortable.  As streetwear, they look great with jeans.Built tough, these Nike Kicks have durable rubber outsole and leather upper with perforated toe for breathability.  The 'Nike Men's Dunk High Basketball Shoe' is Medium width allowing extra comfort for wider feet.SEE MY PHOTOS IN CUSTOMER IMAGESBeing lighter than the Nike Men's NIKE AIR FORCE, they are great for casual wear.  If you decide on a game of basketball with these sneakers, be careful about picking up scuff marks on the white rubber outsole!TheseNIKE DUNK HIGH BASKETBALL SHOESare 100% authentic guaranteed by the dealer and are shipped brand new in the box.  There is no doubt, this is a genuine Nike!RECOMMENDED: These lightweight  Nike NIKE DUNK HIGH BASKETBALL SHOES are avaliable inblack and redand black and blue.", "This is a good shoe but it had been used with little dirt in the bottom and it doesnt have the new shoe smell to it.", "FITS SMALL.VERY CONFORTABLE AND GOOD FOR ALL DAY WEARING.STURDY AND WELL BUILT.SCHOCK ABSORBING SOLE FUNCTIONS WELL.HAVE 2 PAIRS AND APPEARS THEY WILL LAST LONG TIME.SOLE IS SLIPPERY ON DOWNHILL ASPHALT.LOOKS VERY  GOOD.,AND THE PRICE IS COMING DOWN.", "this is SO sleek looking and awesome. my girls LOVE this shoe.. Everyone on their team ask where they got it, and want to match. Such vibrant colors, and just a darling shoe.. No complaints here! Great shoe", "Great fit ordered them slightly bigger so she would have some extra room Colors are bright and my daughter was very happy with them.", "I have problems with my heals so these sneakers fit like slippers!!!  I love them, I have purchased two styles in the &#34;FREE&#34; fit", "I have only had these shoes for a short period of time, but running on a tredmill and outdoors is so easy. Very soft cushioning and are well worth the price. Nike + is also great if you use it.", "Este modelo Pegasus 83 me han gustado desde hace mucho tiempo. Es mi segundo par de zapatos. Para el clima caluroso de mi ciudad -Guayaquil, Ecuador- los modelos de zapatos que venden las tiendas deportivas locales son muy cerrados y de material propenso a encerrar el calor. El material de este par tiende a no ser muy caluroso y de mayor ventilaci&oacute;n. ****Solo una precauci&oacute;n****: La suela base de estos zapatos (el modelo conocido ac&aacute; como de tostadora) NO ES ADECUADO PARA NING&Uacute;N TIPO DE SUPERFICIE H&Uacute;MEDA, ya que tiende a resbalarse debido a que el contacto con la suela del zapato no es total, sino a trav&eacute;s de los peque&ntilde;os cubos que la conforman.", "My wife loves these shoes.  She says it feels like she is walking around with t shirts on her feet.  A little pricey, but well worth it.", "I wear these to run and to workout at the gym. They're very comfortable and lightweight. My only problem is that the elastic area that grabs my ankles, grabs a bit too tightly. I don't notice it much during my workout, but right afterwards it's hard to ignore. I usually end up slipping them off to get relief.", "Very very comfortable shoe.  The grey is fabric so does get dirty, but also makes it feel like I am wearing slippers.  Not a bad trade-off.  Just don't wear them around on wet, rainy days.", "Great shoes but lasted only a few months before they lost their air and made me walk funny since I technically had a flat.", "Already a good time to use this shoe and this is showing excellent! Ja had other brand of shoes but all air max + are superior, I am delighted!", "Las mejores gomas que he podido comprar muy comodas y super resistentes . . . . . . . .", "Nike Air Max+ is a terrible design ... It looks good yet what good is this shoe if the air escapes in just 40 days of use. I had one from the 2011 as well which had similar fate. I thought they might have improved the design for this not to deflate like this but it does.Highly avoidable ... you can get 2 pairs of shoes for this kind of price.", "Lightweight, comfortable and nice-looking.  Did not need to be broken in at all.  The shoes are used at the gym/fitness center.", "Very comfortable and durable. I use it for running and going to the gym. Takes some adaptation time at first, since the supporting rubbers are rigid but they soften with use.", "todo llego bien y r&aacute;pido en perfectas condiciones me gustaron mucho son de buena calidad y muy bonitos y aqui estan de moda", "The pair hardly lasted six months before the air capsules wore out. The shoes were  uncomfortable to wear and didn't get any better after repeated use. Surprised Nikes shoes could be substandard quality considering the numerous pairs of Nike's I have owned in the past. Its appalling to know I had to pay the price for ordering this pair of shoes.", "thses are absolutely the BEST and MOST comfortable pair of tennis shoes I have EVER owned in 45 years. NIKE has always made good products, but they outdid themselves with these shoes. The price was right and I got them quickly thru amazon. Its a win-win situation, ESPECIALLY if you have problem feet like I do.", "This shoes are great my girl just got them for me yesterday took them for a run today in the morning all I can say its wow I have never I mean never had a shoe that felt this good on my feet and I had tried the Nike free runs asics saucony and many other running shoes when I was in cross country but this shoes are unmatchable down side is they are price but if your the type of person that has a flat foot like me and your back hurts after a long run this shoes will really help with that", "I have always been a person who appreciated good,quality shoes that performed at the price paid for them. Nike has seldom let me down over the years. Starting with the Air Jordans I have been consistingly pleased with the comfort, style, and performance of the Nike brand. At times I have been questioned by friends and family as to why I would pay more when I could get some other name brand, that had as much eye appeal as the nike, cheaper. The simple answer is that they are worth the difference. My latest 2 purchases have been the Air Maxes, the black leather, with green stripe, last year, and the black 2012 version. I don't buy them just for running but for casual wear also. For looks and performance they can not be matched. For the mall, or for the workout, I am rewarded by a shoe that meets and exceeds my highest expectations. Splurge, reward yourself, with  a shoe that loves your feet and will be with you for a long time.......  Happy Toe Nails", "This was on my son's Amazon Christmas Wish list, so hope they fit well. He has chosen similar shoes like this, in the past.", "This was a beautiful pair of nikes.  It wasn't supposed to arrive before christmas but it got here in time for me to get it as a present.  Better deal than at nike.com.", "Cute style, fits true to size and very comfy.  Haven't tried them on the course yet.  Hoping they'll improve my game : )", "-----The Good Stuff------great ventilation and cushioning-lightweight impact protection-really versatile shoe, can wear with almost anything-offers breathability-full mesh upper and phylon midsole-has a cushioned collar for protection around ankle-rubber waffle outsole for traction-lots of cool-----The Not So Good Stuff------they run just a little bit big with the size-----Other Comments------these shoes are really stylish-one of the most comfortable nike shoes I have worn", "I bought these for my son and he still wears them to this day. He swears they are the most comfortable sneakers he has ever owned.  Definitely will recommend to anyone.", "shoes are comfy, stylish..i also bought the olive green color too. hard to find. received a lot of compliments. nike roshe game..", "We received the item quickly.  My son and his friends loved the product.  He kept getting asked where he got them.  Would recommend to others.", "Bought these for all of the athletes in the family.  No more complaints of sore feet or aching backs.  Does not help if you are prone to shin splints.", "First off... this shipped to me in one day!!!!!!!!!! BEAUTIFUL SNEAKERS! I LOVE YOU GUYS SO MUCH THANK YOU GREAT SELLERRRR HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!", "Nike Air Max are always on the top of my list and the '97 version is my favorite. It's extremely hard to get them lately and I really wish Nike revived some of their old styles. Great sneaker, extremely comfortable and never seem to go out of style", "in love with the model.... max '97...i really love the lines...started with the silver and never got the same kinda feeling...but i like this shoes anyways.... they are confy even if feel a  lil bulky compared to the others....", "Love shox! I need more! The best and most comfortable pair of sneakers on the market. I hope Nike makes more!", "All items met my expectations. Love them all.", "I bought these for my boyfriend about 2years ago, I know im kind of late writing of review, but better late them never! Lets just say he loved them! they still look immacualte! I have yet to see anyone else with them on, Fit true to size, and the shipper was really quick!", "These are well made and sharp looking boots. The burgundy does stand out which cold be a plus to some. Husband says they are very comfortable. Likes them more than his uggs but come on Nike stands to its name!", "I really like the boots when I saw them online but they look even better in person. The the delivery was fast. Great quality boot. Really can't go wrong with Nike.", "The service was terrific and the boots arrive on time. Nike Air Max Goadome are the best boots I have had and also recommend this seller. thanks a lot.", "I  ordered Brown you sent me green?  IF I get past the color! it will be ok.. If I can talk to someone it would have been better???", "Very comfortable right out of the box. I am been doing yard work and walking around my acreage all day without a single sore spot. Breathable and cool. Quiet. Doesn't seem to pick up gravel (I have a 1/2 mile long gravel driveway). I would buy these for working around the house or hiking in or both (and I do LOTS of both)! Excellent shoe!", "Love the color the fit . Good going business with this company Boot looks great everyone that saw the boot feels the same way", "Looking to purchase more for my dad and brothers. Very comfortable, perfect fit, Legit pair, great customer service. Received promptly.", "My hubby birthday was coming up at the end of April, his only wish was to get these Nike Bo Jackson shoes. I looked every were, and even online, but could not find this color in his size. Finally I went to Amazon and they had 2 pairs listed in his size. His party was Saturday and I ordered the shoes from this retailer on Wednesday night. They stated they should be here by Monday, I'm like oh no I need these by Saturday. The shoes ended up coming on Friday afternoon. Super fast shipping, shoes look great, and he was happy! Thank you for helping me give him the gift he wanted, early", "Awesome pair of kicks. Nice color and very comfortable to wear. Feels like it has been broken in already. If the Bo Jackson breaking bats is available I would buy that as well.", "I am a sneaker head and love Bo Jacksons. This shoe is a great fit.  Very comfortable for working out or anytime wear.", "My Boyfriend Loved Them, They Arrived Earlier Then Expected Fit Was Perfect, Thinking About Ordering Another Pair For Fathers Day Can't Wait To See The Smile On His Face This Time!! Priceless!:-)", "My sneakers arrived before the estimated date. Everything was in tact and was exactly as I expected! I'm very excited about these because I wanted a pair since I was a kid. Still stylish and very Fresh! Definitely going to be an eye catcher when I step out in them and a great addition to my sneaker family.", "This is the sneaker I was waiting for. Feels great and looks even better. One of the best purchases I've made in months!", "THE SNEAKER FITS A LITTLE BIG. ITS GREAT FOR SOMEONE WITH A WIDE FOOT AS WELL. THEY ARE VERY NICE AND THE FIT IS OK", "They don't know how keep the customers. I was going to buy this sneakers for my husband for his Birthday too, the same of the other two customers; but I ask them if can they give me this for other price I saw one week before and they said Not straight, and I bough them by eBay more cheaper than this seller. My husband love this sneakers, they are awesome.", "Very comfy shoes with nice colors, where the every day if i can, would not heditate to buy another pair just a like", "My husband loves these shoes. They are a great fit for him. They came a little early then expected. They are just like they are in pic.", "got these for my boyfriend and he loves them. he have a great shoe collection and he love to throw them on for a trip to the mall or a night out. Great color", "I really like these shoes. I was kind of freaked out by the fact that they are plastic and not cloth material at first. But they are wondeful, great arch support and the size was perfect.", "These are the most comfortable pair of Nike's that I have ever owned.  They are so light yet sturdy I could wear them all day. I also get many complements on them.", "Would not recoomend to anyone. Looks awful, like someone made it on their backyard. Glue and threads all over the sneakers. But that could be seen in the photos, my mistake that not paid attention and used zoom", "I have found that I can get away with cheap sneakers when walking through central park but when I am walking on pavement,  my feet really get sore withouth good quality sneakers.  I found these to be very comfortable and I can walk longer without hating it.  My feet are now the last thing that wants to quit when I power walk.", "I wore this pair of boots for the first 3 years I moved to WI from TX and they kept my feet warm and dry- even through slushy snow. Also they are very cute and feel like a sneaker. Finally the plastic that holds them up broke and went through the fabric and cut up my ankle. But I'd say I got my money's worth. Would buy another pair if I wasn't moving back to TX. They were wonderful while they lasted. Usually wear a 7 1/2 but got an 8 and they fit like a charm even with wool socks. I highly recommend.", "These shoes are very nice!  The problem is that there are only  7 1/2  and my number is 8 so unfortunately have to return :-(", "Quick delivery.Fits as expected.Great price.They are wearing quite well.Getting a lot of use and complements on the color!", "I paid for expedited shipping for this product & it arrived even faster than expected!  Shoes looked great and fit well.", "Excellent golf shoes, have worn them a few times now and they are just so comfortable. Just a great pair of  Nike Golf Shoes!!  Delivery was super fast, took less than a week to get to Australia.", "These shoes are very comfortable. I like white color and they are very comfortable. I wore them in tournament and practice.", "These shoes are not exactly trendy, but they are durable (3rd yr.) supportive and waterproof.  As good as dry joys which I usually buy.", "I like this shoe. Light, supportive. I'm a guard and this shoe performs well with quick cuts. Plant with confidence. Only drawback is that the Nike swoosh peels off easily. It's a cheap sticker.", "I collect Nike air max and try are ussually comfortable however for some reason after a few hours they hurt my feet.", "Bought these for my son who is on the track team.  Great price and value...saved around $20 over local brand name store purchase.", "This thing looks like a carbon fiber BOOT. Love the look of it, and I get lotta compliments when I step on the court. In use, the shoe is average in weight, and it takes some breaking-in. Out of the box, it's really stiff and actually chafes the back of my leg (the tender area where the pull-up loop is located). Ultimately, traction is good, and there's good ankle support, but the fit is a little narrow for my taste. I wear 10.5 for most Nikes and that's what I ordered here. Maybe order half a size up if you have wider feet.", "These shoes fit and look great, the top is a little shiny looking like carbon fiber. Good for sport or to go to the mall.", "These were a great gift for my seventeen year old boy.  It was priced just right for my Christmas budget.  The quality of the shoe was great. My son is enjoying wearing his shoes to school and everywhere else.", "My daughter loves these shoes!  They have held up well thru weeks of 3 times per week practices and games!  Still going strong!", "Great value for price. Pegasus is a tried and true shoe for runners. Very durable. Very comfortable. Nike+ is a great addition. Use it! Buy the Nike+ armband and start tracking your progress!", "I bought these shoes for my wife and she absolutly loved them. She used the Nike Ipod app with this shoe too. No significant wear but she has done over 200 miles of running in them and they were way overdue to be replaced.", "Not only was I happy with the quality and price, but I was also pleased with the prompt free shipping!", "I usually wear 9.5 in other shoes, sometimes 10s. All the reviews I read said that they run small so I got a 10. Way too small. Got a 10.5 - the length was about right but they were so tight in the front foot I couldn't wear them. Opted for an 11 - felt like I was wearing swim fins during my workout and had to lace them up tight just to keep them from slipping off.Went back to my old, worn out Asics for my workouts. Next time I'll go into the store to try on shoes. Maybe I'm just not for Nike? Try them for yourself but make sure you try them on before, or be sure of the return policy.", "Nice lightweight running shoe good for the gym.  A bit tight on the big toe on each foot.  Its my second pair of these and first pair is quite comfortable now that my toe pokes out of the tip...", "These shoes fit great and look SICK! I am usually a size 12&1/2 or 13. the 13 fits perfect. They are great for cross-training, lifting, and running.", "A Little bit small s choose one size larger. Otherwise awesome shoe and no prob with delivery. Thank you !", "my grandson just loved this pair of shoes, jordan fan and loved basketball great fit comfy fit and good grip", "Very disappointing from the seller. I received one shoe in yellow color and the other was orange. I would have returned the shoes but unfortunately for me, I shipped it to the UAE. To return it, it will cost me the shoes total cost in shipping back and forth.I am extremely dissatisfied with the seller \"kicksftw\".I hope I receive some sort of compensation for my loss. The shoes is going to the garbage because it is unwearable.", "Great shoe, perfect condition. Only problem (well, more confusion) is I thought they were black and they're actually dark brown. The color name \"cinder\" doesn't make me think brown. Nice looking shoe nonetheless!", "I love shoxs in general, but I really like the orange color on this pair.  I normally wear an 8 but I had to get an 8.5 to fit me comfortably because they seem to be narrow, but other than that I love the shoe!", "Pro: Nike Air Force One. Cool Look. Subdued colors blend nicely with casual clothes. QualityCon: Have to loosen up way out just to slip my foot in. Seems very flat inside sole.", "Is a good skate shoe, shipping a tad slow. But I am in Hawaii\"Aloha\"", "I purchased these boots for work and I love them they are very comfortable.  I have purchased other brands but none compare to these.", "I love my original Spiz-Ike's so I gotta love these Winterized version  of the sneaker! I'm looking forward to wearing these in the snow this winter!", "I really lucked out on these especially exactly in my size, shopop you guys are awesome would recommend anyone to you and will deff be getting more Kobe 8s", "I purchase these for my son  he love them so much he hardly wears them .  I think i will be buying more since he isgrowing  at such fast pace.", "Love these shoes to death. And also scored a deal on here. The picture here for this color is a bit off for some reason. The nike swish here should have a corresponding yellow to the sole of the shoes. Its what I got and that's the right color, not the orange swish depicted. So, if you, like me is/was worried about that, don't be. You'll get a yellow swish.This shoe provides great support and great lunarlon cushioning. I love the low top design to allow me to slip in my ankle braces easily. If you wanted to buy kobes, get kobe 6 or 8. STAY AWAY from the 7s.", "Great comfort, performance support, and durable. Fits true to size. Very, colorful, stylish and unique features. Looks great on the court", "Very high quality were not fake.box was kinda beat up but got to my house in 2 days and I live on the other side of USA from them so super fantastic and super low rates and great return policy and warranty!", "These are the low top best basketball shoes ever made. I love them, your feet don't get sore, never got a blister from them.", "We bought these shoes for our 17 year-old grandaughter and she has now decided that she is only going to wear Nikes! The shoe is much nicer looking than the photo, the colour is better and brighter,she says they are really comfy and you can't beat the price! Great shoe!", "Purchased these for my grandson and he gave them a real good wear and now is wearing Skechers. Young boys and their shoes.", "I have tried many cleats and these are BY FAR my favorite cleats. They are very versatile and fit my feet perfectly. Great for people with a semi-arch. They come with inter-changeable colors for the outside swoosh. The laces are too short so I had to buy new ones but other than that they're absolutely my favorite cleats. I definately recommend these to anyone looking for a good, durable pair of cleats.", "I love these shoes, as I have the originals, but they arrived completely defective.  There is nothing worse than pulling out your new kicks and seeing them messed up.  The right shoe has indented impressions all along the outside and it's covered in excess glue.  I really wish this seller checked out the pair before they were sent.  Major bummer.", "Somewhat narrow, still an excellent shoe.  This is my second pair, the first pair was a perfect fit.  Good work shoe.", "I have been looking for these shoes forever! They were my favorite shoes and wanted another pair. Have not had a pair of these since 1997! I am glad I found them and got shipped fast which was great!", "I bought this Nike for my twelve year old cousin new school term and he just loves it. Due to the boot look of this Nike you may think it is heavy but it is not and it has lots of support for your feet inside the shoe. My twelve year old cousin said that it feels like a cushion of air under his feet.As this is for the new school term starting in September he has not really worn it but he tries it on every so often and then takes it off and putts it back in his closet.So buy with confidence. I will post an update after a few months of wear and tear.", "Looked cheap. Came out of the package  already creased. Wore them a few times and went back to my old ones.", "its very nice a pair a shoes, confortable, kiut and more, i am very happy with it, just in time, best performance, every thing its perfect", "Neat little Jordans and not over priced. My son loved them while they still fit and werent destroyed yet.  good deal", "I have had these shoes for a year and I have had nothing but bad experiences.  Within the first month one of the bubbles popped and the outside lining near the inner ankle starting wearing off on both shoes.  I have never had shoes do this before and I do not walk with my feet rubbing on each other.  I sent the shoes back to Nike thinking it was a manufacturer defect and they returned them back to me saying there was nothing wrong.  Soon enough the loop that holds the laces on the tongue starting coming off.  Now I have string hanging off everywhere and the tongue is now coming detached from the inner lining of the shoe.  If I could post pictures I would.  I have ran only 45 miles in the shoes and I workout at home 3 times a week.  I am terribly disappointed in these $160 dollar shoes.  I have also tried to get on the nike website to send an e-mail about my huge disappointment but they do not make it easy by any means.  I highly recommend not purchasing these shoes.", "I love these shoes.  The fit is great and they are so comfortable.  I love them so much I ordered a second pair in another color.  Might order a third pair just so i have them on hand.  Next year I am sure Nike will change the style and since it is hard for me to find shoes that fit well and in my size (5.5) I will grab them up while I can.  Probably the best Nike's I have ever owned.", "I love the shoes, they are comfortable. I wish they had my size in gray/black color though. Totally will recommend it to my friends, perfect for running and just working out.", "we bought these for our 12 year-old son and he loves them. They fit true to size and the colors are as they appear in the photo.", "Second day of field hockey with these cleats I have two blisters on the top of my heal.  It hurts but other then that I love them", "Got it for a friend for his birthday and I will buy another to my brother because it's so pretty, I loved it!! Recommended!! :-)", "These shoes are great looking and exceeded my expectations! Usual top shelf visuals and quality product. Will definitely buy these in another color.", "Purchased for hashing and hiking. Will recommend getting a half size bigger for off-road use. Great for trails, dirt, rocks and mud. Too new to comment on durability. Oh yeah \"looks great\".", "Beautiful shoes but thin soled so it hurts if you jump from a high place.The colors are also very nice.", "The boots are Gray. They were supposed to be BLACK! Overall the purchase process was good. Just expected another color.", "Bought it for my 13 year old son to wear on sport day at school. They are very fussy about leather shoes. Only problem - I couldn't tell from the photo that the front is fabric, not leather. I also can't keep that bit very clean, despite washing them. However, my son loves them and says they are very comfortable. Also,quite narrow in the front - Ok for us but might be an issue if your child has a broad foot", "it is very well made and a great fit, I have had a few nike in the past few years but this one is very very well made.", "These shoes fit well, hold your foot perfectly for easy walking.  These are the third (different) pair I got my husband.  He hated the other two.  Loves these...even retired the old, older pair.  WOW, that really says something.  Made well, lighter weight, excellent fit.  For not trying on a pair of shoes, we did good!", "Good pair of shoes", "i needed to find a certen color shoe for work and had been looking for a while. These were the type of shoe I needed and for a good price,", "It still bothers me that Nike discontinued the equalon series.  The replacement &#34;stability&#34; shoes are awful.  If someone ever finds something equivelent I'd love to know.  And, I've tried Mizunos and Brooks Beast; they were awful for me.", "I love this shoes, Nike did it again, perfect fit, nice colors and perfect balance.And this is actually a must buy if you love to run or simply walk in a different style.", "i love these, i bought the same model in 2011 and they lasted forever. these new ones run smaller than i expected, so go 1/2 size up if this is your first time with this shoe. love the colors, the fit is great, excellent comfort and striking details. LOVE LOVE LOVE. arrived very quickly and great price.", "Runs small, tight across the middle. Watch for this as they will be very small, might want to get larger size", "If you're considering ordering this item, I would definitely go with either a half or a full size over what you were considering, as they were very tight upon arrival!  A week or so of wearing them has not cause them to open up considerably, but they aren't cutting off circulation anymore, ha ha.  A good buy nonetheless.", "shipment free and on time!awesome shoes! fit well, look so cool and feel so good! plus a great price!!totally love them:)", "What I expected", "It's so hard to find a shoe that has the color's that i love for a decent price!! 10/10 would recommend", "It is very simple n comfy. I Bought it for my boyfriend birthday n he really likes it. Very satisfied", "I bought these shoes for regular use they are comfortable after being worn in a little. I would suggest these shoes to any 1", "Shoes ran perfect sizing. Since 12.5 is a hard size to find, I don't care what the color is because I don't work out to make a fashion statement.", "My husband wore to disneyland he absolutely loved color and thought they were very comfy. We will buy more soon !", "I've worn Shox for years. Love them ,they are my favorite running shoes.once they break in after 30 40 miles of running they feel like pillows! For your feet that is.", "OMG!!!This is the best R4 I've ever seen!!!I bought regular size although usually I always buying wide, but it fits perfectly!!!LOVE THEM!!!", "This shoe was great after about a week for the first few days they really cut into my ankle but now there FANTASTIC", "It fits well as expected.It looks really nice and comfortable to wear.Overall, i love my new KDVI. 2 Thumbs up!", "These shoes are very comfortable, provide tremendous grip, and plenty of style.  The materials used feel very high quality and the shoe has no obvious point of wear even after 2 years.  There were some very small tears in the very outer layer of the &#34;suede&#34;  material but it's purely aesthetic damage and to be expected after so long. The plastic piece on the lace is very convenient ;I haven't tied my shoes for at least a year now and there isn't much of an issue. Overall I'm thrilled with the looks, the quality, and the performance of the shoes grip.  They will last as long as two pairs of another shoe", "This shoe is everything I expected, and then more... I would highly recommend this to anyone wanting a nice looking shoe, I get compliments all the time. It matches really well with a lot of different cloths I have, and it's affordable too.", "I got my Jordans in the mail today and boy, they are sweet. They are perfect because they are my school colors and b-ball is starting up soon. They are extremely comfortable and have great ankle support. I think that the 23 on the back is a nice touch. Overall, a fantastic shoe.", "Shoes are just as expected fit and look great. I have had slot if complements with these shoes. I would order shoes like this again.", "I love these shoes they are sick to wear with anything and very durable the only problem I have is that I have wide feet and had to give these to my brother in law and he loves them even more then I did so if you want some bomb Jordans that can practically fog with anything get these :-)", "I got these shoes for my son he loves them color is great I can't wait to order next item.", "Kd is the most Comfortable shoes i like it so much and the color of the shoes is nice .", "the shoe is great. nice fit. weighs nice on my fit. cant complain. i more use it when im going up and about around town.", "Just as expected! Great color, looks awesome, can't wait to try it. Let's see how it feels on court, can't wait!", "I bought my little brother and I both a pair...and they look awesome such bright colors so they definitely stand out with any outfit", "Looks great with short or long jeans, I get many compliments on their appearance.  A welcomed addition to my wardrobe.  I don't play sports anymore, so these will last a long time.", "The Nike RT1 - Revolution Trainer 1 was inspired by the Nike Air Trainer 1 model. This Dark cinder-tan/Brown colorway with orange laces complements any jeans - from your trusty 505s to today's 'distressed' styles!If you find the colorway too bold, simply replace the orange laces! The Nike RT1 is shipped with an extra pair of brown laces to easily transform your kicks into 'elegantly casual' shoes!SEE MY PHOTOS IN CUSTOMER IMAGESThe shoe size runs a little larger in these Nike Men's NIKE RT1 HIGH CASUAL SHOES. (I usually wear 10.5 and 10 was fine).  The shoes are Medium width allowing extra comfort for wider feet and the ankle support is as comfortable as you can wish for!What I love the most about these RT1 High Lifestyle Shoes?  They don't show dirt as well as some other shoes! :))RECOMMENDED: The Nike RT1 High shoes are comfortable, durable and stylish. The  Black / White-Azure-Dark Grey colorway looks great!", "a lil flashy, nonetheless lasted good two years before it was completely ruined. Comfortable and rocks with anything. loved even with the hate comments", "Love these shoes, they are very comfy and I got remarks about them all the time! I love the color and the fit pretty close to size.", "At first I got some nike air force 1 in orange and I loved the colour and the shoe, so I decided to get the same ones in green and I LOVE IT! they are so pretty and very comfortable. Also the material is very resistant which makes it very durable.", "I bought these for Zumba. They have the right circular sole and have amazing arch support. In fact, if you are not ready for that amount of support, plan to tape your foot the first few times you wear them until they loosen up a bit(or you'll have some gnarly blisters...). Stiff at first... amazing after. LOVE these shoes. I do wish, however, that they were in more bold colors. The light blue is not normally a color I wear, but I make it work...", "I ordered these last week, and was very surprised to have received them in less than 7 days! Also, the box was in perfect condition, and the sneakers where exactly what i expected. I got a size 4 and it fits perfect. ! :)", "The company's product came without any blemishes, etc.  The shoes were in excellent condition.  They arrived earlier than the perceived date!  I will definitely order from them again.", "They could've been cheaper....i got them for max price....all of my friends who have similar ones said they get them for about 40% less....all in all they are pretty nice in looks but still..too much especially after what my friends told me..its not worth buying them because you can get them much cheaper elsewhere.", "I really liked them they fit well and feel great on the foot. I like the poly spikes them come with. The only nich is tying the shoes is interesting with the lace cover... over all great cleet.", "I returned the 1st since it is too small for my feet. my feet is about 28cm ,I choose the 10.5 size. Later,I found it was too too small,even I can't put my feet in.So I changed 11.5 instead and seller cost me $5 for shipping.The new one looks good and EZ 2 sprint.The only 2 problems:1.The needle at the bottom is EZ to loose,I almost need to tighten it everytime after games.2.The back of the bowel is to high ,since the material is artificial Leather,it is tend to hurt at the back of my ankle,so It is a good idea to buy a thick soccer sock.", "I bought these thinking they'd be great because i am a striker, and well they're overall pretty good other than that they have absolutely not arch support. Also they come with pointed metal replaceable cleats so try to find different recplaceables. Other than that i have no complaints.", "Daughter is using them for HS Girls soccer and loves the feel and grip of the cleats.  Has played on artificial turf...hard ground, muddy fields and have not disappointed on any surface!", "I've been wearing nike high tops exclusively for 15 to 20 years. these are the worst i've ever owned.I always wear black high tops. nothing flashy. no more than a couple of colors. something basic.  When it was time to get some new shoes (i think they now design the soles to come off prematurely so that you have to buy new shoes) i checked a couple of nike outlet stores and could only find super flash basketball shoes.  After giving up i decided to try google and found that they do in fact still make basic looking high tops. i found a particular style and located it here and couldnt be happier with the cosmetics.  Of course i knew it was a gamble buying shoes online without trying them, but ive never been dissatisfied with my nikes before, even the pair i bought on amazon a number of years ago.when the shoes finally came in i was not let down cosmetically but when i went to put them on i couldnt get my foot in comfortably without loosening the laces on the top 3 or 4 lace holes. otherwise i have to stomp my foot into them.  Once my foot was in they were comfortable. its just getting it through the tops of the shoe. there is a loop on the back to hold the shoe back up to slide your foot in easier, but its so stubby that i cannot grip it properly when putting my foot into the shoe. i figured this would get easier as they broke in but that did not happen.thats all find and dandy, but my main reason for writing the review is to let it be known that these shoes could cause an injury.  From day one, i have not been happy with absorption of shock under my foot. come to think of it i dont think there is any arch support at all in these - its barely a step up from walking without any shoes. its not comfortable, but it doesnt hurt so i figured \"oh well\". well a couple of months later, i start noticing this pain in my left foot arch. I do a lot of walking for my job (work in a hospital) so i figured maybe it was that, but i've been doing it for over 2 years and have not had a problem yet.  I also havent changed any other walking patterns or habits. I assume the pain will pass but after 2 weeks it has only gotten worse. I do some research and find that my symptoms fit textbook Plantar Fasciitis, which one of the causes is bad shoes.so i found some gel insoles and have put them in these things, to try and salvage them.  Hopefully this, along with the recommended stretching and excercises, makes my Plantar Faciitis subsideI will never order shoes online again and, if i cant find anything cosmetically appealing in a store, will not order nike's again.", "Great shoes with amazing comfort and stability as I run 50 miles a week. The seller had quick shipping and no hassles. Easy transaction.", "Ordered a larger size than my son normally wears and wider and this shoe was still a tight fit. Thought my son would have room tog row no such luck- really nice shoe though.", "Bought these for my son and he loves his Kobe's!  We went to a Laker game and he wore them, he got looks at his feet :)", "I wear these for slippers.  They are very comfortable and make my feet feel great.My wife has a pair too.  We have bought this type of \"slipper\" from a number of companies but these are the best we have found.", "they are a little snug right now but the 11's would have been too big.  Too bad they don't come in half sizes but I think they will give as they are worn", "These are so soft, I forget to take them off when I get into the house. If these ever wear out, I'll look for the exact same sandles to replace them.", "I don't too excited over most things, especially shoes.Really, I have never had any shoe (or sandal) feel more natural and comfortable as wellas look pretty cool.  The best part is, I won't need to buy another pair for a while since they are so durable/Highly recommend a really fine product.", "These slides are great!  My husband loves them - this is his second pair, since our dog liked them, too!  Just wish they also made a line for women.", "The most comfortable flip flops I ever owned period, they wear out on average but overall just great product, would recommend to anyone looking for a total casual flip flops especially when you get a little wet...", "I don't too excited over most things, especially shoes, so for me to take the time torecommend these Nikes tells me I've gone over the edge ;-).Really, I have never had any shoe (or sandal) feel more natural and comfortable as wellas look pretty cool.  I have a bunion that doesn't agree with many sandal types, but withthese I don't know I have one.  I wore these from June through November here in Florida,nearly every day in my condo and in the pool, ocean, sandy beaches and hot asphalt roads.I even wore them on my 6 mile walk when my joggers were soaked from a rainstorm...  I didn'tthink it was too smart to try that,but they felt great.The best part is, they still look and feel like new and I won't NEED to buy another pair forspring, but since I have the black pair, I will be buying the charcoal/lime for a fresh look.Highly recommend a really fine product.", "I bought these sandals last year and I didn't bother to find out whether they were for men or women. I just know that when I tried them on it was  heaven on my feet. I wore them to death last summer and I am going for round two. They feel so awesome and I would not wear any others as long as I can find these. They are still as comfortable as when I first bought them. The best universal sandal ever.", "Bought a pair of these 2 years ago.  Just bought three more since they are hard to find. The new pairs were made in China.  The old pair were made in Vietnam.  Both are size 11M.  The Chinese pair is about 1/2 size smaller than the ones made in Vietnam.", "higher arch requires a larger size to slip on easily.", "PLEASE READ* Don't buy any Space Jams With Blue Soles or Clear soles. Why? Because the jordan space jam 11 came out over 4 years ago, its impossible to find jordan that clear without yellowing. I'm a expert at buy jordans and jordan that release in 2009 didn't come with blue soles. Search it up.", "I purchased my gamma 11's from kickzstore and they were prefect! 100% authentic shoes and the service was great! I was skeptical at first with the price an all! But I'm very satisfied!", "The area around the toe is a little tight.  The patent leather doesn't have any give.  Better get a size bigger.", "This jordan's shoe big size 9 and I want change to size 8.5 but I want back a money please.  I will other something to amazon.  I will back to box store in calikicks and I don't know number phone where?", "For  all of of you that are busy saying that these are fake take a look at the buyers name ,Nike", "LOVE THESE, THEYRE MY FAVORITE KICKS BUT IM STUPID TO PAY THAT MUCH MONEY FOR ANY SNEAKER!!! I WISH THEY CAME BACK OUT AGAIN", "Item was great except for the paper inside the box was destroyed & the grey 11 plastic cover was cracked! I don't know how such a thing could happen other than the people not taking care of em. Shoes are icy and it was a good cop", "I had a great experience buying my shoes from them responded quick with any questions the shoes are 100% authentic", "exactly what I was looking for fast shipping easy to work withwould use again and highly recommend for a friend good job", "\"I love them i order it to myself as a birthday gift because my b day Dec.2 and i loved it ,its no rip off it real genuine 11s cool grey jordan and ill recommend people to come here to buy jordans from this seller", "GREAT SHOES, FIT TO SIZE, NEVER WILL PAY AGAIN FOR ANY OTHER SHOES.  THE COST IS JUST HIGHWAY ROBBERY AND SHAME ON JORDAN FOR ALLOWING THIS TO HAPPEN.  BUT SON WAS VERY HAPPY WITH PRODUCTION.  IT WAS EITHER SPEND THE NIGHT IN THE DARK OVERNIGHT AND/OR SPENT THE EXTRA CASH FOR THE SHOE.", "I love these shoes, the best Retro 11's. 110% authentic, couldnt be more happy with the services you guys provided.", "The Seller Is Great !! I Ordered Jordan 11 Gamma Blue's Like 4 Days Ago And I Received It Today !! The Shoe Quality Was Great , Was Wrapped In Its Original Packaging And It Is 100% Authentic !! I Will Continue To Deal With This Seller And I Hope You Will Too As I Can Assure You That You Would Be Very Happy", "i received my concords today and I loved them, I know the ones I got r not fake, everything seems to be legit.. I have been looking for these shoes since 96.. 18 years later I am a very satisfied customer... I got mine through kw boutique.. investigation or not I got the product that I wanted... thank you ;-)", "- Where Are My Cool Grey Jordans ordered on the 19th of January? I did the one day shipping thing & Im looking at the tracking package , its in saint louis but not at my front door ! Grrrr !", "Air Jordan 11 Retro Sneaker's White Black Dark Concord 378037 107 (8.5) excellent 100 x 100 percent recommended and responsible", "These are fake as hell no one should buy these just look at closely if your not convinced got to Nike.com/jumpman", "Love the kicks. They look nice but had very minor defects on the side of my bred 11s. I saw a few red paint stains on the white part of the shoe.", "I love it and i  very surprice of getting the best product with all original package as mention i will like to get more from this seller , he is into his customer satisfaction", "So after further inspection of the shoe i realized that one shoe is completely different from the other shoe. It is like one shoe is authentic and the other is a copy. I am really dissapointed", "So I ordered them on the 6th of October and received them on the 12th. So shipping was pretty quick (it was 30$ though). So when I got them, there were a couple of things that were off. The font on the inner tag was way off. The carbon fiber on the sole was also off. The \"23\" in the back heel tab was slanted. So then I posted pictures online to see if they were authentic. And it was confirmed that they were not. Here is a link to the authenticity check.[...]Here is another link to a pair that is authentic go ahead and compare the tags[...]Be careful when purchasing these from any seller because I have read that there are lots of fakes and B grades floating around.I hope I can get my money back.Nike Air Jordan 11 Retro Concord (378037-107)", "our second pair of shoes from this site and still happy. this was another good pair and real shoes. we will continue to buy from amazon. took shoes to two stores and these were 100% real. my son loved them once again", "Well I guess you can see when I get them. Then I will tell you everything ik now adopt these shoes", "The Concord XI is one of the greatest Jordan sneaker designs ever created. A must have for any sneakerhead to add to your collection.", "If anyone goes into there pocket and actually take out the money to pay for these fake shoes you are a fool.", "Thanks this was the first thing I order off here I think and would say this is the best thing I got ever from offline", "Hello, I need to complete my order,because i receive the product but i don't believe my credit card clear,So i need to finish paying for my order,Can you tell how to finish my order,Please. Henry", "Anyone who is comparing a generic picture of the sneaker to the real sneaker is dumb. That is not the actual product nor is about 99% of any pictures on amazon. I myself was skeptical about the authenticty of the sneaker but if they were fake all I had to do was return it. The sneaker passed all comparisons, (i.e. varsity maize jumpman on insole, correct coloring of the phrase on the inside of tongue, correct high shoe cap, correct carbon fiber, correct coloring of sole..which is not the same color as in the picture..., correct box and inserts, correct shoe trees, ect.) In fact, I bought 3 different sized gamma xi's (6y, 9.5M, and 12M) from three diffent sellers and all three were authentic so I wouldn't worry too much about fakes, especially if your able to return the sneakers. Overall, this is 100% authentic.", "I got these as brand new, I really like them, but am not really sure about if these pairs are authentic or fake. Everything seems right but the carbon fiber seems odd. I searched up some authentic carbon fibers on youtube, but the ones on youtube, and the carbon fiber on mine looks different...", "So happy with my purchase, finally able to have my favorite J's of all time. Won't be for daily use that's for sure.", "OMG, THIS SHOE IS EVERYTHING THAT I EXPECTED!  THIS IS MY FIRST PAIR OF JORDANS AND I LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  AT FIRST I THOUGHT THAT THE PRICE WAS A BIT HIGH, BUT ITS WORTH EVERY PENNY!  I AM HAPPY THAT I MADE THIS INVESTMENT.  AFTER BUYING THESE, I THINK I WILL BECOME A JORDAN'S FANATIC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", "Love the jordan eleven, had them all except the concords. Probably the best player in the world haven't seen better yet", "i liked it; it fitted perfectly,  Also the quality is just like what I expected. I would highly recommend ordering from this site to a friend.", "This was the retro I had been waiting to get and finally got it. The fav in my collection. Great fit and comfort! Super nice!", "I don't know about the others but I got mine last month and it was perfect and authentic. Also did some research on how to tell which would be fake and which would be original. Well, this fits all the description on the original and none on the fake one. So... sorry I have to disagree with you guys.", "Everything is 100%  authentic like it said it will be. I don't know why people are getting fake shoes? I did me research online and compare the difference between authentic and replicas. I like my gamma blues. I'm happy for what I pay for!", "they were exactly what they were supposed to be. mines didnt look fake everything looked good and right. i was so excited.", "Seen pics of these and just had to have them. The colors are just slick to me and I just dig them! The quality was just great and they are for sure a head turner. The jordan 11s unit makes the shoe extremely comfortable. Also one of the most stylish shoes out there! If you are looking for mens size try coolshoeshines.com. I got mine there for a good price, but if you are looking for the kid size, stick to amazon. These are going for a great price and I am sure they will be valuable in the near future! Which should be a great investment. Overall, Great shoes, 5 stars +.", "guys if you are into kicks youd clearly see the jump man is facing the wrong way lol just wait to cop them at foot locker these are loudly fake!!!!!p.si already have mines but i work at a sneaker store good luck", "Great shoe....over priced but next to impossible to get a pair at a regular price these days. Product looks and feels great.", "The shoes were a gift to my little cousin. They arrived on time and in great condition. He loved the sneakers and I was satisfied with the way the transaction went through.", "i got these yesterday forgot to write a review lol and but anyways they seem legit so im satisfied with my shoes so i rated it a 4", "The shoes were in the box brand new as promised.They arrived very fast. We took them to our local footlocker to see if they were authentic and they verified that they are in fact the real deal. So my son was very happy and so was I. I paid a nice price for them, But seeing the joy on my son's face when he saw that I did in fact get them without fighting in the lines for them made it all worth the money. IT WAS WELL WORTH IT...", "Beautiful shoe, not much more to say. Flawless as expected and couldn't have asked for it quicker. Now I need those gamma blues lol", "I bought the Nike Air Jordan Men's 100% Authentic DS NIB 11/XI Retro &#34;Space Jam&#34; 2009 for my son.  he loves them.  They are authentic and exactly what we expected.", "The Gama's I got were absolutely authentic!! I got what I paid for and I will definitely be doing more business with you!However, for persons interested in purchasing this shoe that do not like to wear tennis shoes to their \"fit\" but rather like a little room, I do suggest purchasing a half (1/2) size bigger.", "I got my shows in good condition and I was pleased that I got the item I order. Also they're real Jordans. But the only disappointment was that the box had a hole in it. But it may have been caused by those who shipped. Other than that. I appreciate their ability to get what I order and get my order to me in a reasonable time.", "Very pleased with my 11's. These kicks are so iconic that when you wear them you already know people are looking!!!", "The shoes are awesome!!! Everything about them is great. The packaging, the smell, an overall great experience with a shoe I love! However, the shipping left something to be desired. The Friday the shoes were supposed to be delivered, they sat on a FedEX truck over the weekend until Monday morning. they did make me the \"first delivery that day dropping them off @ around 7:06am. That kinda made up for waiting all day Friday.", "Today we learned that the pair of Air Jordan 11s that we bought last year were not authentic. A well-regarded expert on collectible sneakers had a very close look at them as well as the box that they came in and determined that they are not real. I bought these on behalf of my son with his money. I tried to caution him from buying from an unknown seller, but he wanted them so bad that he didn't want to believe that anyone would do that.", "My big brother CJ bought a pair of Nike Air Jordan 11 Retro CONCORDS and as soon as he put them on his feet started to smell like roses. His acne was gone in three minutes, his missing front tooth grew back and by night he was two feet taller. The only problem is that if he takes them off he now turns into a YT boy.", "This company attempted to sell me counterfeit Air Jordan 11 Concords.  Here are some of the issues with these shoes.1).  The box says Air Jordan 11 White,Black, and Purple... Not Concord as the original2) The inner lining of the box was not plastic as the real Concords are3)  The carbon fiber was checkered not Black4).  The Jordan emblem was not in the 3rd Loop of the tongue5).  The back of the shoe did not come to a point and the middle stitch did not line up6).  The laces were not completely perforated7)  The jordan hologram on the bottom was missing his head8)  The inside stitching was wrong9).  There was no gap between the 2and 3 on the heel.This company should not be allowed to sell on amazon again.  I am glad I had an authentic pair of concords to compare these counterfeit shoes against.  Beware of these Scam artists", "I love Jordan's and these were an awesome addition to my collection.", "Sneakers look great. But something very suspect with box.  The label is totally wrong.", "This was a gift and it was the best gift ever! It's the real thing and it came in the beautiful box and really well packaged! Love it!", "When i received the sneakers. They are as perfect as ever but as i started to examine them, i noticed that in the toe, there was a color mix  between the outsole of the sneaker and the toe cap (there was some black on the white). I assumed that they were fake but I studied and saw that the sneakers are indeed real but the pairs being sold here are made at Nike Factories but made without Nike's consent. So they are basically 1/2 real in a sense. So if youre looking for the real thing. You won't find it here.", "can someone tell me if these are real or fake? does anyone know please help. I just bought these and don't know they are authentic or not?", "They're actually a lil snug but it took damn near 3 weeks to get here so I'll just deal wth it. That's my only complaint", "My favorite is the Jordan 11's and I can't believe the price!  Thanks for the warning that there are many fakes.  I always wanted the white with black patent leather.  Unfortunately and fortunately, at least I have a retro solid grey Jordan 11 in my size (10).  I wore it and didn't think much of it because it wasn't the white and black ones.  Due to the cost, I don't need the black and white 11's.  My grey shoes has a little bit of white at the bottom, below the patent leather.  The grey is nice after all, and I will now cherish them even more!", "I usually don't get into the Jordan ordeal, but my husband wanted these to complete his 15 year collection. I ordered Fri. morning, and email requested a rush for Christmas. Seller responded to my email &#60; 1 hr. All concerns addressed. Seller rushed: order came next day Saturday, no lie. I Informed Seller that my husband knows real from phony. The shoes checked out 100%. Great customer service, response time, & 100% authentic. Gave my husband shoes early for holiday party w/i 24 hrs of ordering them: now THAT'S great customer service! 10 stars!", "MJ nor Nike are selling these this high. This is Scalpers ...more than likely Shoe store employees or friends of them. These pages are being investigated.", "came in original box, brand new, and very comfortable. sneaker doesn't look like an imitation. and that is something that you need to be aware of now a days", "I recently purchased a pair of Jordan 11 gamma blue from JM sneakers. Expecting to get the item listed as 100% authentic but instead got a b grade pair. The carbon fiber in the sole looks like a painted on checkered chess board that was not actual carbon fiber. The 23 stitching on the back is rough and uneven, the inserts were mangled and not properly fitted for the size of shoe, no original box or tags were included, among other flaws. I am extremely disappointed for the price I paid ($400) for shoes that where a replicated version of what I was led to believe was the real deal. I feel taken advantage of by this order. It is very unprofessional to state something is authentic and deceive your customers by selling them triple priced fakes.", "i am having great day after wearing this shoes. very satisfied and good. i would like to have another purchase.", "The shoes are great, exactly as ordered but the postal charges from the US to Australia are much more expensive than from Europe.", "Just started getting back into running, and the Nike Free's were perfect. I go on 10-milers every Saturday and have yet to feel shin splints and the like. These are perfect if you are starting to run again.", "It is original design shoe style but I just really like the Nike Free shoe style.  I wish Nike would bring it back.", "My oldest grandson loved them. That is saying alot, cause he is a fashion guro!!! lol Thank you very much...", "I love this shoe.  I bought 4 pair before they got scarce, now I scour auction sites to pick up whatever I can find.  In this design the tongue and upper foot all one piece.  I like it because their is no tongue to mess with.  In hot climates it breathes really well, and it's really light.  If you made me say one bad thing about this shoe the only thing I could come up with is the slots in the soles sometimes pick up gravel that you have to pick out.  I've had Nike shows that I have had to buy +1 size to fit; these fit as marked.  If you are a size 11.5, and you wear these without socks, you are not going to have a lot of room at your toes.  Buy a half size bigger if you are going to climb up and down trails.", "Probably the best gym shoe I've had in a while. Amazingly comfortable. If you've never worn 'barefoot' shoes before, work your way in to them- trust me, it's worth it.", "Very good, estos shoes son excelentes para jugar el softball, buena calidad de materiales y comodos para este gran deporte, llegaron en excelente estado", "I can't believe I found these.  Everyone knows how hit or miss sneakers can be.  Do not be fooled, these are far more then baseball shoes.  There isn't anything these sneakers can't do.  Cross training, running, lifting, playing any sport or relaxing I've never found a more versatile sneaker. I just hope Nike continues to make them.  There are more reviews on the Nike page if you're interested.", "I use these on turf (indoors in the winter for practices), in pre-game warm-ups (our batting cages are turf), and when doing on field drills (hitting balls to our infield/outfield), and these shoes have NEVER let me down. Comfortable with good traction. However, one suggestion. I should have gotten a 1/2 size larger because I wear white socks under my team/colored socks, so mine are a bit tight in the toe. Come to think of it, I think I would have ordered a 1/2 size larger anyways. You can always put a pair of insoles in them if they are a little too big.", "A bit narrower in the toe than expected and a bit less support, but still comfortable and as sleek looking as I anticipated!!", "Looked to replace a nike style from last year, these fit exactly what I was looking for. Super lightweight, good grip and allows my feet to breathe. Only complaint is the all black I got isn't as dark as I'd like, the black almost looks a little sunfaded. I'll get over it.", "Comfy, good-looking, fit nicely... recommended! They are just what I was looking for. Not bulky and very easy to wear.", "Definitely the most uncomfortable nike shoes I have ever owned.  I ended up donating these shoes to goodwill after using them for about a month. They really started hurting my feet. I gave them one star because they are actually cute.", "The shoes were easy to order and were exactly what she wanted.  She needed them for her job and was delighted with them", "Light weight,comfortable, well fitting. The technology of light weight shoe does make a difference while running or exercising.My wife got It  for her. I am thinking of getting a pair for myself.", "These shoes are simply marvelous tell my teenagers who have had them for games and sports.Suit very well too as hiking.", "After starting the Insanity workout program my feet hurt a bit.  I was wearing running shoes so researched cross trainers and found these.  I was not disappointed!  This is a great shoe for all the jumping and side-to-side movements.  No more foot pain and enjoying my workouts!", "This is my third time getting the free run tr and I love them! Love how flexible and light they are makes my run super smooth", "love the shoes I use them everyday at the gym and they never hurt me anywhere and the color is just amazing", "Love this sneaker !!! Best buy . True to size and light weight, better priced then bloomingdales !!! Get many compliments on them :)", "As expected", "Super light and the sock like ankle is great!", "I think these Nikes are great and good value.  They are bought as a gift so I am anxious to see her glee when I get them home!", "Not for those with wide feet or high instep. It took awhile to break them in, but I love them!", "These shoes are so awesome. Very light and flexible. Extra padding all over and very breathable. Best shoes I've ever owned.", "Minimalist shoe.  Im using for working out.  I would need something with a bit more support for walking around a lot, but LOVE them for lateral movements.", "Great fit! I bought them in all black to wear to my new job and my feet feel great even on long shifts!", "Because they are exactly what I thought they would be! They are great shoes. Go buy a pair today! Go", "I truly like the shoes, however, next time I'd order a half size up.  They're not really true to size.  I wear a 5 1/2 in every shoe and they are a bit tight on my right foot.", "I bought these shoes as I am starting to work out again and have insantiy as a goal. I did not want a heavy shoe but neeeded support as I am having trouble with my knees. An old pair of cross trainers I had did not offer me that and I thought my knees would give out. I love these shoes! I had been watching them and when I was given an amazon gift card, they came on sale and I was willing to pay - they are the best purchase I have made for myself in a long time. I don't really care for the color - I would rather have had the black/pink pair but I wasn't willing to pay more just for the color. At least these shoes aren't the orange ones as I care for those even less. I highly recommend these shoes but do order the 1/2 size bigger then you normally war.", "I love these shoes..I was on the lookout for lightweight shoes for my GRIT and Crossfit training and came across these. They arrived on time and I tested them today. They fit perfectly, love the color and the training was great with them. My feet felt light, the grip was amazing on the floor and the support was firm/ great. I would definitely recommend these if you are looking for shoes for high intensive interval training.", "I have been wearing Nike Frees for quite some time, but this was my first time to purchase this model. The toe box is much narrower in this model compared to the others- I have narrow feet, and it's even somewhat uncomfortable for me. The tongue is also disproportionately long. I liked the 3.0 much better.", "I'm big into lifting weights/sprinting/cross training. I wouldn't use these for long distance running, but for gym style workouts they're awesome.", "I've gone through a lot of shoes looking for something that's good for zumba, piloxing, boot camp and various other exercises.  I think I've finally found the winner.  These shoes provide support but are light enough as to not get in the way during dancing or jumping moves.  Plus they are really cute.  I wear an 8 in dress shoes, sometimes an 8.5, but I always buy a 9 in athletic shoes so that I have enough room.  I got a 9 in these and they feel great.", "I bought this shoes for my wife and she is fallen in love with this shoes. It's very comfortable and looks so cool.", "I usually wear 9M, but this one 9B was supposed to be the perfect size. But it's really small and with socks, they're really tight. if someone is buying those, take a wider size han the one you wear regularly.", "Good, the size is perfect. Looks large at the toes but they look good ! I am entirely satisfied .", "Nike Free 5.0 Tr Fit 4 is a good training shoe, nice colors. Cushioning is reasonable for training. Flexible which gives freedom to move", "The training shoes are light and flexible with vertical support.  Great for just walking or boot camp.  These are my 5th pair.  I love them.", "great shoes! i was actually replacing a pair already owned. super light, supportive, and comfy. would highly reccomend to anyone.", "Fit just right. Feels good", "fits 1/2size large. toe box roomy and rest of shoe narrow. this is all good for me if your toes get squished by some shoes- you will like it too.", "I love Nike frees. These shoes are amazing they are just as I expected them to be. A little snug when you put them on but as you break them in they form to your foot perfectly. Very comfortable.  And shipped right on time. I will be purchasing another pair soon", "But way too small. At least a 1/2 too small. It with regret that I am returning them. I am a 91/2 to 10 in street shoes but my toes were touching the end of the sneakers.", "Love these shoes, had to order in black for my job. I have seen all the other patterns and want them. Will order MORE!", "I've worn Nike Frees before - always in this size - but these felt a bit too big and a bit too stiff on my feet. I returned 'em. I would have ordered a half size smaller, but I didn't like them much. Colors are cool, though.", "Narrow fora medium width.Older versions of Nike Free fit better! Material is stiffer also and not as comfortable as other models.", "Feels like feathers on your feet. The color is very fashionable; I can wear them when working out or just bouncing around town.", "Based on multiple reviews, I went a 1/2 size up. They were just about a half size too big. Returned with free shipping and no hassle, so at least there is that.", "I initially ordered the black and white, but then i requested a switch to plain black and it is beautiful. The fit is snug and perfect, the shoe is very slender and fits cute. It has a lot of support and it fits so neat, i ordered my exact shoe size and it fits so great and still has room for movement. I recommend ordering your exact size. The shipping time was good, no delays, nothing. I love it. thanks.", "I really like how the shoes look, but the support is awful. After only two days of use I started to develop foot pain along the sides of my feet. My exercise routine didn't change, so the only thing that I can think of is its the lack of support in the shoe.", "I loved all the color options and that they're very light weight shoes, but they are definitely narrow.  I don't have super wide feet, but I'm far from considering my feet narrow, so width-wise, they're a tad snug.  If I wasn't so lazy, I'd probably return them and go with a different shoe, plus, I like the look of these, so I'll keep them.", "LOVE them!!!!! They fit perfect! Excellent for working out or just to wear in general. I could not be happier!", "Love this line.  I think I am a 10.5  but these work ok.  I really love to work out in them.  Size up to wear socks because they do get a bit sweaty.", "These sneakers are lightweight, comfortable and look great.I've already gotten lots of compliments from everyone including my husband.I'm usually hesitant to buy shoes online because of the size variation among brands, but I didn't have any issues with these. I normally wear a 7.5 and that's what I bought. It fit perfectly!I've already walked a lot in them and have nothing to complain about. They are not running shoes, and don't have as much support so I would look for other options if that is what you need. However, if you want comfortable shoes that you can wear on a daily basis to walk around the city or work out or whatever and that are discrete and not too bulky, then these would be a perfect choice!", "Love the color but not true to size and it's uncomfortable. I ordered another pair of this in different color which is half a size bigger - it fits me well when I first got it but after few months of using it, it started expanding so now it is too loose and uncomfortable.", "Great workout shoes", "I already said very sad. Love niki. They goofed this time. Worn two pairs. Had to give both to a lady who wears a 6-1/2. Not fair. Almost 200.00 and now I need to save for two more pairsI gave both pairs to a friend who wears 6 1/2 niki and they fit her perfect.  I wish niki could see fit to sendMe two more pair size 7 1/2. But I know I'm dreaming.", "I walk a lot. This shoe does not give me the cushion I need when I go for long walks on asphalt.", "I loved the style and design of these, but had to return them because they were just too tight/narrow.  My toes went numb as soon as I put them on.  I will be going to the store to try this style on in person...maybe try the Men's size (as they are usually wider).", "I have purchased Nike Free sneakers before and never had a problem.  These sneakers, however, are very tight and narrow.", "I've bought several pair of shoes over the last month because my job keeps me on my tors so to speak these were another good find I love the look and comfort of these.", "Shoe works great during the workouts and look great too! Love them! And they didn't take long to break in.", "very lightweight.  I have worn them indoors only at work and inside doing cardio/workout program.  I work 12 1/2 - 13 hrs on my feet and these are wonderful.", "I bought these in advance of needing them and since I have the former version expected the same -- they are not.  Hopefully, with time they will grow on me.", "the laser crimson color is WOW amazing. order in size heels you would wear to be comfortable. they fit as expected and look really good on the foot. new shoes are good motivators.", "I tried on the shoe and it was very tight, I ordered a size 9USA which is my normal size. My daughter that wears a size 8USA tired it on and it fit her perfectly.  So needless to say they have to go back! But really liked the shoe stlye.", "I love these shoes!! I bought them specifically for a heart rate interval training class that has a mix of treadmill, rowing, TRX bands, weights, etc. I needed a shoe that would transfer to all types of exercise and be comfortable and these are absolutely perfect! My feet and knees have never been happier!", "the most comfiest sport shoe i own. The quality and shipping was A+++ i live in NZ and got it in a week!", "Absolutely love these shoes! They are comfortable and ridiculously cute! The black on black was sold out EVERYWHERE so i was so happy to find them here and less expensive than anywhere else as well!", "I always order a half size bigger in Nike shoes, but its also consistent.  These are good, unstructured shoes that allow the feet to work like they're designed to work.  I use these for Jazzercise and they feel pretty good.", "These were OK but are very wide around the toes . I needed something a bit tighter. Really liked the style though", "compared to nikes other shoes I think these are pretty uncomfortable. The arch of my foot hurts when I run in these, and the tag is bothersome. I like the 4.0 free run shoes much much better!", "Like these shoes they are lightweight and fit well. I Can highly recommend them to others who prefer lighter shoes.", "I am a waitress and found these shoes comfy and with support for all day wear.my kids 're in retail and on their feet all day and don't wear anything else!!", "These shoes are exactly how I expected. Light weight, flexible, supportive and comfortable. They run a little tight but I have narrow feet so it isn't a problem. Color is vibrant and handsome. I wear them for all my gym activities. 4 stars for how tight they are and lack of arch support, but I have yet to fully break them in.", "I love these shoes. I've seen everyone and their Mama wearing them so I thought I'd give it a shot. Truth be told, I had previously purchased another pair of Nikes that weren't in the Free 5.0 line up because I didn't want to spend $100 on some shoes. My other Nikes were $50 and they were definitely not in the same caliber as these. The fit fits my somewhat wider feet very comfortably and the lightness and the way it allows you to move freely is just incredible. Definitely worth every penny! BTW...I wore these for the first time the day of a huge move and I walked over 8 miles (says my FitBit) and I didn't feel one sore from breaking it in this way.", "It is very comfortable n beautiful. Im really happy having it. I loved its mixed colors and shape. Do it ;)", "My son wanted these shoes for Christmas, so i told him to check Amazon, the shoes were $60.00 cheaper on Amazon than they were every where else. He has no complaints.", "My son wants to wear them with everything!!!! Very comfortable for him and I love NIKE. I ordered a 5-1/2 for him and they fit him great. I like that they clean very easily as well.", "I recieved the shoes in a timely manner and my son loves them. I will order anytime with this company they were alsome", "Bought these for my son who plays Division II soccer.  Not only were these cleats impressive LOOKING, there was nominal break-in time and no discomfort.  As a matter of fact, my son was wearing these when he scored the game winning goal in overtime, only 2 weeks after receiving them.", "I loved this sneakers. This is the second time I bought this model because they're great. About the seller: everything was perfect, thank you! :)", "Bought these for my daughter, who really liked them. She liked the pink trim- kinda \"girly-girl\"- not her but she was still happy. I liked them because they didn't cost $150.", "Weather problems evidently ruined the shoes before they ever got here!  The company emailed me right away to let me know what happened and credited my account.  They were very prompt and very courteous.  Much appreciated.  Disappointing to lose the shoes but c'est la vie!  Mother Nature had other ideas!", "This product was excellent.  The workmanship great, the sneaks are soft and flexible and overall very comfortable.  My son loves them.", "MENS NIKE JORDAN SPIZIKE BASKETBALL SHOE (315371 165) (13 M, WHITE / FIRE RED-BLACK) BEST SHOE EVER MADE BY JORDAN.", "not the shoe I ordered. I ordered the high top shoes and got the low top ones in the mail. Although I do love the low top, I wasn't expecting it but other than that great product.", "i love these blazers, and when they were released here in seattle they were only found in small boutiques and other private shops and not big chains. these were exactly as advertised if not better. will be ordering again when the ones i ordered are retired.", "Great comfortable sandals. A little bigger fit than I expected though.", "this is my second pair, the 1st pair i bought I have used everyday for exercise, everyday wear and more. they have lasted for over a year. I love the cushion that they give for my feet and knees, I have never had a better pair to tennis shoes. that is why I bought this second pair, love them!", "Not quite as good as the original Vomero, but a lot better than the current Vomero. ..Each year they make shoes a little cheaper and less supportive", "amazing comfort, great ankle support, and a very nice look. extra padding right where you need it and straps to help the tongue stays in place. fits as expected. Highly recommended", "I Couldn't find these  shoes anywhere for my collection very rare I love these shoes fantastic pair of nike will never forget these on Kevin garnett feet", "Aexcellent shoes, you feel you can \"flight\" with that shoes!!! i'm a profesional basketball player and I recomend it!! Beautifull colors and materials, excellent desingn and quality!!", "This product came exactly as shown on Amazon, the delivery time was second to none (delivered before the expected delivery date, even though I chose the regular delivery option).About the product itself, it a very good looking, high quality product with class. I highly recommend it for people with high taste that needs a touch of class in there dressing.", "I wanted to buy some shoes for work that would last awhile. I know i should have never bought these for the job i do but i know Nike shoes hold up very well and they do. They still almost look brand new. My only problem was that i wish i could have purchased them in a size 14. I'm a 13 1/2 and i owned these shoes for years and they are still very tight on my toes. How much i payed for them, im still going to wear them!", "I love this nike, I got a pair of this long time ago and I wish I could buy them again, they're cool, comfortable and fit as expected, I'd love to get a pair again, maybe two of them, there isn't my size however, my luck could change, who knows!", "just bought this sneakers last week from amazon and it was delivered on time and packaging was good. i love the flightposites! it elevates your status and no doubt its still one of the coolest looking sneaker out there.", "The width is very tight. Order a size high........otherwise their ok. They have a nice &#34;spring&#34; to them. But they're not very comfortable even after returning my first pair to get a bigger pair.", "hi dear i have a question.I LOVE this shoes.but i couldn't buy it cause size is too large. I wanna buy size 8 or 8.5 how could i buy it?", "That is a nice pair of sneakers which i wish it from a long time ago, the only problem is since there is a ziper that limits the internal size of those it is squeezing the top of my foots, but i loved those anyway.", "why stop making a classic sneaker. new sneakers are looked upon with trepidation. only when used a trust is built. fads are ruining faith in quility.", "this sneaker is quite a neck turner, comfortable, beautiful and a perfect basketball shoe. you can use it for fashion too, i have had so many people ask me about this shoe...love it", "I was afraid that these wouldn't be the real thing, but after doing some research I found out that they were and now I don't feel like a poser. They were a bit expensive but at least they are real.", "I bought these on amazon a long time ago, and they've lasted a long time. When they were new i was getting compliments all the time, and it felt pretty good, plus, they're pretty damn comfortable too. I accidentally got one of them caught in a rollercoaster so it tore up the top of the toe... which made me very sad because i love these shoes. as far as wear and tear, they've held up pretty good. i can still see the shine in the leather and i dont even clean these one bit. :) which means if you take good care of your shoes they're going to be in awesome shape, because i dont and mine are still in good shape", "Very good leather quality, although its synthetic it is pretty comfortable. The colors are exactly like the photo, so thats a good point, other shoes look completely diferente when you got em in your hands...", "I like these shoes. very nice, simple colored shoe. Only had one problem and i've only had this problem from a few other shoes, but it rubbed the back of by ankles bad. i had to wear band aids to wear them. Bought some mole skin at wal-mart and put that in the back of the area where it rubs, it helped. would be a 5 star, but since it rubbed me bad i had to deduct a star. If you buy them and it rubs just go buy dr. scholls mole skin.", "I purchased these shoes at the local mall.  They are true to size and after a week or so of wearing they are very comfortable.  I have higher than normal arches and have a difficult time finding shoes that I can stand in all day comfortably.  I bought these shoes more for looks than anything and was pleasantly surprised at how comfortable they were after the initial break in.  I plan to order more through Amazon now that I know what size I wear in this style.", "My son is hard to fit, but Nike it pretty reliable for him.  These go up higher on the ankle than his last pair. His calves are too thick for the velcro strap to close nicely, but it does close. He really likes them because the orange color is the texture of a real basketball.  They need some breaking-in, something I heard sneakers should not need, but we are pleased with the purchase. If you are looking for the *perfect* sneakers to fit a kid with Fred Flintstone feet, you *might* want to keep looking.", "Great addition to add to any show lovers collection! Brought this item last year looking again for the same style.", "Fast service almost saved 50 bucks my friend paid 140 for the same shoes...came really fast box and shoes came in perfect cond. i will order from shoezoo again", "These shoes are made for walking !They are the coolest Nike's I have ever had.", "my son loves these so so so much they were confortable and kept his feet dry but if they play and its muddy you have to clean out the space between the bottom of the shoe but it only takes a second", "I'm a girl and wear 8s in men, they're so stylish and cute for someone like that me that wears a lot of black! Arrived nicely packaged.", "Great product! Bought a black one before and was impressed so decided to buy the black/red for my big bro in his birthday and he was over the moon. They are great value for money, can be confused with the raptors a bit, 100% authentic since I'm a jordan fan since an early age. Thank you!P.S I advise u get a 0.5 larger and I did this timeP.S for the Supplier: I ordered size 11 and got size 11.5 I won't return though bt be careful :)", "I looked at these shoes for my 10 year old son and thought for sure there was a typo on the price, unless they come with $1,000 inside!! I'm wondering....", "I was looking for the eclipse, but bought the cortez by accident, the soul felt like a knockoff brand and the shoe felt like cardboard.", "Quick Shipping. Nice shoes, although I wasn't prepared for the material. Also the shows are kind of hard to get in and out of. I also don't like the way they look on my feet when looking straight down (they flatten out) but over all they're quite comfortable and look nice. While they're decent shores I probably won't but nike sweet highs again.", "I bought the shoes hoping they would fit good and they fit great and they look good,they are my favorite shoes and I wear them all the time, and I would buy another pair again", "i bought this shoe for my son.  he thinks it's a beautiful shoe.  he says that they hurt after about an hour of wear so he doesn't wear them when he's going to be on his feet long.  this shoe is definitly just for show.", "This is a great x mas gift. My son loves nike and the color green i couldn go wrong with this one", "In person, they are way better.  The picture really doesn't do them much justice.  I ordered these for a family member.  She loves them.", "Husband really likes them, no complaints. He just golfs for fun and isn't a &#34;serious golfer&#34; but says they work great and are comfortable.", "Although my golf game continues to struggle these shoes sure make me look like I know what I am doing. The nimble fingers of the Chinese provide for the perfect shoe.", "I loved the style of the shoe, but wasn't able to find it in stores. But, I realized once I received it that they run about a half size too small. Otherwise a great quality product.", "I purchased these for my grandson but they did not fit him properly so i returned them to the vendor.", "They are comfortable and grip well.  If you are expecting spikes of old, well this is not it.  But they are the best gripping soft spike I have ever owned.The are also really comfortable.", "product came in exactly as described and sooner than i expected.i bought them for my son and he loves them", "Bought this for my husband who plays A LOT of golf and participates in MANY tournaments and he was very happy and tells me all the time how much he loves it. This is a great shoe at an even better price!", "I rate these cleats 4 out of 5 stars. Love the comfort but the picture looks MUCH better than the cleats actually do in person. They are VERY waterproof and have held up quite well for the 6 or 7 rounds I have played so far. I changed the shoe laces in them and they look much better with black or silver. Overall the price was about right at the $50 price point and I am satisfied with my purchase.", "Bought the as a gift for my Dad and gave them to him on a recent golf trip.  He played 36 holes with them right out of the box and said they were a great shoe offering lots of support and stability.  He gave them 2 thumbs up.", "the shoe fits wellit looks goodit feels goodand for a golf shoe below $60... its a good buy", "Not only did these stylish, comfortable shoes receive compliments, but they arrived days before I expected. Now, I  just need my game to look as good as the shoes! Great seller!", "Found out after I purchased this pair of Nikes, that Nikes in general tend to run a bit small.  Would have been better off buying a half size larger.  Not pleased with purchase.", "shoes were in perfect condition. love them! where them all the time and everyone compliments me on them. so glad i bought them!", "I work out in the gym and go jogging from time to time and need a sturdy sport sneaker.  This sneaker is it.  This is my 3rd pair over the years and I am never disappointed.  The cushioning is just right on the bottom and the sides which makes it shock absorbant.  Very comfortable to work out in or casual walking.  I wear a size 11 but in Nike footwear, I wear a 11.5 so get a half size bigger.", "At first  - I was skeptical about buying a running shoe, because I see so many trainers on the market that looks good, but make your feet look like you are a nursinghome patient.  Those other trainers on the shelves make your feet look sort of &#34;orthopedic&#34;.  I am 56 years old and I need a orthopedic fit, but I also have an ego and I wanted a trainer that looks like I am a professional runner.  This is where this trainer comes to play.  It has a orthopedic fit, but the appearance strokes my ego.  I do a lot of running in the park and I also ran for Pancreatic Cancer Drive.  My trainers survived and it is breathable for my sweaty feet.  I wholeheartedly recommend these runners/trainers.  It is  both for the timid runner as well as a professional athlete.", "came with certificate of authinticy.great quality shoes.my step daughters first pair of nikes (thanks to me) and she says all her friends are jealouse. so this is very good experience.thanks amazon.", "My 12 year old son loved these shoes. Fit great. He really liked the 4 colors of shoe laces that came with it (brilliant idea) and has changed colors twice already. Now if he can keep them clean for more than a minute! Very pleased with this purchase.", "My son picked them out and purchased them with his own money, so they are extra special to him. More importantly these shoes are very comfortable, and you can wear them all day long.", "I own a pair of the Nike Air Total Max Uptempo in black.  They are very comfortable.  As such, I wanted an identical pair in white.  While I will not be using either pair for basketball, I will be using both pair for casual wear with jeans. They look great for a casual night on the town. They are also great to take on vacation.  I expect my new pair, pending shipment to have the same exact fit and finish (except for color) when I receive them.Nike Men's NIKE TOTAL MAX UPTEMPO LE BASKETBALL SHOES", "Bought these sneaker's for my son (age 15), He states not only are they comfortable but they look nice, which he wasn't expecting. They are durable and worth the amount of money spent. I would certainly purchase this product again.", "My husband likes the shoes. They are very comfortable. The only thing is that on the back on them it's attached a very shiny circle as a part of a design. It doesn't go with the overall design of the shoes.", "I like these shoes its was a good product as ever the color of them they last for such a long time", "A good solid show, just wished it wasn't so stiff at times to be considered a real running show. May be best for the gym where you do some brisk walking for warm up then standing presses and leg pushes. Then the stability in the show comes in useful.", "THEY CAN ALSO BE USED FOR A REGULAR SNEAKER .  VERY LIGHT AND COMFORTABLE TO TAKE ON VACATIONSI WOULD RECOMMEND THEM", "PERFECT FIT.  GREAT FOR SUMMER HEAT.  NOT AS STURDY AS REGULAR GOLF SHOES, BUT I WOULD DEFINETLY RECOMMEND THESE AND WOULD BUY ANOTHER PAIR AS NEEDED.", "Pretty, comfortable, not overpriced - everybody including me loved these shoes.  Went very well with my Boss Green dress. :)", "The Nike shoes came quickly and in good shape.  The advertized shoes looked and were constructed as advertized.  I might order another pair as they are comfortable and light-weight.  I first learned of themthrough my sister-in-law who loves them as well.", "its good sporty and the person who i give it to she love it so much that she asked me for one more.", "These are great summer golf shoes. They are light weight and very comfortable. I have them in both black and white.", "First of all - I don't know why people don't make golf shoes like this more... This changes the whole game!!  You don't get sweaty feet and toes that stuck together which makes you so uncomfortable...  Plus it is extremely light (feather weight) and it doesn't feel like you are wearing any shoes... All my friends got a pair after they saw mine.. Plus, you can't beat the price either!  One downside of this shoes is that - it doesn't handle the morning dew and sands... Your feet are going to get completely soaked in water if you have these on in the morning golf (which I rarely do.. I am more of an afternoon golfer).. And, the sands gets into the shoes.. It's easy to take them off, shake the sand out, and put them back on... But, all the sands find their way out during your golf game if don't wanna take your shoes off during the game.. That extra work actually improved my game b/c I was too lazy to take my shoes off and I somehow could focused on avoiding the sand!  :)  Highly recommend..", "I was a little skeptical when I bought these shoes thinking that the mesh would not hold up when walking the golf course.  Well,  I was pleasantly surprised just how sturdy and well made they are and extremely comfortable.  After a round of nine holes I felt no pain or discomfort at all. I wear a size 9 1/2 and they are true to size and still very comfortable with a sock but not necessary. The only negative thing I should mention is that your feet will get a little wet in the morning if you are walking on wet grass.  But they are a summer shoe, so a little dampest can be kind of refreshing on a hot summer day.  It didn't bother me at all.  In fact, they seem to dry out very quickly.  I think because of the mesh fabric.Totally satisfied!", "The summer is hot hot hot and the last thing I want is my feet sweating when I play golf. The shoes feel good on and are very light to walk in. Good buy.", "Great shoe keeps my feet cool and yet it still has great support for walking 9 holes.I wouldn't wear when it's wet outside, but it was great during the hot summer days instead of trying a sandal golf shoe.", "I bought a pair for my wife. She loves them. They are light and very nice. Only main issue they get dirty real fast.", "These are my sixth pair of golf shoes. These are the best. Airy, springy, totally comfortable. They fit as expected because they give. I have a new tan on the top of my feet, if you don't want that, put on a bit extra sunscreen.", "Light weight perfect for hawaii. no tongue on shoe, but I knew that from the reviews. I would recommend for warm climates.", "I have already worn these to golf.  This solved the problem with my feet getting hot.  Now, I have to buy new socks.  Why?  Because these are extremely white and clean.", "The shoes fit perfectly and have plenty of room in the toe box.  I have tried on other golf shoes and they are always pointed and too small in the toe box.  These are very comfortable.", "these golf shoes are nice ...wind goes right through them so they are definitely a summer shoe.  I like everything nike though.", "Love them. Fit perfect.", "Ok, I am going to admit I am a little obsessive about this golf shoe.  I own five pairs of them (keep two pairs at a beach house and have three different colors) and I am bummed they have changed the style this year.  They are a cross between a sandal and a tennis shoe.  The criss cross lace on the top is open and the weave of the fabric is open so they feel light, airy and comfortable.  Great stylish, summer golf shoe. I have received soooo many compliments and now most of my golfing buddies have gone out and purchased. The only complaints I have are that they are not super supportive (I just use an insert to add arch support) and I have the oddest (but cute) tan lines from the open weave laces.", "Great golf shoe, especially for a beginner golfer.  Cool and comfortable fit.  I would recommend to friends and others to buy.", "Very nice looking shoe. Comfortable feel and fit when tried on.  Have not worn yet. More Spring & summer style..", "Feels like it's made out of paper mache instead of fabric.  Very disappointed with the quality.  Not up to Nike's usual standard.", "I'm not a golfer but I thought these were the coolest pair of shoes that I've ever seen I tried them on and they are so comfortable and airy.....", "Daughter has a wide foot and this pinches... the shoes are great in quality and description, Just didn't fit her foot very well.", "Love these shoes now have them in 3 colors . Great for the summer. Nice and light weight. Hard to find navy golf shoes, so really happy.", "Light weight great summer shoe", "wow nice shoes !Great and confortable , nice feeling when you walk , it really desirve the price , high quality !  love walking in them! Nike is the best!!!!!!", "My mother in law like them, she says this pair of shoes are very soft and have a great desing:)", "Love these golf shoes. They come in different colors and machine washable.Very light and plenty of compliments about the color and the cute style.", "Good everyday shoes. I wore my last pair sightseeing and with black pants. . But for an hour and a half of mall walking, I had to buy &#34;Nike Air&#34; instead.  I felt the balls of my feet aching if I did a Zumba Class or a long walk in Nike Free. I think the Nike Air will serve one better for long walks. I still love Nike. They are a great fit for me and I wear them until the tread is smoothed out.", "Would have been helpful if the review said that shoes run smaller.", "I really like the look of this shoe. I been wanting some all black tennis shoes. Not as comfortable/flexible as my other pair of free runs but still good.", "The shoe itself was great but I ordered the wrong size, totally my bad!", "Love these!  Light weight, but yet very supportive.  They do run a bit small. I would suggest ordering a half-size up.", "Bought these for my 4 year old, he wore them until they did not fit any more. These are good quality, still in ok condition for my younger son to wear.", "Great shoes. They look, feel and fit great. The price of the shoes is extremely reasonable and i received them on time. Extremely content with this stores services and product.", "Swearing these low top runs!! My beautiful wife ordered them for me and im totally stoked!! Every simple man should own a pair of these but different ones !! Sweet walks!!", "I really really enjoyed these shoes they lasted about 4 years from pretty heavy use they became my around the house shouse after 1st year but they still stayed clean and served there purpose way after there retirement.", "I bought these recently and really like them. They are incredibly comfortable and very light as well. They are pricey but definitely worth it.", "They are gorgeous... i just didn't give them five stars because i wasn't expected the type of the material, is not leather, even tho is to thin and soft... otherwise i really like them", "Have had two pair of these sandals.  they are wonderful and hold up to a lot.  Use them even as regular evey day shoes in warm weather.  Grandbaby has a high arch and the velcro really helps the fit and ease of getting on.", "This shoe was beyond my expectations, it is soft and the color bright and beautiful. I got this for a two year old, she loves it, she can walk with it better than her sneakers. It bends easily while she is walking . Also very light weight .", "I love the design of these shoes! The only bad part about it that they are a little hard. Especially at summer when temperature is high and your feet a bit bigger then usually. Other then that no compalins! Easy to clean too.", "They are so cute. I am going to purchase another pair. The first pair I gave to my best friend for Christmas.", "Love itFriends onlyGrave me a Lot ofCompliment's onThisProductWill Love it in yourHouse to wear", "This shoe, even by today's standard, is still a head above the rest in its design. Very cool looking shoe where for balling or just plain casual wear.", "They are eye catching but not overly flashy.  They are even more comfortable than you would expect for the money.  I walk different in them because it's like walking on goodness.If you can't find an all white shoe you like...these are just as good, the colors on the top of the shoe are pretty subtle.I have no input on their performance for running.  I have not been chased in them, so I haven't ran in them yet.  But, I feel as though if danger were imminent, or someone challenged me physically, I would watch them get smaller as I ran away in the Perfect Shoe.", "These tennis look really nice but after being in them for more than 8 hours, my feet began to hurt.", "Love this sneaker. Dont know why they dont make new colors more often. This is the only sneaker I buy!", "I'm happy!! I got just what i expected. Nice color, right size, beautiful design. It was a cool experience shopping on line.", "Perfect", "Really like these shoes.", "I love it! Very light, cute, and the color is great!  At gym, park, or just use it for a relaxed look!", "Not as good on trail as extpected. Not waterproof", "I never thought I'd ever say this about any Nike product, but these sneakers I couldn't play in, let alone wear. Looks better than they felt.", "I can't say enough about these shoes. They are so comfortable, and nice looking shoe also. I get compliments too. These a good product.", "This is the first time I've bought shoes specifically to learn and play tennis. Excellent first impression when it comes to the looks and style but as I tried them my feet felt stiff (and run a little tight) also not the cushioning I expected from a Nike Air. It was more like a street shoe. I hope as I wear them, they'll soften a bit.", "Great shoes! I ordered them for running, but when they arrived, thought they looked a bit more like tennis shoes. Wore them on my regular jog anyway and have been pleasantly surprised!  Very comfortable, good cushioning. True, a serious runner would probably want specifically designed running shoes, I am a slow jogger who does not do long distances. I like the leather surface that can be cleaned easily. Great shoes, great service from company. Thanks!", "Perfect all around sandal. Great for the beach but stylish enough to wear anywhere. Reasonable price. Will buy again when needed", "Product arrived before expected.  Excellent slides.  Would order from this website again. Package arrived intact. Price was the best we found out of all the others.", "These slides are what you are looking for... They fit well, dont make you sweat, comfortable and ultra light! Thy make you feel barefoot, but with stability", "These are the most comfortable slides I ever wore-would highly recommend for anyone, they formed well on my feet and traction was great", "The item received is what I've been searching for.  Only thing tho, this product has changed a little from the previous pair and I like the old pair better.", "Comfortable, molded bottom, good traction, not too expensive, these fill the bill. I have 2 pair so I can take one to my health club, and the other for home shower or the patio.", "I have owned a pair of these nike Bati slide II for years I just wore them out. One of the side connectors broke the soles were wore off on both slides. If you can find these buy them buy more then one pair you can not go wrong with these slides. I just love them and have found another pair and am looking for an extra pair my original nikes lasted almost ten years.", "This shoe is right on trend. It is very stiff so it needs to be broken in a bit. but every time i wear them i get tons of compliments! Unfortunately it has  been very hot for me to wear them in the summer where i live but i cant wait to wear them in the fall. Also, be sure to put some type of protectant on them as they get dirty very quickly.", "I bought these sneakers for my niece who's just starting high school. She loves the fit, and I could live with the price. They're well-made, easily cleaned, and the bright yellow color is very edgy. Not for the faint of heart, these sneakers really make a fashion statement. The best part is, she won't be wearing the same sneakers as everyone else. If I were 30 years younger, I'd get a pair for myself.", "These shoes run true to size. are comfortable and VERY purple.I would have liked them a few shades lighter.", "Wanted a new set of shoes and loved the ones I had, so ordered another pair.  Run the same size as the original so would order the correct size you are", "These shoes are light, durable and provide good traction for a beginning runner. We purchased these shoes for our10 year old son for summer speed camp and he loved wearing them instead of cross- trainers for running sprints. I would recommend these to anyone looking for a good track shoe.", "This shoe was great it didn't last me more than 3 months though it was great And i really liked it", "My son had his mind set on this shoe and I checked four stores locally and wasn't able to find the size he needed so I ordered them from Amazon. My son loves to run and he LOVES these shoes. Very pleased.", "This shoe fit great, the colors was vibrant and overall a good shoe.  However, the insole had a bubble in it that couldn't be permanently smoothed out and caused irritation.  We returned for a refund.  Happy with company and would purchase again.", "My boys love this shoe.  Kids at school think they are cool because they wear this particualr style of Nike.  They are shoes that don't wear out in the first month which saves me money in the long run.", "These look great, but they run very small - we would need to order possibly two sizes smaller than usual.", "It is a very comfortable shoe and provides me with the speed and agility that I need to play sports outside. However, they do run a little big which is unusual for Nike.", "He needs a wide shoe usually but these Nike shoes seem to give enough in the right places that he can wear them comfortably.  We buy one pair and wear them til they are worn out which is certainly an appropriately long enough time given they are worn by a very,very active 10 yr old boy.  He gets about 8 months or so before we have to replace.  They are his every day shoe so I feel justified in paying the price for them.", "My son likes the colour, cushioning, flexibility and the light weight. Hopefully, this pair will last for at least a year. A bit expensive for kids' running shoe though.", "I bought these in a youth 7 for my son- His other Nikes (Lunar series) were a 7.  He loved the neon yellow and blue colors and was excited when they arrived.  However, he could not get his foot in them.  It was not a too tight problem, it was a seriously too small issue.  I had to pay for return shipping ($12) since they were not fulfilled by amazon.  This pair is a fun colorful pair of shoes (5 stars) , but the sizing is very different (1 star) than the other 50+ pairs of Nikes we have owned.", "very god product, highly recommendedperfect to recommend to all my family and friendsas it is imaginedexcellentregards", "My kids loved the shoes.  Nike runs a little small ... so if your child has wide feet .... not the shoe for them.", "Shoe size is very true to size.  Cool looking shoe.  I like that the outer part of the shoe can't get too dirty.", "My son joined a running club at school and needed a good running shoe. He loves these!  My big problem is getting him to only wear them on running days - he wants to wear them everyday.", "Bought these for my son who is very athletic and he LOVES them. Lightweight and very comfy. They are pretty sturdy also....as this is the only shoes he wears lately", "Bought these for my son, and he loves them! Still going strong 3 months later.Just as an FYI, I was able to wash these without issue in hot water in my front-load washing machine, and they came out as good as new. The color is great, but can start looking dingy when they are used and abused, as boys are apt to do. It was nice to be able to get them shined right back up without any trouble.", "This running shoe is the shoe my 10 year old son was dreaming about so I ordered it without even knowing if I was ordering the correct size.  He absolutely love their vibrant yellow color, they fit perfectly and are very comfortable to run in he tells me!  Thanks, I may need to order a pair for  myself!!", "These were the apple os my daughters eye. Of course online everything looks good, but in person this color really pops. SHe has so many items this color with this new neon craze and these complements most of them. The fit is great and she expressed running in them feels great.", "I get compliments on these shoes wherever I go. They fit a little small at first but since I've been wearing them they feel a lot better. They're very comfortable and look great!", "Sized up half a size and they fit great.  Nice and bright, 7th grade boy loves them.  Price was about what I would pay anywhere else and they were delivered on time, without me having to fight mess at the mall/store.", "my girls love this shoes, at first you have get use to them but after you get use to them you will love them", "Doesn't fit too snuggly, but I'm a Nike person so that did not matter and it's a great product for the price.", "very nice sunglasses, fits perfectly, the uv protection is good and the color of the glasses are fine and match with the white", "I really wanted the black ones, but they shipped grey, but I'm too damn lazy to ship back, but they look good still..", "My son started training at ymca last year and at his growing stage of middle school time was gifted with theses shows. His excitment and later comfort and fitness of the shoes on the field is the best output. He has used the shoes for almost a year and still in good condition.", "I bought this for my son and he said the fit is great and he plays soccer well in them. Also the shoe is put together very well and looks like it will last for a long time. I will be a repeat customer.", "Bad news first: It fits a size too small, but I was still able to break the shoes in and make it a comfortable fit.Good news: These boots have ridiculous traction and allows me to accelerate at a rate that can't be matched by other boots in this price range.This boot is ideal for a winger/speedy striker who prefers touch over power, but does not want to compromise either.", "I got these Air Jordan's for my 15 year old son and they have been great. He loves the way they feel on his feet. They have a sock like material around the heal, so they do not rub or cause discomfort. I will definely purchase one's like it in the future.Satisfied Mom,Cedar Falls, IA", "i bought this one for my oldest son and he totally like it ! yeah its look great and so cool!", "Great shoes but more for style than actually playing ball in.  True to size and tight firm fit; but comfortable.", "I would give these 0 stars if that was an option. I purchased these for my daughter to wear on a beach vacation. After only a few hours of wearing these she complained that her feet hurt so much she could not make it the last block to our hotel. I offered to trade shoes with her and wore them myself for one block. One block. In that one block, the ridged thongs literally shredded the skin of the second toe on each foot. I arrived at the hotel limping from the wounds and have yet to fully recover. It has been four days and I cannot move my toes or walk without pain. What sadistic foot fetishist designed these flip flops? Purchase these at your own peril.", "The flip-flops are comfortable, but I've only had the product for about a month and the bottoms are starting to wear more than normal. For $20, I expected a little more durability and a higher quality product from Nike, but I wouldn't say I'm completely disappointed. Average product.", "Use to be a fan of another well known brand of athletic shoes but have become a firm believer in the Nike brand.  Intelligent engineering made with quality and excellent cushioning for a women's foot.  They know what they are doing.", "I actually look forward to putting these on to go run. They feel great on your feet, and since I have started using them my knee pain (which I have endured since high school) during running has almost disappeared. My fiance thinks I'm crazy for wearing only this one specific kind of Nike, but if he knew how they felt, he'd understand! I highly recommend these shoes, this is a case where it is worth a little extra money, especially if you are an underpronator or runner with high arches.", "Simply all I look for in a soccer shoe: simple, light weight, and flexible... oh yea, and well priced. I love that the bottom of the shoe is NOT one solid plastic piece like most soccer shoes out there. Having one solid plastic piece makes it harder to bend your foot and makes the shoe heavier for no good reason. Really glad that's not the case with these shoes! Can't ask for anything more.", "These are great cleats and we received them quickly.They are comfortable and high performance-work well on turf and grass.", "My son plays D1 college soccer, so we decided to get him a new pair of cleats for the spring season.  We ordered the Nike Total 90 Laser III FG in March, 2012, and in less than 1 month studs were breaking off both boots.  I contacted the company Highkickz, who Amazon orders through, and they refuse to do anything.  Once the item is worn, whether 1 day or 1 month, it is your problem.  Nike will not do anything either because apparently neither Amazon nor Highkickz are authorized to sell their products. In a nutshell, Nike says it's Highkickz's problem and Highkickz says it's Nike's problem. I question whether these cleats were defective to begin with.  So unless you feel $140.00 is worth 1 month of wearing time, I suggest you go elsewhere!!", "These shoes are very comfortable and they run true to size.  There was a break-in period because I usually wear a size 12 in boots, so I took a risk getting the 11.5 for these Nike Total90 Laser III.", "My wife had these and pad a good bit of money for them. The problem was that every time that she wore them, her feet hurt. Group fitness classes, going for a run, or even just walking around. She's never had these problems in any other shoes including other Nike's.The odd thing is that she gave them a friend and she has had no problem with them. I guess every foot is different but you may want to try some on at a local store first.", "Very comfortable and lightweight! I used them for Zumba and strength training.  They are supportive, yet not confining. Would purchase again! Love the colors!", "I use these sneakers for classes such as HIIT, strength and toning, etc. - not as running shoes. I have been wearing them for about two months now and have not had any issues. I may be looking for something with a little less cushion going forward because of the side to side high impact nature of my workouts, since the memory foam in the ball of these shoes is not always conduscive to the explosive side to side moments and I feel my toes slipping or pressing against the side edges. But overall, I am very happy with this purchase - especially when typically I have not been a Nike sneaker person in the past (usually New Balance or Asics).", "They fit great, and are very comfortable to play with.  They felt perfect since the first day I used them.", "Shoe was recommended to me by my podiatrist in order to give both stability and good cushioning. I haven't pushed it with a lot of mileage and given that I only run occasionally am happy enough with quality and performance.I just recommend ordering a 1/2 size larger than usual, both myself and a friend have bought these shoes and found them to be a bit short in length (this pair is actually the 2nd set I've purchased as first was too small).", "They are not only good for running they also look grate! maybe bit expansive but very good choice.thank you..", "This shoe is designed for someone who requires stability but doesn't want to give up the soft ride of a cushioned long run trainer.  I am in my 50s and these keep me on the road.  At first the amount of cushioning seemed like overkill but it has saved my knees.  The profile for this shoe is Stability plus.  The newer updates are a bit lighter as well.  The one negative is they are not particularly responsive.  You will feel like you are moving slower for a while.  Just don't race in them.", "I'm 5' 9\" about 180 lbs, training for a marathon, I went through the soles in less than 2 months averaging about 25 a week.  Sent them back to Nike who said that was normal wear and would not refund the money.  Running shoes are suppose to last for 200-300 miles.", "they sold fakes and charged me over $200 what more can i say very disappointing might as well be false advertising", "I love these shoes. I got them in size 5 and was really nervous they wouldn't fit because when I took them out the box they looked so tiny but the shoes fit like a glove. Really nice shoes", "The image that always pops up when I click on the link to what I got isn't singularly the Retro VI, it's a combo w/ 2 pairs of Jordans, one of which IS the Retro VI but in an alternate color. I made sure I knew what I was getting by doing a little light research though. The ones I got were apparently the last size in stock. Lucky me I suppose. Other than the image mix-up, the shoes arrived in tact but about 2 weeks later than another pair of shoes I ordered from a different vendor on the same day. Christmas present for my oldest son. I'm certain he'll love them. I'd deal w/ this seller again.", "These shoes are good. I love the retro design, however the quality, specifically of the sole of the shoe seems to be pretty poor. I suspect this is because the shoes are still manufactured with the same material and general composition as they were 40 years ago, when their design was new and cutting edge. I suppose you cannot fault Nike for this since the shoes are marketed by them as a fashion &#34;retro&#34; lifestyle shoe now, and not really for basketball or fitness. These are really good shoes though, and I enjoy wearing them. Just know that if you are planning on purchasing a pair that the sole is pretty flimsy and weak. Walk lightly.", "Nike Air Force 1 shoes are the most comfortable sneakers I have tried on.  Great quality, love the shoe, and I will be purchasing more.  This is the real deal, not a Nike knock off!", "I dont no what was reppened. Too large, i wil make some adjust. i can't return it, i am im Brazil.", "Nice top, just had to have it taken in as it was too large for my wife!", "Just loooveee them.. little bit of a arc built in to make it a little uncomfortable but I love them !", "I absolutely love these shoes :) they looked great out of the box, and a year later they still do! shipping was great, and done in a timely manner> no problems", "I BOUGHT THESE FOR MY SON AND THEY ARE LASTING HIM A VERY LONG TIME COMPARED TO OTHER SHOES I HAVE GOTTEN HIM. THEY DO LOOK REALLY NICE AND I WOULD RECOMMEND THEM.", "I really love these shoes. I wish I had ordered a size smaller though. They are a little big. I will still wear them though because they are super cute. Wish I could find them again in different colors.", "Bought for my grandson and he loves them he thinks the box they came in is really cool too. He carries the shoes and/or box around the house when he is not wearing them for basketball. Excellent price too!!", "Bought these for my son, who won't wear anything else but Nike Air Max running sneakers.  He loved them, fit was as always true to size.  I look for different colors every year!", "i seen these and order them and just got to say they look even better in person very fast shipping its got 2 black on them so easy to match up with outfits i really love these shoe very nice fit it was hard to ware them outside i didnt want to get them dirty but they cleaned very easy and are like new", "these shoes are really nice . they are just to small on my feet . Nike makes good shoes these where just really small on my feet. manly cause i wear a bigger size then i thought.", "I play indoor soccer and turf 2-3 a week, leauges and pick up games.I have owned 3 pairs of these shoes over the past 8 years. Very reliable considering I use them very very often. Sometimes I even wear them casually.Pros:Light!! I used to play with Sambas...never again (bad grip and heavy)very comfortable leather, fit custom insoles, for extra padding.cheap when considering alternatives.firm grip on all kinds of syntetic surfaces and even wood courts!Cons:none in 3 pairs I have ownedNot for the players who likes flashy shoes :)", "Normally I don't like purchasing shoes without trying them on but decided to take a chance on these. I am very pleased with these shoes. Solidly constructed and durable. Surprisingly comfortable for me as well.", "I have always enjoyed the quality of this particular model of Nike shoe since they seem to last forever.  However, these shoes seem to be running smaller than ever, and I have always bought this same model of shoe.  Also, some of the stitching is a little uneven, which makes the quality seem less than my previous shoes.  After awhile they seemed to stretch to fit a little better and I only hope the durability matches the previous versions that I have owned.", "Not like picture more like something a clown would wear. also they run smaller could have used 11/1/2 bought size 11. when I went to send back I was informed I had to send on my Dime. when I bought I was led to believe that free shipment meant returns was included. So I'm out $9 and change with no shoes. I'll never purchase on line again for any thing I have to wear. The Shoe store cubs&sticks very cool not helpful didn't want to hear it. I would have hoped Amazon would have put a little pressure on them.", "Perfect shoe for your year round golfer!  My husband is kind of picky with his golf shoes and he just loves these!  He says they fit perfect and his feet feel much better than any other shoe he has had. Great traction and easy to clean up too!  Perfect gift for the golfer in your life!!", "I purchased these shoes to begin my hobby of golf. I was looking for a cheaper golf shoe, but with a little quality and style to get me started. After purchasing these shoes, I couldn't be happier. They came in the original box and are well worth the price. For the occasional golfer, these really provide a good quality material.I would recommend these shoes to anyone else looking for a more affordable shoe, but wants to be spared the cost.", "looks very trendy and sleek... sizes run roughly a half size larger than they are listed, so my 10 fit like a 10 1/2. NOTE - YOU'LL HAVE TO BUY THE SPIKE-REMOVER TOOL WHICH IS A $10ish- &#34;Champ ProPlus Wrench&#34;Amazon is $10-$20 cheaper than other places selling this shoe fyi", "great price for a good pair of golf shoes...they fit like sneakers and feel a lot more confortable than my traditional nike golf shoes", "Great looking shoe with vibrant contrasts ( Red/White )while still being acceptable on the course! Amazing fit out of the box, and no blisters after a full 18 following! Firmly anchor you to the ground for each swing, even on wet grass and awkward angles. Also keeps your feet surprisingly dry, without suffocating them in the process! Great golf shoe, highly recommend!", "purchased a pair of golf shoes for my son for christmas, his shoe size is 10 1/2 so when i ordered a 10 1/2 and they came, my husband tried them on and they fit him who is a size 9 so i had to return them.  with plenty of time before christmas i ordered a 11 1/2 thinking a full size would be right since there was a 1 1/2\" size between my son and husband.  when they came i wrapped them. when opened for christmas, my son tried them on and they were too big. i'm in the process of returning them now for size 11. hope they fit. the company was very helpful in rushing my order to me. knowledge of how nike's shoes run in size would have saved me a lot of trouble.", "I bought these for my husband after he had been eyeing them for a few months. He wanted something that felt more like sneakers (with grip) than a traditional saddle shoe. He was so excited about these shoes - says they are super comfortable and he feels like his game got better b/c of it!!", "These shoes arrived quickly and were just as pictured.  I broke them in for the first time on the golf course playing 2 days in a row 18 holes. Very comfortable no problems whatsoever best part they look really good especially when I played pebble beach. Good quality and very affordable", "These have been great shoes for golf. They are inexpensive but not cheap. They keep my feet dry and work great on the course. I think they also look great!", "Bought these for under $50. I have played several rounds with these and they were comfortable from the start. Have played in wet rainy as well as wet early morning conditions and feet are dry.I did order these 1/2 size bigger per other reviews and they fit perfect.", "These shoes are great.  The grip well, they're waterproof, they look sharp, and they are comfortable.  I'd also add the fit true to size.  If you're on the fence, don't be.", "the most comfortable golf shoe i have ever worn..and it was completely waterproof..no problems at all ..super light weight..great..super.what else is there too say", "They aren't quite like MJ's but thats good because i dont want to golf like him anyways!  Glad he is stickin to the bball shoes scene.  This shoe has greatly improved my golf experience.  I still hit the ball in the trees and water but at least I look good while I am lookin for it!  Really throws everyone off in the clubhouse! They all think, based on the fact that i have golf shoes, that i know how to golf.  Jokes on them when the tee shot from hole #1 hits a house and the mulligan hits a car.  Thanks for keepin me classy nike!", "These golf shoes are great. They look really cool cant even tell that you are golf shoes, they feel comfortable, and helped my terrible golf game!", "For the price, these are great name brand shoes. They are comfortable and keep my feel dry (very important). No problems with the size, they fit perfect and didn't need to be broken in. I would buy these again and recommend them to others.", "The size 10.5 was not even close. Family members confirmed, as other buyers have found, that it is closer to 9-9.5. The shoes look great, but something with this size or this pair, is wrong.", "its almost a year I am using this shoes and works perfectly and no body can beat this price. great product.", "Worn these shoes several times this spring when it was wet.  Kept my feet dry throughout the round.  Nice fit.", "I bought these a little while back and i still can wear them. They are very durable and very comfortable. Did i mention their style. And for that price there is no better shoe out there.", "Very comfortable shoe for a great price. I wear a size 14 shoe but a size 13 worked just fine for me! Wore them a couple of times without socks to break them in & they fit perfect now!Great golf shoe without breaking the bank.They come in an assortment of colors & sizes.", "I just love this shoes perfect for running..I love wearing them!!", "I'm in the army so running and other forms of physical training are part of my daily routine. After having the same running shoes for almost 3 years I knew it was time to get a new pair, well way past time but let's forget that. I saw these shoes and got them based off the positive reviews. It only took about a week to get here (overseas) and I have to say I was 100% satisfied with them. Not only are they amazingly comfortable and light but they also helped me improve my running posture, these shoes alone helped me take 30 seconds of my 2 mile time alone. I've recommended them to everyone interested in a more comfortable and efficient run.Bonus:Also I didn't know this but it also comes with the little space under the shoe to put the nike run thing for your iPhone, thought I'd add that in there.", "This is the best tennis that I already bought, considering Asic Gel-Kinetic, Nike Elite and Nike Air Alaris. He has a good stability, is well ventilated, great cushioning with good return.", "My husband likes these shoes so much I ordered another pair exactly like these. He calls them his Roll Tide shoes.", "very comfy, look decent. would not play soccer in them though....meant to be running shoes. the sole has a good cushion, hence helps when running.", "I read all the reviews on here, since I was quite hesitant to buy shoes online. However, I am 100% satisfied with my Nike Zoom Vomero+ 5's. I paid less than any retail store that I went to, and these are by far the comfiest shoes that I've ever had. They actually make running bearable for me (as I'm not incredibly light on my feet).These are sized appropriate and fit great. My feet are in that weird range where they're about 12.5, but most shoe companies stop making half sizes after 11.5. These size 13's don't feel too big, but I definitely think that I'd be OK if I was naturally a size 13.These shoes are so comfortable that I gradually turned them into my every day shoe. I wear them everywhere I go now b/c my other shoes just can't compare. My running has improved immensely in this shoe as well, mostly because these make me excited to run. Any extra motivation that I can use (i.e. comfy shoes) is a definite plus in my book. I highly recommend these shoes.Let me know if you have any questions in the comments, and I'll be glad to answer them!", "I bought these shoes since I was doing the nike plus thing and wow these are great. Like every new shoe I had to break them in but ever since then they have been great I've walked a lot in these and they are fantastic. I have even gone out on days after it has rained and in the snow and my feet don't end up soaked like with normal tennis shoes. My favorite shoes ever, I use them every day and when these wear down I will be buying the same ones again.", "great shoe, fits well but would love to see nike zoom vomeros come in different color choices!!  too much white on this shoe & not enough gray = gets dirty easily :)", "I am a nurse and these shoes are very comfortable. The only drawback is that I paid 119.00 and when I got the shoes they had a discount price of in the 50 dollar range. A little disappointed about that, but I do like the shoes.", "I bought this shoe after trying more or less all of the shoes at my local running store. I under pronate on my left foot and over pronate on my right foot, and the sales person who did the assessment suggested a cushion shoe, which I had never tried before. Having been a loyal Adidas shoe shopper for many years, there were two things (that I didn't like about their shoes) that I was specifically looking for. First, the shoe needs to be wide in the toe box. Many shoes are far too narrow, which doesn't allow my feet to breathe on long runs. Also I was looking for a shoe with an insole that did not wear quickly. I tried both the Vomero 6 and the Vomero 5, and I decided on this shoe. And this shoe fits the bill nicely. I have had it for about 3-4 months, running/walking about 6-10 miles a week. I don't have any of the knee pain that I had previously, and the insole has not worn down, which is fantastic. I love the Nike+ integration on this shoe, since I also use the Nike sportband. Overall a great shoe, just wish it were less expensive. Even though version 6 is already out, it does not appear that the price will go down anytime soon.", "Nice design, color and provides good support. My son likes the new Nike line and was pleased with this shoe.", "Just the right shoe for runningPerfect fit and colorHad Free Run 3 version before and wanted to try the next level up", "Very comfortable and used these shoes throughout by P90x of 4 months and they kept my feet nice and happy", "I was told that I needed a \"stabilizer\" shoes because I'm a \"over proportionate runner\". These shoes are extremely comfortable, I would wear them just for hanging out or doing errands throughout the day. The only down side to these shoes(maybe I'm just knit picking) but I don't like the weight of the shoes. I'm use to the weight 'Minimus' running shoes but these shoes get the job done.", "The sneaker, is everything you could expect it to be if you are looking for premium quality.  That is what you're getting from east to west, north to south.", "Nike style is so sleek and ahead of the game.  The choice and embodiment of the colors Nike chooses in this shoe is pretty unique.Walking in the shoes is extremely comfortable.  Can definitely feel the added cushion to the bottom of the ball of my feet.", "I run an average of 10-15 miles per week, so having good running shoes is very important to me. I just purchased these shoes a few weeks ago and have been very happy. These shoes are the most comfortable I have ever used. The support and stability is excellent. Plus, they look great.", "I get so many compliments on these bad boys.  I love them...they are really comfortable.  Great to run in and overall look gret.", "Very cool shoes and excellent quality.  My boy love it. I really recommend it, very comfortable shoes. Not only for basketball.", "not sure if it comes accross well on pc  but shoes looked great and were as desired ive tried to research them to see if theyare authentic but if they are im verypleased with there quality", "Haven't tried them yet but the product was shipped as ordered. As soon as my son tells me how comfortable they are I will be posting it.", "I have been training to get back in shape and shed the extra weight I have put on having my kids and ect.  I have very sensitive feet. Most shoes take so long for me to wear them in to make them comfortable that by the time that happens...I have worn them out!!  I recently went to the NIKE outlet and tried on so many pairs of shoes I thought were \"cute\" and had no luck until I tried these on!!  I got a great deal (59.99) and I have been satisfied with them from the day I took them home.  I was just wearing them to the gym and when I walked or jumped rope outside but I have now started wearing them to work also!!  I work in a old Hospital with hard floors and I walk ALOT during my shift(s) and these shoes are the only ones I own that I can wear the whole shift without wanting to cry!!  I LOVE THEM!!  I am dissapointed that I can purchase the same exact shoe...but I see NIKE has began to make other shoes in this line similar to these...I just hope they are as reliable as these.  #sogladtohaveashoethatworks YaY!!", "Like the other reviewer, I have a pair of Nike Free 7.0 shoes that I have worn into the ground.  Now that I am looking for a replacement pair, I see that Nike has discontinued the line and there no place online to get this version.  It's a shame because I love, love, love these shoes.  Nike, please bring back the Free 7.0 for men!", "I don't have these exact shoes but I do own a pair of Nike 7.0. Let me tell you this, these shoes are something else. They have strengthened my legs, feet, calves and my shins. I'm a heavy person, about 225lbs and I run in these to get into shape. I used these shoes to train for the agility test for the police department and I blew them away, i was the first one to cross the finish line, you should have seen the look on peoples face when I came in first. they could not believe a person of my size could run that fast.I'm not saying that I'm the fastest person alive but, training with these shoes have made me run faster by strengthening muscles that are not used when running with a regular running shoe. Regular running shoes are too soft and weaken the muscles. Nike Free Runners do the opposite, they strenghen them up. \"Awesome\" shoes and I don want to by a new pair.", "Sexy, fits perfect, colors amazing, light weight, and looks great. Of course roshe runs are in high demand so why not get them? There amazing.", "I've been looking into these shoes for a while now and I'm so glad that I got them. They are perfect for running, I've been using them for about a month now and they're my favorite! I do have a somewhat wider foot, but it doesn't bother me at all with these shoes. It goes without saying these are great for running, but what really drew me in was the color! The pink is perfect... not too bright, not too dull. Yes, they will make you stand out, but in the best way. LOVE!!", "This shoe runs smaller than you regular size. When I tried to return this product, I was told it shipped from China or somewhere over seas.  It would cost me about the same I paid for the shoe to return them.  Now I am stuck with a shoe that does not fit.  DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PRODUCT!!!", "The product is just great , what happens is that the size is too small, what I thought was they will fit right but I was wrong. Thanks", "I ordered my standard shoe size, but they are very narrow and I'll fitting. Don't trust the sizes. They don't run true to size and are just very narrow in general.", "I absolutely love roshes! And these pink ones were pretty uncommon, so i just HAD to get them. It's a bit more pricier than the other roshe runs, but by the way they look and feel.. I must say it was worth every dollar! It is far more comfortable than the free runs i bought from nike, all thanks to the sole! So, if you're a runner like myself and who loves going to the gym, and who also appreciates great comfort then these are definitely for you!", "You can't see the white reflection spots in shoes. Nice shoes tho if you like that look. They are light weight!", "Love the shoes, however I do not like that the seller did not provide original nike box, makes me wonder why", "These shoes are super light and very cushy for a nice run. I really like them. They do not go with some of my work out clothes, but are definitely very cute.", "Shoe fits awesome + so comfy!", "Since we always buy Nike at a half size larger, we did so with these as well. They seemed a little bit longer than usual in the toes, but my teenage daughter loves the colors.", "My mom loved it, i gave it to her for mothers day. She said its comfortable and flexible and she didnt have to break them in. The problem I have is that, the price was too much. I found the exact same pair at the mall for way less than the one on here. I recommend shopping around first before buying.", "The sport shoes are what I expected, except for they are a bit larger than other size 8 nikes I own. I am keeping them cause they still fit ok and I am using them as a walking shoe versus a fitness shoe.", "Ended up selling these to a friend and buying a pair in my size. The description said a men's 7 which would have been a women's 9 but they were a women's 7. They are however the most comfortable running shoe. A lot of support. Light and super cushioned. Shipping was fast also.", "love them , everything i expected . there just like the picture but even better . im very happy with my shoes", "It was a gift. They loved it and they fit perfectly.", "I wear these on the daily and especially if I know I am walking around the city. Probably will be buying another pair of roshe runs in another color", "Love the look and the comfort of the sole but the shoe runs very large. I've never had this problem with Nike sizing before I've been wearing Nike for 20 years.", "I bought these for my daughter and she loves them! Very stylish and comfortable. I think I may need to get the ones in black too!", "These shoes were amazing! No one has the color which always gets my attention! I love the neon! Thanks guys", "The sneakers are comfortable and lightweight for my many miles of running. Good price. I'm not sure about durability as I only had them for a month but so far so good. I'm glad I purchased them.", "These are a bit brighter than the picture, but I love them.  They are super light, and they are snazzy!  Love them!", "It was a size to big for me but they looks awsome and I'm planing on getting a size smaller", "These are probably the most comfortable pair of sneakers I have ever owned.  They fit like Keds on a skate border so I feel kind of old for them (40), but in the end the comfort trumps all.", "I've been using Nike Dual Fusion ST2 shoes to run.  I run about 3 miles a day, and wore out the shoes.  So I thought I try these new and improved Dual Fusion Run2 shoes.  Well, the first week I developed a huge blister on my right toe, so I bought another pair of ST2 and no problems.  So if you run a lot, beware of blisters.", "when i took the shoe out of the box their was little blue  spots on the whites of the shoe and on the nose of the shoes theirs  a tiny  pink spot that is what i expect to be yogurt?", "IM GIVING THESE SHOES A 1-STAR REVIEW ONLY BC AMAZON WONT POST MY REVIEW W-OUT ME GIVING IT SOMETHING. THATS LOWSY, YOU SHOULD HAVE THE OPTION TO GIVE NO STARS. THESE SURELY DONT DESERVE ANY.i ordered these shoes after a long stretch of looking over shoes online. theres very little variety for high quality athletic shoes where i live. initially i wanted running shoes, though there is just sooo much mesh now that its discouraging. i want something thats good in all elements...definitely dont want  to be confined to a treadmill if the weather isnt ideally warm.so, i figured i would go the basketball shoe route, and i could get my cardio on courts & still do long walks & some jogging in these. i received them today 5/12/10, after ordering them on May 7, 2010 thru amazon.com from \"WatchColony\". i was a little skeptical, bc i went & checked their site & saw ONLY watches...no shoes.all i can tell u is-if ur thinking of ordering them from there...((((Watch-Out)))).i read very good reviews for these sneakers, in spite of them being an old style. i thought \"retro\" meant even tho they were released for the first time years ago, those being sold now have only recently been manufactured. doesnt seem so...mine arrived & i could tell just from touching them that the mid-soles werent right.the upper part of the shoes are fine, though the mid-soles feel more like boots than sneakers, and when i tried them on they hurt my feet. still, i decided to wear them around the house-bc some shoes need breaking in.i gave up after taking them off & putting on my (probably more than) two year old retro iversons, & Feeling instant relief. this is while before trying the pippens on, looking down on my old shoes...they arent very cushiony any more, though are still WaY better than what i got today.its my thought that the watch colony got a good deal on some pippens that were actually made in the mid 90s-that have been sitting around in (oold) storage somewhere, and decided to start up a little side business. ive never felt sneakers with a mid-sole so stiff before, that werent worn out & been out in the snow.now, it could be that all the pippens are like this...i am tempted to order them from another seller just to see. for now though, i am going to say these shoes & Watch Colony (((Suck))). now i will probably have to pay 10 bucks to send back bad shoes that are a nickel short of being 100 dollars. :/ Yeah for Me!!", "Purchased for my nephew as it is the football season and he loves them. He says they are very comfortable and they look great.", "They look really good and feel soo comfortable and comes really fast after order great seller and great product can't wait to use them for football in the spring.", "Purchased to use for my beach runs.Check your shoe size with a measuring plate before you purchase any cleat.These ran a touch narrow (I'm a ll.5D) and they're a touch tight unless I wear the absolute thinnest socks I can find.Very comfortable though and decent arch support for a cleat.", "Una version diferente de los modelos de nike, zapatos bien hechos y de alta durabilidad, color llamativos bien combinados totalmente aconcejables...", "Excellent shoe, worth the money. It was for my son, he played all season in them they held up well and were still intact when he got rid of them. The shipping and product were great.", "Great shoes. I wish you offered more in my size 14. But big feet get a slim selection. Maybe in the future you will continue to get sizes bigger then 12.", "these kicks r real MVP, i love them, they complete my Swag.If you want to walk with the MVP grab yourself a pair,", "Feels good on my feet", "Very nice.Friend love the product.", "These slides are very comfortable and my teenage daughter loves them. They are a bit smaller than expected but fit her comfortably.", "the shoes were too big, maybe because they are Nikes and Nike tends to run a little bigger than most brands. but i had to return it. the design is what caught my eye.", "This shoe is perfect for school. Especially since they are required to wear uniform. Khaki and white are two of the colors that can be worn. I just love the look. My son loves them! So if he is satisfied with them I most definitely am! I will continue to order through Amazon because I haven't had any disappointments from either of the other orders. Great company!", "I had requested in size 6.5 M U.S. Toddler, and what they gave me was the big kids size 6.5", "this are bamf shoes and i reccomend emlace em up right and show em offi got tow pairs in diff colors and love emthey are loudstylishand casualgood shoes***", "Of the nicest shoes that i buy in my life, it's very comfortable to walk and strikin&lt; i love it", "Only after few days, the rubber outsole separated at the edge from the leather, the glue that Nike used is not strong enough. The shoes are comfortable, but I won't buy the Classic again.", "I ordered these sneakers and thought that perhaps I ordered the wrong size but it turned out that they were just perfect.  They only not fit perfectly buy but the colors were just right too.  I am completely satisfied with them. Maybe I was lucky but I would order them again and would recommend to anyone who into Nike sneakers.  Even my first first pair were great.  I love them more than these.  Especially the colors.  The white with purple.  I intend to get another pair.  Thank you guys.", "The Nike Air Tri-D III shoes were specially designed and built for running, you can tell that immediately. *Very* lightweight, *very* comfortable, the midsole does provide ample midfoot/forefoot cushioning... they're just great. And very good looking, too! I use them on pavement and thanks to both the Air technology on the heel and the generous amount of cushioning on the midsole you feel you're walking on a pillow. I try to jog with them but my feet immediately want to fly. Well done, Nike!", "I was able to find these shoes at a reasonable price on Amazon.  They fit my son perfectly and he loves them.", "Im very happy with these Jordans by this seller, they are authentic and thats what really counts.However lets be real If I'm paying double the price and I order them before they release I expect to get them before they release. Maybe they can't control shipping but the only thing I was disappointed with is that I was under the impression I would receive them on or before the release and I just received them today on May 29th. Kids sneakers aren't as difficult to buy as adults and I could have paid half the price and got them earlier by just going to the store.Needless to say they are Authentic and thats what really matters. I love the Carmines.", "My son loves them brand new got there fast they were amazing and the box was new great sellers here", "Good and bad with these shoes. Good: Daughter loves the colors. Bad: The top of the tongue is very stiff and rubs against the front of the ankle. She used bandaids to prevent chafing thru her socks. Then she went to rolling or folding her socks down to create padding where the rubbing occurs. Also, the ad for the shoes said preschool, when in fact our 8 year old daughter wears size 3 and is in 3rd grade. Certainly not worth the price for these shoes, but we had a gift card to reduce the cost of the purchase. Seller was prompt and responded to our question about the shoes being preschool or grade school size 3. They didn't know, the shoes had shipped and they said return them if they were the wrong size 3.", "very beautiful shoes my daughter loves it100 percent authenticshipping was as expected as well thank you very muchI plan to buy more in the future", "I ordered these shoes on Nov 14  and got them on Nov 18 fast delivery also it says pre- school but i ordered a size 3 and the size was correct when i recieved them great service.", "To my son it they is charmed with the shoes, does not want to part with them, they do not trouble him on having walked", "I bought size 4Y but received 4C in the mail. I emailed the people at Sole Place,they said it was a packaging error. However, the 2 sizes are considerably different and very noticeable. I think they are running a scam, I received my money back from amazon but still very upset as they didn't even offer to ship the right shoe to me. Very unprofessional and I wont be buying from them ever again! I now have toddler shoes with no use for them.. and no rainbow Jordans for me.. DISAPPOINTING!!", "This sneaker purchase was a little pricey but worth it. Good quality for the money. And I received it by mail very quickly.", "I hated them. Ran a size smaller then expected, and the sole stands about 2 inches high making it easy to trip and fall.", "I ordered this item hoping it would be exactly what I wanted and it was. I was most pleased with the product, couldn't ask for anything better. Two thumbs up!!", "Very comfortable sandal. Good for all day use as life guard walking on concrete. True to size. Remaining odor free with high usage.", "I have owned these shoes now for about 4 months, and so far so good.  I always tend to buy Nike shoes because they last for awhile, and these so far have been no different.  I wear them all of the time, and the only problem so far is they get dirty quickly because they are white (however that is something I knew I would be getting into).  I was concerned about the air pockets in the back of the shoe, because I have had shoes like this before and once they get a leak in them, you get that annoying squeak and air gushing sound.  However, I have not experienced any of these problems yet.Comfort wise, I can wear these shoes all day and my feet do not hurt or feel uncomfortable.  I ordered these shoes in my size, and they run just right and were not too big or small.  I would recommend these shoes to potential buyers.", "I bought this Nike Sweet for my 15 tear old daughter and she's very happy with it. Everyone says that it looks elegant.", "Amazing color! Runs small so order 1 entire size up. Being a former Asics girl I am I to fitness! But I began suffering from plantar fascitis. After being devoted to the 5.0s I do not have any pain and it's been a year.", "These are the Most comfortable pair of running shoes I've ever owned!  My heals have been beginning to bother me and these shoes sure make walking So much better...plus they are the Perfect color orange!  I love them!", "I've had these shoes for a couple of weeks now and I LOVE them. They are extremely comfortable and the orange color is fantastic.  I read the reviews and I ordered a larger size  up and they are a perfect fit.", "These are the most comfortable workout shoes I've ever had. I have four different colors and get constant complements on all of them. Well worth the price!", "It fits perfectly. The shoes are great, it fits perfectly and they are great! The color, the material and the fit is perfect!", "super comfortable! I use them for going to the gym and they are perfect. I did order a half size larger then my regular shoe size.", "I bought these shoes because I heard they were good shoes for people with flat feet. My hips usually bother me but since I've started wearing these no problems. Super comfy, and cute! Stylish.  I didn't think they'd be that bright, but I love them! I'm confident that I've found a shoe that will give me no problems. I'm a size 8 and I got a size 9 because everybody in the comments was saying they came too small. I probably could have got away with getting a 8 1/2 but they're still great.", "I love these shoes. These shoes are so comfortable to wear. I have had them for about 2,weeks and never had a compaint with pain in my feet after an 8,hr shift of walking. They do run a slight bit small. Also love how wide the top of the foot area is.", "Terrible, It came smelling terrible like someone with stinky feet had been walking in it and it came two weeks after the shippig date stated", "These are the best, most comfortable running shoes I can imagine. If I had the money for 10 more pairs I'd buy them in a heartbeat! They run about a half size smaller than most shoes!", "These shoes fit and feel like a glove. The are very lightweight and easy to run in. I would buy every color if I could:)", "Fits as expected for a Nike which they tend to run small. I wear and 8 and ordered an 8.5. Very comfortable and cute too!", "The Nike Free 5.0 running shoe was exactly what my daughter wanted, and needed for track.  She loves the color, fit, and breath ability of these shoes!  I would buy them again in a heart beat!", "Shoes run slightly small so it's better to try them on in the store first. I have worn these shoes for work for the last couple of years and then are so comfortable when you have to stand all day.", "after serious consideration of what brand of running shoes to buy, nike filled my expectations, the shoes are confortable and aerodynamics to run, although they are not appropriate (as it should be) to ran in lands or rocky roads", "These shoes are so awesome!!! They feel so great!I will tell my friends to get them......I will get them in pink", "I don't mind it actually, just was expecting actual yellow. I ordered a size up because everyone knows Nike running always runs small.  But these still felt small. I was going to return them but didn't wanna deal with the hassle so wore them once to the gym, and they feel much better, loosened up around the tongue area and now they may just be the most comfortable shoe I own:)", "It feels great. I'd order a half size smaller. The only weird thing about this shoe is when rocks get caught in the sole. it's not bothersome, though. I love these! so comfy!", "The fit of these Nike's are perfect!!Love the neon yellow; comfortable shoes that I use for 4.5 mile walks", "I read reviews before purchasing and everyone said to order half a size up so I did. But after getting them I realized it would have been better to just order a full size up. I still wear them and after doing a little breaking in it's bearable. However, if I could do it again I would have ordered a full size up. I also have wider feet, if that has anything to do with it.", "I was forewarned by my runner friends to buy these shoes exactly one size bigger than my actual shoe size which seemed crazy to me but they were right and they fit me perfectly! This shoe is extremely light weight and unbelievably flexible. I have pretty sensitive feet and am susceptible to blisters on my heels and the ball of my foot, but right out of the box, I went on a three mile walk and my feet were great. Seriously, this is the best running shoe I have ever bought!", "I have very high arches and am a neutral runner. Great fit, great shoe! Love love love nike frees!!! :)", "I would like to exchange them for a 10 but that isn't an option. It should be since they are so expensive.", "My daughter got then for her self and when I try them on I love the way they felt so I bough me a pair, love the color, all my friend from work like then too, everything was perfect!!!:) thank you!!!!", "I love these shoes for work!", "I bought these for my wife who wanted to try a different style of running or workout shoe.  The reviews mentioned this shoe runs small so I ordered a half size larger.  Still not large enough.  You may want to go with a full size larger than what you normally wear.", "These were a gift for my wife and she loves them. They look great and she says they fit perfect.", "My wife is a true 8 and we read reviews that the shoe fits a little snug and bought a 1/2 size up and she loves it. They are super super comfortable walking and running shoes.", "these are my second pair of nikes and by far my fav pair of shoes!! there so comfy and flexibly and light! i love them!", "They're so super comfy.  I wear them to work, run in, do yard work in, etc. etc. etc!  Will definitely order another pair from Amazon.", "Comfortable running shoes ! Love these sneaks! Came faster than I expected which is great! :) Great support in the feet. Great buy!", "My wife has complained quite a bit about these hurting her feet. They snug the top of her feet too tightly.", "Love these sneaks! Came faster than I expected which is great! Love the color. Great support in the feet. A little snug but fits great! Great buy!", "These shoes fit snug and secure as I had hoped! Nike always runs a half shoe size smaller than I normally wear so I always go up half a size. Normally I wear an 8 but I ordered the 8.5 and they fit perfectly! These are my primary racing shoes so it's very important that they feel good all around. I am very happy with them.", "Great comfy shoes. My daughters love these lightweight shoes. I am planning on getting a pair myself. Love the great new colors.", "I have strange arches in my feet that bother me if I am not wearing something that fits right. These feel fantastic and formed to my foot the second I put them on. They are light and flexible, it almost feels like you aren't wearing shoes at all.", "According to my daughter the shoe is exceptionally light and comfortable! In addition to being nice! She loves them! Will recommend to everyone! :)", "I should have purchased a half size larger, and the tread is so spread out, all kinds of pebbles and sticks get stuck in the soles. Other than this, very cute and comfortable for lots of walking and working out. This is my second pair -- I like that they have a larger toe box, come in cool colors, and weigh almost nothing. Mesh on top of shoe not great in anything heavier than a drizzle. Great for travel!", "Nice shoes, Love it. Thanks.", "They are a bit tight. They don't fit like any other sport shoe. That's one of the reasons I stopped buying Nike years ago", "Second pair I have bought...wore the tread almost through with five months of intense walking!  They are light as air on my thick feet", "great shoes at great price", "I always buy Nike products. They always last a long time and wear well, but this sneaker ran extremely tight width wise. My trainer at the gym also has these sneakers and he said that the support on them aren't very good and they wore out on him quite quickly.I will buy a different Nike sneaker, but these are really just a pretty shoe vs. a useful shoe.", "Will give my daughter this pair and I will purchase a size 9.  Love the shoe!", "It is a slim fit. Nice shoe. Made very well. However when I worked out for the first time in this shoe, I had to take it off.", "I really adore these shoes. Not only is the style amazing, but the fit is great too. I work at a gym and wearing these all day keeps my feet supported but still light and comfortable. They are even better for running too! The balance and support is great.", "Great shoe. Except the orange coloring  on the front of the shoe has already rubbed off and it is white now.", "A lilttle bit small but with time it will fit you just have to wear it a couple of time before", "Very comfy and pretty. I usually wear size 10 in shoes with no heels, and this size 10 fits perfectly. Very happy with purchase!", "Looked everywhere for this pair.  Perfect!", "If 7 is my number in another Women's NIKE FREE 5.0 that i have, why this does'nt fit me? I'm very disappointed and would like to change, with no cost for me. I leave in Brasil and ask i friend to bring it to me from the NY adress i gave, but it was terrible to see that something wrong happened.How can we change it with no cost for me? I would like to change the color too.Hope to hear from you soon.NikeNike Free 5.0+ Womens Running Shoes", "These are the most amazing shoes I've ever worn! They fit perfect and they feel fantastic while running. I will definitely always be purchasing these for my running shoes! They do run 1/2 size too small so order a 1/2 size larger then what you normally wear.", "I LOVE THESE SHOES! However, I've ordered a different pair and had to return them already due to these shoes running extremely small! I'm usually a size 8-8.5 so I ordered this pair in a size 9. They are still a little too snug for my liking. I'm hoping they will stretch out a little with use. They are far too beautiful and expensive to return and try a third time!", "I bought these shoes for the gym and a boot camp I just started, i'm so in love how these shoes fit!! They do run very small, I'm an 8 and I got an 9, so make sure you get a size bigger. I love how I can walk for hours and not have achy feet", "You CANNOT go wrong with Nike Free's. Ever. Your normal size tennis shoe will work. Super tight at first, but that's like all shoes.", "They're absolutely perfect. I would highly recommend the brand and running shoe to anyone looking for a good, reasonably priced shoe", "I love these shoes. When I first time tried them on they felt a little tight, but in reality they fit perfectly. My foot doesn't slip in these shoes. They support my high arches comfortably, overall a great find to go on a run, walk or everyday use. I need another pair,", "Favorite pair of shoes I have EVER owned!!! I have saw some reviews saying these ran small but I got my usual 8 and they fit like a dream!", "Shoes are perfect! Fur great and super comfortable. Also, seller went out if his way to make sure I get the item on time.", "I am a size 6 1/2 - 7 and this shoe (7) was super small. It felt like it was a small 6. So maybe go one size up. Cute shoes though but had to return.", "They aren't as comfortable as I thought they would be. No cushion, I wore them once and my feet hurt after.", "They look nice but gave me shin splits, I would not recommend these for XC or Track and Field runners. My coaches and athletic trainer insisted they were bad, and they were right. I had no arch support and got blisters very easily.", "Received these quickly and I love them! They weigh close to nothing and are soo cozy. I get compliments every time I wear them, I love them!", "I buyed it for my girlfriend, works pretty weel in gym, good performance, confortable for jogging, she feel no impact in feet.", "super comfortable and finally my feet no longer ache. i think i can run faster because of this shoe.  yay!", "This sight met my expectations! I would use this sight again to purchase and in fact I have used it many times since.", "My shoes fit me perfectly! I love them. I got exactly what I wanted/ordered! The only thing was the color, it was m", "Fast shipping and great shoes. Exactly what I wanted", "The shoes look great!  The price was good.  Shipping was fast.  But the shoe is WAY smaller than a women's 7 :(", "Love these shoes, very comfortable and light. Comfortable to run in. I will be buying more nike frees in the future.", "I recommend getting a half size larger than your regular size. I ordered a 9.5 and they were too small, so I got a 10 and they were perfect! Other than that they are very cute, I love them!", "Neon Yellow..good shoe..would buy again. Just know you should buy .5 sizes bigger. Not saying this is a premier Nike shoe.. but it's good enough for what i paid for it.", "This shoe is so comfortable and amazingly light! Note one should order a half size larger for the best results. When it comes to running you want enough space as to not cut your workout short due to sore toes.Also so easy to clean!", "excelente", "One of the best shoes Ive ever purchased, they are light weight & so comfortable. They are worth every penny!", "I was so happy to find this color, and in my size (10). They're super comfortable and I find they fit super well. I recommend going up a half size if you're going to be running a lot. Very happy!", "These shoes dramatically improved my shin splint pain. Their a little tight bc they run about a half a size small. But really comfortable. They're also really cute and are made of an interesting plastic-like material on the outer part that isn't mesh.  But totally breathable. I absolutely love these shoes and will buy more in different colors.  I'm kind of a shoe whore. LOL. They are expensive but if you want a quality shoes these are worth the price.", "The feels pretty comfortable to run in. They are a little slimmer than what I had expected. All around a good shoe.", "These shoes are super comfy and lightweight. They run a bit small though so order half a size larger than you would normally wear.", "Something about the side of my heel, right as it curves up towards my ankle bone rubs funny.  I like the airflow and fit everywhere else.", "Very comfortable and lightweight. I wear them for work in a hospital and for dog walking. If you are looking for more support I wouldn't recommend these.", "I was recommended to go half a size bigger than I usually get, however, these sneakers are not running small and I end up with a bit larger size that I need. I could not return them as I needed them for the trip and I end up keeping them. The bigger size doesn't bother me much. The sneakers are very light and comfortable and can wear them all day long. Love them. Beware what you walking/running on -- small pebbles and other particles do get inside the sole cracks and may damage the sneakers.", "Love them, a little tight across the arch, hope they stretch out a little more for better comfort.  Love the color.  Thank you.", "These shoes are amazing! I found it much easier to run in them, and they are very light. Keep in mind while ordering to get half a size larger because they run a tad small. Great shoes def want more colors !", "I loved these shoes from the 1st time I seen them... unfortunately they were too small. I should have gotten a bigger size... I had to return them and they didn't have the size I needed. But they look really cute!!!", "I normally wear a size 5 in shoes but knowing Nike runs small I went up 1 whole size- the shoe was still too small. I own other Nikes, this pair runs smaller than the others I own. Since I had to pay for shipping both ways, I decided NOT to reorder and go to a local store to get correct size.", "I usually wear a 9 size tennis shoe, but with the tongue being attached I went up to a size 10. Other than that I love these shoes!! They are great to work out in, and they are sooo comfortable. Just think about going up a size from your regular tennis shoes, and also think about getting some really low no show socks!", "My daughter has high arches and wears orthotics.  She loves these shoes!  They are extremely comfortable.  She bought a full size larger than she wears and is very happy with them.", "Excellent shoes!  Very comfortable and lightweight, feels like I'm not even wearing shoes.  Would most definitely recommend them to everyone.", "I was nervous about purchase, but the shoes were exactly what I had expected  ! Thank you so much! !", "I have 2 pair of these now and will probably buy another in the near future.  I lead worship dance and wear these with my skirts to dance in.  I have some foot and ankle issues and my feet will hurt after dance class but not with these!  I don't know what I will do if Nike ever stops making these shoes!", "This is my first time trying these lightweight NIKE sneakers and I love them.  I would highly recommend them, especially to go to the gym.", "This shoes is very comfortable. The arch support was excellent. I normally use orthotic with me shoes, but with this shoes, I don't need too. This shoes is a little bit pricy but it's worth it&#128527;", "These NIkes are great, they are light weight look great and fit really great. They are pretty true to size.", "Three things: this shoe is great for those of us who wish we could be barefoot at all times, it is very well made, and if you have wider toes, this shoe will work for you!", "I love this shoe! I work in the medical field and I walk a lot during a typical work day. I strive to find a shoe that is comfortable enough  to wear for 8-10 hours a day without discomfort - well this shoe fits the bill! It is so lightweight, it feels like I have slippers on. I love the flexibility of the sole and it has just the right amount of support. Great shoe!", "These shoes run exactly half size too small. Both my husband and I needed half size larger. They are terrific shoes. My husband bought two pair!", "Great colors and very comfortable, fit good and they don't stretch out a lot, overall really great product great for casual wear", "So comfortable - I am a size 8 almost all the time and was told that they would run small, but I ordered an 8 anyway. They fit perfectly fine if I wear thinner socks, but I love them!", "I bought the black ones for 100$ at my local sports store, I don't know why they're so high on amazon. They are really light weight and have a soft supportive cushion. I definitely recommend these for a lower price.", "I always use 7.5 nike running shoes but those are bit tight. The shipping was expedited. If you use a 7.5 i recomend a 8", "I'm a fan of shoes and Nike is one of the best out there love the color and the comfort.", "Fits like a glove. Very comfortable. Love the bright orange color. Just wish the sensor was included for the price.", "Love everything about the shoes, but it fits much smaller than normal size.  You would need at least 1 size bigger.", "These shoes are great for all sorts of sports - very stable and comfortable and cute!  I highly recommend them.", "Amazing one and very nice color but i would need 1/2 size addition to fit me correctly....but i love it", "This will be the third pair of Nike 5.0 free sneakers.  When you find a pair of shoes that work for you, stay with them.", "These are my go-to sneakers. I put them on in the morning and they stay on my feet until I arrive home at late afternoon. Seriously, they are the most comfortable running shoes I own. Plus, they're cute/trendy. Perfect match!I reccommend these to anyone that walks around the city all day long and can afford to wear sneakers to work (I do!).Keep in mind they run a whole size small. I wear size US 8 (UK 6.5, EUR 39-40) and had to get these in US 9. I had tried them on in size 8.5 (in a colour I didn't like) and they were waaay too narrow for me.", "They look perfect!*.*I love the color but They are a Bit to small and were a Bit dirty at the back when I get them..:(", "Very comfy, my toes can freely breath in this pair. I recommend this shoes to anyone who want a very comfortable condition while walking and work out at gym.I bought a size 8.5, which my usual shoe size and I like my shoes to be a bit bigger than my toes, however this one was smaller than usual 8.5 women shoe size. So, the size is a bit tight for me.", "I really like the light weight of the shoe and the look.  It just seems to run small for regular sizing.", "The Shoes are very light and comfortable, however I should have taken the advise and ordered it in a half size larger.", "Love these sneakers! They fit like a sock with tread. I got a size 7 because that is my usual size but I would suggest a half size up if u like to wear a sock.", "These shoes are great. They are light, flexible. I recommend it for people who like the weightless feel. . They are very comfortable. These shoes run small, so be sure to order a half a size up. Im an 8.5 and according to other reviews regarding the sizing, I chose to not think twice, and order the 9. The 9 fits like a glove. Im happy with the purchase and I will definitely purchase them in more colors in the future:)", "I have gone through many running shoes over the years from running track, cross country, and local races.  Ive tried many diferent brands and styles and they either werent comfortable or didnt hold up very long.  I tried the highly recommeneded Frees and I LOVE them!!  They are so lightweight and comfortable and I love the low ankle. Other members said they run small but mine fit true to size (7.5).", "I orderd the wrong one,, I suppose to order the men's, and suppose to be 11 1/2 size, not the women shoes ..", "quality of the product is impeccable and looks actually even better in real than with the screen colors (from computer)", "These shoes are so comfortable, When I wear them i feel like im not wearing any shoes at all thats how comfty thesse shoes are.", "Awsome shoes they fit perfectly best shoe I have ever brought I recommed that u buy this shoe !!!!--- !!!", "I love these shoes!  I've always worn Nike shoes (mainly Shox) but these are AMAZING!  So comfortable and flexible.  Love the neon yellow color too.  I would order a half size larger though, as most people said, these shoes run small.  I'm typically a 9 in their other shoes but I need a 9.5 for these.  Absolutely recommend to others!!!", "The shoes are fine tgat particular type of shoe does nt yave wide width. But there is webbing and tjey will stretch", "Followed reviews and got a half size bigger.  They fit great, I may have been fine with my regular size because I have such narrow feet.  I'm obsessed with the neon color.  OBSESSED!", "i really love this sneakers but i need it only 8.5 size (((( please i really really want it )", "Love these &#34;Free&#34; ... Light to the point of almost weightless.i'll be ordering another pair. The hot color is awesome, too.", "I bought these for a friend for her birthday. She LOVES them and wears them daily. They are extremely light and are so cute! She said they are great and the best birthday gift she has ever gotten :)", "I bought these shoes because I loved their look, and I love these shoes because they fit and feel great. They offer excellent arch supports and are super comfortable. I ordered a half-size larger than I normally wear because they were out of stock in my size. I'm glad I did, because the shoes were a little snug. If you aren't sure what size to order, I'd go with the larger size.", "Not available in stores in this color where I live, so Amazon saved the day once again.  Bought 1/2 size larger as advised on the reviews.  Perfect fit, perfect price, perfect shoes!", "The shoes are great, shipping was very quick and I ordered 1/2 size larger than I normally wear however they still fit snug.  I will be exchanging for a larger shoe.", "Absolutely love these shoes. They fit perfectly, they are absolutely wonderful. I highly recommend this product. It is extremely well made.", "I recommend those workout shoes to everyone. Outstanding, very comfortable and you will love them and will workout at the gym longer than you did it before!!", "These are like walking on air! I have 5 pairs of this style and can say that I have never had a better pair of running shoes! They are so light on your feet it's like you don't have shoes on and yet are so soft to walk on. I did buy 1/2 size larger than my normal running shoe.", "These are the most comfortable running shoes I have ever worn. Bought another pair in a nuetral color for casual wear.  I read reviews that they run a little small so ordered a half size larger and they're perfect.", "This was a Christmas gift for a friend`s daughter. She has said they fit her well and likes them. She runs for her high school track team.", "I know the review title is kind of silly and maybe a bit provocative, but, it is just the plain truth! My feet are pretty much never happy. I have very high arches and could never get used to wearing orthotics, so, my feet perpetually crave a massage. When I started running a while back, this became even more of a problem. I bought a pair of shoes that were supposed to have a lot of support and cushioning (since I am a big girl), but they felt like anvils on my feet. I knew I needed a lighter shoe, but in most cases lighter means less cushion and support. For smaller, flat-footed people, those shoes work fine, but not me. I did a lot of research and tried a shoe that was supposed to be a sort of transitional shoe from the standard running shoe to barefoot running and also have a high arch. The shoes felt ok, and were certainly light, but I definitely felt the lack of support, stability and cushion and wound up with sore knees for hours after each run. So, I went back online, did tons more research and then headed to the sporting goods store to try on shoes. From the moment I put these shoes on and felt how they hugged my arches, I was in love. But, they are kind of minimal shoes and I was worried that they would also result in my suffering with sore knees or hips. Instead of buying these \"send my arches to heaven\" shoes, I did more research and compared the cushion, support and stability ratings with other more traditional shoes that were recommended for heavy runners. This shoe held it's own in pretty much every category...and it was a good 2-3 ounces lighter, too! Finally, I felt comfortable buying the shoes my arches fell in love with.I've since run in them several times and spent a day walking in them, too. They are, quite simply, the best shoes my feet have ever been in. I have never gotten that \"anvils for shoes\" feeling, and never had sore knees or hips. In fact, despite their low profile/thin sole, these shoes feel more supportive and cushioned than my other clunkers with a huge sole. I absolutely adore these shoes! But, I would caution anyone considering these shoes to do their homework, go to a local store to try them on and run around a bit in them. Everyone's feet are different and the extra step could save you from the disappointment, pain and hassle I had with my other running shoe purchase.", "Fit was small. Recommend going up a size. Had to give these to my daughter to wear. They look good on her!", "If it weren't for my toes hitting the top edge of shoe, I would give it five stars.Otherwise I love the color, style, and how comfy they are.", "Awesome shoes! They fit great and are super comfortable. I hope more colors come in as I will purchase more!", "Love these shoes. Light weight, comfortable & breathable. Ordered them as I have two more pair in different colors. I needed orange. None of these have disappointed. I always order these a half size larger than I wear. If you are running or doing a lot of walking, you need the extra room. Great tennis shoe. I do like Nike.", "My feet feel really happy while I am walking in these shoes! I ordered a larger size after I read the reviews and I'm glad I did!", "I love my new shoes, they are very comfortable. I need this comfort so I can work 2 miles a day. And I love the color!!", "I'm a huge Nike fan. I bought these shoes 3 years ago and forgot to leave feedback (sorry). These were my favorite shoes to play basketball in. Super light and supportive. However, Nike has put out newer models of the shoe since my purchase.", "These are the most comfortable tennis shoes I have ever worn.  I purchased a pair 1 1/2 years ago, and since they are starting to get a little dingy and worn, I had to have another pair.  If they had more colors, I would buy a pair in every color!", "My Godson is so cute in these. His foot is really wide and he is comfortable in them. They arrived on time and they are true to form as seen on screen.", "These are the most comfortable shoes I've ever worn! Seriously! Even more than the Air Max (s) That I've owned.One word of caution though, the Air sole(?) in front isn't very durable and if you lift lots of weights and cycle with it you could end up bursting it.", "This shoe is a classic and it fits even better than before. the look is a crazy as always but i love the mash-up look. Good comfort and padding in this one.", "I ALWAYS LOVE THIS SHOE AND IM SO HAPPY THAT THIS COMPANY HAD THEM,AT FIRST I DIDNT THINK THESE GUYS WERE THE REAL THING BUT THEY SHOWED ME THAT THEY WERE(BIG SMOOV)HARLEM NYC.", "I have had these in the past and have looked all over at many many stores for them.  I with buying them over the internet was not the only way to get them.", "These shoes are adorable.  When I was hunting for MJ stuff i came across these and had to buy them for my cousin who was expecting a baby boy.  He is a die hard MJ fan and was thrilled with the gift.  The quality, as expected, is amazing.  Highly recommend!", "these are my favor shoes i order i love the color of them the best shoes i ever had so far i like the way they make your feet feel when you wear them they never hurt my feet ever if i wanted another pair of shoes its would be these shoes that how much i loved them alot", "excelente me gustaron y llegaron en perfecto estado llegaron con caja y todo no me quejo fue lo que esperaba", "If you want to wear sneakers with the feel of a leather formal shoes,this shoes are for you.  The shoe sizing also sucks.  I ordered my shoe size,11US, and they sent me shaq's.just exaggerating...it's like a size 12 and I had to put extra padding inside. But with the extra padding which makes me uneasy coupled with the leathery feel,I never wore them more than 2x. Bye bye money!", "I love the color of these shoes and how comfortable they are.  These are my third pair of this model of Nike Free Run and probably my 30th pair of Nike Free Run in total.  I love how comfortable Nike Free Run shoes are and how flexible/forgiving/and pliable they are!  In my opinion makes for a very comfortable workout and walking shoe.", "Grandson found these online and loved them.. He wears a size 13, which is hard to fine in local stores.", "I fell in love with the Air Max 2009. When Nike changed the Air Max construction for 2010 & 2011, they just weren't as comfortable to me, and obviously to many others too. That's why Nike went back to a more 2009 design for 2012. To avoid being left with having to settle on future pairs of uncomfortable shoes, I splurged and bought 3 different pairs of these shoes over a few weeks time. Buy a pair and you'll know what I'm talking about", "These seem to be just like the Air Max shoes sold in the stores. They seem to be every bit as authentic. I have had many pairs of Air Max shoes that were purchased over the years (starting around 1995), and I also purchased a cheap pair that looked exactly like the air max but were from some seller over seas (not through Amazon mind you). That pair were horrible feeling on the feet and I could totally tell a difference. So with that being said, this pair does not feel like a knock off. They feel completely authentic. They have held up well to lots of abuse so far from me. I would definitely buy these again.", "These are great shoes, but in this case the air in sole of the right shoe went flat.  Only had the shoes for about two weeks.  I returned and received a prompt refund.", "Any running shoe that bears the Air Max Plus moniker should have a well-cushioned, beefy platform. Unfortunately, this particular model does not and is a disappointing, radical departure from the Air Max Plus heritage that had been the \"Cadillac of running shoes\".This shoe is lightweight with a mostly breathable mesh upper. The platform itself has a lighter, more cheaply-made feel than the traditional Tuned Air chassis. After about 50 miles of use, I had to replace the inner sole with a Dr. Scholl's Athletic cushion, to provide more shock absorption when running. It should be noted that I have never had to replace the inner soles of the traditional Air Max Plus before, which have all been subject to about 500 miles of hard use; the old chassis design had always been able to take the pounding.I'm not quite sure what the philosophy was behind this running shoe. A separate model should have been made, with the express purpose of being a lightweight, mediocre-cushioned running shoe. In essence, the tradition of the Air Max Plus series should have been retained because the Air Max + 2012 sorely misses the mark and, in fact, is more reminiscent of the Reebok Zig-Pulse than anything else.For the money, it is far less than adequate.", "Love these shoes. Very comfortable and lightweight. The upper mesh part of the shoes gives my feet a breathable feel. It fits very well and offers good support.", "Not a fan of these nikes. I should have stuck with my air max nikes. I need five more words to submit.", "I ' m 5' 8\" tall & 165 lbs weight , I brought this shoes on March 20 ,2013, shaft to run with its everyday with 1 hr, and running on smooth jogging path. But very disappointed about it.  Because the bottom rubber of shoes's heels appeared seriously worn and eventually the air pad heel was broken on May 8 2013. It caused me lost of support & balancing to my feet.The shoes only workable for 39 days. Premium price & poor product durability. It make me lost of confidence & reliability  about Nike running shoes.", "Bought these online but Nike shoes have fit me well regardless of what type it it (shox, free, air max) as long as I get my size.Quite comfortable as one can imagine by looking at them. Kinda like walking on a supportive cloud. If they last as long as my shox (9 yrs and going) it's a good bargain. My frees wore down pretty fast in comparison", "I'm the kind of person that loves colourful things, so I got these shoes and I'm in love with them :) they are very comfortable for a normal day and they also draw a lot of attention :)", "I wear a 10, I got 10.5 and they are tight around the bridge of my feet. But I just got them and they'll probably wear in. Nicely made, good quality otherwise. But if these don't relax after a bit I may have to return them.", "I have owned several pairs of Kobe's shoes and these are my favorite. Everyone was scared when he said he was coming out with a low top shoe. Well these aren't that low. They feel great and fit perfect. They are pretty wide so I have to really crank them down to fit my skinny foot, so the wide shoe might be a plus if you have a wider foot. I have the Kobe Zoom V's and I LOVE these a lot better. I think they are the perfect height, weight, and look. These are a great basketball shoe.", "im pretty sure these shoes are fake...i ordered a pair and got a glued together shoe with athletic south written all over it", "I am a female long distance runner. I love the men's 5.0 --nice roomy footbed, smooth ride. This is my second pair. I go up half a size they run a bit small.", "These shoes are the best! I wear them mostly everyday, going to school. They never fail & i've had them for over a year now.They fit around your foot like a glove & keep you relaxed while walking, it's like nothing is there!", "These shoes fit a little snug at first, but after a few wears, you will love them. They are so comfortable that I bought another pair, one to wear out and one for work. You really cant go wrong, these are lightweight and really don't get that dirty. If there is some dirt on the white sole anywhere you can wipe it off and if it doesn't wipe off then use a white eraser and that should get most of it out. They are very durable and stay looking brand new after many wears. I've owned Asics, Reebok, and Under Armour shoes, as well as many pairs of Nike's and I have to say that these are the most comfortable. I probably will not be getting rid of these anytime soon, I really love these shoes. They have so many colors and their at an affordable price, the red color is a little lighter than it appears in the picture.", "I will preface this by saying shoes are pretty subjective.  Obviously everyone has their own preferences and fit will differ wildly.This is my second pair of Nike Frees.  I had some 4.0s and loved them, and when I finally wore them out I picked up a pair of thesebecause I figured they would be similar and I liked the available colors.  When I received my new 5.0s, I was very impressed by the look and style.  Unfortunately, for a running or fitness shoe, look and style are secondary to fit and performance.  I was pretty disappointed in these as soon as I put them on, and I should have sent them back, but I convinced myself that they just needed to break in.  Well, 5 months later and I still don't like them.  I ordered these a half size up from my normal size as I did with my 4.0s, and they are still too small.  I would have been happier with a full size over my normal size as they are a little too tight.I'm done with these shoes but I will gladly try Nike Frees again.  However, it will be a at a store where I can try them on.", "My son loved these shoes they are true to size and the price was ok...Nike is something my kids wear most of the time", "Great casual shoes and are pretty comfy!  They were shipped very fast and I will def buy again! Very satisfied.", "I usually buy Vans because I like the comfort, style, grip, and durability. However, I went out on a limb and tried Nike because I heard their line of skate shoes was pretty good. When I bought these I did not skate, however, two months later I picked it up. Normally, skaters go through shoes pretty consistently, if they're good enough to at least ollie. I was not. Over the course of a month, the sole of my shoe wore down until there was huge gaping hole in the bottom. Now, bare in mind, I did nothing technical. No jumps, tricks, or any of that. I was just learning the basics... like rolling and stopping. However, the sole wore down until it was a smooth surface which could grip nothing. The same would have happened if I didn't skate, it just would have taken about three months longer. I do not recommend these shoes, especially for the 60$ price tag. If you're buying for style, sure, go for it I guess. If you do skate, do not buy them under any condition.", "i got these shoes at famous footwear, and they are good shoes. the only problem i have is that the insole is too thin, but that can be fixed", "This shoe is light weight and comfortable. It is neutral in color so it goes with just about anything. My son has enjoyed them.", "Very nice looking shoe but the shoe is actually white and blue not white and black. It is hard to tell in the photo. Returned shoe as my son needs a white and black shoe.", "These are good shoes until the air pockets leak. Then they're worthless. I've had a couple of Air Max shoes and the first thing to wear out on them both was the air pockets. Wouldn't get them again. Only lasted a couple of months of playing indoor.", "the zoom air cushioning is responsive and bouncy.  the padding around the ankle takes a little getting used to but does keep the foot locked down into the shoe probably better than any other basketball shoe i've played in.  things were really looking up for this being a GREAT shoe to hoop in.  BUT there's one HUGE design flaw that I painfully found out about.  on the lateral side of the shoe (where the jumpman logo is) there are a bunch of overlapping parts that all gather together at one point and create a hard sharp point right where the outer part of your pinky toes are.  this is not really a problem if your just walking in them but after playing ball in them for a short while your notice it and if you keep playing that hard point will begin to painfully poke into your pinky toes and scrape them.", "These sneakers did not hold up to well. They tore at the seams and became very dirty quick after wearing for 3 months", "Absolutely perfect! Color, size, arrived super quickly.. I wear a women's size 6 and ordered a kid's size 4, and they fit great. Definitely ordering from this seller again, thank you! :)", "I always loved 95's so decided to get this color this time.  great quality of shoe but probably should have brought a half size smaller.  Its crazy...they run small but the run big at the same time.  I'll probably purchase another pair but just go a half size smaller next time around.", "I love the fact that these shoes lace up. This is a hard option to find. Great arch support and he loves them!", "I purchased these for Christmas for my 11-year-old grandson and he adores them!  He typically destroys shoes in a matter of weeks but not these -- they are sturdy, well-fitting and, in his words, \"the coolest.\"  When unable to find his size (Y-7) in local stores, I searched Amazon and I am glad I did -- there was a better selection of colors and sizes and they were less expensive then I had seen in stores. I'll be back.", "great shoe! comfy and stylish. almost as comfortable as the regular Nike Free (hence a 4 star rating, but more like a 4.5). It's heel is a little higher than the running shoe.", "Poor quality, I had the same shoes and these ones do not look like mine. I mean the quality is not the same like my old ones. But the shipping was OK.", "these are really cool but they are very stiff, i would not recommend these for walking long periods", "ordered for my girlfriend she loved them", "once again Nike didnt fail me on quality, true to size and looked exactly like the picture shown so no dissapointment for my son. I am sure these like all the other Nike shoes I buy will last a long time. Thank you amazon for quick shipping and great products. You never let me down!", "nice, comfortable and it lasted......at first i tought it was a little too colorful but it looks just nice.Its a smooth ride, one of the most comfortable sneakers i ever wore!", "I think these are the ugliest pair of shoes, but I'm not the one who is wearing them - my grandson loves them.", "I bought these shoes for my niece. She loves them! They were priced well and the quality of the shoe is good. Great buy!", "ILove these boots, unfortunately , they are not my size. I would so wear them if I could find them in my size but I have looked everywear. No luck... These would be great for gym, or even zumba as they have the right sole. The shaft is really narrow  so if you have really skinny calves they will work for you. I ended up giving my pair to a really cool gradeschool girl... I recieved these boots with no packing slip, nor any way to return them, really.", "i like the color,i liked how comfortable it was, it fit perfectly, but i ruined them i wish i could buy this shoe again", "I had previously purchased another pair of Nike's for my husband, however, they were too small and too narrow.  I then purchased these wide Nike's a half size larger than he usually wears and they fit perfectly.  He said that they are the most comfortable tennis shoes he has ever owned.  They are also very nice looking.", "i love these shoes and the price was great! they fit perfect, and i love the color. i wear them all the time, highly recommend them!", "these shoes are very very very nice im hard on shoes and i mean HARD on shoes and these lasted me a good while ive upgraded to the Jumpman H series another very nice shoe love both", "This Nike is a very good product. The insole is comfortable, and designed creatively cut with added detail of navy blue and white to simulate the school book.", "Oh, how I love these shoes! The color is sharp/beautiful and everything came in good condition. The shoes are pretty close to the picture except the bottom 'white' part of the shoe is actually a little more purple hue than what is shown. I don't mind though; it still looks great! I got these shoes for running, so I hope that they hold up. The inside of the shoe is ribbed and the sole is very sturdy/comfortable. I got them in my normal shoe size, and they fit perfectly. The only complaint I'd have about the shoe is the tongue. It is stitched into the shoe so it doesn't move. While this really isn't a huge issue since the shoe fit well, it could be an issue for someone deciding between sizes. Since it doesn't move for comfort, you may consider going up a half size. All in all, great buy, and I can't wait to wear them!!", "I have bought these sneakers and boy what a great purchase. They are durable and very comfortable. Most of all they look great. I chose the color red because of its rich shade. When I wear these shoes they grab attention and boy do they grab attention. Overall these shoes look great. They run true to size and as I said before they are comfortable and don't take very long to break in. Based on my experience thus far I would recommend these shoes to anyone with an interest in great quality and comfort. Whether you are serious basketball player or someone who wants a great looking and comfortable sneaker then this is for you. They also come in a fantastic Blue and Tennis Ball Yellow. However younmay find the YellowVersion hard to maintain as they tend to get dirty quickly due to it's bright color. I would recommend the Blue or the Red for everyday use as dirt does'nt really show that quickly on these colors.", "Bought these because I like Nike, and I am very happy to say that, 3 yrs later, they are still in great condition, still comfy, and still look great. Very pleased!", "Extra material on the inside pressed against my toes.. Kinda hurt, and hard to find and get scissors inside to cut the extra material...", "my nike shoe is beautiful, fits me perfect is super comfortable to walk also aesthetically very nice design and the colors are more beautiful than the picture. highly recommended 10 points for the seller", "I bought these shoes and they were everything I expected and more! They are very light weight and comfortable and I love the color! I  would highly recommend these shoes!", "I have tried several different shoes that were a bit less in cost, but I always come back to Nike.  Like all their other shoes, they fit me perfectly, the support in the arch is in the right place and the support of my feet is great.  We walked 15-20 miles a day in these and they breath well, and at the end of the day, I didn't have any blisters, or other issues with my feet as I often do with other brands.", "My Grandaughter likes her shoes very much.She thinks they are so cool. I think she isso cute in them.", "OMG!!! Service was so fast!! I got my shoes today, and I ordered them on Sat. 6. The shoes are awesome! Comfortable, stylish and  so damn cute!! But, I would advise to order a half a size larger than your regular size. Love them, my 4th pair of Nike Cortez I've purchased in a month.", "Didnt realize it was blue from the pic!! But  a Nike is still a Nike so its a good quality shoe overall!!", "The shoe looks like a real Nike shoe, but once you touch it, it's all down hill. The material is man made; there are no markings on the tongue; the stamps inside don't match and one is placed very off center. There should be a SKU inside the shoe that matches the box. Not! The label that is inside doesn't say &#34;Nike,&#34; it says &#34;MADE IN VIETNAM&#34; in all caps. Our family has been through dozens of Nikes through the years and these are clearly fakes.", "I just wanted a nice shoe to wear to work out. These look nice and didnt cost me a fortune! I could actually where them in public. I would totally recommend them to those who are looking for a nice pair of shoes and dont want to break the bank :)", "Excelente producto, tal como lo promocionan, producto de calidad, buenos tiempos de entrega, el producto bien empaquetado llego en perfectas condiciones", "The shoes look so fresh in person its crazy. when you're on the court you feel like the shoe is part of you. I don't see how any shoe can top this in terms of style and performance. Definitely worth what you pay. The traction is not as good as the 4's ( of course no shoe's traction will be) but there's still plenty to keep you from slipping. Great, extremely comfortable shoes that you HAVE TO GET.", "I bought this for my boyfriend for his birthday. He plays college basketball and I wanted to get him something he can practice in. He LOVED them! He said they are really comfortable and his feet didn't hurt after he was done. The design is also very nice. =)", "I wanted to buy a sledgehammer to soften these shoes up, but they were cheap so it's not worth it.  They look good.  Don't feel good though, chaffing, rigidity, ouch", "I love these shoes. They are the greatest thing since I wore converse basketball shoes in the 1960's and the 1970,s. No strings to break nor to ever buy again. The comfort is great. The color was not as shocking as I would of supposed and people come up to me and tell me they love my shoes and ask me where I got them, and I tell them, \" From Amazon.com\" from \"soulmonster\" I fully intend to buy more and probly long before this pair wears out. They are quick to place on and easy to let air out. They are not overly tight and I am 51 years old and have had problem with feet swelling in other shoes but not in these. I do add a slight layer of an insole from another older pair of shoes that I cut to size. Just cause I weigh 272 pounds and needed a little more padding. I recomend these shoes to anyone whom is diabetic or has standing problems with need of ankle support. They arived in less than 4 days from the order date even though it said it would take up to 2 weeks for delivery. Thank you for a great pair of shoes. \"Faboulous!\"", "Fit perfect, very well made, highly recommend for adult or kid. Wearing very well on an active 12 year old that plays a lot of ball", "My son and daughter both love the Huarache for Softball and Baseball. Great shoe! they both love the mid sole and the ankle protection.", "nice pair of sneakers to wear when i go out. they look fly, and are really comfortable as well. i wear a size 13 and have wide flat feet and these shoes fit me pretty well for a regular pair of sneakers, usually skate shoes are all i can wear.", "Clean J's for my 3 year old son. Even though when he unwrapped them he did not even open the shoe box.. All he did was see the shoe box, and say \"Jordans\", put the box to the side and opened more gifts.  lol", "I looked all over for a simple water sandle with a quick disconnect buckle. This one has that and is surprisingly comfortable as well. I wore mine all day wandering arround Sea World and got soaked and dried several times. It provides just enough protection to avoid some of those little toe stubs that hurt so much too. Always comfortable and light. Costs a bit too much though.", "Love this pair of sneakers!  It's the lightest pair of tennis shoes I've ever had!!  I bought 1 first, then 2 more after.*Wish it wouldnt break so easily by the small toe (where the soft clothes and hard plastic meets)and hoping for darker colours.*", "las tennis son especiales para el basketball ya que te agarran todo el pie y te lo envuelve, pero no le doy un 5 porque trae una diferencia entre los dibujos traseros de cada tenni, n son exactamente iguales", "I bought these shoes for my husband. He says they are a good quality, comfortable pair of basketball boots. He has a reasonably wide foot, so he found them somewhat narrow initially, but they have stretched over time. He plays basketball twice a week and says the shoes are perfect for this purpose.", "My nephew runs more or less 4 seconds faster each lap. It was its first spikes and he loved them.", "I bought these for my husband and within a few months all of the blue paint on the sole was gone!", "I have found the quality of Nike golf shoes makes them worth every penny you pay for them.  After multiple rounds of golf, they feel comfortable and hardly show and signs of wear. (No scuffs or creases)", "I love these sneakers, bought them for my first born, but they are too narrow for my older son. I had to put them done for my younger son. He will be wearing them in a couple of months.", "These are one of the most comfortable pair of golf shoes I've owned.  I've received numerous compliments on the looks. I highly recommend these shoes.  Excellent price point!", "Best sandals I ever bought.  I think they have now changed style and makes me sad.  Would purchase over and over.", "my son wears a 3 in shoes and so i bought the 4 so he can wear them by summer and i got the shoes and try them on him and they r to small so i am going to have to by him anther pair", "Received these shoes fast and was very pleased with their condition - exactly as advertised. Thanks again,", "This shoes are very comfortable, they are also good for playing basketball. The only one thing is they get dirty really fast, so take care of them. They remind me of the 80's and 90's style. There awesome!!", "I ordered a size 8,5 and 9,5 mistakenly sent. I paid so much money for nothing, I could not go back to the shoe because It's more expensive than shoes in my country.", "I didn't receive the exact item I ordered, I sent the vendor an E-mail to make sure I get the exact item, they told everything was fine but in the end it was a lie, they just wanted to make sure the sale is concreted.It was other design and color, different to the picture displayed when I was completing the purchase.", "I wear these shoes not only to exercise, but for errands and even a casual evening out. They could not be more comfortable.", "Great product and great dealer, I had no problems ordering or receiving this product I am very pleased with the seller and the product I recommend doing business with them.", "I love this blazer models of Nike and I fell in love with this shoe when I first saw it. The shiny back, the greys, the pinks, they suit very well. I usually wear size 6.5 but only a size 7 was left in stock. Thinking that my other Nike was size 7, I decided to purchase this one. Result: Size 6.5 would be much better, however the puffy inside of this shoe made size 7 OK.", "I BOUGHT THESE SHOES FOR MY BOYFRIEND FOR HIS BIRTHDAY.  HE WAS IN DESPARATE NEED OF NEW SHOES.  HE LIKES THEM A LOT.  THE ONLY THING THAT WE WOULD CHANGE WOULD BE HAVING THEM AVAILABLE IN WIDE SIZES.", "Faster shipping would have been nice.  But overall, we're very happy with the shoes.", "Great stylish shox. Although they squeaked quite a bit a first they have now been broken in and have quit. The only thing that I even remotely dislike about them is that since they are made out of a leather material they are beginning to get creases and wrinkles but overall great shoe.", "very stylish and receive compliments on em every time i hoop. the cushioning comfort in the sole could have been better. bought som in-soles. also the mid covers the ankle for support moderately-but work perfectly with my ankle braces. strap over the top of the foot can be a little tight at times, and hoped it could be higher. great grip on indoor courts. all in all, descent shoe for playing ball.", "Great styling, reminiscent of the Nike hi-tops of the 80s. Fits comfortably, albeit it took an hour of wear to break them in.", "I ordered the Yellow ones and they came in less than a week. So far so good, comfortable and light. The only thing I found was that just be weary of the color running on your sock when first breaking them in. Other than that they're great!", "I bought these for my son so that he would match his dad who has the same pair of shoes.  He absolutely loves them and calls them his daddy shoes.", "Classic, elegant, and very comfortable ...... my son loves this model ...... and now I buy it for my grandson!", "Adorable little shoes. My son loves them and we get so many compliments! Only little concern is that lace up shoes are a little inconvenient for a toddler but the look and comfort outweigh the inconvenience. Will definitely buy Shaun one he out grows these.", "delivered on time and the product was exactly what I was looking for.  Would definately buy from this seller again.", "I buy just about everything from Amazon because of the high quality of the vendors. I rarely return items but when I have it has always been with a full refund and the vendors have always been quick and curteous. My experience with Sneakers4u was the exact oppposite.First they never responded to my first email requesting a a refund. They answered my second email and I followed their refund instructions exactly. They decided to take 10% of my order even though I returned the sneakers untouched 2 days after I received it. Their policy says they can keep a restocking fee at their discretion, not sure how they can conceivable justify this but somehow in their mind they did.They are a bunch of crooks, do not buy anything from them, there are plenty of vendors who won't try to keep your money for nothing.", "Liked the shoes but got the wrong size! No problem I figured Id just return them. Well They came from overseas with no free returns! I would have to ship them myself, so ended up having to sell them for half the cost!", "Great shoe, good support--my ankle and knee pain are gone. But the lining is rubbing against my instep as I run causing some new blisters. Otherwise it would have been a 5.Also, I did not realize this was an overseas shipment. Still it was here in a little under 2 weeks--not too bad for international shipping.", "good buy good timing no complaines, it was a pleasant deal ! you all can buy with a lot of confidence and you wont be sorry", "They are cute shoes, and i got them before the time they told me i would receive them in great condition.", "Fit great....and so well made.  But what else would be expected from Nike.Would buy and buy and buy again................at least when he grows out of these-lol.", "This shoe was a great price for toddler Nike sneakers. Loved to shoe for my 2 year old. Would recommend for any parent to buy for child.", "This was an excellent buy,perfect fit and the Quality awesome.My son absolutely loves this shoes I would recommend this shoes to any one.", "Bought these for my 14 yr-old to use as his basketball game shoes, and although they've lost all of the games so far 0-8, his feet seem very satisfied.", "This shoe is so uncomfortable i want my money back. The shoe is so wide, I have thin feet make shoes that will fit me", "Boots fit great, feel great & look great. Said they are black but the are dark grey. Very very cool. :)", "Aren't these the ACG/Goadomes.  Its the same shoe, whats with the different name?  I'm lost here, is there something I'm missing?", "these shoes arereallly nice and came in as expected, the box itcame in looked old and bet up and made me worry but when i opened it there was some nice pairs of kicks in it. i would recomend as the beat up box did absolutly nothing to the soe itself", "Nice pair of sneakers. Pippens feel great to walk in and are super stylish..... definitely some of my favorite sneakers. Only wish the original white &black was also out", "Purchased these for my teen, he loved them. I ended up getting them in red and black as well,so a big hit.", "these sneakers are great for wide and/or flat feet.they easy fit an orthotic.great support for the pounding up and down the court.", "I love all of the nike air rifts. They are extremely hard to find in regular stores so had to search online. I currently own this one and it is super comfortable but wearing out because i wear it everyday and can't find it in stores. I get lots of complements on them whenever i go out in them i think because they bring out my tan lol. I tried a pair in the same color right before i bought these but the left side felt off so i convinced the sales guy to let me have the right side in that pair to pair with the left in the 2nd pair and voila! Perfect fit! Some rifts are softer than others and are made from diffeent materials so choose the most comfy and stick with that type. I tried others and wanted to love them but they were just too hard. There is another metallic gold that is more of a sheen gold than this pair which has more of tiny little iridescent squares which are gold but also reflect varying colors. Love it! I wish i could find them but I'm only writing this review because i did a search on gold rifts and only the metallic came up. I want this pic to be in my account on amazon so if it ever becomes available i can get it. If you ever get a  chance to try on in the store do it because it has to feel like second skin or you will hate it. Trust me. I have a new black one in my closet that is a pain to keep on more than a minute but i'm convinced I'll break it in one day. I'd hate to see a rift go to waste. Oh and 2 more things : i had to buy a padded insole because i felt i wasnt getting enough arch support and secondly you may need to spray on some kinda foot spray because your feet can sweat and end up being stinky after a long day of wearing them. In my research i found someone else that said the same thing so i know it couldnt be my experience alone though i don't remember anyone else mentioning putting in a padded insole.", "i got the product on time no problem.it was too tight for my son so i sent an email and received an ra number_no prob.i paid for my shipping back, hey received it, then i received my credit on my card in 2 weeks_problemi read the fine print that said there is no restocking fee if the unit is in good condition.i sent it back in perfect condition-even the box was in a box and inside another ups box.the shoe was couldn't fit so was never walked on.why was i charged 20 usd for restocking fee?it's a shoe...all shoes fit differently from diffent manufactures.so i lost the shipping charge to get the shoe-no probi lost the shipping charge to return it-no probi lost 20 percent of 100usd- BIG FAT PROBLEM!!!!!!", "My daughters school colors are Black, White and Orange... So for Basketball, we thought these sneakers would be ideal... Unfortunately this color is more of a brick color rather than orange, therefore the 3 stars... Had I had more time before the beginning of Basketball, I would've sent them back but...", "These are hands down speed shoes, that I burn through three pair in a season chasing down receivers.  I'm a fast man-up D-Back that can out run and jump most wide receivers.  Surprise to those guys.  These get me where I need to be.  None lighter or faster.", "I bought these cleats for my son who is playing college football.  He loves the way they fit his feet.  He says they have great arch supports and make his feet fell comfortable even after 6 hours of hard practice.", "I currently own the Speed TD. I really like the shoe cause it's light and great traction. I know a few people who have the Zoom Vapor Carbon Fly TD, so I decided to get a pair as backup since it was cheaper than the $120 price tag at other sites. Haven't had a chance to run around with them yet, but they feel just as light as the Speed TD's I currently use. I also went with a size larger, as I did with the Speed TD, because these shoes run narrow and I want to try and avoid any toe injuries caused by running.", "i use these for rugby and very clean and cool looking! shipped on time and without a hastle. very light and ventilated for being quick on your feet i highly reccommend!", "Cleats provide a supreme contact with the ball, which excels dribbling, passing, and shooting. Strategically placed spikes allow rapid change of movement. Light weight and well-engineered sole construction increases the speed. Tying shoelaces is a bit of a timely process. They are terrific cleats for serious players!", "I have purchased these shoes, because i thought they would have studs for firm ground...but I realized that they don't sell them anymore, plus the shoe was a size to big for me. Other than that, I would have kept the shoes...they are amazingly good for strikers, but however I wouldn't recommend these shoes if you live in a dry area.And by the way, the seller did a great job in shipping this item...but on the other side I am still waiting for my refund. That's why I give this product 4 stars.", "Very nice for parties and to look good haha but not good shoes for long walks but i would recommened this for every jordan shoe collector!", "The shoes arrived on time! The child loved it, the color seem like it would not fade soon. It's a great reminder of the days gone by!", "This sneaker is one of, if not the best basketball shoe I have played in. It is very comfortable and locks the ankle quite well. I wish I could get different colours in this shoe though...The shoe is Great!!", "Nice sneakers but they did not really fit my son so not sure if the Velcro would work right if they fit him or not, I returned them already just waiting for notification that they received them back and return my money.", "Great shoes! My 13 year old son picked them out for his birthday present. They seem to be wearing well and he likes them so much I've caught him wiping them clean after he wears them...that says alot for a 13 year old boy!", "These shoes fit perfectly, look great and are comfortable. Would love to find the white ones with black stripe and red bottoms but looks like that model may be discontinued.", "I bought this shoes thinking it was a turquoise & white, However it was white an another shade of blue but cant complain it looks good fits great!", "I bought a pair of these expensive shoes for my son and they lasted a grand total of 6 weeks! I contacted the seller, but got no help because the sale was more than 30 days ago. I fully expect shoes to wear out, but not after a month and a half. I also expect more than a \"sorry, you need to contact the manufacturer\"I recommend two things, don't buy these shoes and don't buy any other shoes from this seller unless you think they will last less than 30 days.", "My husband is on his feet 12-14 hours 6 days a week and these shoes have saved his back and feet. They were hurting him so much with his previous shoes and these have been amazing support for him. Highly recommend them.", "My son is incredibly picky about comfort.  These shoes are now his everyday shoes.  He also wears them to play basketball.  Given that I can say that they are very durable, too.  We bought them in more than one size.", "make sure when you order this get it a size bigger then you normally get. it is a tight fit but it does break in", "The shoes looked nice and were comfortable, but wore out quickly. My husband has had other Nike products, but all of those lasted much longer.", "I love nike dunks so this purchase was a no brainer, the sneaker fits my size perfectly. This particular dunk is slightly comfortable but not a lot of cushion, if u need that id recommend nike sb dunks which are skateboard shoes...otherwise this sneaker is dor you and dunks come in so many amazing colors and designs", "Love my dunks! It fit so well, and looks nice and slim, not bulky! I got compliments the very first time I wore it. I think Im going to get me some other colors. My new addictin hehe", "Slick looking and durable, the suede tends to get dirty alot but as long as you dont use them to work your good.", "when i recieve the air max 2009 they were brand new still in the box they fit very comfortable and they are just what i wanted i have no complaints", "I purchased these shoes because they are sooo cute! At first they were the most comfortable shoe I'd ever owned. Now I rarely wear them because they hurt my feet if I wear them too long. I wore them often, so it may just be because I wore them out. Unfortunately, I paid too much for them to wear out without a few  years use. It is also important to mention that I have very low arches, therefore it is difficult for me to find shoes that are comfortable. For those of you who have regular arches, I definitely recommend these shoes. They will most likely be much more comfortable for you then they were for me.", "These were comfortable and lasted me all year long. I even machine washed them a few times to keep them clean. The back of the shoe where your foot slides in eventually broke but I got my moneys worth out of the shox", "This seller provided a quality item exactly as advertised. I was more than happy with this. It was a gift. I have ordered other shoes from other sellers and have had problems. This seller was great. I will order from them again.", "I previously had a pair of these Nike running shoes, and I was very satisfied with their style, performance, support, and appearance, therefore I chose to get another pair to replace them.  I received them in a timely manner from the merchant without any hassles.", "I train a lot so I go through a new pair of running shoes every six to eight months.  The first thing I look for in a shoe is comfort, the next thing is support, and the Moto Max 8 has both.  I have wide feet and I was amazed that they fit snug without smashing my feet.  It also had firm and well distributed cushioning so didn't feel like I was lifting little weights when I ran.  Over all it's a great shoe & with a great fit!", "I've had these shoes for a couple of years. It's the 2nd time I've purchased the Nike Air Max Moto line. A few months ago, I bought a couple of other pairs of shoes because it was time to retire my old worn Motos. But, I found myself coming back these shoes. I wear them everywhere. I hate to mow the lawn in them, but they're sooo comfortable. I'm going to have to find another pair of Air Max Motos to replace them.", "I love these sneakers!  Great fit, great support, great cushioning!  And you can't beat the price.  I highly recommend them.", "Great price, fast delivery, but obviously seconds. One shoe has offset top grommets and causes the front of the shoe to pull to one side. However, they feel great and I am wearing them for work.", "These are my favorite sneakers as I have been buying Shox for years. I hope that Nike will continue to make this style of sneaker as it is great for people who stand for many hours or do a lot of walking.", "I am a fan of Nike shox shoes. They dampen the impact when running and save my knees. This model fits perfectly.", "Love Nike shox fit perfect the reflectors around the toe area are sweet!!! And fit perfectly fine. Good price too.", "These are so light and comfortable. My new favorite pair of shoes.", "Thought I had ordered from Zappos so has to pay double postage when I sent them back. I will read more carefully next time.", "They are perfect! Couldn't ask for any better", "I intended to buy these for my job since I walk 10 hours straight but after using them for regular casual use I fell in love with these big time! It gives me the feeling of walking on marshmallows and won't give the owner those dreaded foot aches. I definitely recommend these shoes for anyone who easily gets foot aches because trust me, you just can't go wrong with these. Nike does it again! :)", "I was looking in a store for a shoe to use in outdoor activities and working out and such.  Decided to go with this shoe due to its comfortable fit.  Little did I know that this would turn into the only shoe I wear.  Completely eliminates foot fatigue for me, no pan no aching.  LITERALLY feels like I am walking on clouds.  So comfortable that I came here to Amazon to buy a second pair in black for work where I'm standing and running around as a waiter for 8 hour shifts.  Love these shoes and I highly recommend them, coming from somebody who relies heavily on customer reviews.", "Fit perfect for me (9.5).  Nice and light weight but not flimsy like some super-light shoes that Nike makes.  Excellent for urban running and jogging, dog walking, etc.", "The shoe fits very good and the color is awesome, I like the two-tone matching colors. Thank you very much!", "Was hard to judge by the picture that only small strips of leather are used in construction everything else is synthetic material.The show is light.Sizes on a smaller scale - beware.Overall not too bad.", "NIKE RELENTLESS 3, THEY ARE VERY COMFORTABLE, AS WELL, AS THE OTHER 2 PAIR'S OF NIKE MEN FLEX 2013 RN, (btw,, I forgot to mention one feature, about the Nike Flex, they have arch support.)I ordered a pair, of Nike Relentless 3 w white/Iron Ore/Game Royal/black, they are most definitley, are not what I expected,I expected them to be too narrow, but, to my surprise, from ordering on-line w Amazon, I didnt have to go out, & shop, for the perfect fit, as they are! Thank's Amazon, you're most convenient!!Happy customer, again!Jeffery", "After buying two pairs of Nike shoes these are my favorites, Why the comfort they give me through the day , being that I'm flat footed the sole in these shoes absorb a lot of pressure from my feet ,these Nikes our my choice of  shoes ,looking to purchase another pair other than black.", "I am a mid-distance runner (up to half marathons). I used to buy Nike Air Relentless, then Air Relentless 2, and now Air Relentless 3.  I wish Nike would just keep selling the same sneaker every year instead of constantly changing the name/design.  I buy new sneakers 2 or 3 times a year. I have found a sneaker that fits me well but every year I have to wonder if the 'new' design will still be good for my feet.", "very pleased with them. Extremely comfortable and light weight.", "He really liked them and said they were very comfortable.", "Got these for my husband who has flat feet and uses arch supports. He loves them, and was happy to find that the Nike size 12 fits universally with other shoes he's bought in the past.", "This is my absolute favorite running shoe of all time.  Nike's Zoom Vomero +5 and +6 just do not work for me like these +4s.  They are very hard to find at this point, so I was thrilled when they became available through Amazon.", "These are exactly what I expected. Fantastic. The colors are very brilliant and eye catching, something that seems to be a popular trait these days. The boots have very modern innovations down to the laces which are non-slip and do not come loose easily during game play but also have the old school feel and fit. The cleats are well positioned allowing great balance and best of all the boots are very light weight. One minor complaint is that scuff marks do not come off easily but unless you are fussy about having your boots shiny and new every time you play this shouldn't really matter. All in all a great buy.", "These are a bit tighter than I expected for size 12 cleats, but they are the perfect size as snug is a good thing for cleats. I've been able to wear them for sports immediately, without any breaking in period, playing 2 hours at a time without pain.I do wish they would &#34;break in&#34; more quickly, as they do pinch my left toes after about 2 hours.These are replacing a pair of Nike &#34;Air Ninety II&#34; cleats. I much prefer the feel, flexibility and cleat pattern of that older pair, but they gave out very quickly (with a rip above my big toe) and I can no longer find that model in any case.", "I wore this size before in another shoe, but this one was too small. nonetheless they were gracious and gave me a refund when i returned it.", "If you wear 11, take 11 1/2", "They are really good cleats and they have a nice touch. The only thing that is bad is that everyone will want them.", "Hard to find a shoe in size 15! Can always depend on Nike and Amazon to have what I need", "I'm usually a 10.5 on Nike shoes, these run small. I would go at least a half size up. The cleats are slightly longer on them compared to other shoes, great for grass fields, but they may be a bit tough for turf.", "Always love nikes they fit perfectly on my foot and allways support the arch. I am using them to run in AFghanistan soo i am impressed with the quality and high durability of the product. Thanks nike!", "I bought these shoes for my son as a Christmas gift and he loves them.  They are sturdy and well made.  Although with shipping and tax they were they were rather expensive they are worth it!", "They're shoes, so there isn't much to say.  They're a bit narrow with flat arches. I bought them for the look, so I was pleased.", "A staple for true Air Max fans.  Kind of lame that foot locker is pushing them these days but such a great looking shoe.", "They run small and are almost &#34;too&#34; white seem brighter than the collar on the website. also not made out of regular air 90 materials, not bad infact seems to be nicer like a nylon kinda feel to it.", "I really like these sneakers, they fit perfect and look good on me. Its been hard trying to find a decent pair of sneaks that look good on a size 15 feet. They arrived on time, as they should have. I will be buying the blue pair soon enough. I wore these while in Jamaica and they fit comfortable and I was able to walk in them for a long period of time. Great buy", "Ive owned a pair for over a year now and all I can say is that these shoes are my favorite. At first I thought these were basketball sneakers but they are made for running, however, they are actually good for all sports, walking and jogging.Here's a list of how great they are.-They are extremely comfortable and provide a great deal of support.The air bubble and foam sole provide for an effective shock absorber.-I notice a boost in my sprinting when I wear these versus other shoes.The curvature of the sole and its tread gave me the extra push.-I stepped in toe-deep puddles several times and my foot is always dry.Layers of padding and reinforcement can protect from the elements.-They are light but with a strong build.They feel as if they are part of my foot,-And they look better than most running shoes.In my humble opinion.Overall: Out of all the shoes Ive owned these ranked highest in comfort and functionality. They are so good I just had to share a positive review.side note: To insure a perfect fit, always try a pair in a store before you buy online. That goes for any shoe.", "tHESE SNEAKERS LOOK GREAT. THEY fit perfectly. i have them in white and black. these are one of the most comfortable jordans i have ever worn. look great with jeans or on the court. although not a true basketball shoe. the jeter #2 looks cool on the side vents and on the back of the heel. these are highly reccomended by me.", "These were for my son and he loves them. To bad the seller didnt have more photos of the shoe we had to go to another site to see them.", "OMG i bought these cleats for linebacker and running back so far these cleats be so good to me i use them everyday i have amazing grip on hard mud and grass and they kinda take a while to break in like 2-3 days but they are comfortable and amazingly awesome", "Shoes needed to be white/blue, so this is the best choice offered by Nike.  Light, with good grip for quick cuts and explosive moves.", "I am not very happy with these glasses...they look too small almost have a youth size feel, I do like the color...would love to exchange them but not interested in spending any more money(shipping etc).", "These are the best sunglasses ever. They fit snug cover your whole eye area with no glare. They are classic looking and they colors are great. I have bought 3 pairs of them and the price can't be beat. Thanks Guys.", "These look nicely vintage, but I would recommend Vintage '72 for men. These are a little curved and can look feminine. The lenses are a bit reflective, like a mirror.", "My son (12 y/o) thought they looked \"cool\"  and liked the Nike brand. I liked the nice case they came with! I've noticed the price has increased since I purchased, guess that's the deal you get for buying sunglasses in the winter (Christmas present)!! ;-)", "Just amazing! I never take a pair of shoes so comfortable! and also they look so pretty! try to believe!", "Worth every penny! So light and comfortable. Great structure. Nike knows what they are doing. Great design. Cute on my feet too! I cant wait to use this pair for running.", "These sneakers were exactly what I expected. I love them! They are comfortable, great to look at and fit to size.", "I really enjoy the pattern on my nikes. Trey arrived on time and were true to their color. The shoes were a little large though. I wear a 9.5 and when they arrived, I realized I could've easily gone with a 9.", "I cannot complain about anything...fits nicely...very light....use to get shin splints often.....now that is a thing of the past.....I love them....", "Great pair of gym shoes, couldn't be happier to have them. I wear them to the gym and with casual clothing. These are very comfortable shoes.", "I ordered 7.5 and it fits perfectly! I really like this shoes! pretty,confortable and good material. Nike are the best", "Look nice and light too we love it.to going jog!!!!", "Great good condition came on time. The color looks like it does in the photo. If you want better gotta pay more but for the price very nice.", "I had previously ordered two pair and have been wearing one then the other one of them has been tearing at the end of the leather part by my little toe the hole is getting larger. I do not know why it ripped? So I got another pair and will use these for my general purpose shoe.But I like these my heal usual hurts a little with new shoes and it did not happen with these!They have good support and feel good to wear", "love these shoes! They fit perfect, super comfy, and they are really light. The colors are nice and bright as well.", "The look of the shoe is great but they fit wide on my feet and the top hole to lace them up wasn't pushed thru to the inside so we had to cut in a hole.", "In the picture looks black. It's dark blue, but I like it! Of you're looking for bright colors, this is the one!:)", "they are gorgeous shoes, but they run small. i wish i could return them but i threw away the box!", "these shoes are great, it feels like i am walking on pillow top so comfortable and can walk for miles with them.  they fit just perfect i have a wide foot and i dont feel them too tight at all.", "I have other Nike shoes, but these seem to run small.  I love the look of them, but I should have gone with an 8.  Unfortunately, I wore them around the neighborhood before realizing they were too small so I can't return them.", "These shoes fit perfect and are super comfy. I was getting a terrible pain in the side of my foot whenever I ran. Decided to try a different show. Went with this one and haven't had the pain since. Very glad I bought them. The shoe laces are very pink....doesn't look that way in this picture. I think it's cute though. : )", "Great shoes.", "Great sneakers, especially for the price. I wouldn't use them for running, but they are perfect for regular working out.", "They are exactly what I wanted fits great", "Too small... be careful with the size are very small... did not serve me...dos not serve me.. Too small 1", "This is a happy different shade that isn't overly pink but not overly masculine.  The softer grey shade is more delicate in a tennis shoe, but hides dirt well.", "Love my new Nike's they fit as expected and I am looking forward to wearing them on vacation in Canada", "I LOVE the color of these shoes. They are light weight and I wear them for my 12.5 hour shifts and they work pretty well.", "Love these shoes! Super comfy and very lightweight...perfect for my workouts, whether at the gym or at home just chillin and colors are so bright!", "Shipped quickly and fit true to size. I was worried about not being able to try them on before buying so I used the size from my previous Nikes and hoped for the best. They fit perfectly and look exactly like the picture.", "my sister love it", "This is a cute pair of workout shoes that I wear to boot camp and just casually running my errands. I'm usually between a size 8 and size 8.5, but with sneakers I wear a size 8. I originally ordered the size 8 from Amazon, but they were too tight, so I had to exchange to an 8.5. If you're teetering between half sizes, get the larger one.", "The running shoes were ok. They fit perfect, and they are just what you think they are by the picture.", "very poor qualitythe sole of the shoe was loose, the price, compared to Nike Factory, was much higher.I had to change it in Nike Factory for a different model, and the price was 20 dollars less", "I went to a store, here in So Paulo - Brazil, tried on some trainers on and chose this one. Ordered the exact same. But when I got them, they feel quite small... Makes me wonder if they are original a Nike's pair!", "These were a great deal for Nikes and have the level of comfort and performance I expect from Nike. Added bonus: pop of color with the laces.", "I use these in the gym and for running. Very comfortable and light. Nike is usually my favorite brand for sport shoes.", "Came really fast. Fits perfect. I believe its true to size. So comfortable.  I bought them for work and for work outs. So far so good. Love the color looks just like the photo", "A great sneak for the gym. I purchased this sneaker to wear to the gym exclusively. It is light weight and fit like a glove. I am a true 11 and this sneaker fits me perfectly, would highly recommend it to any one else.", "Great shoes! Just be sure to buy a half size larger then your normally wear in order to have room for your toes. Love the look and feel of these!", "I love these shoes. i had surgery on both of my feet feom bad burns and these are the only shoes i have found that feel good on my feet. they do not rub or make blisters on any of the scarred spots.on my feet.", "These tend to push the foot a bit forward, kind of like Asics do. Not great for standing or walking for any length of time. Prefer the Nide Flex Trainer 2. They are lighter and seem to more equally distribute your weight along the foot.", "I love how light weight and comfortable they are. They're great for running and aerobics. I was really surprised and I don't feel weighed down. I would definitely order them again.", "I bought these shoes for my wife. She's a nurse and she is on her feet all day and she needed a new pair of shoes. I ordered these with the regular delivery and they came early, they were brand new and they fit perfectly.", "Great", "Did not like them at all.  They were too big and uncomfortable .  Nice colors though.  I did return them.", "My daughter says when we go on walks that I look sexy! These sneakers are so comfortable I bought both of my daughters a pair for Christmas!", "Nikes usually run a little tight on me so I order them a 1/2 size bigger but these were slightly bigger than the ones I have gotten in the past but they still feel great!", "I PURCHASED TO RUN IN..BUT MY TOES ARE ALL THE WAY TO THE END SO I CAN'T....DECIDED TO KEEP BECAUSE THEY ARE SO CUTE AND JUST USE THEM FOR CASUAL DRESSING...LOVE THEM", "Fit really tight I wonder if I can get some information for an returned or change for a different shoe", "They fit as expected. It did take a little long for them to arrive then I expected but they are good.", "They are light weight and perfect.  Great for people like me with arthritis in their feet makes walking on the treadmill fun.", "The perfect cross trainer. Light and fits like a glove. True to Nike sizing. The hot pink laces adds just the right amount of pop. $55 is a great price!!!!", "Super good shoe, I love the syle and fit.  They are very comfortable for walking and work where I have to stand on my feet all day.", "These shoes are wonderful. I have never purchased shoes that were more comfortable. Do not be afraid of the mesh it is actually great and it keeps your feet cool. I ventured outside of the box and finally bought a color instead of white for a change. I am very satisfied with this purchase!", "great shoe and looks better then on the pictures, also better price then in stores. easy to clean and great for running", "These shoes fit perfect, enough room to wiggle my toes a little, and are extremely comfortable!! I have bad feet (naughty things ;) and suffe4 from pain all of the time, and these have the prefect amount of cushion and I can wear them all day, during all of my activities; from work, to walking, and even sitting &#60;3 Not to mention these are extremely cute and modern at an even better price!! I would highly recommend!", "Lots of comfort for the lots of walking my daughter did while at World Youth Day in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil", "I have a wide foot so they are a little snug but after some stretching they feel much much better.", "She loved these when she opened them up for her birthday present. She really liked the colors and the soles.", "This are great shoes. They are very comfortable for running indoors and outside on the track. I got them for track this year and I am very pleased with the quality.", "love the shoes, they fit well and look good.  I think if you are looking for a comfortable pair of shoes these are it.", "They look exactly like the picture & the fit is perfect! It arrived a day earlier than I was quoted & I absolutely love them! A littttle bit of pressure on my heels, but the support of the shoe is over all very good. Buy buy buy!", "I badly needed a new pair of sneakers, the pair i have been wearing i bought when i was a sophomore in high school, and that was about six years ago.  I am really cheap when it comes to clothes and shoes, and seeing the price of these I had a on and off battle with my self about ordering them.  In the end I knew i wouldnt find a better deal for a pair of Nikes.  These are literally the most comfortable pair of sneakers i have ever owned!  Comfy for walking or running.  I am so pleased with the shoes, they are super cute too.  Definitely worth every penny.", "Love it! Fit nicely, really confortable, and the color is as the pitcture, i'm 7 1/2 it fit very well.", "These shoes are very light weight but still supply the support that I need.  The colors are pretty and not too bright. Great buy!", "Great fit and great color!  A little on the narrow side but fit well.  True to size. Overall a great shoe!", "I love , LOVE , LOVE this Sneeker. Its like they were made for my feet . WONDERFUL . I'm on my feet all day and these shoes are the BEST !!!!!!!", "Not a comfortable shoe in general.  Feet feel like they're bare, really regrets buying.  All I can say you'll look good with aching feet.", "These shoes go with everything and people stop me to tell me how cute they are every time i wear them.  Very comfortable and lightweight.  Love them.", "I love these shoes! They are so cute and they look awesome and when I wear them I even feel awesome .!!", "Is not original, and there is also glue on the shoes like if it was torn and re-fix.And also seems smaller than the underlying ! strange thing that the product is bad", "The color is cool! Really love it. The reason I choose Nike is that it's very light. I like wear it every time I do sports. Great!", "Too narrow but work", "The instep is small and I have a narrow foot.  I just make sure I wear a thin sock and it fits better. If you use these for running, they won't provide a lot of cushion. They are fine for walking and the gym. Very lightweight!", "These were purchased as a pair of shoes to use only at the gym.  They are comfortable and support my feet as all of my previous Nike shoes have.", "I like the style & color. The only thing I don't like is the insole. I will have to buy some pads to put inside. Nice shoes. Thank you for choosing me to win.", "They fit comfortably.  They look awesome!  They support me very well (high arches).  And theyre VERY well ventilated so no more uncomfortable feet", "What's not to like about this shoe. I bought these shoes because I will start going to the gym 3 days out of the week. I searched and searched for the perfect shoe that was fashionable, reasonably priced but made for physical activities. This is the shoe. I haven't had a chance to use them at the gym but I notice that they are not to tight but just right so with most of my shoes I can't in wide width I just am going to walk around work with the on to kind of stretch them out before I go to the gym, they aren't to snug but for someone like me who always wear sandals due to my flat feet its going to take a little getting use to but overall I am pleased with the shoe and yes they seem to be real authentic nike's. The shoes came in a nike box. well constructed and light but not bendable. hopefully I can update to let you know how they worked out at the gym", "These run true to size. I usually have to go up a size in sneakers but these fit in my true size perfectly.", "I wear a size 9 in most running shoes, and these fit just fine. I really like the pink laces, very girly, just like me.", "I just ordered these to use in the gym as trainers. They serve their purpose well. Also, cool colors and lightweight.", "They fit very well. I'm a size 71/2 and these fit perfect. They are so comfortable and pretty light. The shoe laces are really bright which i love, but if you don't like bright things you might want to switch the laces out.", "These are great! They fit great and are comfortable. It's always scary buying shoes online because you never know if they will fit right but I would recommend these. Plus they are super cute.", "Very comfortable. Bought right before Disneyland and wore everyday with no problems, especislly being 28 weeks pregnant. Very light weight and I love them.", "These shoes are great! Tight fit full of support. I love how great they look and a durable show for running or gym classes!", "I was looking for a shoe for insanity, and reasonable price & good workout shoe. These shoes are the bomb! So comfortable, durable does not slip on gym floor. I also have used them as my turbo-kick shoes,.overall better than expected. Size up shoe, I usually wear 7 for workout shoes, but a 6.5 fit very good, & have room for my toes to move. I will buy another pair", "The shoe is very comfortable and the half size up affords the comfort of thick athletic socks for gym and walking.", "My daughter loves theses shoes and she tells me they feel light and comfortable. I have ordered her 2 pair and both have done well without any issues. She likes the pink and black the best so check them out first.", "I wore these shoes since back in the day when they originally hit the street. I actually preferred playing basketball in Nike Air Force Ones when I played. They were comfortable and supportive. I still prefer them to the newer shoes. I particularly liked this color combination. Shoes arrived as advertised and still offer good support even though I now supplement mine with inserts even though the only running I do now is when I am dreaming.The reason I did not give it 5 stars is the price! I think many companies keep prices inflated on items that Baby Boomers still tend to purchase.", "Great Shoes, great price. Couldn't find these anywhere else on the internet! Even Nike.com was back ordered but these guys pulled through. Shoes arrived in excellent condition with a cert. of authenticity which I didnt even know they came with. And did I mention they arrived a week early!", "These are 100% fake. If not they should have been sold for $10. Leather is crap, sole is way too heavy, wears quickly, and not comfortable at all.", "These shoes are tight and the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because it has a red stripe and I'm a blue person but if you want some sweet kicks these are the shoes to go with!", "Too good I'd say ... it was a great product. 100% original. 100% recommended. So I give it 5 stars and if you could give her 10 stars", "Very comfortable and well made Nike product. Everyone wants these! Highly recommend to the serious baseball player! You just can't go wrong with these.", "THIS IS A GIFT FOR OUR GRANDSON.  HE LOVES THEM.  HE CAN'T WAIT UNTIL SPRING GETS HERE TO START USING THEM...", "I bought one 3 years ago and the is the only shoes that i trust. Now i will buy the elastic model just because i can't find one of this", "Even with the new Nike Bomba and Elastico shoes, this T-7 still reigns supreme in the world of turf and indoor shoes.I bought these on sale for 35 Euros (50 USD), but I would not hesitate to pay full price for them.The Kangaroo leather upper is the best of the best, I only wish they used more, like along the inside of the foot, but that would have seriously compromised durability.One thing to watch out for - the studs wear out extremely fast! Make sure to wear these only on game day, and only on appropriate surfaces (no cement!).Overall, a ridiculously comfortable, great touch, great fit, stable shoe perfect for small-sided games.", "These shoes are the best! I use them for work and cannot imagine using any other shoe. Wearing them is like going barefoot yet they are suprisingly rugged too. I am on my feet 10-12 hours a day and the support these give is amazing. 2 thumbs up!", "bought this plaid blazer shoe for my daughter, wow, is it sexy or what?, she really loves it, plus it looks so hot on her foot, now she wants other colors of the same shoe, boy amazon's gonna be getting a lot more of my hard earned cash now. PS. i highly recommend this shoe to anyone looking for a great gift for a girlfriend or kid, cause they don't seem to come in very large sizes, great build quality also, well after all it is a NIKE.", "Nothing to do w/the seller, but these shoes are extremely uncomfortable ... Arrived on time ... just not pleased w/the shoe.  I bought these to wear at the gym and are the most uncomfortable style of Nike shoe that I've ever worn.  My feet hurt soooo horribly after my workout that I had to actually take them off in the car so I could drive home in comfort.  Unfortunately, since I wore them out I am unable to return them so am now stuck w/a pair of shoes that I will never wear again.  I guess I should have stuck with the Nike Torch shoe; was previously happy with those.", "My daughter played on the varsity basketball team as well as AAU Club basketball.  She loved these shoes because they are so light, but also have ankle support as she has ankle troubles.", "These are great shoes to use for exercise classes. Plenty of arch support and no heel, so you don't rock forward when using weights. The fabric is so soft and my wide feet  fit perfectly in them. Will buy many more pairs!", "split toe and arch support are great!  Agility, style, comfort what a combination. The split toe gives an amazing balance.", "I do a lot of walking and was developing some serious pain in my feet from being on them so much.  I started wearing these shoes and within a few weeks of wearing them my feet stopped hurting completely. Can't recommend them highly enough.  I hope they never stop making them.", "I absolutely love these shoes!  They are super cute and super comfortable.  They are not too heavy at all for regular use.  I'm not a runner or anything like that, I just got them because I read they were comfortable and they are cute.  They are perfect for just wearing around school!  I'd buy again!  (And they are actually hot pink!  Not reddish like some shoes tend to be once you see them in person)", "As always Nike makes an awesome shoe.  The only thing not liked about this shoe is the areas that appear gray are accutally a shiny silver that makes the shoe look different.  It grows on you though.  Overall an excellent shoe.", "These are the most comfortable sneakers you can imagine. There is some kind of soft padding inside that gives the shoe a \"bounce\". I highly recommend these.", "A great pair of shoes for a decent price. There was nothing wrong with the shoes and the quality was great. Expected new and they were.", "I bought these a year ago and I love them to this day.  Continue to get compliments on them.They don't show much of the dirt or wear like other shoes I've had.", "Bought these shoes as a cheap/retro option as opposed to spending like 100 bucks on 90's Air Max shoes. These shoes are awesome, tons of compliments, and I even go to work in them-so comfortable.", "I guess I'm a nike running sneak kinda guy.  These are light, comfy, and look great at the same time.thnx Nike -", "great color.  i wear ladies 8.0-9.0, mens 6.0-7.0.  wentahead got mens 7.5 D  no fit will EVER be this EXACT! half sze up.  LOVE!", "Wanted these shoes for the color combination. Unfortunately paid this year's price for last year's shoe, but had to in order to get what I wanted.  Got it shipped for free and didn't pay any taxes, so I guess I still saved some money in the end. The 2012 &#34;full&#34; Air Max shoe is great, and if you can get them at a discount... buy.", "Always loved the Nike running models but this one is perfect.  Lots of support and comfort.  Hope they don't change the model any time soon", "Perfect and comfortable shoes for the passive exercise that I usually do and the look and feel of this shows it is really awesome!!!", "Great looking shoes! I bought them for my husband and he loved them. They fit perfect and are very comfortable", "Just another pair of sneakers to replace those my grandson had worn out.  Same style, same company, same item.  I ordered these from you because I didn't want the hassle of shoe shopping.  Thanks!", "love em get them now!!! thats all i have to say and this is the only place you are going to find them", "My child loves these shoes, he thinks he is the best shooter on the floor now.  He says they are comfortable and the fit is good.", "Santa brought these for Christmas and my son can not stop wearing them....Santa may be bringing the next size up next Christmas as well.", "I got these for my husband and he loves them.. They are not too big and not too small. I'll do it again", "I bought these for my boyfriend over a year ago now, and they are still in perfect condition!  He absolutely loves them and wears them all the time!!  He has about 4 pairs of Jordans, and out of all of them, these are by far his favorite... and mine too!!", "Anyone who pays more than $160 is being ripped off. These sneakers were released over six months ago and websites like finishline and east bay still have them for $160. Resellers need to stop ripping people off.", "these photo blue 9s are so comfty , these are def my go to shoes on a day when I wanna wear sneakers", "This is a nicely done retro in alternate color. It is very comfortable and the quick lace pull works nice. I like the fit and finish and support. Cool shoe and well made.", "I bought this shoe for my self the day it came out. They are great shoes. They look amazing with jeans and i would recommend it ton anyone from serious sneaker heads to someone needing a new pair of shoes. It has great quality but the only thing is that it runs a little small. I suggest ordering a half size up from your regular shoe size.", "Very speedy placement of order. Shoe was exactly what i wanted..dont step on my j's  lol. exceptional quality. order was recived promptely", "Overall I am very impressed by the quality of the product ,very  comfortable and Classics never go out of style", "I got these for my son for Christmas, they shipped very quickly and were in brand new perfect condition. These Jordan's have become my son's favorite sneakers and even with heavy wear and usage held up very well.", "i ordered this for my husband and they fit him perfectly. They are 100% real and authentic...they are worth buying", "this purchase was for my son and he loves it thank you we will be back, my son wears this shoes for long hours without any discomfort", "They Don't feel like the other 9s I Have. They Feel funny and believe they are fake. Most likely wont purchase again.", "Sure these shoes are pricey but you get what you pay for. I worked 60 hours a week all year and I finally was able to purchase these shoes. I put them on and you could immediately tell these weren't your average $60 sneakers. They may have the same amount of form, comfort, shape, and performance but they are WAY more stylish. Like $1600 stylish.Sometimes my daughter complains, though. She'll say things like \"Are we going to eat tonight\" and \"I'm tired of sleeping in the street\" but then I just show her my awesome Nikes and she shuts her little bitch mouth.", "I have had these shoes almost 3 yrs but have  worn them only  2 or 3 times because i have another pair I brought from finish line I were more often.  I noticed immediately that the  stitchings around the edges  were irregular, but didn't  think much of it until I began investigating fake vs authentic Air Jordan's 2 days ago.  Since then, I have found multiple irregularities in these shoes.  The back and top edges do not match up and the lacings are loose..  I wanted to notify Amazon That this company sold me fraudulent shoes 3 years ago. I took me 3 years to notice it.  I wonder how many other customers were scammed buy this company.....  Please investigate the company  completely..... It is too late for me, but protect future clients from this company... I still have the box and packaging.", "My son is at the point where the next time he goes up in shoe size the price does extensively. I'm not ready for that at all.  He's only ten but is wearing a 6 1/2. Boys go thru shoes like running water. :) I'm happy with this purchase and he likes them and I'm very happy with the price. I could have went to the mall to Footlocker, Athlete's Foot, etc. but found the best deal here.  Thanks a bunch.", "I had been eyeing these shoes for quite sometime. I finally got them and I am so glad I did! Love the color, fit, style and the shipping was obviously on \"lightning speed\". I got these wayyy before expected. I am extremely happy with my purchase and will most definitely purchase again.", "I'm a newbie to these Nikes, I guess i should have looked at the strap more I thought it would be a leather strap but its the type of strap that you would find on a bicycle helmet. I felt a little ripped off because I payed for a good shoe and that type of material for a strap is cheap as hell but hey I still love the shoes and im still going to wear. So just be aware of that if your not.", "The shoes held up nicely, the fit was okay. I used them only to work out and run. Decent shoe", "This shoe is true to size.  It's pretty comfortable for a patent leather shoe.  I like the color and the look.", "during physical therapy of the knee, therapist stated \"heel is too high, creating a poor functionality of leg and knee...\"", "Purchased for my son who's an athlete.  He loved them on and off the court/field. I would order again especially if they go in sale.", "Nike designed the Air Trainer 1 to accommodate a variety of athletic activities, making for a versatile but comfortable shoe that got particularly big in professional tennis. With a nice profile and a mid rise, the AT1 seems to combine my favourite features of the AM1 and classic Jordans, with a real nice toe strap and heel branding.While I actually prefer the OG &#8220;Chlorophyll&#8221; colourway, they also look very fresh in &#8220;Infrared,&#8221; a bolder scheme I&#8217;ve always appreciated more than the shoes it usually adorns. There are also some subtler updates such as mesh on the toe box instead of leather. I&#8217;m no sneakerhead but I know what I like and these warlocks will surely become summer jams when the polar vortex subsides.", "I love them thanks I would buy more of them I have a black pair just like these it's the only kind I wear as they don't hurt my feet", "Excellent sneaker and conford for big kids, I recommend these shoes to anyone and specialy a great buy and price .", "I purchased theses as a Christmas gift for my brother and he loves them. They shipped on time and everything was fine.", "these are my first pair of Jordanans and i was amazed at the level of quality i received. also they don't have so much going on with designs that you cant wear them out somewhere nicer.", "From the moment i received the box, i noticed the Light weigh of the item.The shoes fit me very well, I think these shoes are very light, this is very helpful when you need to respond quickly and when you are playing basketball, is almost every play.I recommend these shoes to people who have thin feet.", "really good for the people that like the older shoes but crease alot. also very light weight and breathe easly", "Love my shoes amazing", "I wanted to buy these shoes long time ago, but was afraid to do it online.  However, the seller's reviews conviced me and I bought the shoes.  They are perfect! Fast shipping as well!!!", "So comfy.....", "Muy buenos zapatos para soccer, buen material, comodos y duraderos. Los recomiendo 100% Los recomiendo 100%  Los recomiendo 100% Los recomiendo 100%  Los recomiendo 100%", "shoe runs small had to return the shoes.  No problems with returns I just needed a larger size. returns made easy for these shoes", "These shoes are amazing and the colors are vibrant! I love them and received them quickly from th seller, I can't wait until I wear them out!", "Received them in a timely manner. My son loves them. Says they have real comfortable cushioning in the heels. We have actually had family beg for us to give them to them.", "These shoes are great. They fit to your feet comfortably. They have a great feel for the court. As a basketball player, these shoes are perfect. The ankle strap helps for ankle support for driving and making cuts.", "My grandson was very thankful for these shoes and he done very well in track the shoes gave him that fast speed", "This shoe almost seems too light to be true.  Very sturdy and good looking.  Only downfall is spikes wore out much sooner than anticipated.  Second set did the same.  Overall a great shoe.", "Love them.  Very comfortable and supportive.  Nice looking and great for walking and running.  They are very light weight for running.", "Just simply a superb product. it holds your foot tight. it supports the joints in your foot. it breathes and dry fast if you like to run in wet terrains. i use it for hiking and soft running in the woods around my house and it is perfect. it is by far the most comfortable shoe i have had. five stars.", "I followed my phisicians instruction to obtain a better walking shoe, because of my knee problems.there is a big difference between the shoe I used and the NIKE AIR MAX 2010!!!!!!!!!!!", "Bought this thinking it would be a men's size 11, turned out to be a children's 11 (needless to say it was returned). The shoes other then being tiny, were exactly what I wanted :(", "the sneakers are nice they were delivered pretty quick but just one problem they gave me the wrong size i ordered a size 12 and they sent me a size 5y tried to find a way to contact them but you cant even do that soo now im stuck with a sneaker small enough to fit my big toe. guess a lucky someone is going to receive a gift from me....", "got these to a throwback king in my nieghborhood but all them fools bite off my style still, they sick to def", "i loved this shoe with all my ankle-wear lol.this is a great purchase.and i gladly respect my choices when it comes to a nike product automatically knowing its only quality i will only receive", "The Nike Shox Heritage was a good look for the shoes, sadly it was only produced in 2010 and it appears I bought one of the last of this color/style in retail.  These shoes are very attractive but maybe a little heavy for a serious runner, which I am not.  I wear a 10.5 in most shoes and these shoes are no exception and they fit and feel great.  If you can find them, buy them.", "I was expecting more of a cheer type shoe but it still works. I'll be spending a lot of time in them so at least they are comfortable.", "I've been wearing these shoes for over a year. I've wore them fir my zumba or jazzercise classes and to walk around every day on the go. They look cool and are very comfy!", "I loved the shoe but had to return them. They were too tight on the tops of my feet. I needed a wide width but they don't come in wide... : (", "This shoes run very big to size and I found they have little support.  I bought them for my Zumba classes but really don't like them.", "These are my go-to shoes for Zumba and Latin dance class.  I wore my last pair for a year+ - so it was time for a new pair.  Thank you, Nike!  (I would like a little more arch support but otherwise love these shoes.)", "I'm currently a soldier deployed overseas and I am leading 3 dance fitness classes for the soldiers. I was looking for a comfortable shoe that would not take a long time to break-in because who's really got time for that ... right?It took a while for the shoes to get here but once I put them on I was quite surprised. I have never been a Nike fan but thought I'd take a chance on these shoes because of the reviews. I am very glad I decided to get these because from the time I have put them on they have been very comfortable for the reason I purchased them.I have to walk a short distance across a \"sandy\" area and then I wear them on a hardwood floor for my dance classes. I really enjoy them and would recommend them for anyone looking for this type of shoe. As far as the fit goes I feel I have an average size foot width though I wear a size 11 and these were not too narrow or too wide. Love them!", "was very pleased with my bargain find at outlet.  If I had known how comfortable I would have sought out and worn earlier.", "I have four pairs of Nike Air Max sneakers. I compare the sneaker to the ones I have and on the tongue of the sneaker is not the same. It should say airmax on the tongue of the sneaker. Not air and it was not in the original box.", "i love these sliders ... i wear them all the time they are so comfortable ... only problem is they scratch easily but other than that i still love it", "These are all I wear in the summer.  I must have 10 different pair.  I do  like flip flops. They are great due to the fact that I have skinny feet so theses fit and feel fantastic.", "I love the color. The shoes are real comfortable. The price is reasonable. I would recommend. I love my slides. Thank you", "I love all the Nike sandles. Fit well to all shapes of your feet. Great buy! Worth every penny! Form fitting.", "My 12 year old loves these sandals. As there are not many things twelve year old girls love, other than boys, I considered this purchase to be a success.", "I tend to be an overpronator so these shoes are a perfect fit. They have strong support and stability from all sides and make it easy to do what I want to do without my feet hurting. I've worn several different incarnations of this shoe and they just keep getting better. They are cushioned on all sides and soft as well.If you're looking for a light shoe, this isn't the one for you. All that extra padding and stability additions tend to add a bit of weight.For me, this shoe is better than the Structure Triax which doesn't have as much stability. For any avid runner or just someone that needs more stability in their life, the Equalon is for you.", "Great sneakers.  Really looks great.  Great quality.  Runs small.  If you where a 10, I would recommend buying 11.", "I was worried at first because I never ordered sneakers from amazon before. It actually fit and its very comfortable.", "the picture is not showing its right color.  it looks red in the picture but it's pinkish, had to return it.", "Color great; very comfortable. I bought kids size for value and color. Nike is favorite sneaker. Thinking of getting another feels like walking on air", "I had been running with the five-finger shoes for about 2 years and LOVED the way my gait changed, speed improved, and my overall increased joy in running. Alas, those things get STINKY and never really seem to wash right. Plus, they look weird. So I've been on the hunt for shoes that make you feel like you're running wild and free but don't give your toes a squicky feeling or draw stares. These are those shoes. They do lack the &#34;I can feel the pavement through the soles of my feet!&#34; aspect, but that's really not a bad thing if you, like me, are actually running on pavement 99% of the time. They provide just enough cushion that my feet don't feel tortured at the end of a run, but they don't change my natural gait and honestly feel lighter than air. The cozy fit of the fabric around the ankle keeps stones and grit out. I did have some rubbing on my heel the first run that resulted in some mean blisters, but they haven't recurred. Bottom line: these are the best shoe I've had in a long time.", "After reading previous reviews, I went along with what everyone said and ordered half a size bigger.  It fits like a glove and has become my favorite sneaker right not.  It just feels like  a sock.", "the colors are beautiful & they are very comfortable. There are no need for socks :)the only CON is the ankle is extremely tight and I have very small ankles so I don't know how anyone with big ankles would adjust to this shoe.", "You won't be sorry. Although these are now obsolete. Nike has come out with the next generation which totally rocks as well. Enjoy foot heaven!", "I love this jacket is very comfortable and cute to wear.  I run in it and can put a layer or 2 under it.  I also wear out and about its so cute.", "Good shoe but there is nothing spectacular about them like I thought it would be. They fit like a glove though and no socks needed which is new. I found the shoe to be really tight and hot with socks but the fit is perfect without them. Order your normal size", "It is excellent product, soft and comfortable but  it is necessary to buy a half size larger. Should say it somewhere.", "I love these shoes.  I saw them on a friend and had to go buy a pair for myself.  They are a tiny bit snug around the ankle, but I think they will stretch a bit after I wear them more.  I did run in  mine because I am a light jogger and prefer a lightweight shoe.....they tread may not last long this way, but that is how it is with all lightweight running shoes that I have found.  I am going to go buy a second pair because I love them so much.  The colors are awesome and the slip-on ease is great! :)  I did buy a half size up from my normal size - FYI.  Also, my local Nike store is selling them for $49.95 - I wish Amazon's prices would match.... :)", "Our whole family has been very impressed with the Nike &#34;free&#34; style of running shoe. They are very comfortable and hold up well. I expect these will be no different.", "my size is 36-36.5 and i ordered 37 , it feels tight for the first time but then its perfect , as if I'm wearing nothing, i jugged for an hour the first time i put them on  and they were very comfortable and light and style", "bought this in my normal shoe size, but can barely squeeze my feet in; the top is really tight and the entire shoe seems really small; had to return it...too bad...", "Best shoes I've ever bought! Worth every penny! Great for running and they feel amazing! Love the fit... Love it!", "When I tried these on in the store, I liked the flexibility of the sole, they pulled on like socks which was neat, and they seemed to give me an adequate cushion.  Well, after a month of wearing them, I'm very disappointed.  As walking shoes, they are great... comfortable (true to size), a little snug, but not unbearable.  As a running shoe, they are terrible. Absolutely no support, I feel like I'm running barefoot on the pavement.  I've had to switch back to traditional sneaks because there was just too much jolting to my calves/shins.", "This is my first pair of Nike sneakers.  I like the fit, it's snug, I ordered 1/2 size larger than what I normally wear.The shoes arrived much earlier than expected.", "Fit great and wear well. Ultra comfortable. Great for workouts, running, climbing, walking. Great shoes and too cute. Highly recommend.", "These shoes are one of my better buys comfortable and no tieing up shoe laces very unique great comfort walking or running I love the color as well. Very happy with this buy", "Run small but fits perfect with no socks like they are suppose to. I dislike socks and these shoes help.", "I normally wear a size 7 shoe. Ordered a 7 1/2 and it still was too short. And the tightness of the elastic around my foot and ankle was uncomfortable. I will be returning these", "Thank you ..love the shoe..to anyone who wants to buy one , please buy it as one size larger than your original size", "I like it! But the ankle area is too tight after run, maybr shoulf hv chosen a size bigger!! I want a white one", "I love this shoe. It fits PERFECTLY without socks and it's extremely comfortable. It's light and makes it feel natural while running. I would recommend this shoe to people with medium arches, it has PERFECT arch support and takes away the ankle pain I was feeling from my Nike Free 3.0's. I love the knit too, it's airy and allows your feet to breathe while running. These shoes are spot on and worth the money.", "My favorite workout, running, and all around shoe.  Comfort, support, and easy to wear makes this the shoe that gets the mileage.", "happy", "I want so badly to love this shoe, but they are just a little too tight and they squeeze my toes.  The next size up would be too large though. Plus they are difficult to get on. It's like putting on an aqua shoe. By the time I get both my feet in I feel like I've already had my workout.", "The colors are so pretty. I ordered my regular size 7.5 because that's all they had, and they fit perfect. They are snug on the top of the foot at first but stretch out as you wear them. Happy with my purchase.", "These shoes are amazing. They are by far my favorite sneaker to date and I'm am avid runner. I received them on time and couldn't be happier. They are true to advertisement.", "Lovely shoe. Great for indoor activities or a nice smooth track, if you run outdoors with it you get little rocks in the sole which could take a while to get out. Overall its a great shoe. Only bad point is that it not too good on the knee", "I absolutely love these shoes. They fit great and are soo so comfortable! I can't think of a single reason not to own a pair!", "Love them!", "It's comfortable and stylish. My boy really love it and can't wait to wear it to school next day after receiving it.", "I needed a pair of sneakers that would be comfortable for work. I stand for long periods and i must say these didnt make my feet hurt at all", "I'm satisfied because my son loves to wear it everyday to school. He doesn't need to bring extra shoes to change to.", "This was the easiest shoe shopping I have done. I don't like going into crowded mall and stores so this was good for me.", "My son was so excited to wear these on the first day of school. They fit perfectly, arrived in a couple of days.They are exactly as pictured and very comfortable.", "It is probably a good pair of shoes for a person with narrow to medium width feet.Little too tight for wide feet.I like the style though.", "These shoes are really comfortable and they look great with anything. The only thing I don't like is that when I got them they fit a little bit small on my feet even though they are the size that I get in every shoe. Once you stretch them out a little bit though there's really no issue. :)", "In 39 years I have NEVER worn a more comfortable shoe. They are an absolute dream on my feet. I wear them at Zumba, on the elliptical, and for every day tasks. I love, love them. I am getting ready to go buy my 2nd pair!", "I am a respiratory therapist and am on my feet hours on end. I was given a pair a these as a gift a few years. I am headed to buy my fourth pair now. I love these shoes. Usually, with any other brand shoe, I come home from work so tired I can hardly think. With these, believe it or not, my feet do not hurt after a long day. From the cushion on my heel, to the wide width (I have crazy wide cajun feet, like a damn duck)my feet never ache. I highly, highly recommend anyone who is on the go to try these. I also walk/run in them and they are very light. Don't pass up these great shoes.Dustye Whisenhunt CRT", "I love this shoe!! I have such a hard time finding shoes for myself.  These have great cushioning, and just feel wonderful!!  I would highly recommend these!!", "I purchased these sneakers for my 14 year old daughter who has a difficult time with shoes due to painful bunions.  She absolutely loves these.  The cloth allows her feet room to move and her orthotics fit perfectly.  I am so glad we found these as we were running out of options.  Nike usually runs narrow and but these seem be average width.", "Bought these shoes for my 12 year old son from Nordstrom Rack.  They are very eye catching and intereresting to look at.  The actual blue color is more milky blue not so dark as on the computer screen.  The orange color is like an orange fruit, just orange.My son says they are pretty comfy and there are nice and wide for his wide feet - size 12.5, men's.Highly recommend and we'll see if we can get a second pair!", "Best running shoe ever", "I purchased the shoes since I had the AIR MOTO 7 from the AIR Strong line, which I loved, Prob best running shoes I have had.  I was not able to find the same pair and bought this shoes. I used this shoes to run but have been getting realy bad shin splins.  I run about 3 times a week and after a month I had to stop using them.  I had to purchase another pair of running shoes.Now these shoes are just sitting in my closet.These shoes are okay for walking, but not for running.", "They were a little to big but other then that Very confortable and they look great so I would recommend this to others just get a half size smaller then your normal boot size", "a bit heavy and clunky, but does have very good grip on the sole for snow and some ice. its pretty well padded on the inside so fit can be difficult i think you must try these on before purchasing i normally wear a size 10 so i got 10.5 and they were too loose like i needed a 9.5 but after 4 hours your feet will swell and make them very tight.", "I love this shoe.  It is comfortable and fits well.  I use it as a casual shoe but could easily be used for cross training.  I would buy a half size bigger then you normally wear since Nikes tend to run a little small.", "I love my shoes they look GREAT exactly as seen in the picture, color and everything, very comfortable and airy. highly recommended", "My first Nike SB Stefan Janoski.This is DOPE! ^_^Loving it every-time I wear it.Head turner.One of the best color-way of Janoski's. Its rare nowadays.", "These shoes are ultra durable and was made for rough skateboarding conditions. Being sponcered by the local skate shop, I needed shoes that could keep up with me. I used these shoes to skate in about 6-8 hours a day and it started to show scuffing weeks into use. The price is hefty but well worth it.I have trusted in NikeSB ever since the Dunk Mid Pro's and you cannot go wrong with them.The have all the Pro's (hence the name) and none of the cons!Super comfortableStylish both skating and chill'nUltra Durable from everything to the laces themselvesPrimo and hard landing protectionA shoe from a well known skate brand, so whatever color you choose, you get the satisfaction that you'll fall in love with these shoes!", "These blk and gold nike's are really cute especially considering how hard it is to find blk tennis shoes! The fit is true to size and they were shipped to me very quickly.", "The sneakers are just as described. Speedy shipping great product. My little girl looks super cute in these. So hard to find them anywhere else but this seller had them so thanks to you and Amazon!", "Used these for a trail run, street run and treadmill. These shoes are so heavy but they DO absorb the road fairly well. As a comparison, I went out for a run with my other basic Asics and these actually did put less of a strain on my feet but my ankles were killing me afterwards. Again, they are heavy but actually do thier job. If you don't mind the weight, these are not bad.", "wonderful fit", "These did not last. After about 2 months the bottoms seams all came loose they are now in the trash", "This product is superb Well i'm Very happy with my things. My kids are Very enjoy it them. Oralia mata. Happy day :) you are Very honest in time and price.", "it was very nice test to choose, my son like it too much he want to keep on all the day", "No regrets with this product, this classic style looks great with some nice Buckle jeans but personally wouldn't ware with shorts.", "These were a gift for my husband.  He picked them out and is pleased with the shoes.  Ever since my husband discovered the Nike Air he has been sold on the comfort of the shoe.  We both tried Asics gel shoes (on the recommendation of a doctor because my husband was having some foot issues)several years ago and they were the worst shoes we've ever had.  Since then all we ever buy are Nike because they are just so comfortable.  I would like to see more classic designs offered - the spiderman look is a little too much for my taste.", "I brought these shoes for no more than $30 at Acadamy Sports And Outdoors.The product is a five star but for $50 dollars is not a good deal.pros:improved my game and are comfortablecons:the price for them so go to academy. Get dirty easily because of white color.", "bought it once and i had it for like 4 months then lost them but they looked awesome and were extremely comfortable", "I'm a big guy (6'3\" and 300 pounds) and wear a size 15 shoe.  I've been playing basketball 2-3 times a week, indoors and outdoors with these shoes for the past 4 months and they have held up well.  The fit is very good for me as long as I get them tied tight.  My foot doesn't move at all in the shoe which is great!!!", "These shoes are gorgeous!! And, fit true to size! These were a hit with my son who is a Lakers fan. The colors are great", "My son says they are a comfortable shoe for basketball. Plus our whole teams has these shoes and their are 25 kids on our JV team.", "Love them!! Love the color and the durability of this product and would purchase again.  These are actually my third pair of these same shoes, I just wished all my shoes fit like these.", "My shoes are awesome exactly what I wanted definitely gonna be ordering a other pair soon.in a different color got anything in blue or Orange I like to match my kids youth sport team and im a coach", "Provides great ankle support and traction. I would of given a 5* but due to its slightly heaver design, I gave it a 4*. Still a very formidable shoe.", "I order my sneaker on the 5th and received them on the 7th. They arrived ahead of schedule and was exactly what i needed and wanted.", "I purchased these shoes to wear after bunion surgery which I just had so I haven't worn them yet - but they are to replace a pair I have worn for the past 1.5 year nearly daily which were the most comfortable shoes I've had.  I like the look of all black sports shoes - which are hard to find.  I looked at them for over a year before buying because of the initial price when they came out.  At about 1/2 the original price I am thrilled.  Might go back and get some black and red for a little pizazz!  Quick delivery and in perfect condition.  Thank you.", "Was very happy with my purchase. I have wide and flat feet and I usually have a hard time finding shoes that fit well.  I did research quite a bit before I purchased and I am happy to say they fit quite comfortably.  Would highly recommend them.", "i love these shoes i bought them for my brother to play volleyball and it works great it had semi ankle support for landing when he jumps and great endurance with the jumping", "I ordered this pair for my boyfriend and he absolutely LOVED it. The seller is absolutely amazing with replying to questions. I ordered these in 11s in the morning, but I received an email in the evening saying they were out of 11s, I was given the option to order another size, which i did in 11.5. They were so apologetic that they even shipped those shoes in expedite shipping, that night! Free of charge may I add! I got these mainly because my boyfriend plays basketball, which he say they are very comfortable. You can order your normal shoe size or a half size bigger and it would still be fine! I would recommend this seller and this product to anyone!", "I love these shoes. I still haven't wore them. & Next time you're selling a shoe use the right pic.", "I really, really wanted to love these shoes and wear them in my first 50k trail race.  They look super and fit great. Unfortunately, with each run they proved to be a mismatch with my running style and/or anatomy.I don't consider that a fault of the shoe per se, as I know they will perform great for another type of runner.The Wildhorse has been reassigned as a cool casual shoe for me.  But if you can get a pair through someone who offers free return or exchanges after a test period then I say give them a shot!", "Got my Nike Goadome to climb Mt Washington,It was my first pair of trekking boots. First, the fit was perfect with a thick pair of sox. I Went there on a crazy rainy day, the grip was great I climb to the top in 3hours no problem.But when I got down I lost myself and got stock for a couple hours In the woods which was way to tough for the boots.After 3hours of extreme trekking I lost the insole on the right shoes and walk for another 2hours the left one detach (still in the woods). Finally found my way back to the road.But my boots were dead on their first day.So if you want a do serious trekking get something else.Contact Sole Palace they were awesome refund when they got the boots.Hope it help", "This description of the shoe color states cherry. When I think cherry, I think red, but this shoe color is hot pink/fuchsia....not cherry. Needless to say, my son was not going to wear the shoe. Thankfully my daughter loves the shoe and will be able to wear them in a few months....", "I usually LOVE Special K but for some reason I only got 2 pieces in the box and it tasted like rubber.", "great shoes for people who wathed pippens games, i love it, just a little narrow, not recommende for the fat foot.", "These shoes better fit you perfectly and your feet can't sweat, because it's heavy plastic-type material that doesn't flex, like leather does, and there are no \"breathing holes\" to allow air in or out.A definite \"no\" for wider feet.Not worth the time or money.  I had trouble contacting the company to return them, too.", "Good fit.  It has reversible spikes that you can change to a different length of spike if desired.  They appear to be a quality shoe, but we will see once the season begins how durable they are....stay tuned.", "I previously had a pair of the FG version of these, and loved them... now I have the SG for wet and muddy fields.  They fit well, feel great, and behave just as the FG's.", "Somewhat narrow .", "Nice quality shoes, look sharp. Super narrow fit at toes, had to return.", "I love the shoes. I Would recommend these shoes for anyone. A great feeling shoe for training or any running activities", "Didn't feel right from beginning", "Great looking shoe!! The color is just beautiful and the comfort is great.What a great buy.Very pleased with my purchase.", "i love it", "Just as described!", "The unique thing that we can comment is that everything I arrive in its correct order, time of delivery and excellent product.Thank you for your amiable collaboration and serviceCecilia Lopez", "they are the best shoes ever createdi would recommend another fangood at jumpingfive star for a reason", "Es un zapato excelente. Muy liviano y de muy buena calidad. Lo uso todo el dia y luce muy bien con mis jeanes. Realmente recomiendo que lo compren y lo disfruten, como yo lo hago.", "But these pair in a 9 fit a little snug and that is the only reason they got 4.5 from even though I only shows 4 stars. A 1/4 to 1/3 more inch in width in my left shoe (thanks bunion sad face) would have given them the full five stars.", "Great quality boot and very fashionable. They last a long time, comfortable, and keep your feet dry in rain and snow. My boyfriend wears these to work and out on date night.", "If you are on your feet all day, these are for you. It's true that shoes are personal and no feet are alike BUT give them a break. These also pass as (sort of) dress shoes . Most folks never know they are not and we had recommendations from sales folk, delivery men ... and others prior to ordering. Very pleased!", "I bought this shoe 2 months ago and i love everything about it. I spend 10hrs a day on my feet, and these shoes make a whole world of difference.", "I tend to purchase air maxs' when I choose this brand of athletic shoes and they did not disappoint. Nice comfortable fit and I just love this colour.", "It's ok not special but solid would not buy again but no complaints either good all around shoe a bit ugly though", "great colorway for the airmax 90. one of my favorites of the many many pairs that i own and wear.", "Great purchase.  Love these shoes!  color is great, and the price wasn't to bad.  going to order another pair.  My new favorite shoe.", "I really loved this shoe but they are a bit uncomfortable when wearing for long on extended periods of time standing up, these shoes are not running shoes, they are way too heavy with no breath-ability! I like how they look though.", "Simply put I got what I ordered. I knew my size, plus I had experience in buying shoes through or by amazon and the first shoe I bought was a little too big so I knew the next time the shoe what size I had to purchase. However I got in enough time for what I need it for.", "Retro style, almost identical to the original version of the 90's. Really very beatiful but RUNS SMALL. Sugestion: buy them a half size larger ;)", "Excellent shoes, these are the most comfortable shoes I had in the while.The conture and the molding fits your feet like magic.  I would strongly recommend for people to get these shoes, excellent all around, thanks KMP", "I only by Air Max shoes. These were the ones i have been wanting for a while. The fit just right and the order was super fast! Fits like a glove on my feet", "Bought them for my husband. I love them. They look so good. I like the 90s better than the newest ones.", "Product arrived earlier than I had expected, exactly what was shown on the site, I am very happy with this purchase", "These Nike Air Max never arrived. I just found out today 26th January 2012. I am very disappointed. I wanted therefore to give this purchase 0 starts but that wasn't possible. Shame on you Amazon after so many years of exceptional customer service. Also when I looked up complaints on the website I was offered complaints products....", "these shoes are affordable and good quality. i recommend these shoes to everyone who needs new ones. they are great", "Ordered these shoes Aug. 16, 2012. Only good thing with this order, received within a timely matter. However, my son came to me Sept. 11, 2012 showing me where the fabric on the tongue has pulled away on BOTH shoes! These shoes are less then 30days old and the fabric is tearing! I find that unacceptable for the type of shoe and the cost of them. I would accept this if the shoes cost me $20, but not $95! SneakerDoctor wants me to contact Nike directly and tell them I purchased them from a \"physical\" store, not through them and have them refund me the amount for the shoes. I feel that's very deceiving. I refuse to LIE to Niki!Beware if you purchase anything through Amazon that's linked to SneakerDoctor, unless you don't mind paying for defective shoes!", "This item came a day later!!! The sneakers fit perfect! I did not expect them so quickly!! Very pleased customer!", "This product came as expected.  no damage to the box or anything. I love air maxes. The fight was nice and i look forward to buying more nike air maxes", "All together, this is an acceptable shoe. I had the 2010 hyperdunks for my basketball season. I like the look and all, but throughout the season the shoes started to rip on the outside edge. Also the paint of the design on the side of the edge would smear. Honestly I am fond these shoes and they feel good to wear; however, if you are looking for a quality basketball shoe I would recommend trying to find a different shoe.", "EXELENTE SERVICIO DE ENVIO Y CALIDAD, LOS ZAPATOS SON MUY BUENOS DE MUCHA CALIDAD Y MUY LIVIANO PARA AQUELLOS QUE QUIEREN GANAR UN POQUITO DE VELOCIDAD. RECOMENDADO EL PRODUCTO Y EL VENDEDOR 100 %.", "Wear them everywhere, very durable, very comfortable, well sized.  A very nice product, for a really good price, can't beat it.", "These are pretty nice shoes except the material they're made out of is a little funky, it's pretty hard and is like a canvas with plaster on it. The only part that is leather is the nike logo and the back", "Buen Precio, Entrega Rapida y Producto de Calidad, tienda muy responsable. seria bueno que envien catalagos de otros modelos shoes, para latino america", "I have been looking for these shoes since I saw them @ footlocker over a year ago...then I could not find them anywhere, but thanks to amazon they are now on my feet!shoes were new but...It looked as though someone had tried them on! still a good buy though,", "The Air Max Hyperdunk is a solid basketball shoe.  It has ankle support, a nice cushion from the 360 air, and a sleek design for superior performance.  I wish it was a tad bit lighter or I would have given it 5 stars.  The removable ankle strap is a nice plus, and the all black design looks great if you have a black uni.  It will take you about 5 uses before the shoe is broken in.  I cannot review on durability issues but with all nike shoes, it's most likely you have about 1-2 basketball seasons before you should be looking for a new shoe.", "Nice shoes. Clean look. Nothing to complain about, if you like the classic look get these. There comfortable and easy to clean.", "It's getting tougher and tougher to find products at the brick and mortar stores these days.  They show up on the website, but when you go there, it's only available online.  After looking at a half-dozen local shoe stores, I finally gave up and ordered it through Amazon.  So much for supporting the local economy.  These shoes are great for business casual.  They're very subtle and don't look like sneakers.  Very comfortable too.  I'll be sad when Nike finally discontinues the Air Force One series.", "I was suggested this shoe when I went for a personalized running shoe fitting.  I had seen this shoe before and enjoyed the style so, it was on my list of \"maybes\" already.When I got fitted it was first noticed that I have a fairly flexible foot.  But I pronated when I ran.  This means I need a little more support than normal.  Luckily it was not enough to need inserts, just a more structured shoe.  In comes the Nike Triax Structure 14.I compared this shoe against 5 others and it fit my foot the best.  Brooks were too stiff, Saucony were loose in the front of the foot, New Balance didn't \"hold\" my heel.  But that's my foot, not yours.Overall, I love this shoe.  Works great for me.  Quality is top notch.  It's light, breathes well.  Great colors.  It's NIKE.", "I've been running in the Nike Equalon (versions 1 - 4) for the last 2+ years and finally decided to make a switch and try something different. This shoe offers similar support, but it's slightly more cramped so I've had to start wearing a much thinner sock. I have very flat feet and I've found that something with the \"fitsole\" in these shoes really starts to bother my calf/achilles in a way that my Equalons never did. On the positive side they do offer a secure fit and a comfortable ride for shorter distances.", "This shoe is a great jogger/trainer shoe. It has ample support but is not too heavy. I was able to do plenty of training and races with no issues. The shoe is also fashionable enough to wear outside of running. Great design inside and out", "I spent several years when I first started running looking for a shoe that worked for me. Because I'm larger runner, I need a stability shoe even though I have normal arches. I read a review of the Nike Zoom Structure when it was 11. They were recommended for larger runners so I decided to give them a try. They were perfect. I was able to increase my weekly mileage without pain or injury.I stuck with this shoe through version 12, 13, and now 14. Every year the shoe has been great for me until now. I don't know what has changed. I have pain on the top of my feet, the joints of my big toes, and my ankles. I noticed the top of the shoe where the laces go through has changed. It is higher on the foot than previous designs. I ended up changing my lace pattern to relieve some of the pressure, but I'm still struggling with the pain. May be time to find a different shoe.", "I don't often write glowing reviews, but these shoes really impressed me. I've had knee and ankle pain for years from running, and I always tolerated and struggled through it. I always figured that the pain would subside after I lost just a little more weight, or strengthened my legs a little more.I've tried:Vibram 5 FingersNewtonsAsics KayanoMizuno (some fairly neutral soft sole)None of those worked for me. In truth, the Vibram 5 fingers I may just not be ready for yet. The Newtons are nice for the first 3 miles or so, but made my calves cramp up after that since they try to force a constant forefoot strike. That form may be ideal if you're a 160 lb marathoner, but if you're a 225 lb guy, it's not a sustainable running form - at least not for me.This is a very stable shoe. Almost like a very light weight cross trainer. I find that when I run with these, I have a midfoot strike which is perfect for me. Most supportive running shoes I've tried have a higher heel that causes a heel strike - exacerbating knee pains. This shoe also doesn't have any of that really annoying arch support crap that just causes blisters on your instep. It seems to correct pronation by some sort of magic that I haven't figured out yet. I even stopped using my prescribed foot orthotics with these. I run better and more comfortably without them.I wouldn't tell you to rush out and buy these because everyone's different. Though I will tell you that if you're a runner with knee, ankle, or pronation issues, these shoes should be at the top of your list of shoes to try out the next time you're at a running shoe store.", "this product was exactly how it was described online. these shoes met my expectations exactly! nike tends to run a little small in my experience but these were true to size and they stretch a little as you wear them in.", "This is worth the price. Very very confortable and they look great. I'm not a huge fan of how some other shox models look but this one is really pretty and fits perfectly. I can wear them all day long.", "These shoes work great for what I needed them for. I needed a shoe that would be easy for transferring from a wheelchair.", "It said 9.5 Male but it was really an 8!!! I had to resale and no one wanted to pay the price for this bc it just wouldn't fit anyone. Not even females with a big foot", "shoes came as ordered, the said order a whole size bigger but nobody had that size at all. hard to find. so i went with a half size bigger. they are a little snug but stretched out now and are great. love them. very happy these shoes were out of stock everywhere", "My son LOVES these wrestling shoes and they are holding up great  through 3 wrestling matches and practice a week!!!", "My nephew wanted these so I purchased them for him. He's an all state wrestler and said he had to have these. I know nothing about wrestling, but if says these were great and a must have, all I can say is these were a great buy and I'd recommend them to anybody reading this review!", "delivered one day late for my son's tournament but he won in his old shoes so all is okay. he loves these by the way.", "Too sad... I thought it was the same number that i use my nike shoes... It really dessapoint me. Not fit at all.", "This is a popular shoe.  Went to the rumble in Utah.  This is a display of many different styles and types of shoe.  I noticed that this shoe is very popular.Everything advertised was delivered and met my expectations.  That is why I gave this 5 stars.  No surprises, I got what I ordered and expected.Thank you.", "I have had a pair of these shoes for one year and only used them in practice (as a coach) and one competition and they are showing some serious wear.The wrestlers I coach have the same shoes (courtesy of our school), which is great, but they don't last much longer than a season.  They also leave me wanting more for ankle support, while it's adequate, I feel that other shoes on the market, particularly the adidas response, can provide stronger support.", "DESPITE THE FACT THESE SNEAKERS ARE A 2010 MODEL, THEY LOOK AND FEEL GREAT. THE MAIN FEATURE IS ITS WEIGHT. THEY ARE REALLY LIGHT........I DEFINITELY ENJOY PLAYING BASKETBALL WITH MY SNEAKERS ON!!!", "My son had his heart set on these sneakers, looked everywhere then found them here and the price was great too! Have had new for several months and I am very happy witht he quality, unlike some other brands, these are holding up beautifully! NIKE fan!", "I was EXTREMELY happy with my order :) thanks so much. it came on time and i saved money :)", "Yup, the headline says it all. I bought these a month ago, waas kind of skeptical about the color but since it matched my work uniform, I've been turning heads with these babies.Great hike boots, even if it is hike boots, they can be used for work too which I enjoy very much. Fits perfectly and cushions my every step. These are a real keeper!", "This company does not send your items ordered when THEY NOT AMAZON give you an original date of receiving items.  They then change the date of your order to reflect that it was actually ordered later and now after I have cancelled the item with them several times, went ahead and charged my account.  This is against the law and I will make sure this is not done to others.  VERY UNFAIR SELLER !..  They never respond to your Emails.  Never will order through them again.", "My son received these for Christmas (after begging and hinting for months).  He wasn't disappointed.  The shoes are of great quality.  The Nike size chart I printed out was a great help and very accurate.  I would recommend these.", "In a very short time the bottom of these shoes separated, and my big toe came through the upper. Name brands like Nike are not always the best. This is one of those times.", "These sneaks are beautiful!  I love looking at them on my feet.  Used for high intensity aerobic workouts, total comfort and a comfortably wide width.  True to the half size.  The only reason I didn't go five stars is because the top rung on the laces is a little too high up for me.  But, that doesn't bother me enough not to love these shoes!", "This has to be one of my favorite style of Nike shoes.  I've had these shoes for almost a year and I love them, except for I've noticed on the left shoe somewhere in the toe area the material sometimes squeaks.  The squeaking randomly occurs, I noticed the material feels different there than the rest of the shoe and I cannot recall damaging the shoes in anyway that would cause that.  I also don't remember if they were like that from the beginning, but I doubt they were.", "Do not worry whether these trainers will fit your feet. I bought it to my wife and she reckoned it is perfect for walking or running even on pavement. One important alert: one good pair of proper socks is essential!", "If you are visiting  this page and planning to by Nike 1/2 cent egg plant then probably you should know that this is the place to get maximum discount for this particular product. I waited for more than a month to get more discount on this product but I could not find more than 10%-50% discount for this sneaker anywhere else and then I found this seller and I bought one pair of size 11(D). No comment about sneaker because everybody knows this popular sneaker. so best of luck. I hope you got you had been waiting for.", "I got these about three years back, and they were great. I used them for everything everyday, they are super comfortable and good locking they are just great all around. And after three years of abuse on them they looked so torn up I just had to throw them away also because the rubber on the bottom was almost all gone, but hey they lasted three years. I recommend these shoes to anyone looking for a pair that is super comfy and good looking. Hands down best pair of shoes I have ever owned. :)", "Found the LunarGlide 2+ after doing heaps of Internet/ consumer review research. I've been using these as my primary athletic shoe, especially for resistance training, for about 2 months. No complaints: these trainers are great looking and shockingly  comfortable, and are light as a feather. Nice work, Nike.", "These are the most comfortable shoes I've ever owned.  I have a black pair of 2009 Nike Air Max and I was wearing those everyday for a year before I broke down and bought these!  You can't go wrong with these shoes.  I'm flat footed and have absolutely no problems with my feet hurting when I wear these.", "These are one of the best sneakers that I have ever purchased.  I usually wear size 9, but I bought a 9.5 this time because I suffer with extreme foot pain, most of the time.  Well, this sneaker was awesome, I wear it to work nearly everyday and it is very comfortable.  I also walk a lot on the weekends and it is BOMB!!!  It is just right and what the doctor ordered.  My feet hurt less, and I really feel great about that....I'm looking for it in Black and whatever other colors that they do have ...in it...LOL!!!!", "I play disc golf professionally so i am constantly looking for the next best hiking/running shoe that is going to be able to keep up with the conditions discgolf brings to shoes. These shoes completely hold up to the constant beating. The toe area is wide, unlike most everything nike makes. They are so warm and comfortable too. 8 hours later of walking all through mountin, hill, flat, wet, cold, whatever terrain, my feet feel amazing as if I haven't been on them all day. The grip on these is amazing. The rubber and fabrics do not tear, or wear. I will be on the search for more of these.", "While the Gore-Tex does it's job of keeping your feet dry, the top two hooks on the boots are not well secured and can come off.  Otherwise, it's a very solidly built shoe.", "every couple of years, Nike makes a decent ACG boot, and you have to get them while they last. When I can, i buy a couple of extra pairs, because it is always certain, it won't be long before they dump the model and replace it with some exposed-bubble-heel geegaw/froufrou-heavy piece of garbage. 15+ years after they introduced those idiotic bubble heels, somehow they still think it's flashy to show off wow, i got bubble heels! what do i know, maybe in the fool markets they seem to cater to with all their sports hype, you know, the people who leave the tags on their clothes (it be new, yo!), that stuff matters. Me, i just need a solid breathable shoe I can wear on sidewalks all day every day. I don't think Nike puts a cent into marketing this line, and they seem to treat it like people will actually use it for hiking.Anyway, buy 3 pairs, or better yet, wait a couple months until they discontinue it then snap up extras cheap on ebay.", "Bought these for my husband for Christmas, they're the only winter boot he'll wear except for Sorels when the snow is deep. Nike's are his favorite brand and fit him perfect. He likes the Gore Tex boot so much he asked me to order another pair now since I was having a hard time finding them. He has already worn out quit a few pairs over the past 8 to 9 years and wants to make sure he has a back up pair. He said they are comfortable, keep his feet  dry and warm and have great traction for our winter conditions. It was 10 below zero this morning when he went to work and he was wearing his Nike boots! Thanks for still carrying these boots, I will be placing my order next and hope you still have his size.", "este fue en regalo para mi esposa, lo unico de lo que ella se queja es que en la parte de abajo son muy apretadas y durante todo el dia provocan cansancio.", "This was purchased as a Christmas gift for my 13 year old cousin. He can only wear all black shoes/sneakers to school so I thought these would be perfect. The item was as advertised & arrived in a timely fashion. The box was a tad beat up but, I was creative during gifting. He normally wears a size 13 but, this sneaker ened up being to big...so I have to return them =^( but the overall quality and value is great. I'm going to try a 12 because for some reason this sneaker swallowed his foot...lol", "My mother and i recently bought these shoes to use as we work out on our wii! We have the wii fitness and the wii zumba dance and a few other active wii games and wanted a light weight shoe that was comfortable and had a little grip to them and these shoes are our answer!!", "Beautiful shoe, very hard to find. Recieved many compliments on it.Only gripe the green is very shiny and in certain lights has a gold sheen to it.But on the plus side it's very comfortable and super cute.", "You rarely see a Nike symbol and Air Jordan symbol on the same shoe, but these shoes are fresh. Get compliments on them all the time. They look good with anything, definitely worth the purchase. (Picture makes the shoes look like they have a touch of down syndrome but when you wear them they look like they have 23 chromosomes).", "I love these shoes... I bought them because Dr. Oz recommended them as favorite things on Oprah. They arrived and fit exactly as I expected. They are supportive and comfortable, but also very light.", "Sorry, Nike... I want to like you, but just cannot!  I tried to wear you over and over, and just not enough shoe for my comfort.  I know it is supposed to fit \"like a sock\" and feel like nothing, but neither of those are true for me in this case.Went with the vibram five finger to get THAT feel!", "The only running shoe I wear is the Nike Free & I have never had an issue with sizinz, but these run small.  My toes smash into the front of the shoe.  I also expectd a bit more support in the HYPERTrainer.", "I really like these shoes.  I wear them all the time.  They are comfortable,light weight and my feet do not hurt after wearing them!  The other plus that I have found is I can even wear them with my ankle brace and they still fit perfectly!", "I bought these for the gym and they are great.  Fit perfectly! Very comfortable! This is a great price for this item.", "Ordered  one size too large and still toe touching end of shoe!Cute shoe but too short- will have to order 2 sizes too big next time!", "I received a completely different shoe,I got black and white Nikes .not even CLOSE to what I wanted!!! Hate them", "Super stylish very comfortable and I love them. Shipment was fast and price was also reasonable for these retro air max 90' no complaints :)", "This is one of my favorite Air Max sneaker. It fits perfect, very comfortable and it gives you height. The colors are go girly and cute. I love being stylish in sneakers.", "I like these shoes the best I love these shoes they was the best I ever bought from you all I like the color of them alot", "I was s looking for a replacement pair of sneakers for an old pair of Adiddas tennis sneakers. These were the closest I could find in terms of comfort within my price range. Nike brand fits my feet better than others, especially with regards to arch support, so I am quite satisfied.", "I got these for 55$ in gator skin green, golden edition. These shoes look amazing and feel great out on the court. Best shoe purchase in months", "I like the shoes but Nike really blew on the sizing for these.  I don't know what it is with Nike but every once in a while, I find a style that runs really small.  I usually wear an 11.5-12 and I probably need an 12.5-13 in this shoe.  For me, these run easily a size to size and a half small.  These shoes also are narrow.  Style is nice but the fit is horrible.", "Yes, I had to have them and I have worn them but maybe only once or twice.  They hurt my feet, too narrow", "These Air Jordan L'Style II sneakers are made by Nike.Although the Air Jordan L'Style II was not constructed for basketball, they look fashionable and sporty. This colorway looks equally good withCargo Shortsor, my fave -Levi's 505 JeansPROS:The Air Jordan L'Style II features a high-cut design, soft leather upper with visible Air pocket, clean midsole, and an Air Jordan 'winged' logo on the heel.The sneaker size runs true - I wear size 10 and they are a perfect fit.The shoes are Medium width allowing extra comfort for wider feet and the ankle support is as phenomenally comfortable!These Air Jordan L'Style II sneakers are comfortable, durable and stylish - Definitely 5 STARS!Hope this review was helpful ... Jeffrey A. (Jeff)", "this is an older model Jordan shoe that still is timeless and beautiful. more of a relax and chill type shoe but has the makings to be an exercise shoe if you like. suede type and leather. fit is bang on.", "Love my new sneakers. These replaced a pair of FILA Ninety Six Triple Blacks that I have had for the past 5 years that I bought at a store in Norfolk VA.I wanted another pair of black sneakers and thank God Nike still makes an all black sneaker since the FILA triple blacks are discontinued.They arrived a week before the time deadline, and excepting for these 2 rubber straps that I have no clue where it goes on the shoe, fit me just perfectly. I am wearing these as I write this review. They are very comfortable after the break-in period off-course, and yes I will recommend them to everyone looking for a nice pair of sneakers.", "I purchased these Jordan's to wear to the office. They just made the dress code. Prior to these I was wearing some very uncomfortable shoes(They shall remain nameless). These J's are great because you can rock em with khakis to the office or lounge with em in some jeans. Oh and they are so easy to clean and stay fresh looking despite them going through the turbulent Michigan weather. So if your looking for some comfortable business casual shoes you can't go wrong with this fine product from Jordan brand.", "Like the Air Max 24/7's predecessor, the Air Max Plus, this running shoe offers superb cushioning and an excellent ride. The fit is quite comfortable and one of the best on the market for those that like excellent rebound throughout the entire foot. Despite its merits, however, (and also like its predecessor) the 24/7's durability for outdoor running on asphalt begins to fade at about the 300-mile mark. My current pair developed holes in the outer plastic-like part of the sole on the right shoe (not the left) at about 300 miles, which is entirely disappointing in proportion to the price. Although I bought my pair on sale and did not pay \"list price\", a good pair of running shoes should last closer to 500 miles; I have had earlier versions of the Air Max Plus last that long without encountering the problems that the latest ones have had.Overall, I would recommend this running shoe if you can get it on sale, but not at full price. There are others out there that will offer similar qualities at a lower price.", "Very comfortable but very minute mistakes all over my left shoe.  The right one looked fine, but the left one had sewing errors and manufacturing defects.  I'm sure it's not the seller, just Nike.  I promptly returned the shoes with no hassle.", "This is in my opinion Lebrons best looking shoe. Its heavier then most basketball shoes out there but its extremely comfortable. There is a lot off cushioning in the front of the sole for your toes, the heels and the tongue itself.The shoes came brand new as stated but i was a little disappointed that the box was damaged. Def worth buying if your prefer comfort over light weight", "Bought them for my son, couldn't have asked for better boot to keep him warm and dry whether it was raining or snowing.", "I wear theses boots everyday I live in Kansas and we are having really bad snow storms and theses are amazing I even used them at work and there very comfortable I wear a size 12 and the true fit.", "These were a gift for somebody else and his comments were: &#34;These fit perfectly and they are soooo much more comfortable than my other (cheaper) ones.&#34;Price may be a bit high for my own budget but I guess that's having to pay for the &#34;name&#34; Nike. However, it also comes with the quality of Nike so I really can't complain at all!  :-)", "I bought these for my grandson and he loves them.  The fit is perfect and so is the look of the boot.", "Bought these for my husband and he loves them, but they run small. I had to return and get a whole size bigger.", "I bought these sneakers for my Godson.  I was happy to see they arrived quickly.  They are a bit narrow so if you have wide feet, make sure you order them in wide.", "I love my boots! They fit more comfortable once I broke them in & they go with almost anything. Thanks!", "Nice shoes, beatiful and elegant, I like itI don't know how much resistant are because I did't bought it for play basketball, I use it only for daily use.", "My yearly purchase of good shoes. Every year I purchase these same shoes just because they fit my foot like no other. Maximum Comfort from Heal to Toe. I'd rather spend a $150 bucks on some really good shoes than to deal with a bad back. I've worked for specialized shoe store for 3 years. I know fro experience this show is one of the best out there. I prefer style and comfort not just one or the other. This shoe offers both.", "My son says these boots are warm and comfortable. He doesn't drive, lives in the NorthEast, and walks to & from work (approx. 5 miles) most days. These boots keep his feet warm, dry, and comfortable. Will probably order more for next winter.", "At first they were causing a lot of blisters but that is normal for new shoes.  Now that they are broken in she loves them.  The company was kind enough to make sure they arrived before Christmas and that was above and beyond good customer service and I will buy from them again.", "I was really happy when I received my shox. The product was in perfect condition and I seriously received it in just a couple of days. The shoes ended up being a little too small for me. So I was planning on returning them and buying the next size up as soon as possible. Unfortunately, the seller doesn't pay for return shipping. I was quite unhappy to find that out. And what's more is that I've already returned the shoes, but I have yet to receive my refund. I would've been happy if there was just a little more customer service.", "I have had these for over 4yrs now and these are by far the best tennis shoes I have ever owned. They have not torn any and I where them almost everyday except in the summer time.", "This is a great shoe.I am athletic and  I have a narrow size 9 womens foot, and these are even a bit tight on me in the width.. so if you have a normal or wide foot, these are definetly not for you - as for style, I love the basic black w/ gray - I can put neon laces in them, and they look cool. And as for comfort, I do find the tongue to hit my ankle a little wierd while walking, causing it to rub and be irritating, but the cushion of the shox, and the soles, are very soft and offers a lot of support and cushion while walking. I did not run in these shoes, they are a bit heavy for that, and the all leather makes them not very breathable. Overall for everyday walking shoe, I love these, and I got a great deal on Amazon with fast shipping.", "The shoes fit perfect, after a run my feet felt fine with no discomfort at all.  I just became a fan of Air Max", "this shoe is very nice. style is great. the only reason this shoe didnt get a 5 star rating from me is because the sole could be more comfortable other than that a great pair to go out in. i get a lot of compliments", "I have about 55 pairs of sneakers and I love ai force 1s. these make a great addition to my collection", "Nike and the Jordan brand really did a great job with this retro release. Bringing back that classic white cement Air Jordan retro 3, yes the same one Jordan used in the 1988 slam dunk contest, the sneaker is almost an exact replica of the 1988 version. Quality is almost flawless, which is much better then many of Jordan's recent retro releases. These 3's are a must have for any sneakerhead or collectors out there.", "hello my deduction is that they are the best air jordan retro I recommend are very comfortable and very nice to go out to the street or playing basketball I recommend 100%.", "the fit was perfect and the shoes arrived as expected .....shoes were exactly what was described wouldnt hesistate to buy again", "Only problem was the package was dropped off at my front door while no one was home and it could have gotten stolen, that is unacceptable", "These shoes were one of the first ones we seen but they were in white and they were BIG KIDS. My son approved of the white ones but they were nowhere to be found.We surfed the web for 3 hours and couldnt find anything find anything acceptable within my budget that met his standards.Two days later I seen there were only 3 pairs of these left so I bought them knowing they could be returned if his majesty did not approve. 3 days later they arrived and my son LOVES THEM!!!!!!!SCORE SCORE SCORE!!!!!", "Bought a pair two years ago, could not resist the opportunity to purchase another pair.  These are some of the best shoes I've ever owned", "I love these shoes ... color and the combination is great .. nike is nike ... I'm thinking about buying another in another color combination", "It isnt even similar to the photo an it arrived dirty i had to clean it up before use it. Not a good choice", "I wore Nike Shox R4 for over a 1000 miles, the best shoes I ever purchased. Decided to purchased Nike Conundrums and I have been regretting that decision ever since. Initially they caused blisters on my small toes and later on started to give me shin splits and side stitches. The insides of the shoes are rough which gives me abrasions on the top of my feet.DO NOT purchase these shoes, a sheer waste of money. R4s are the best, go for them if  you want to take your running seriously.", "I wish I could review these, but I never got them.... so writting that so it goes away from things I need to review.", "its a good shoe, it can be worn for almost any occasion. its comfortable the only problem I have is that if it spends too much time outside in the rain or snow your feet starts to get wet.", "I suppose I bought one of the last pairs of these shoes.  When I couldn't find any of these shoes in Las Vegas (yes, even at Nike Outlet stores), I turned online.  Found out they are disco'd.  Too bad.  They look nice and will go with anything I wear.  Very casual, but can be very dressy depending on the clothes.  They are light in weight and flexible once they are broken in.  But they take a few weeks to break in, and during that period, they were not comfortable because the tongue was hard and dug into the front of my ankle with every step.  But now they're great.", "Not very comfortable one.... but looks nice..to heavy.. and also the size was a little small that I owned...and came in not original box..I was thinking that it would be better...", "Looked for this shoe in the store. None of the stores carried this shoe in a half size. I wanted a little more room for my little one. A whole size bigger would have been to big. This half size gives him the comfort he needed. And allows him enough room to put on and pull off with no problem. They also look neat with his uniform on bad weather days.", "I live in oregon, the rainy state! So I wanted a shoe that was durable for the rain and stylish. I am very pleased with this buy! I will buy more when he outgrows it!", "Arrived on time even throught all the snow storms all over the state. It also fits my little one perfect still has room to grown in them.", "The boots are extremely light and when you pick them up you are shocked they are so light. My Lady loves them.  Virtually waterproof and keep her feet very dry she loves them.  We live in a snowy winter area and she has no complaints.", "Feel comfortable and cozy.Since I bought them I've received many compliments.Look like shown at websiteVery happy with my purchase!", "Fit is good, arrived on time and I love the look. Will probably order again in the future. More colors in this style would be nice.", "Well made and great fit.  My daughter is a &#34;flyer&#34; so the base girls are happy that this shoe doesn't rip up their hands..  SUPER soft sole", "We found the shoe to be much heavier than expected. It's probably fine just as a sideline cheer shoe, but way too heavy for any type of competitive cheer. We returned them.", "I got these shoes for Zumba and upon purchase they were too snug for me to work out in for the entire hour.  I'd ordered in the size I normally do.  Once I lost weight and about 1/2 of a shoe size, they fit great and move across the floor well without being slick.  Order half a size too big!", "Came as advertised, fit well and look good. Would recommend to anyone looking for a nice pair of shoes for tennis or just casual shoes", "I've been getting my son Nike's for years because they are wide, these are perfect fitting, but the seam came undone already.", "just as advertised the correct color and everything.  I purchased a pair off of Ebay and it was not as describe very comfortable.", "THANK GOD Gary Payton decided to Re-Release these... The model is like no other sneaker out there.. While everyone is up jordans butt, These are the greatest alternative option you can pick.. Comfort on your ankles is great. The toe design.. The unzipped design is UNREAL. The monkey paw is the most uniquest, freshest touch they can add..Pros* Extreme comoft. All uppers with strechy material wont crease when worn. only White ones will.* foot stays in place*superior Grip on the court for the ballers*Neck Breakers*un-hyped so easily purchased in stores!Cons*Bulky look when wearing shorts THATS ITTipsWhen wearing them zipped up, dont zip it up all the way, as the zipper can break. so half way torwards the top nike logo and just strap them together using the Velcro.", "Could not find these in the store in this color anywhere! Found them here for a little more $$ but overall worth it because they are exactly what he wanted !", "Great looking shoes, I get so much compliments when wearing these. But they get hot inside so if you play ball or any sports in them, it will get sweaty very quick.", "I like them alot i didnt know how they would fit but they fit perfectly i love them for basketball", "Came when it said it would. Fits and looks as advertised.", "Love it! fits really nice, looks really good on my feet and it is different to most 'ole skool' shoes on the market", "I let these shoes slip away in my teen years and almost did again just recently. I get compliments when I wear them. Two thumbs up", "great shoes", "I bought these thinking they were the two part shoe I had back in the day. These are sewn together one part shoes that make no sense. They don t transfer impact the way the old ones did.", "Fit (ready for this one?)..... Like a glove...... Great shoe couldn't be more happy with my purchase. Had people stop me and ask about.", "Just like the nike hyper flight, their great I just wish I got the right size! Great shoes in my opinion though.", "Very satisfied that my son was so happy when he received his nike gloves and was able to sport them to school to show his friends.", "A pair of Nike Women's T-Lite VIII Leather It's a nice item, cool appearance and color. It's totally comfortable for walking and jogging http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004LBNPMY/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title", "very good product, unless the specified size is different, I think there are sizes for children and adults, by mistake I did not learn of it", "I bought it last year for my daughter.  It looks well up to now.  It is not very fashionable  but It is more durable.  It is a wise purchase.", "Hello, the product is very softthe material is very goodthe send on time thanksSee you zoom in another buy", "This is a great classic Nike sneaker. Fits to size, comfortable, great all around shoe. Bought for my daughter who is very happy with them", "Sorry but this shoe was too narrow and the leather was more like vinyl. I live in a state where the climate is usually always hot so my shoes need to have lots of mesh ventilation. I could not really tell what the show was like by the photo but thanks anyway.", "Love these shoes , fit well and extremely comfy!  I will for sure purchase from here again when I need another pair ..fast delivery too!", "I loved every thing about these shoes. I even liked the colors white and blue thanks bla bla bla bla", "The shoes fit just fine. I wear a prosthetic foot and it's a little hard to get on but I figure that will get better as time goes by.", "Excellent, the article is fit as expected. On time as expected. I recommend. Thanks a lot. Marcelo.  See you next time", "I bought it, and arrived in good condition with everything I had imagined now just enjoy it, very good. EXELLENT PRODUCT", "I think these shoes are closer to a size 11 than 11-1/2 as my toes are right up to the front of the shoe.", "This shoe fits perfect.  I have a narrow foot and it wraps around my foot.I usually wear a 5-5 1/2 so this shoe must run a bit small. It is light in weight and very comfortable.Mary LouNew Jersey", "Like the product very much, but find the price a little high.  Used to use a coupon at Kohl's Department store.  But they did not have them last time I checked.  But need them for my five mile walks everyday.  They fit the best of all I have tried in the past.", "These shoes, which I purchased for walking 5-6 miles a day, are a perfect fit and nice leather quality.  I would recommend them and I would purchase them again.", "I love my nike shoes, Just what I was looking for, soft, light and cute. I loved my new nike.", "Me encantan lo zapatos deportivos, son de gran uso para mi; por que siempre ando caminando y son bastante comodos.", "this shoes is the best i had one of this when i was in school days and always said i must have back one of this and this is going in 3years now and this shoes is still strong and durable the strap in front over the laces and the high top also helps with the back of the ankle in flame ( medical ) so all in all i would recommend a 5start rating on this shoes", "Great product! Was shipped quickly. Tags are still on it. Can't wait to give it away for a Christmas gift!", "I'm a tennis player who plays three to four times a week and these socks have never let me down. They're absorbent, they're durable and they're comfortable.I will say though, I'm a size 12.5 and I notice no difference in the L and XL sizes.", "These socks were a great buy for my grandson.  I got them at a great price, and received them in plenty of time for Christmas giving.", "the socks are comfortable.  Items arrived as described.  I would recommend these socks as they are value for money.  They provide good support.", "Amazon showed socks as size 10-13 and shipped by QUIKSHIP. Order arrived within 4 buisness days, but the socks were loose in a bag that had a hole in it inside a postal envelope. The size was 8-12, the order form also showed 8-12. They were shipped from Onaina (yes, we now are dealing with 3 different entities for some socks). The return policy looks like a nightmare and I have to pay return shipping!", "I bought these for my son in law as he likes Nike products. It was a gift for him. When these arrived along with several other items I had ordered, the plastic bag they were in inside the shipping box was slightly opened. No big deal, but it allowed me to take them out and check out the quality of the socks. These are no better than the ones I get at Costco in a large package for about 1 third the price. It just seems ridiculous to me that they can charge so much for these just because they have the Nike logo on them. I would never buy these for myself knowing that the quality for the price does not make any sense.", "These socks worked as I was expecting and kept my feet cool and dry when going on long walks or light jogs in hot weather. Haven't worn them through the rain or through a very long run but I assume they will hold up well", "They look exactly like the picture, I wear a 8 in women shoes but I purchased a 6.5 in big kids which I should of got the 6 they are a bit too big but I still love them.", "I purchased these 2010 Air Max's while I was deployed in 2011-2012... I really loved how they went with the PT Uniform. Aside from that, they are Air Max, so you gotta know that the fit and comfort level of the shoe was phenomenal as always. I am a big Air Max fan. I went with the 2010's instead of the 2011's because I thought that the 2010's had a better look during my online search. I later seen a pair of the 2011's and I was very upset with my decision. However, I do still own the 2010's and I am still happy with them. I will probably look into purchasing the 2012 Air Max's here very soon. If you have never owned a pair of Air Max tennis shoes before then it is time that you get a pair. They are great for running and just plain old grueling gym workouts.", "when i used my new NIKE Air Max i thought it will be like the old on Nike Air Max 2but the old one was much better the shock absorbing is not not as good as the old onei have used it twice outdoor its much better than some other brands in the market but sure its not consideredthe best ........", "Genuine and good quality product, light weight and easy to clean.  I'm using these since last 10 months and they are as good as new.", "das;flj a;dlkfjads fakldjfadl; f;lakdjfa;l df ad;lkjfa;ldskjf ;aldkjfa;ldsk f;akldfjdkhguerngv fdgrn crifncjdgn fcjgfna gfrvgam v pfagnafdjn apds;lf a;dsklfjadnmc mcoapindmf mcapu;dfds ccaioncaipom fcmaudjfa fahcn", "The product was cool, good quality and good looking... kind of late cauz they were coming from Hong Kong, what i didn't know but i wish them since i was child, so it doesn't matter, I have seen just one of them around my country Ecuador, so these are gonna be the second ones... I love Jordan shoes..", "up to know i did not recieved my son shoe thats terrible and today is the12th august  thats not good at all", "Im giving this 5 stars because with Nikes i know they'll last a very long time as compared with Chucks, and because they look awesome and they are comfy most of the time.My only gripe with these shoes is that i got them at my actual size foot, and they squeeze the crap out of my feet(because i have really wide feet, like two iPhone 4s wide feet). Apparently, according to my friend the Nike expert, i needed to order a size up, so that was my fault. I'm trying to break them in and they are squeezing my feet less, as i do wear them more and break in.In other words, good shoes, but to avoid foot problems(if you have wide feet as i do), order a size up, because these red radiant babies are too awesome to pass up.", "I love these shows, as a nike head it's exactly the style and fit I was looking for. Very pleased with my purchase", "this item really good have it for some time now an it really is a great product no regrets buying this item", "Excellent product, this was just what I expected, the model is very good shoe, shoes are very comfortable and look great on your feet", "This shoe is really comfortable and, of course, the Nike name and logo are really nice. The only drawback is in the front of the shoe. The laces never really hold the front of the shoe evenly. There is a bowing affect near the front of the shoe. This is a minor imperfection that nobody but me probably notices. But, I am not used to it from Nike. Other than that, a great shoe and good value for the price.", "I bought these shoes to play basketball on some of NYCs courts. Great quality. They felt much better than my sneakers and they're a good cut around the ankle, not too low, not too high. I felt as though I could jump higher in these shoes. The price is great and the style is there. Basic, simply basketball shoe providing everything you need to enjoy the game and not go home with insane blisters / sore knees etc. I would highly recommend these to anybody who doesn't want to spend over the top for the top of the line product, but is willing to settle for a great product none the less.", "fast shipping, great seller,I bought these sneakers for my 16 yr old son.He said they are comfortable and he likes the style.The right price too.", "My son wears size 10/11 tennis shoes so I ordered a 12 knowing they run small.  To my dismay, they were so small I could barely squeeze his foot into them.  Needless to say they will be returned. Quality if manufacturing otherwise seemed fine in comparison to another brand we already had...", "My boys wear a 2.5 an a 2.  I read these run small so ordered a 4 and a 3.  I wish I had just ordered the 4s for both boys.  These run about 1.5 - 2 sizes small.  Other than that the quality seems good.  Will order these again", "The are great futsal shoes, the feel is good and they are really comfortable. the only problem is the durability, expected them to last much more, like 4-6 months only", "i like it , the shoes are very nice , i like it , i like it. . . .", "These shoes were very good looking and nice, but they were AT LEAST 2 sizes smaller than marked, and apparently I am not the only one who says this. Who knew to check reviews for a pair of Nikes. Seller makes you pay for both shipping and return shipping charges as well!! Not cool! I measured the shoes on the inside with a measuring tape. MENS Size 10.5 measured 8.5 on the inside. Rediculous.  DONT EVEN BOTHER.", "This score was chosen for &#34;love&#34; as the color of the product along with its quality make the vendor is qualified in such manner. I recommended to my niece buy a model nike5 gato and hopefully soon will enter. thanks", "This is my second pair of Air Gatos- I rocked the first as my dailies for about three years. This pair is not quite as supple, but otherwise exactly what you would expect- comfortable and good looking, but it runs AT LEAST a full size too small, maybe even a size and a half.Since this is not an amazon.com item, I had to pay shipping to return it for the proper size.  If you're not sure about the size, maybe Zappos.com because they have free shipping both ways.", "I'm a huge fan if Nike shoes as they work great for me in running shoes.  First pair of soccer shoes I've ever owned by them and they seem to almost be cut a little smaller than your actual shoe size.  I will admit that they fit very snug.  Not sure if anyone else has these issues with them if I were to reorder I'd go up by at least a half size.  I am aware that with soccer shoes you do not really want play, but at the same time should feel as though you're wearing a turn-a-kit on your foot.", "los zapatos son para mi papa y ella quedo encanto con el modelo me dijo que era justo lo que estaba buscando", "I loved playing in these shoes. They are super light compared to the Adidas Sambas i had. I really never liked Nike but these shoes i like. I was going to get the Adidas Predators but they were sold out. good for shooting and great grip on the pitch.", "these are totally acceptable shoes, but by todays standard, i think there is a lot higher quality of shoe out there, for its price its good.", "These are good, middle of the road boots.  As others have said, they run almost a full size small.  As a guide, I normally wear 11 1/2 in shoes like this that I want snug to prevent slipping.  So I ordered these in 12s, and they are still just a bit tight, but doable.", "sencillos, bonitos, casi nadie los tiene y me parece hasta ahora lo mejor que ha sacado la marca en cuando a zapatos de futsal", "My so absolutely loves these shoes, he wears them for indoor soccer, and for day to day wear!They run a little small that's it :)", "I ordered an 11 because of other reviews.  I wear a 10.5 and these were still narrow on my feet.", "This is probably the 10th pair of indoor soccer shoes I own.For this model, this is my 2nd pair. Bought an extra pair in case this model gets discontinued.Leather is always the best material for the top. Good feel after breaking in.The midsole has cushlon, and is thick. Gave this shoe a real cushy feel, esp for playing on the hard court or indoor court.The outsole gives good traction.The sizing runs small. I'm always a size 10 (for running shoes). I need a US11 for this.", "People, order a half larger...maybe a full size!!!I had to pay for shipping for a full refund...My size is 7 and i ordered my size!but it's toooooo small...hate when that happensWhy you, Foot Path, can not inform customers about size problem???", "These shoes are great although I think they are a bit narrow and so I would recommend getting a half size larger.", "i tried these shoes out to just kick around town and i love them!!  i have bought 3 pair since!", "The present right shoe fabric seam failure, should verify the product well before we dispatch it as difficult to make the change or claim, the product arrived in Venezuela and we get more expensive to send it for replacement, thank take advice to not lose customers because we trust amazon.", "Having played soccer most of my life I am used to wearing indoor soccer shoes. These have made a great everyday shoe to wear.  At first I was worried because it was a little snug but it loosened up within a few days.  Since they are so light it is like wearing slippers around the house.", "These shoes are very light and comfortable. They breath even though they leather. Very classy looking too. They are tough too, I use them for all kinds of activities from soccer to hiking.", "Love these. Very comfortable,  stylish. Colors work well together. I'm not a runner, maybe bursts while jogging,  but they work for all my exercise needs. Sturdy, well made. As expected from Nike.", "These are wonderful. I was concerned about the size before I purchased them but they fit great. I was also impressed with how fast they arrived.", "Very durable. I'm normally a size 8 in women's and purchased a size 6 kids and they fit perfectly. When laced all the way up, the laces are actually not long enough to be tied together and I had to purchase new laces. They're very comfortable and great for snow and rain without compromising style.", "Quality boot my son can abuse in the elements. I would buy another and the price was a little high as the only downside.", "These boots are awesome. They have literally got me through this CRAZY winter in Chicago. I love them. Perfect for the snow and cold although I wear multiple socks any way. I'm a women's size 8 and I got a boys size 6 they for perfectly.", "Well made, my son loves them and so do I. Great quality and price. Would by them again.  Great buy.", "These are great shoes. Very comfortable and I can wear them with just about anything. However, the lowtop grey version in carbon fiber came out and I like them more.Nike Men's NIKE JORDAN V.5 GROWN CANVAS LOW CASUAL SHOES", "I probably have 50 pairs of tennis shoes and these are probably the sharpest ones I have. I haven't worn them enough to give a rating as to their performance ability, but solely on looks, they are out of this world! Nike out did themselves with this shoe!", "These Nike Air Pegasus 25 shoes are difficult to find (especially in orange and white).  My husband loves this shoe, so I was trying to find another pair.  I had to settle for this color, but was very happy that the seller had lots of great, detailed pictures so I could determine that it's the same shoe my husband likes, only a different color.  They arrived quickly and brand new in the box just as the seller described.  I would definitely buy from this seller again.  These shoes are being phased out, so I may buy another pair until we find another shoe that he likes just as much.  They're great for playing tennis on hard courts.", "I got this sneaker as a Christmas gift for my 11 year old nephew. It was wonderful to see his face light up. The item was as advertised. Arrived in a timely fashion. Packaging was not beat up so I didn't need a seperate box for gifting. The sneakers fit well & my nephew says they are rather comfortable.", "at this price i was extremely happy with my purchase.  my 13 yr old loved the shoes.  they are difficult to find in local stores", "I feel cheated, stolen by these people buy shoes in January and to date I have given them or the money refunded. I have been in contact with them and I do not give immediate response to the problem I need help do not know how people can be so corrupt", "I happened upon a pair of these shoes by accident. (Long story short - I was \"stuck\" in Portland, OR for a month, so I went to a lot of Goodwill's with a friend to pass the time.) I had never seen this style of Nike before, and they looked like pretty good shoes, so I bought them. A week later I finally put them on...I absolutely love these shoes! I love to walk on trails with them, as the bottom of the shoe grips whatever it comes in contact with, which gives me a lot of confidence in my stepping. Also, my feet aren't the least bit tired after wearing them all day. *These may be a couple of years old (I didn't see a goretex tag on mine) but I have nothing bad to say about this great pair of shoes :)", "Cuando ordene los zapatos dec&iacute;a que era del modelo Nike Lady Rongbuk Gore-Tex Waterproof Walking Shoes y el unico color disponible era el Color Name: Grey Pink, pero al recibir los zapatos me encontr&eacute; que eran totalmente diferente al producto mostrado en las fotos, el modelo que recib&iacute; es nike wmns Rongbuk gtx color flint grey / black-wineberry que es totalmente diferente en apariencia y color al ofertado, no recomiendo para nada al vendedorWhen ordering shoes it was the model Rongbuk Nike Lady Waterproof Gore-Tex Walking Shoes and the only color available was \"Color Name: Grey Pink\", but when  received the shoes, I found was it completely different from the product shown in the photos, the model I received is WMNS nike gtx Rongbuk color flint gray / black-Wineberry that is totally different in appearance and color to offered, not recommend for anything this seller. I am so upset because lost my money, and the policy of returns for this seller says \"When you receive your item you have up to 28 days to change your mind and send it back to us in the UK.\" is so expensive thast imposible for me to return it.", "My husband was soooo excited to get these, couldn't yet get them in the States, so a little apprehensive about how long it would take to get them.  Nice surprise, we got them within a week of ordering.  Not so nice surprise, they were NOT waterproof.  Despite being Gore-Tex, the right sneaker was faulty and leaked, his whole foot getting soaked.  He works out in the elements and we've had a week of pouring rain, and sadly, still dealing with wet feet.  They're going back, but ANOTHER not so nice aggravation: having to pay return shipping to the UK.  SO FRUSTRATING.", "These shoes are terribly uncomfortable when crouching. Raising up on your toes causes a bend right near the top of your foot near the little toe that is borderline painful. This makes them useless as cross trainers, as doing lower body exercises that require a weight shift to the front half of the foot creates pinching that is totally unreasonable. Nike should never have released these shoes to market with this major issue.", "I could wear them with almost anything! I like the low top with support they provide this is a great pair of shoes to have in your closet.", "Great shoe. Kobe makes the best basketball shoe out there hands down. Light, durable, control, and grip. What more could you ask for? The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because I did get a blister on the back of my ankle playing basketball. Because these are low cut shoes the back of your ankle isn't protected that much. But that was because I tape my own ankles so I should have given this shoe 5 stars!", "These J's are very comfy. I just say that they should come with shorter laces. The shoe is a low, right? The color is up to anyone's descretion. I have a friend who has the grey and white and the soles and white panels are different. Max Air J's are the way to have some sweet kicks. I only have had the shoes for 1 week. I'll make  another review in 8 months or so. I chose the colors in respect to Mike's years at UNC with the Tar Heels basketball program. The Cmft Max Airs are getting rarer and rarer everyday. The package came to me in 6 days so the seller did a great job; it was fast. Well good luck on finding a shoe in your size. Peace.", "excellent shoes, very comfortables,  very cheap besides excellent quality.recommend these shoes.I was very pleased with this item.recommended", "I was disapointed in this shoe. I usually love Nike shoes but these are not what I expected. They are synthetic and very hard on my feet. I would not buy them again.", "Good arch, comfortable top fit, and no hard leather or plastic rubbing blisters on my foot. I bought these for myself for father's day. I have been picky about my sandals. I had adidas with velcro(hard leather on top blistered my toe). I avoided velcro type sandals this time. I saw other solorsoft shoes, but not like this one. This has a good arch, a soft top that does not leave blisters or rub. This is the best of the Nike Solorsoft. I shopped 6 shoe stores for sandals. I found these particular ones in JCPenny. I could not find these anywhere else. I may need to buy another pair. My main concern for this shoe is the bottom will wear out within 4 months.", "Beware that unlike some other sport slides, there is no velcro flap to adjust.  I found that for me the size ran about one size too small.  I liked it enough however, that I reordered in next size up.", "Bought these as a gift and when he put them on he was amazed by the comfy cushioned solesThe package arrived earlier than anticipatedThe product exceeded seller discriptionI will definately be buying more of these", "I bought these for my son - he loves them.  He thanks me everyday for them.  He says they are very comfortable and soft on his feet.", "these are my second pair of slides. I thoroughly enjoy wearing them! Very comfortable !! I hope they continue to make them for a long, long time !", "Understanding that these are not sized or branded as wide, I still thought I'd be ok as I've owned Nike slide style flip flops in the past. Not so- these are for normal to narrow feet and even after wearing these for about a month, they still don't fit (no break in at all).", "My husband likes it very much. It fits well and feels soft.  He wears it all the time. It is just a bit expensive.", "My last pair of these were the older version with less durability as these and they lasted 6 years So hopefully these last just as long. They look 10x Bete than my last pair.", "So far so good.  Good price and comfortable.  Now to see how long they last.  accurate to the size.  What else can you say about a slide on.", "Size was perfect, very comfortable. I was concerned about welded area that keeps it on your foot. I thought it looked cheap and would rip as soon as it hung on something. I'm very pleased to say they have had the back side get caught by other people stepping on it and it has held up very nicely.", "size is accurate so order the exact size  you  normally wear. The only thing i don;t like its is a little narrow. I will see in a week of breakin if it feels better,", "Very soft comfortable shoe, I normally wear 14's but they were too loose and fell off easily. I ordered 2 more pair after getting these", "I like the sandal fit, although the top fits a bit snug it will likely become somewhat looser with wear. Comfort for everyday wear & running errands", "I got these for my daughter so she'd have something to slip into easyally when she at home just chillin.. She has them on every day. She likes how they fit plus the color they R.Thanks...", "Awesime shoe.My sons favorite color.He was so happy I found them in orange.We luve in a small tiwn and hate driving so far to bot find what he wants.So happy we found them online and were shipped so fast", "However, the quality is not as nike used to be...  I simply glued back the tears and they have held ever since...  They could stand to have them factory reinforced rather than me doing it...  Came as promised", "comfortable , brilliant orange, you can spot them a mile away,  use them as a spot marker on the beach, you will always know where they are", "I bought a pair of Benassi Solarsoft slides in the Black/Black-Dark Grey color earlier this year at Kohl's and LOVE them.  Cushy soles and very comfortable strap across the foot.I saw this color scheme on Amazon and though since they were the same brand and style they would be identical except for the color.  WRONG!!!!This version is made in China (the Black/Black-Dark Greys are made in Vietnam) and the soles are MUCH harder and the straps across the foot are WAY less cushioned.  Very uncomfortable!Here's the bottom line - THIS VERSION IS THE SAME QUALITY AS THE $5 SLIDES YOU CAN PICK UP AT WALMART!!If you are looking at these slides, get the Black/Black-Dark Greys!", "No idea why but it seems people who designed it never wore it. This thing has ribs that dig into your soles that it can be painful. I have restricted to post shower wearing only. I had hoped to make it my default for the apartment but the ribs are too sharp for comfort.", "Greatest freakin sandal ever. if u don't have em get them. its like walkin on a cloud every time u slide them on. And better yet the construction of them makes them durable.", "They fit as expected, i will be ordering more soon.", "Man I feel like a swag master 5000, BUT let me tell ya, these bad boys are comfy. My mom bought these for my bro, and I am always trying to wear them, and my brother gets super mad at me, haha it's hilarious. They feel way better than the cardboard editions, which is the benassi smooth glide or something like that. I definitely recommend these sandals. Main reason is that you can wear socks with these sandals, and your feet don't turn nasty and dirty with those ghetto thong sandals. 5/5 pretty good, but i wish it was made in america and not in china. ehh whatever, capitalism.", "The most comfortable sandals I've ever purchased. The cushion is amazing and it really takes any pain away from the knees and feet", "my husband love the slides and they are very comfy,we have told friends and family about this site,and we will order here again.", "Just what I was looking for.  Comfortable and true to size.  I am happy with my purchase. Not much else to say but required to use certain number of words.", "I stumbled across my first pair of Benassi slides (black and white) in North Carolina on a vacation.  I liked them so much, I wanted to purchase another pair.There's not much I can say about these sandals, other than they are super comfortable and look great.  The part that is in contact with your feet has a wonderful gel-type feel, which provides plenty of cushion when you walk.If you like slide sandals, pick up a pair of these - in whatever color that suits you most.  I'd say the black/white goes with more things (is more neutral) than the blue, but this goes nicely with jeans.Jon", "These are DOOOPE!!!! I dont think I ever got in to a softer pair of slippers in my life  too good", "These are extremely comfortable and look great. They hold up amazingly and are very easy to keep clean. A word of caution - I did order a size DOWN and they fit perfectly.", "These sandals look really nice, feel good, but my foot can't fit all the way inside, the part with the nike sign on it is just to low and squeezes my foot, gets really annoying.", "I bought these sandals after having a positive experience with my last pair of nike sandals. The solarsoft provide amazing arch support.  I wore these on a recent trip in which I walked nearly 5 miles each day.  My arches were well supported, and feet cushioned from the rugged terrain. Highly recommend!  Also the ridges on the sandals allow for comfort.  Last the design of the sandal and color allows the sandal to be versatile, allowing me the wear it with many different outfits.", "They ok not like the pic", "These sandles are super comfortable. They have so much padding on the bottom and it has a texture that makes them feel like you are \"wearing a massage.\" There is also padding under the strap. These are also one of the only slides that actually stay on your feet when you run. These are awesome!!!! (an 11 year old wrote this)", "This product  is perfect for poolside. The size is spot on.  This shoe is very comfortable. I would buy this product again.", "These Nikes are very comfortable. They need some time to great broken in to, but after that they feel Walking outside is also comfortable.", "amazing... I can't beleive that these are that cool and comfortable, I absalutly love them and wish I had more.", "Perfect for in the house daily use. Very comfortable with padding under the strap. Worth spending a few extra bucks.", "My husband is picky about these sorts of sandals.  These sandals arrived promptly, fit exactly as hoped.  My husband likes them a lot.  They are soft and give a little of a cushioned effect.  The surface material has a bit of an unusual feel to it, almost as if your foot feels cool and moist.  The top loop is stitched to the bottom, not just glued, which is unusual.  Very well made.", "This was a birthday request for my grandson. It was the last one in his size. Glad I found this online. He will be excited.", "These slides are very sturdy and durable but yet very comfortable at the same time. Last year I got the black and red ones and I liked them a lot so this year I got the Navy and Light blue pair.I use these for the ocean, pool, or just to ealk around in. Great slides", "These sandals have a soft, cushioned sole that makes them awesome. They are so much better than my old un-cushioned sandals. Definitely recommend these.", "The cushioning on the sole and upper is great, the size in length was perfect. The only problem is that my foot is wide/thick and this sandal was made for very narrow feet, so the strap is too small for my foot and causes some discomfort", "I always wear size 12. These are not 12. Who sizes these sandals.  Seems unprofessional to me. I dont know what is going on here", "item was just what i needed comfortable n light weight would recommend this item to any one. worth the price", "I had another similar pair but these far surpass them in comfort.  The padded upper is very comfortable and makes a secure fit.", "it's bought for my son, and he wishes they were a little wider.  He had Jordan's sandals, and they were wider.", "This Nike sandal is perfect, its size is true to fit and it is very comfortable. Great product, I would recommend this to everyone", "Those tips make it feel like you are walking on a board of nails. And the sandal would not slide on linoluem. Since a stroke I drag one foot and I almost fell when I could not get the sandal to slide.", "Not as comfortable as I thought it would be.  Plus the portion that goes over your feet not one solid piece.  As a result, you can feel the difference in texture between the leather exterior and the yellow cushion interior.  I hope that makes sense.  I'm not too keen on this item.", "I love to wear slides ... At first just for slippers around the house ... and I got these for just that reason.  But they are so comfortable and have such a nice supporting footbed that I ordered another pair to wear in warm weather outdoors. I ordered these 1 size larger than I usually would expecting them to run a bit small. They are slightly long but feel very comfortable so the second pair I ordered is a size 13 and in a sportier color combination with a visible swoosh. I look forward to sporting about in them this summer.", "I purchased this slide-in Nike Benassi last year for my son who plays sports and I wanted a comfortable show for him to slide on in between his games. This shoe has endured a young active teenager and still offers the same comfort as it did when we first purchased it. The shoe provides a soft yet supportive bottom, I sometimes find myself slipping into them when we're at home they are that comfortable. I highly recommend this for any sport players. It will help relax the foot after any game!Sports Mom!", "i bought this to replace my Adidas slipper and i must say it is very comfortable and fashionable it was a lil tight but it takes the shape of your foot after using it. but its a good slipper and i would recommend to anyone", "These sandals are super comfortable! The sandals have these ridges that are horizontal on the area your foot would typically be on to relieve pressure. I enjoy how light they are and their durability. I ready to get me another fresh pair. You should too!Thank you!", "These are very comfortable sandals, almost as comfortable as the LeBron James sandals. I love the colors. Will have to get more colors. I currently have 4 pairs of these. I'm a big sandal guy.", "These slippers kept coming off my feet when I would walk to the pool... Since I'm diabetic I can't always feel that the slipper has come off.  Oh well, I've since gone to pool shoes that I can wear in and out of the pool..  They dry quickly and protect my feet, and I don't need to ever touch the floor with my bare feet.  These dual purpose pool shoes have worked out great for me and have solved my problem...", "Fits very well even for wide feet as myself. Extremely comfortable making you feel well during short walks or simply for chilling.", "great and soft. the downside is that i do use it to shower as well but with the cushion stays wet and cold.", "I regret buying these sandals.  The slide's cut into the top of my feet and aren't well thought out.  I bought one Adidas instead...", "I loved getting these, but I sprained my ankle in them playing hoops quite often and then finally leading me to dislocated my ankle.  They're good, just not for hoops, didn't have enough ankle support for me.", "We are unable to find such LARGE shoes in most shoe stores.  This was the perfect place for us to purchase what we needed.", "My son loves his shoes. They are light and easy for him to maneuver in. An added bonus is that they match school colors!", "Great football Cleats. The ankle support is unparalelled. They are heavy, especially for a wide reciever cleat, but after doing workouts in them, and practices My legs are strong and I am running at full speed and burning people off the line. If you need ankle support then these are the best I have used.", "I've had them for 2 1/2 years, I wear them almost everyday and still look brand new.", "The shoe is bad never got , i wish i can get my money back.Crap shoe worst go on .", "These weee too small for my child. But that's my fault I guess for trying to order from half way across the world.", "I love how the shoes look.  They are cute as hell.  I normally wear a 6 in kids but after reading the reviews before ordering, I ordered a 6,5.  I still feel like I should have gotten a 7.  They are very tight at first but after 4 months of wearing them they have loosened and gotten comfortable. I have to wear very thin socks with them to insure comfort.  The ankle is high in the back and can irritate your sick.  I also suggest taking the top hole shoe lace out for more comfort.  I ended up buying this same shoe again a month later in black and lime.  I got those in a 7 and they fit wonderful.  So going up a size would not hurt.  FYI....I bought my husband the Men's Nike Air Griffey Max 1 Training Shoes in an 11 from FinishLine and they ran small too.  He wears a 10, I bought an 11 and still had to get an 11.5!! Hope this helps!!", "i just bought these sneakers because my 13 yr old son loves AIR GRIFFEY Sneakers.. He was so happy.. Thanx", "These shoes are very narrow. I normally wear a boys 5.5 which I bought. They were way too small. So I ordered a size 6, which was too long but too narrow, and I am a woman with feet nowhere near as wide as most boys.  These shoes are just not made right.", "My son received 3 pairs of sneakers for Christmas and yold me these were his favorite ones!  They are very nice and comfortable.", "My son loves them they fit perfect color is on point i really enjoyed ordering my kids shoes through Amazon thanks", "The shoes seem alittle tighter than other shox that I have purchased(6 pair), the grips on the bottom are already worn excesivelly and I have worn them 5 time, not the best quality that I have had in the past with the shox.", "They are perfect.... nice, fashion and very confortable!Original, non seen nowhere.Skinny leather adjust to feet perfectly.Easy to clean.Silver and black goes/matches with all clothes.", "The shoes Are perfect and one of a kind and the shipper sent them right away . No delay !!!!!", "Great shoe. Good condition. I would have preferred a Nike box however for the price that I bought them, I will live.", "Has a real tight and snug fit. No room at all. Had to really struggle to put on and take off.", "One of the shoe has a different color than the other one good luck on your buy they fit good but different color", "Hard to write a review about shoes that are overpriced by design. However, my son seemed very satisfied and assured me that they were worth every penny. I hope that helps you, but it only made me shake my head.", "Good to be a part of this transaction. Cant wait for more in the future when i need to shop more in the sneaker dept.", "They are great and comfortable shoes.... Also it is an awsome price! I honestly loved them and plus the shoes and good looking shoes", "Very nice but kinda small. . . The size ordered was correct but i guess the styyke requires you to order a latger size. . . . .", "These are the highest quality tennis shoes I have owned since my AirMax 2009s.Exquisite ankle support for sneakers.I cross shopped the AirMax 90s but am glad I decided on these.Even the laces are higher quality than any other shoes I own. They don't slip. Ever.The fit is true to size.", "great looking shoe, a little snug but they loosen up. had a couple of Air Max 1's these are the best so far", "The produc.swt came in faster than expected so im happy with my purchase and got to save some cash, now that's sweet.", "I would give zero stars if possible. The complete wrong shoe was sent. When  I tried to reorder the shoe, it was not available anymore.", "FELT TOO SMALL AT FIRST. BUT AFTER A FEW TRIALS ON THE CARPET THEY ADJUSTED VERY WELL. I WILL KEEP THEM.", "First off I did not buy these shoes to use them as runners. I love the style of these shoes however they are super narrow. I have purchased other Air Max's in the past and had no problem with this but, they were the bubble heel models. I think that if I wear these a while I can break them in but as of now they are just sitting in my closet.", "Just received these the other day.  They look good and fit true to size.  However, if you have wide feet, be aware that they are somewhat narrow.", "These sneakers fit perfectly. They arrived on time, and look exactly the same as the pic. I am very pleased with my purchase.", "The shoes is coming exactly as they display in the web page.  I enjoy wearing it and it's comfortable. There's a tiny gray dot coming at the tip of the left shoe but that's okay as it's not easily noticeable. Overall, I like it.", "There are somewhat small in the laterals.", "I bought these for my Husband and was a little worried about the look and fit, as the photo isnt too clear. When they arrived, they are even better in person!! They shipped pretty quickly, but took a while to arrive (which is postals fault) but they fit perfectly. Love them, thanks so much!", "I never thought I'd get to wear this shoe, but now it's available once more and I love them! Air max 1 rules!", "i don't like these shoes much. they left my feet in pain. i love nike shoes so i will continue to buy them. but these specifically...NEVER AGAIN.", "my 1st order from the states, since i live in germany. shoe's are nice as expected.super good feeling just NIKE.... super satisfied!!", "Air Max are a great shoe and overall this one is no different except it is completely NON BREATHABLE, it's a strange TARP like material where most AIr Max have a breathable mesh, the resultant foot sweating is uncomfortable to say the least, not a summer option at all really. The fact the material is non breathable is not apparent from photos on the web highlights the fact that online shopping has a ways to go over real inspection of clothing and footwear in advance of purchase. I will probably not return them as I can wear them during the winter but had I known they were not breathable I would not have bought them", "I don't use it yet but it's good ! The color still bright like a new one. Doesn't like a second hand.", "The grey and gold are somewhat shiny/reflective which make the shoe look rare (good rare) from different angles. The red letters are quite good-looking. Very stylish.", "These shoes feel just great.  You can walk for miles in them.  The merchant ships so fast and item came in its original box.I am delighted with the professional order execution, and the shoes are really neat.", "Amazing shoes I was blown way at how good they felt when I run or just walk around. God bless nike", "I'm in love with my Nikes, they are very comfortable to walk. I use them for walking and feels so comfortable.", "These fit great, ordered a half size up as expected and the fit was good. These are great overall sneakers, very comfy and I love to wear them. Definitely recommend any pair of Air Max 1s.", "great shoe!! My feet wide and the shoe lace is a little bit short so I hope I can get longer shoe laces like the ones it came with,the shoe it self is Awesome!!!!", "Those shoes look amazing and fit great!, one advice, don't order your shoes size to small, normally air max is a bit larger but not this one.", "The Air Max to me is a perfect blend between air force ones and running shoes, which make them perfect for everyday wear. I would like to see more Air Max 1 but in colors which are less flashy.", "The shoes box was destroyed. Def not to ahoy about that. But the shoes themselves were just as described and looked great. I'd suggest double boxing them before shipping.", "I simply love this pair. I have the sonic yellow/grey colorway and I love the fit and classy style. When I saw this at amazon and they have the same size 7, no second thoughts. Just grabbed it and  I immediately wore it upon receiving it. Understated Class and Sophisticated look. I love it too bits.", "It's seems to be very narrow and fits pretty tight.  It's always a challenge to buy shoes online.  Sometimes it's the luck of the draw since shoe companies seem to not follow any standards to sizing.", "I really like these shoes, but they are quite tight in the toe box. I would suggest getting a half size larger or a wide size. Also, the laces seem a little too short, at least for me. The tightness is not as bothersome as long as I'm walking, but if I'm standing or sitting for more than a few hours they start to get annoyingly tight. Hopefully they stretch out over time.", "I love these shoes they are so comfortable, I use them more on the casual side. I bit tight, but hey I can't complain.", "Now is the time to get yourself a pair of red shoes!  and what better product than from NIKE?! They are comfortable, they are eye-catchin', and people (I promise) will want to know WHERE THE HECK YOU GET DOZE, DUDE?! You can't get these in the stores - unless you pay a LOT more money.", "design was ok and cmfortable as I expected cuz its NIKE AIR, but shoe strings are too short, and price was little high(?).Still was good", "Air penny's old skull! I had a pair when I was a freashmen in high school IWas 14 when I had my last pair. I love theses shoes. Authentic real Nike! I love them", "The air bubles on one of the shoes popped which made wearing them feel really weird so I popped the other side and know anytime I wear them over 2 hours my lower back really hurts so I dont wear them as often as I had hoped I woudl when I first purchased them. Other than that its a very attractive shoe, but that doesnt do much good once the bubbles pop.If I would have brought directly from Nike I could have exchanged them due to the popped air bubble but because I brought them here that same guarentee doesnt come into play.", "My son loves his sneakers!  They seem very versatile, one could wear them with almost anything and the change of lace makes it easy to coordinate with any ensemble.  He's very pleased with this purchase.", "This was my first pair of shoes I've ever ordered online - and I couldn't be happier.  Comfortable, light and inexpensive.", "made for Basketball.super lightgreat gripunbelievable breath-abilityzoom in the forefoot and good support in the heal.i paid 53 dollars, and got 2 pairs.they're as good as jordans when it comes down to playability on the court.if you find themget them.", "I usually don't spend this much on tennis shoes, but I am recovering from a broken foot and leg. Have only worn them a few times,so far they offer great support for my foot. I am hoping they get me out walking on regular basis soon.", "Boots ran too small and wasnt able to return them because I am overseas.I have always wore a size 6 in Nike's but not this time.Very narrow", "I picked these out for my birthday while they were on sale. They came in just a few days. I immediately opened them and tried them on. Perfect fit. I wear a size 7, ordered a size 7 and they were perfect. I was worried about ordering shoes online without trying them on but these work. Theyre very comfortable too. I love them. They are kinda slim though so Im not sure if youd require a wide that these would work(unless they offer a wide, I didnt look).", "these shoes are very good and not so common are the only bad thing that I find are not very durable leather but have more than one year with me recommend them", "These are a great Nike sneaker. It has a nice retro look, and fit exactly to your feet. I bought these on Ebay for 60$, great. They fit so nicely, I am wearing them in the library to study haha. A good purchase, I recommend the kicks to anyone.", "The shoes are amazing. They are very comfortable and supportive. The colors are exactly as i wanted them to be. The only critique that i have really is that the shoes look better with navy blue laces instead of the white ones they came with.", "Very comfortable and light. These are some of the better basketball sneakers I've owned. My only problem was in first putting them on the right shoe hurt my pinky toe (bad) I don't know if just through wearing them did that change but I don't have that problem anymore", "I was looking for a pair of basketball shoes that is of course Nike, and not too expensive. I found this product with a very good price for my wallet and the best thing about it, it's a perfect fit! I'm very satisfied and happy about my purchase as well as with the delivery too! Thanks a lot! :)", "They came nicely packaged with the typical Nike shoe box,the description tag was ripped for some reason,but that caused no problems. Great shoes, I love them,don't even want to wear them! Because then they won't be new anymore lol", "I luv these Nikes so much so that I got them in blue & this cherry color! They fit like a glove. Had to order a half size lger but they are even perfect for nearly flat feet. Unlike nike shox that I owned in past these did not become damaged just from washing them so worth every penny.", "I bought these shoes as a gift for my fiance and they are very sharp looking, but very narrow. Do not buy if you have narros feet!", "Very comfortable and nice ventilation! I use these shoes for all of my \"work out\" needs from running to cycling. I've had a ton of compliments!", "These shoes are amazing! Feels like running on pillows.. The only problem is they only last a few months if your running a few days a week.", "excellent running shoes. even for big people like me you feel totally fine excesizing. they are very light to carry", "I work at a child development center and I'm constantly on my feet with the kids. I decided to buy these sneakers for work and I love them!!!!! I bought them and got them two days later, so great shipping! Shoes are totally worth the price!!!!", "super light and very good reliable shoes to run in. the technology in the shoes are great. i have loved them ever since i bought them.", "I bought these for Body Combat (mixed martial arts-type class) at Gold's Gym.  I like that they are very light weight, with just a little support so they don't seem too flimsy.  I can't run much in these outside, since I need a high stability/motion control shoe to correct over pronation (flat feet - ankles rolling in).  But I love them for looks, gym use & group classes at Gold's Gym.  I also ran one of my fastest 10k times in them in recent years, just since they are so light.  So I wouldn't train on long runs (3 times a week), but I like them for race day.  At the time I bought them they seemed a bit pricey ($100) for the material, but I guess you're paying for the name & design as well. I think they have come down in price now, since there are so many similar shoes by Nike & everyone else.", "The shoes look great and gives you a spring in your step. it is definately authentic. im hoping they perform well when i start running again. but i am dissapointed that i didnt just go directly to sneakerdoctor.com and order it because it was cheaper and free shipping.", "The shoe came promptly and fits me like a glove.  Also, has a lot of stability for someone wearing orthotics.", "Very comfortable running shoes. They offer unrivaled support and I have had them for months now and they hardly show any wear at all. (I run in these 10-15 miles a week). The colors are still vibrant and still look and function perfect!", "Ordered this shoe right before Christmas and not only was it delivered quickly (within 3 business days) it looks great, fits true to size and is quite comfortable. I may buy this shoe in another color.", "My 9 year old son loves these Nike Blazers I purchased for him! He pretty much wears them every day.", "I feel comfortable in this pair of shoes, but if you want to run outside better look for a pair with more support.", "My wife got me these for Christmas.  I run between 30 and 60 minutes, 2-3 times a week.  Once in a while I will sign up for a 10K.  So I am a casual runner, but will go 60 minutes with these on.  They are the closest thing to running barefoot I have ever felt.  They are super light and have good cushioning.  Plus they breath very well.  No complaints here.  No pains except for muscle pains from pushing myself...  I have gotten used to running with these and then went back to my regular running shoes with more support and a thicker sole.  My old shoes felt like anchors on my feet.  I was not a Nike fan for running shoes and was an avid Adidas fan, but these shoes have me SOLD on the Nike FREE's.The other big advantage is that when you travel you can flatten these down (they have no heel support) in the suitcase and are great to travel with.  Regular running shoes take up a lot of space in my suitcase, so I am thinking of getting another pair just for travel purposes.", "My 15 year old son purchased this shoe and has owned Nike all his life.  He decided now to use this shoe as his running shoe and casual shoe.  My son has high arches.  After 3 weeks he developed arch problems which quickly became significant.  He plays soccer for a US Development Academy and thought the arch injury was from his sport.  Our sports md said it was the shoes and pointed to the disclaimer that is right inside the lid of the box.  All explained beautifully.  Describing that some people should start out using this shoe a few hours a day...etc.  I wish the salesperson would of told us that.  1 week later; still training the same; his arches are better in a different shoe.", "I bought these shoes a couple of weeks ago to use them for track and cross country. I run 5 miles 3-4 times a week. When I first ran in these shoes, I loved them. They are very light weight and easy to run in, but after about two weeks, I started having major pain in my arches during a run. These shoes have no arch support, so after a little bit of running in them, your arches will start to hurt. These shoes are good for a person with flat feet or for just hanging out, but I would not recommend them to anyone else.", "as to the person that said they have no arch support they are made to be like running barefoot. it takes a while to get used to them.they are a really great shoe and would recommend them for anyone. they will help your feet and make you run correctly. that is midfoot strike and onto your toes. heel first is bad.", "I read all the reports about Asics/Brooks/New Balance being the top running shoes, so I tried them all. I used to get shin splints and would have to limit my running. My friend gave me these shoes, because they didn't quite fit her foot, and I've bought Nike Pegasus ever since. Great support, great cushion. No problem with shin splints, until they get towards the end of their life. Highly recommend these shoes.", "I'm a relatively heavy runner, weighing 207 lbs, and I overpronate on my right foot more than my left. I've stayed away from Nike for years in favor of Mizuno and New Balance stability shoes. However, when I needed a new pair of shoes and tried these, I was immediately impressed with the exceptional pronation control as well as a wide toe box, a rarity for Nike. Now, I'm 75 miles of road and track running into this pair, and I couldn't be happier - neither could my ankles or knees. Plus, they still look new.Coupled with my iPod Nano and a Nike+ sensor, these have proven to be an indispensable part of my training equipment. I'm putting about 10 miles a week on them, and they still feel new. I'm sold.Now I can't wait to try out the Lunar Glide series...", "great shoes that fit well and hold up to the abuse of a full time janitor using strong chemicals and lots of walking", "At first, I was worried about the quality of this outdated Lebron 8 shoes. But it is very good in all respects. Let's go LBJ!!!", "These nikes are very comftorable they are a bit tight i recomend getting 1 size bigger but all in all its a nice product and are very good lookin with anything from shorts to jeans to skinny jeans best shoe iv got in my closet", "I received the wrong item and have had no luck contacting the company. This was part of a gift set that I was putting together and now my main item is not available. Very horrible experience. ....BUYER BEWARE.... YOU DON'T GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR BECAUSE THEY SEND THE WRONG ITEM...", "Footwear excellent ... the fear was of the same size but it fits perfectly! good design are impressive too extreme like me, Flexible, good quality, comfortable. Totally recommended for everyday use, training, and trails.", "This order was canceled for an address problem.I request the refund of this order amount, but not received yet the refund on my credit card statement.", "I love Shox, as they are the most comfortable sneaker made (IMHO). They are the only sneaker that I buy for myself, and now for my mother, husband and mother-in-law. This shoe was priced right and fits like a dream.", "The shoes came punctually on second day after ordering. They fit perfectly- may run a bit small. We ordered 6.5 for my son who currently wears size 6 to have some time, but he doesnt have too much room to spare. They look really great and he says they feel amazing- support and comfort , like on air. He just started performance/ cross-training .Good choice and the price is right.", "where can a person get a pair of shoes like this for the money.  look and fit great .  fast service and the price is right.", "My son love them and he's able to wear them...over and over....Looking to purchase more in different colors.Thanks to ordering online..", "Not exactly the color I was looking for, but this was all I could get in my size. Hopefully they will last as long as my previous pair.", "For a size 13 shoe it runs alittle small so if you wear a 12.5 or 12 and like some breathing room this shoe is perfect. Performance wise they were great and kind of look like the LeBron that can out that same year just alittle more basic obviously.", "Shoes are really good, it has good cuality, i recomend it 100%, for walking or do exersise. All good and feels nice.", "These shoes are very comfortable, bought them for my sons 18th birthday. He absolutely thinks these are the best shoes around.", "Excellent looking shoe", "This is my third pair of Nike Zooms. I have tried other high stability running shoes in between and always end up returning to the Nike Zoom. I am a 6'0 tall woman and run 15-20 miles per week. I am flat footed and over pronate and these shoes provide great stability and comfort!", "Had a specialty store check my gait, and they recommended these shoes, and now I just order them from Amazon because it's SOOO much cheaper!", "I would never run in these, but I use them for the gym--they have good stability.  They run narrow.  If you have wide feet do NOT get these.", "I thought these glasses were great the first time I bought them so I bought another. Shipped in great condition. Will have these as long as they keep making them.", "I bought these sun glasses for my outside adventures. I run with them on, ride bike, etc. They are light weight, and stay in place. I can jump around, and the glasses don't bounce around on my face at all. I would recommend them to anyone who wants a pair of sun glasses for outside fun. They look great too.", "These sunglasses are really nice. Played golf in them this weekend, they are clear as can be and very comfortable!", "Bought these for my husband for Christmas. He loves them - apparently these shoes are also featured on NBA 2K11 for 360.", "La bota recibida, se ve mejor en f&iacute;sico que en foto, a mi hijo le encanto, excelente zapato y excelente vendedor, llego en la fecha pautada.", "These shoes are great I love the color and the style. The Jordan Grown v.2 is sleek and can be worn with jeans or slacks.", "When these shoes came in, I fainted! they are very clean aand nicee. Definitely a getter without any hesitation.They exterior is nice, and the comfort is decent. They look nice with Levi Jeans cuffed up, I'd really recommend this product if you are thinking about purchasing it.", "One of my favorite Nike running shoes - does not look pretty but the Nike feel and fit is value for money. Reasonably well built and last long", "I love them the straps can be a little tight at the top just unbuckle it this will give you a cool look.", "Nike has always been true to size... the shox are awesome.  I want a pair in every style and color. lol", "For the cost of these shoes ($120) the soles wore out in 4 mos. and the air pockets leaked air causing the shoe to squeak...poor quality.", "chose this rating because I've never had a more comfortable pair of sandals! These are amazing and have wonderful cushion. The gladiator design makes it sturdy and great for walking long distances, which is really important as a New Yorker. I also get non-stop compliments on them - they're so stylish and you would never think they're Nike! They only took one day to break in and I am thinking about buying the other colors!", "I have to walk many kilometers a day in the city for my work.  No kidding, after walking 9 hours straight on Paris sidewalks, my feet felt fantastic.  I also get compliments galore.  A truly fantastic shoe.  Big kudos to Nike for the design.  I dont know how this thin sole supports the foot so well.  I have bought up all I can find online.  My tour clients have also followed suit. Magnifique!", "This shoe runs really small. I ordered a 7 which is my usual size and it was considerably too small. I returned it for the size 8 which fits ok.", "I chose this rating because I've never had a more comfortable pair of sandals! These are amazing and have wonderful cushion. The gladiator design makes it sturdy and great for walking long distances, which is really important as a New Yorker. I also get non-stop compliments on them - they're so stylish and you would never think they're Nike! They only took one day to break in and I am thinking about buying the other colors!", "Great shoes, very happy with the purchase of these.  Received as described, which was a pleasure. These shoes are difficult to find in my size, so I was excited to find these.  Great pricing and convenient shipping.", "the shoes are very nice and kool and for that price cant say no more very happy espacily my wife on the deal jaaaaaa", "Everything was great, fast shipping, exact shoes, awesome price and true to size. Good for basketball or fashion wear. They also threw in a free running/walking arm band that's fits an iPod. Highly Recommend", "I bought these for my son for his birthday.  He said they fit him well.  I'm giving it 5 stars because they look pretty and they fit him comfortably.  As far as them being good for basketball, that I don't know.", "Shoes arrived earlier than promised and were as good as expected.  Very satisfied! I wish there was more to add but there isn't.", "I use for two sports and they have held up well. Run a bit small though, so may want to consider half a size larger. Very lightweight but not the greatest comfort.", "Nobody at my school got thesemugs.They comfortable and soft. Myy feet stay warm and the arch suport is awesome. Would recommend.", "I absolutely love these shoes. Ordered them for my 6 yr old daughter. They are the cutest thing ever. Order also arrived fast. 5 star rating and a big thumbs up!!", "These shoes are great, but they are greyish/blue, and I thought that they are white (they look like white leather in the picture), so I am returning them because I already own brown model.Leather is of great quality.", "The style fit and comfort of this shoe is awesome.  Got the p rod 6 and actually like the 2.5 better. Get them while you still can", "Well constructed and of top-notch quality, this shoe can handle most situations from skateboarding, biking, light running and, let's not forget, just plain lookin' cool. They are comfortable and size is spot on with others.", "-----The Good Stuff------good looks, low profile-great shoes for skating with a boat shoe look-good grip, simple and basic design-good price-the treads barely wear down-good heal protection-----The Not So Good Stuff------impact support is not that great-the shoes are thin-padding around the tongue and collar is minimal-shoe lace rip pretty easily-----Other Comments------they run pretty true to their size-great shoe overall-a little bit much for the price but I am really satisfied with the shoes", "This is one of my favorite shoes right now, but for future purchasers or for people who are considering this shoe make sure you half size up because this shoe runs small. On another not this shoe is delivered to your doorstep, so make sure you're there to pick them up. I made that mistake, but got them the next day though. The shipping was a little ehh but the wait was worth it.", "My nephew asked for these skateboard sneakers for Christmas.  He is rough on sneakers and they usually need replacing every couple of months.  They are well made, durable and nice looking and are still holding up well!", "The look, the feel, the quality is top notch, I just found that it's a little stiff, maybe I need to use it more and more and more to make it a little softer. I usually wear vans and british knight slip on shoes, I just like this one but as I've said need to break in more. True to size. would not hurt if you will add a half more in size, better bigger than receiving a small shoes.", "Bought these shoes for my son, reluctantly at $80+.  He claimed they were the best &#34;skateboarding&#34; shoe, &#34;they grip the skateboard, etc.&#34;  They lasted about 3 months.  Now they have a hole in the sole and holes along many of the top seams.  They might be cool, but they are only cool for a couple of months.  They don't last.  I would rather buy 2 $40 pair of &#34;good&#34; shoes and have him get longer use out of them.  I don't recommend these shoes at all.", "This was another gift for my son (skateboard nut)...and he absolutely loves these!  They are great quality and are very sharp looking - especially with jeans. May run a little but small so you may want to go up a half size if possible.", "i always skated nike sb cuz they last a long time...i haven't skated this shoe yet bt it looks awesome!", "Nice shoes i love it! Want to wear it everyday thank you amazon for this beautiful shoes fit with your pants", "Man, I love these shoes. They're so stylish. It probably isn't the most comfortable shoe in the world but, it just may be the coolest!", "My son has been wearing Janoski's since they came out and we know his size, these shoes, seemed to be almost 2 different sizes between the left and right, and were far more narrow than normal.", "fine", "My wife is a nurse and absolutely loves these shoes.  If I can make the wife happy, I'm happy.  Great product.", "My son love this shoes. I actually was looking for another one same color to buy seriously. We love nike shox", "I got these because I am on my feet all day at work and have heel trouble.  I have used many of the Nike shox but the air shox were a new product for me.  Usually shoes only last a few months before my feet start to hurt again.  Currently on the 5th month and have not seen any change in comfort since the first day.", "The length (or size) is ok but the instep is too tight. It might be good if you have very narrow feet.", "These indoors shoes never fit right from the time I got them.  They were uncomfortable and rubbed my arch way too much.  I have since gotten a new pair of Nike Elastico Finale 2's, and am loving the switch.", "the shoe runs true to size.i didn't like that the swoosh was plastic and sticks out alittle.over all ok.no problem with seller.", "Good shoe for the money. So far I got three hours of indoor soccer on them in the gym and they have been great", "This the first time purchasing sneaker online for son, and when I got, it fit a little big but I really needed to but a half size since toddler are always growing, now its fits perfect", "One of my favorite pair of Nike sneakers I own!  I still wear them over a year later and get tons of compliments on them!  A one of a kind Nike find!!", "Not one of the more expensive NIKE shoes, but definately very comfortable, durable and supports my feet during my training. Love them may buy every collor available", "Purchased the shoes for my son who is a participant in summer track. He loves them- fits true to size. Search various website and department store. This was the best buy.", "this is my second pair of these shoes, the instant my shin splints returned I knew it was time to order a new pair. They are very light, yet very supportive", "Ive loved this sneaker since way back. Im 5'2 and this shoe instantly adds an inch or more on my height. I normally wear a size 7 in women but couldn't find my size anywhere on the internet. I decided to go with the juniors size 6 and it was on the smaller side where my front toes felt a little tight. However this shoe easily stretches out and after wearing it almost everyday for a month it honestly feels just like my other sneakers in women size 7. The delivery was also really quick", "When will there be more for size 6 because I really want to buy these shoes I've waited almost 2 weeks to get paid so I can buy them but they are sold out I get paid this this Friday please get more please!!!!!", "Always have loved the Cortez style shoe. The shoes fit great and are comfortable as well. Thanks for holding up your end of the product. :)", "I am very pleased, it is just what I expected.  My daughter had these shoes before but they were lost in a fire.  We saw these online and I decided to order them.  The product is exactley the same as if I bought them from the mall.  The delivery was on time, I am very pleased.", "My son wore these and then I got them after some wear.  The wide fit is very comfortable.  This model of shoe actually got me started running again after years of being afraid I'd re-injure knees. No problems so far, and no painful joints after runs.  Be sure to get the type that are tongueless because the ones with a separate tongue allow the tongue to work its way to the outside of the foot.  Also know you will pick up small gravels in the deep grooves of the souls.  Kinda annoying.", "I bought it for me, size is a little bigger... Fortunately my son likes the design and color combination and it fits exactly. I will buy again one size smaller", "Comfortable, feels like you're barefoot.  They also last me for a year.  I have been buying one pair of Nike &#34;Free's&#34; each for the past 4 and they are the only shoes for me.  Sizes run a bit small so I buy 14 instead of 13 and they fit fine.", "She and her parents loved it!  Good quality and fits well. They will do well on the days  she doesn't need her snow boots !", "Great for walking, would not recommend for running. This is my fifth pair - i like the look and feel of this shoe. Also good for improving foot strength.", "My son loves these shoes! What a great investment for a 12 yera old! We will buy this style again", "I like the style.Got the Black since the store did'nt have my size (9 1/2) in white color.I was hoping to get both of them.I have several collections of the original Nike \"Air Jordan\" shoes.Still in the box.", "Hello,overall it's great but a little bit small. Normally I use 13 size.but 13 size of this pair is a small for me. Will give them like a gift...", "It was what my son wanted. The price was what I wanted to pay and we are very happy with it.", "Fast shipping and items were at an affordable price. I would say they are very durable because i have had them for about half a year", "La zapatilla es bonita y el acabado en cuero matte le queda muy bien. Con peque&ntilde;os roces se vamarcando el cuero y da una impresi&oacute;n de m&aacute;s uso, especial para cuando no queremos que la zapatillase vea 'muy nueva' y l&iacute;mpia. El &uacute;nico inconveniente es que la zuela de goma es muy dura y molestaun poco para caminar, aparte de sonar bastante en un piso de madera. Bonitas pero un poco inc&oacute;modas.", "I know that title sounds odd, but my \"running\" shoes were wearing out in 3-4 weeks time due to the soft foam soles.  These have rubber soles which work VERY well for walking or running outdoors.These to fit a bit tight so keep that in mind when ordering.  I could have probably gone with a half size larger compared to my other Nike's.Overall a VERY comfy shoe.  If you roll your foot to the outside, these may not be a good shoe for you.  They are pretty soft on the outsides.Chris", "These shoes are lightweight, comfortable, and grippy.  I wear two ankle braces, so the low-top design works well.  They do run small (narrow), though.", "I found the same in Nike store for 41$. The original marked price is 100$.Dont know why Amazon has 141$ as the original price, and it is misleading to say they are giving a big discount.", "These are really cool shoes. I have to say, but to be honest, the insole makes mine feet hurt and that's the most disappointing detail.  Changing the insole will cost extra money, so I really don't know what to do with it.", "Very comfortable pair of sneakers . .. Only problem is that its very dificult to slip your foot in . .. wear i thin pair of sock!!!", "the white layer on the sole began cracking after a few uses exposing the cream off white material which was used to make the soles", "Have been wearing for 18 months. A little bit heavy, but nice for both indoor and outdoor. Also good for jeans.", "Love these shoes - bought a 2d pair in this color and the same style in another color too!!  Will be watching for good deals on additional colors.", "This is one shoe which is NOT overbuilt (a problem with so many athletic shoes).  It is lightweight, very flexible and a low heel profile.  I can actually feel the surface I am on.  These qualities are very important to me especially for playing tennis, race walking and balance.  Stiff, thick-soled shoes undermine the body's ability to sense 'changes' in surfaces, among other things and is not a good situation for maintaining one's balance.", "This is the second pair I have bought to wear to work where I walk at least 10 miles a day.  Great shoe!", "Authentic Nike packaging, great colorway and arrived on est ship date. Since more words are required for review I wish I can find matching gear for the \"chlorine blue\".", "It is better than it looks in the picture. I had a white/blue AF1, but my friend said this was much better.", "These shoes were purchased for my son as a gift.  They were exactly what he wanted and were in the original box in great condition.  The only suggestion that I have for the seller is that it did not say that it was an ADULT size 11.  I was worried that this may have been a children's shoe.  Other sellers were very specific to note ADULT or CHILD.  Please add this to your postings so the buyer doesn't have to worry!  Of course, it all turned out well. It was an adult shoe and that is what I wanted.", "It was good to go. Nice shoe and fit well. It was what i expected. I would recomend to anyone as a good buy.", "I picked these shoes up for my wife and she couldn't be happier with the fit and feel. The shoes arrived way earlier than the original shipping estimate that they quoted and were exactly what she ordered. Thanks!", "I LOVE these shoes!!They are rounded at the toe.Not pointy.I have bought this line of nike shoes the past several years. They hold up well.The colors are beautiful and look good in summer with matching nike socks.", "I enjoyed my shoes, shod me wonder, come back soon to enter the site for buying new. I'm so happy", "Very comfortable shoes.....as I play golf 3/4 times a weeK, it is important to have comfortable shoes, and these are among my favorites", "If you love to walk 18 holes, these are the best shoes for that. Very light weight and good traction. Love the shoes!", "My job requires me to be on my feet all day, hauling kegs and cases of beer, so good shoes are pretty important. Bought my first pair from a brick and mortar store. They worked great and held up longer than my previous pair of work shoes. Finally worked em to death and needed a new pair. The store didn't have the size I needed so I got the new ones from here. Two shifts in and I'm glad I bought a second pair.", "Gorgeous shoes but not the brand name written inside the bag Nike has been written another brand name but I do not know what the reason , but a good shoe quality", "I'd say it's worth $45 opposed to $60 being that it's not a better quality in my opinion.  The back is also pretty low or not contoured for my foot as it can easily slip out while the shoe is properly secured.  Other than that, the design is okay and it's Nike.  I have good luck with Nike products.  I've only worn the shoes once, so we'll see...", "Not really what I expected of the shoe. Most especially the design is kinda too bogus for my liking. Thanks", "just what I expected! I will buy them again next time as well. They are great for most sports events.", "I've gladly paid the premium price for Nike shoes in the past, they've always outlasted other major brands that I've tried, never had a problem with any Nike product before this. Incredibly disappointed with this pair, just two weeks of wear and the left shoe started to squeak load enough to be heard about 100 feet away.", "I've had these shoes for two months and I wear them around the house, to work and to the gym, and they've held up great!", "I've been very happy with these shoes - they are very comfortable with a big toebox and very thick padding at the ankle. The base of the shoe is super wide so stability is really awesome. I've been playing competitive volleyball in them for about a month now - still performing great and they are holding up nicely. And I love the looks - cool without looking like something a thug would where.I'm happy enough with them that I just ordered my second pair today so I can switch off during the week and give the first pair a chance to dry out while I use the second.One note - not sure why anyone would think these are \"running shoes\" - they are much more like court shoes or cross trainers than they are running shoes.", "Im not certain what it is about these shoes I purchased them for use at work and they are the most uncomfortable nike shoes I have ever owned in my life and this is the only brand I wear ever.From the moment I put them on they hurt my feet and the size is correct after wearing them for 9 hours my feet and legs are in agony.I switched back to my 2 yr old nikes and they are hands down more comfy than these new shoes that I tried for 2 weeks to break in.", "I've been wearing this brand for at least 10 years, because they are the most comfortable sneaker I ever wore. Just try them on in a store and you won't want to take them off, but they make you, I tried !  I sometimes feel embarrassed by the darn loud squeak and wondered why they don't fix that problem. I just read some reviews and see that many have that complaint, now I can fix that audio problem. Yay, I was thinking about going on a hunt for a different brand due to that, but I'm glad that I checked them out again, just to see an old friend sort of thing. !!  So, buy a pair, fix the squeek with powder and you will be walking on a well supported cloud . I do have to say that the company should be powdering the shoes themselves though", "We were so happy to find these shoes again.  It is my husband's 2nd pair after he wore out (about 3 years of daily wear) his 1st.", "I don't like to shop so ordering online makes it easier. It turned out that these shoes were too small so I had to order a larger size (which were perfect). Size numbers between manufacturers varies greatly so make sure you know your size for that manufacturer.", "I changed this pair after my old 35$ shoes started giving me sore feet and the difference is very clear. the shoes fit very comfortably and look nice too. they are good for what they made it for and I even wear it to my university and its comfortable even in long days.", "Just simply perfect. Great price, great fit and I'm sure it'll have the Nike endurance.", "I liked the looks of the shoe but it's size ran so small that I couldn't try wearing it to know if it felt nice to walk in.  It might deserve a higher star rating but can't judge it due to size. I normally wear a 9 and this was a 10 and still too small.", "I bought these shoes for my husband. He wears a foot race and the width on the sneakers is a perfect fit.", "I've received the shoes on time and wear them, they felt  kinda small on my feet. But when I walk with the shoes on it felt just right.I will recommend this shoes to my friends.", "It's hard to find a supportive athletic show these days that doesn't have a bunch of crazy lines and coloring all over it so I have purchased monarch model of Nike shoe several times over, however this latest edition squeaks squeaks squeaks.  embarrassingly so and only after about 1 week of wear.  No amount of talcum powder or lubricating spray would fix the issue.  Everyone will hear you coming and going. So if you are a ninja, librarian or sleep therapist, look for another shoe.", "the Nike sneakers are perfectly fit and make my feet feel so good when I'm out exercising and walking. the price was perfect for my budget, Thank You Amazon", "I got the shoes as a present for a friend, he said its like walking on air, he loves it. Thank you.", "I purchased this shoe a couple months ago thinking Nike (Air) is a great brand and I can't go wrong. I chose this over Rockports, Sketchers, and some others. I work as a bellman and am on my feet for 8++ hours a day 40+ hours a week. Within a week the shoes started squeaking every time I took a step. I thought I could ignore this but it got worse and really annoying. Two weeks into these shoes the inside seam, on the (outside) side of the heel, started coming apart and grinding into my skin resulting in blisters, sore feet, and calluses. I was waking up the next mornings with sore feet, felt like stumps. The soles were wearing out fast and the shoes don't breath well either. I paid $60 for this torture! I just purchased some Rockports for $60, I heard they are the way to go. I will let you know...", "these fit me great. started falling apart after a year and I don't even where them at work, so they are part time shoes. just poor craftsmanship.  but they fit me the best out of any I tried.", "I bought these for my husband and he is on his feet and he said he really loves them they really make a difference", "My Dad has been wearing this style shoe for years. He'll go through a pair a year putting some serious wear on them before needing new ones. I can't find them in shoe stores anymore so fortunately they are availible here.", "I got this shoes for my husband and he loves it.  It is a great casual and comfortable shoes for an everyday use.", "Expecting it little sleek- comfort is okay not great. I purchased as I have injured my leg, so if you have same situtaion you can use these for some time not for regular use is what i felt", "They are great for refereeing, they are high enough to keep your feet dry even in wet grass and offer great support while still being light for running up and down the field.", "Second Paid I've owned, First pair were comfortable for seven years. Can't beat that. I am glad they're still available.", "product squeeks when walking and shoe hurts my feet i wore them for a month just to see if they would get any better and they just got worse. do not buy!!", "I have been wearing Nike cross trainers for as long as I can remember.  My right cross trainer starting squeaking after a month.  The last 2 pairs of sneakers have had this squeaking problem.  I previously read to take out the insole and put baby powder in the sneaker then put the insole back in.  This worked for me.  My sneakers do not squeak anymore.  They are very comfortable.", "These are very supportive. I have gotten many compliments on how they look too. They haven't started to squeak for me like others have mentioned", "After reading reviews and seeing that shoe ran small I ordered up 1/2 size and they were too big, I needed the size I always wear so I don't know why the reviews said  they ran small.  The company didn't do exchanges for some reason so I returned them and ordered from Dicks Sporting Goods (no shipping charge and they do exchanges)", "Shoes are solid, surprising light despite bulky appearance. Use them for walking, hugs feet for a solid feel. a very good product.", "My husband likes the fit although he has two of these pair that after a short time start to squeak when he walks so then he orders a new pair.  He likes the fit I think they break down too quickly for the shoes to start squeaking as soon as they do.", "This shoe is comfortable, and so far really durable. But they also can get very hot. You really have to weigh walking comfort vs foot temperature comfort. Being a UPS driver ill take walking comfort all day long.", "my second pair and they really last and stay comfortable", "When you buy Nike's, you generally know what you're getting into.  You're gonna pay a little too much for a shoe that's generally well-made and has nice comfort features.  These Monarchs here are no exception, aside from the fact that one of the shoes has an air bubble in the ball of the foot area or something that causes a loud squeaking noise when you walk.  Do you have any idea how hard it is to seem imposing to your Stormtroopers when every step you take makes it sound like you've got clown shoes on?  It's really maddening.Still, they're much more comfortable than my regular boots, so I continue to wear them.  I don't know that I'll buy this particular model again due to the design flaw, however.", "This is a great shoe.  I've purchased about 4 pairs now, 3 from sports stores the last pair from Amazon.  I wear custom Orthodics and shoe shopping is somewhat of a nightmare for me.  I need a shoe with a deep heel that also has a removable sole.  Not to mention that the shoe has to be wide enough to fit the orthodic AND my wide foot.  This shoe is just AWESOME!!  I can not only remove the sole of the shoe, but once I put in my Orthodics, my foot just slides in.  When the shoe is too narrow, the shoe will squeak like a wet shoe only worse.  It is very annoying and they don't stop making noise even when the shoe is well broken in.  With these, I have no squeaking.  they are very comfortable, last a long time and support my feet.  I'm on my feet most of the day and my back and feet don't hurt as much with these shoes.  I would highly recommend them to anyone who not only has wide feet(like I do) but who also has to wear inserts.  Thanks Nike for providing a wide shoe for those who need it.", "What a shame!  All of the other Nike shoes that my husband has purchased over the years, the Size 8 fits him perfectly! Ordered a Size 8 here and they are too small.  So, we've spent $8.95 for in shipping costs for the first pair, if we choose to re-order in a larger size, another $8.95 in shipping charges, PLUS the shipping cost to send back the TOO SMALL SHOES!!  Very poor customer service!  After all that, we will have paid 1.5 times the cost for one pair of shoes.  BOOOOOOOO!!!", "#3 was the charm for me. I had tried two different brands before I finally found these Nike that fit me to a T.  I have had issues with shoes for the last few years and it's getting on my nerves. It shouldn't be this hard to find something I like, but it has become that. I get mens' shoes because I have wide and flat feet. Most womens' shoes are very uncomfortable, they feel like a vice on my feet. And I'm not going to put up with that. I don't know what's wrong with designers & clothiers these days, but they are sure making crap. Those of us who can't afford a new wardrobe every season need to revolt. Clothing should fit the person, not the person fit the clothes. I'm not ashamed of my size. And I don't know why EVERYONE is trying to make me feel bad. I will go to Nike from now on.", "We order thes shoes 2 or 3 times a year and they hold up. These are the shoes he wears daily.", "After wearing these shoes for no more than a week each one began squeeking extremely loud.  Not wanting to be embarrassed and deal with jokes from co-workers I stopped wearing them completely.If you take a look at the reviews on Nike's website or do a search on Google you'll see that this is a very common problem with these shoes.", "I was looking for a decent shoe with plenty of cushion on the sole. I wear these at work and have been happy with them.", "I purchased a pair of Nike Air Monarch training shoes (new) about a month ago.  After a week or so of use, the shoes began developing a loud squeak.  That is, when walking in these shoes, a loud squeaking noise is generated with every step.  The squeak is not generated by the outer sole and the floor surface (like when walking with wet shoes on a tile floor).  This squeak occurs even when walking on carpeting and appears to emanate from somewhere between the inner and outer layers of the sole in the area under the ball of your foot.  The squeak is prominent enough that not only can you hear it, but you can feel it.  The shoe actually vibrates under the ball of your foot with each step.  This is an extremely aggravating sensation and I find myself loosening the laces and slipping my feet out of them whenever possible.  I wish I had never bought Air Monarchs and would not recommend this shoe to anyone.  This was the first pair of Nikes I have owned in quite some time and will probably be the last.  With so many others complaining about the same issue, there is obviously a design defect with this shoe.  Nike should pull this model from the shelves and provide a full refund to anyone having this issue.", "Absolutely zero complaints with this shoe.  I've had many pairs of the Nike Monarch through the years as they are the most comfortable multi sports shoe I've found.  My main use now, as I get up in the years is for walking, 3-6 miles a day.  I'll continue to purchase these as long as NIKE makes them.  Highly recommend these to anyone that wants to pamper their feet.", "They are comfortable however the squeak is so loud it is embarrassing too wear them! Should have stuck to New Balance. I even tried the online solutions, put hand cream in one shoe, no help.. Pulled out the lining and used baby power then replaced liner, that didn't work either. I guess I will just wear then for yard work and washing the car and go back to New Balance shoes for public use.", "ABSOLUTE WORST SHOE EVER! Each time I take a step there's an annoying squeak that announces my arrival wherever I go. The sound is more irritating than pushing a store cart down the aisle with a bad wobbling wheel. I have 2 pairs of these shoes and both squeak terribly loud. Even the recommended POWDER remedy did not work. I have made several attempts to powder the inner sole but it did nothing to stop the noise. Gee thanks Nike!", "These shoes are ok on comfort, but I wear them in an office environment and they are extremely loud on all floor surfaces.  Would not buy again.", "This pair walks 2 miles a day, five days a week on concrete and are not wore out. All other brands lasted 5 months. My feet have large arches and no pain after 11 months. Leather is not torn and soles have tread. Add $8 inserts and you have the best. Thanks Nike.", "I have found these to have excellent arch support.  One of the most comfortable shoes I have found.  As others have stated they squeaked awful and at work was quite embarrassing.  I resolved the squeak with baby powder.  Putting the powder inside did reduce the squeak but did not resolve it.  I held the shoes in my hand and flexed them to try and pinpoint the sound.  Seemed to be on the front top of the shoe.  I sprayed the baby powder all over the top and tried to work it into the vent holes and then flex it and tap the shoe to try and move it around.  I don't know why but I left them over night and then wiped them off in the morning.  Squeak gone.  I was very surprised as I was skeptical of the baby powder solution.  This lasted 2 to 3 months and I re-applied.  This has now been months and has not returned.  For me worth it since I find the shoes so comfortable. my 2 cents", "I normally don't buy Nike's but thought I would give them a shot and these shoes pass for dress and comfortable.", "I've been wearing this style for years and yes mine squeak. I'll try the talcum powder trick.Otherwise I love them.", "Very perplexing. I bought both a black pair and a white pair.BOTH squeak. While for the money, it is a very good shoe....good support. padding in all areas, etc., they are embarrassing to wear any place other than the tennis court, ball field, etc. I have had them for over 6 months and still, squeaky. Actually, it's more like you have something sticky on the bottom of your shoes. Too bad, because they are comfortable and long lasting. However, due to the sticky squeaking, not worth it.", "Most comfortable shoe made. I am diabetic and wear these shoes in both white and black. The only shoe that I wear!", "shoe sslightly narrow", "After searching online and in stores for this Particular NIKE Tennis Shoe, I came to AMAZON and Searched for it. It is The ONLY Style of NIKE that my Husband will wear so I was THRILLED to find that Amazon not only had this Style, but that they were also OVER $15.00 LESS than Most other online stores AND Department stores that I went to Sell them for!! YAY for AMAZON!!  Don't hesitate buying on AMAZON for Name Brand Merchandise.....It IS the &#34;REAL&#34; Deal!!!!", "I bought this shoe for the name,reputation and previous experience. I was not disappointed.Out of the box, on my feet, little break in time needed.", "With my orthodics still a great fit.Created and engineered for comfort, these shoes really conform well when walking or standing.Such a good buy, I purchased a extra pair.", "The squeek, which was loud and annoying from the outset, has progressed from bad to worse and keeps on progressing.  They're so loud now that I refuse to wear them in public.  Nike should be ashamed.", "will buy these again ,they fit well, love the color combination, did not take for my insert to set in", "GREAT FIT, COMFORTABLE SHOE. MY SON IS PLEASED. HE SAYS HE WILL RECOMMEND IT AND WE ARE ALSO IMPRESSED WITH YOUR DELIVERY TIME. THANK YOU", "My husband works at a job where he's standing all day long. These shoes have been very reliably comfortable for him, and he has them in white as well. This is his fourth pair, at least.", "The wearer needs the extra width to accommodate wide foot. These sneakers measure up - true to size. Very lightweight so his legs don't tire and perfect for work.", "The Monarch is for casual runners.  It is well constructed.  I bought this because I like the way they look.  I am re-starting my running program and decided the Monarch would work.  If you are in to distance running, a better (more expensive model) shoe is advisable; however, this shoe fits my niche.", "Looks on the large size, but is actually lighter tha it looks...i use these shoes for riding myelectric bike and the usage is perfect...i had struggled to find the perfect shoe and i thinki found it...", "I am on my third pair of these sneaks and they all have the same good and bad points.First they are very comfortable.I always use foot powder so maybe that is why mine never squeek as some people say.The fit is always the same.They do seem to wear out a little sooner than expected and the glue dries up that holds them together but a little super glue and they are good to go again.Comfort is the key word for these!", "For the second time in the last year I have had UPS deliver a package to the wrong address.  In both cases the items were properly addressed and labelled. but for reasons known only to the driver, the deliveries were made to houses down the street.  In the first case the house was obviouly vacant but under renovation.  The only reason I actually got the item was that I saw a box looking like the one I was expecting, fortunately a little outside the ordinary, and went up to check the label just as one of the workman came out and spotted the delivery.  I was able to claim the item based on my name and address, and while I would like to think that the individual would have gotten it to me anyway, who knows.  With this latest item, I was fortunate that the delivery went to a friends house across the street and down the block.  As soon as she saw my name and address she gave me a call and I was able to go over and pick it up. I don't know what is going on with UPS, but it makes me very vigilant if they are supposed to be delivering anything to me and I will not ship with them at this time.", "A bit of all right,badly in need of comfortable shoes,and the price was spot on.These are very comfortable,and wear more often as anything else.", "Very comfortable and they fit well. They also look very nice on. I wear them at work for the  comfort.", "I have bought this same model twice. These shoes are very comfortable for walking and hiking. I recommend these shoes for people who like long walks.", "eleqi esa calificaci&oacute;n porque el producto es muy bueno, el acabado del zapato es muy bonito, 100% original y se le recomiendo a todas las personas para los trotes y actividades deportivas", "Very comfortable. I saw complaints about this sneaker squeaking but I had no problem with squeaks. Perfect fit. I would buy them again.", "I got these because I was tired of Adidas and liked the look.  I have the white/black/red, not the weird looking all black in the picture.  I knew about the squeaking issue, but seemed to be an easy fix.  I tried them on at a local store before ordering from Amazon.  I would have just bought them at the local store, but they were out of my size.  Anyway, these, to me, run a bit small.  I wear 11.5 in almost every brand, but usually need a 12 in Nikes.  These are the most comfortable shoes I have ever owned, and that includes my current workshoes (Merrill Shiver Moc), which cost well over $100 usually.  Time will tell on the wear and squeak, but after a few days with some heavy walking mixed in, these are great!", "I am using for walking to and from work. Excellent shoes, very confortable. Very nice design. After a week of using it I have not heard any strange noise.", "there was an unexpected break in period that surprised me. i even had to place bandaids on my heels during this period.not so with my old stand bys dr scholls.", "Most comfortable thing you will ever wear on your feet. Took the advice and put the baby powder under the insoles.", "The shoe is very well made and is as advertised. My problem is I have wide foot (EEE) which no one seems to produce much anymore. I had a pair of similar shoes that fit fine, but that was following a painful period of waiting for the shoe to stretch.", "Love the quality, price and style of this tennis shoe.  The fit my feet perfectly so I'm really looking forward to wearing them.", "I bought these shoes for something comfortable to wear while walking on concrete all day at work.  These shoes are very comfortable but after a week started squeeking very loudly.  I pulled out the liner and sprinkled the inside of the shoe with baby powder, put the liner back in and that fixed the squeek.  The blue sole stains the inside edge of the oposing shoe if it rubs it.  I have had these shoes for less than 6 months and the sole of the left shoe is coming off.  I am going to buy another pair and if they don't last at least a year I am done with Nike.  Ok, the next pair I bought lasted 4 months before the upper started ripping away from the sole on both shoes.  If you didn't buy the shoes from an authorized Nike dealer there is no warranty. I'm done with Nike shoes.", "These shoes are ugly.  Those are different comparing with the photo appears in amazon.  The quality does not seem good.  I do not recommend to buy it.", "Some of the most comfortable shoes I've worn.  I'm standing for at least 5 hours at work.  These shoes are so comfortable my feet do not hurt at all.", "My arches are not the best.  A little more arch support would be appreciated by this wearer. Otherwise terrific trainer.", "Air Monarchs are the only shoes wide enough for me to be comfortable when walking and were recommended by my podiatrist.  Not any more.  I insisted he take them off his list of recommended shoes.  After a few weeks they squeak so loudly they are useless to do anything except yard work.  I have seen the complaint over and over and Nike seems to offer no solutions or changes.  These shoes are crap and Nike doesn't care.  Buy anything else but don't waste your money on these.", "It was the sneaker specified, everything was fine, I bought them at Amazon before. But the only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is because one (left) squeaked! I hope when I start wearing them when it warms up they don't. I know I could have returned them, but....", "This is a comfotable shoe with bold looks, comfortable towear all day, feel like a slight sponge effect to cushion the foot. The one drawback to this shoe is the squeak that has developed in the left shoe that occurs with every step. Other than that good value for the money.", "This is a good shoe.  I use these for general, everyday getting around.  They are my main shoes to wear to work, to go out socially and for hikes and pretty much everything else.  The laces loosen up nicely to let the tongue loosen way up around my high arches and the width is plenty sufficient for the wide area around the ball of my foot.  I recently bought one pair to test them out as they looked a bit different than the similar but not exact same Nike shoe I have been wearing for a few years.  After break in, they are excellent so I bought a second pair in order to give each pair time to breathe or to be washed while the other pair is in use.  Need we say Nike quality is always excellent.", "Very nice my shoes&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl; Thanks a lot&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl; I really like my shoes. It fits perfect&iexcl;&iexcl;The color is very nice.", "I work in retail and am on my feet for my entire shift of 8-10 hours. As I get older, comfort in a shoe is an absolute must. These shoes are very comfortable. They bend with the foot as you walk and are of a normal weight so they don't feel like bricks. They appear well made. Maybe Ill update this when they give out and report if anyone is interested", "This is my third pair in the last for years. I like them because I am able to replace the insert with my own special made inserts. It is about the only shoe I have found to do this.", "I am a big fan of this shoe. I work in retail on my feet all day, and comfort is of the utmost importance. The Monarch has a well cushioned insole, and good padding all around. I've tried other shoes, but keep coming back to these. By comparison, the Monarch was far more durable over time than the comparable New Balance and Reebok shoes. Sketchers made a comfortable shoe, but I had splitting seams issues with them.The only thing keeping me from giving this shoe a 5 star rating is the squeaking issue that so many other reviewers have mentioned. It has happened in every pair I've owned, and it can be annoying. Research has given me a remedy though. I learned that the squeak can be eliminated by peeling back the insole, sprinkling in some baby powder, and pressing the insole back into place. Once I discovered that, I knew this was the shoe for me. Hope this is helpful.", "Love these shoes, I've been buying the model of shoe for 15 years.....comfortable, wears well, great for walking or running.", "Nice shoes -  My first time I have bought Nike  -  a bit narrow at the front is my only complaint.", "I bought these shoes for general walking around they fit well and have good support. They did take some time to break in but are comfortable now. Some people complained of squeaking but I have not experienced this.", "Nike makes a great shoe.The sizing remains constant across the years with Nike, they fit everytime.What a comfortable walking shoe. Every stride has a soft landing with good support offering a stable platform. The sole has good traction even in sub-freezing weather (Can't say they are very warm).I highly recommend this shoe for people who enjoy walking.", "These pair of Nike Air Monarch IV is a waste of money. They are not comfortable to me and they squeak so bad it annoys anyone around you. I have been wearing Nike shoes since the 80's but this will be my last purchase of a Nike product.", "They always fit perfect right out of the box. You couldn't ask for a better pair of shoes at a great price. Thank you", "I've had these shoes for only about a month and a half.  I purchased them at Sports Authority.  I've always had good results with Nike until now.  Alas, about two weeks ago I noticed that everytime I walk the left shoe started squeaking.  Like the sound you hear when you are playing ball in an indoor gym or when you come in from the rain.  It's coming from somewhere near the bottom back of the shoe.  I've gotten compliments on how these shoes look and I feel that the outside of the shoe will be durable, but the constant squeaking is really annoying.  Especially after owning them for such a short time-frame.", "TOO BIG & BULKY THROWS ME OFF BALANCE, FEEL TOO HOT FOR SUMMER WEAR,BUT DON'T THINK I WOULD LIKE IN WINTER..I AM RETURNING", "I bought these for a friend who had worn out his last pair. It's the only brand & style he wears. Loves them!", "I bought these for my dad for Xmas, he was the most excited on Xmas day, he tried them and they were a perfect fit.", "these shoes are one of the best for walking ,running, or just for everyday wear. how long do they last? over time they will show some wear  the shoe feels so good you might not notice its time to replace them.", "They look great and fit just right. Good deal and awesome price for what I got. Comfortable and just right", "i have this shoes for 2 months i bought amazon for workbut only worst thing which is always annoying is the sole of these shoes very low quality and when you walk it start making noises chuu chuu which is don't like it", "Excelentes producto, recomiento las nike monarcas muy comodas y livianas, la talla se ajusto perfectamente al tama&ntilde;o de mis pies, la recomiento 100%", "This is my second pair. My first pair started to squeek after a few weeks. I wore them for over a year and finaly it was time to buy new shoes. I really wanted new shoes mainly because of the god awefull squeek in both my shoes. Why I was foolish enough to purchase them again? Well they are very comfortable and have great arch support. I have plantar fasciitis in both feet and as walk 5 to 15 miles a day in my job so comfortable shoes are important. I could not find a pair of shoes in my size that felt right and the shoe sales persons assured me they have not had complaints on this shoe and it was a fluke or flaw in the pair I had. I bought these shoes on Tuesday, did not work on Wednesday, the left shoe has started to squeek, its Friday 2 days of wear and the dreaded squeek has reared its ugly head. I live rather close to Nike HQ and try to support my local businesses but I will not buy another Nike product, im over it.", "Can't find a better all around shoe of this type, at any price! Vendor provided 100% satisfactory service. Shipped on time.", "I normally wear a size 11D shoe but these were more like a 10.5.  If you buy these, I recommend going to a wider size and maybe even up a half size to be comfortable.", "I have to say when I received my shoes I didn't expect them to be perfect, but they were! I intend to order more shoes soon! Thank You amazon.com!", "i love these shoes and bought them for the second time. the shipment was on time and they were perfectly packaged", "I have been wearing Nike Air Monarch shoes since they were first introduced. This is generation four and I am glad that the sole pattern has been changed. Generation 3 was squeaky after some wear on the bottom. Otherwise, the fit and comfort are as the have always been. I am on my feet for up to 14-15 hrs a day when I work and these have been the best shoes I have found for my type of work and since they are all black, they pass as dress shoes even in a suit when a suit is required", "Great for work.  On my feet 12 hours day.  Feet always fell  less fatigued then rest of body. That's nice.  After year I wore out my first pair.  Was afraid I would not find another pair 4E  Then I found them on Amazon.  Highly recommend", "So, I bought some of these at a local retailer, they felt very comfortable, and I was able to get them in my size (14).  This was all awesome news.  My old shoes were dying, and I was excited to get into some nice new comfortable shoes.  The shoes were reasonably priced, and felt good while walking.  After about a week of use, I noticed a bit of a squeaking noise coming from my left and right shoe while I was walking.  The noise has become incredibly loud, and it is very distracting.  Everyone seems to notice my loud-ass shoes.  It is awful.  They fit great, and feel great... but, I never thought I would say this about a shoe, they don't sound great.DO NOT BUY!", "The shoes are tight on the sides. I expect it out of new shoes. They have to be broken in.", "I love these shoes in terms of looks, comfort and price.  The dealbreaker for me is the incessant squeaking that happens within days of purchase.  There are numerous reports online, as well as videos on YouTube, that detail this issue.  Putting baby powder underneath the insole is supposed to mitigate the problem but getting the glued-down insole out of the shoe without tearing it is an adventure unto itself.I've gone through three pairs in 18 months and while the look and feel of the shoe was fine when I moved to a new pair the noise they generate is unbearable ... enough for strangers to comment on it while you're walking around.", "I recommend these shoes because they are leather and have  a basic design without all the flashy nonsense with strange colors.", "Nice shoes at a great price. No squeak. Supports you feet well.", "The shoes are comfortable to wear when I walk to and from work, as well as at work all day. But there is a Loud and very obnoxious squeak that emanates from the shoe. It started about a week or two after I bought them, and it happens on every step, regardless of how hard/soft I tread, and it happens on all surfaces.The squeak is so bad, I just take them off at work and leave them off as long as I can. Even though they are comfortable, I would never, ever, buy these again. The noise is just unbearable. So much so, that I can only give it one star. For perspective, my friend told me He can hear the squeak from almost 50 feet away down the hall...", "Again, I was dinged for a restocking/return fee because I trusted that the feet would fit into this shoe.Rather than to alter the size of the feet, I opted to return these shoes.Amazon should perhaps quit selling things that don't fit or be a little more forgiving on returns of merchandise that is of no use to the customer.", "My husband loves these shoes! He has such a big foot that it is hard to get decent shoes. These shoes are fab!", "I love shoes that are all black and these fit the description I read the reviews before I bought them and saw that some developed a squeak after they broke them in but I haven't witnessed  anything like that but it's only been a week since I got them. Very comfortable and fit great. I would like to see these no higher than $35 though", "Same as many of the other comments.  Very confortable shoes; however, I work in a hospital and it's quite the distraction to wear these shoes in corridors as I go about my business.  It's too bad Nike doesn't weigh in on the issue.  I've decided to retire these early to my designated lawn mowing shoes...perhaps the mower will drown out the annoying squeaking sound!!  Hopefully, I'll find a replacement as confortable as these, but next time, I'll have to pass on Nike.", "Developed a very annoying squeak.  Apparently this is not an isolated incident as many others report the same problem. Don't buy this shoe if you expect it to be quiet...", "Very nice shoe's, @ very comfortable too , Fit perfectly, Going to wear then on my vacation, Thank You very much.", "I have been buying this shoe for the last ten years. This by far is the worst one. Since I work overseas, I knew iy it would be almost impossible to return. But right out of the box, both of the shoes had problems with the soles and squeak all the time. I just have to live with for now.", "These are soo comfortable.I highly recommend them.If you wear a 10.5 order these in an 11.Perfect fit.", "Good padding, very light weight, though it has odd tail but like looped tab at its tail to slip on.", "This was a gift for my husband and he loves them. You can't beat the quality of Nike and the price was reasonable.", "I bought these shoes 6 months ago, and they developed a very loud squeek pretty quick.  In both shoes.  On every surface.  On every step.  Are they comfortable?...yes.  Is the squeek loud and annoying?  Absolutely.  If I could review these and give them 0 stars, I would.  Stay away from these, they are garbage.Edit - a follow up. I contacted Nike, and they said they were \"unaware\" of this problem with this model of their shoe.  BUT they told me I could take the insert out and sprinkle baby powder onto the canvas part inside the shoe.  So I did.  And guess what, the shoes stopped the squeeking.  Even though they claimed no knowledge of the problem, they immediately had the solution.  My B.S. meter is pegged.  So if you like squeeky shoes, buy these, and then use the solution that Nike had for a problem they were unaware of.", "It fits my foot very well and provides excellent support! I hope that they continue to make this shoe and in more colors!", "Yes they squeak after a few weeks or months. But that is easily cured and they are still the most comfortable pair of shoes I own. To stop squeaks simply lift up the insole a little at any point, and apply about 1tbsp baby powder. That's all it takes to instantly kill the noise. I've had to re-apply the powder after a few months but it continues to work immediately and lasts several months.With the noise out of the way these are great shoes. Comfortable, and so far pretty sturdy although one shoe is having the sole pull away at the tip but just a little and only after a year of use. They are light shoes, and if you don't want a shoe that looks like some 12yr old designed to impress his friends then these are the shoes for you.", "Too small.  Nobody's fault but mine.  I reordered a size 10.5. Should be here soon. I'm sure they'll be loved.", "I have had this shoe in the past. I liked it so well I decided to get another pair. If they last as the previous ones did they will be well worth the money spent.", "I have been wearing Nike Monarchs for years and I love them. Nice roomy fit and very comfortable. I hope Nike sells them forever.", "These shoes seemed very clumsy and not what my son had in mind.  They seemed sturdy but ran very big and clunky.", "it was a nice shoe, to be a nike product i was expected so much more, this is just a shoe", "This is a good fitting and nice looking pair of shoes.  No problem with delivery. These shoes squish like their wet.  It is intolerable.It's not just a little, it is way too loud.  Unless you are deaf and don't care, don't buy these shoes.  Nike makes excellent shoes.  Buy a different style.", "I have owned 3 pair of earlier Air Monarch models which were absolutely wonderful. This pair however has not lived up to the same expectations. I purchased these exclusively to wear at work(hospital). After a little over one month all of the air has completely gone out the air chamber and now they really hurt my feet while wearing them even after adding gel insoles. This is horrible. I would like to return them but present time is past the return window.", "Excellent and fast service.-Very good product.-I recomend to buy it. It's a comfortable sport shoes.-My husband wears it the entire day", "This product is a good fit and very comfortable, so much that I ordered my other son the same shoes.", "Husband really likes this Nike shoe for work! Great support, comfortable and in a wide width! Will purchase this shoe again. Thanks", "They are nice and quite fashionable but they are hard and not so flexible. I'm afraid its sole will damage in a few rounds. Neverthless, by now, I feel happy with them.", "I've been wearing Air Monarchs for years.  They are great shoes!  I usually have purchase them at a local sporting goods store but they were out of size 11 so thought I try Amazon.  Unfortunately, They are SMALLER than the size 11 Air Monarchs that I've been wearing.  I'm going to try to return them if I can.  Very Disappointed", "squeaks like crazy .Thank god the store took these back after a month because they where the most noisy embarrassing sneaker i have ever owned.  DO NOT buy this shoe. sloppy and embarrassing. it would have cost me More time and money to ship them back and wait for Nike to inspect the shoe then it was worth. Shame on nike for selling a know defective product.", "Great shoes! These seem to have more heel cushioning than other similar shoes, and we're very effective at lessening foot pain, right out of the box!", "buenas tarde el articulo esta estupendo la c&aacute;lida muy buena el color es tal cual como aparece en la publicaci&oacute;n lo recomiendo", "In the past I've bought less expensive sneakers at Sam's Club or WalMart but  they were not very comfortable nor did they last very long...This time I wanted something a lot better. I have two two bad knees that need replacing and wanted to ease the pain of walking.So although I've never had a pair of Nike Air Monarchs, I ordered them in hopes of getting a decent shoe that would make my walking easier.It was a good decision on my part. With basic standard shipping, the Nikes arrived quickly in just several days. The fit and comfort perfect. I gave these a five star rating for quality, looks, comfort. I'll do it again when I need them.", "Los zapatos son muy buenos, son c&oacute;modos y confortables, sin embargo se pelaron un poquito por la punta como a la segunda semana de estar us&aacute;ndolos porque los limpi&eacute; con una esponja de lavar platos, eso no debi&oacute; haber pasado.", "Its bigger than I expected. im not a USA resident so i cant change it for another size. I will leave the country on 16 th of May.", "todo suuuuuuuper bien rapido y bellos ademas  q estaban en muyyy buen estados los zapatos los recomiendo como vendedores soy de venezuela", "Excelent shoes!! all it gone ok with the track and everything the shoes fit so well the size was perfect and the shoes are beutifful", "Worked fine for the first week then became gradually extremeley squeaky. I had to perform operation to unsqueak. There's a youtube video that shows you what to do. Would rather have not had to do that.", "Just as the other reviews have stated! Couldn't believe the shoe would actually be loud, how does that happen? But sure enough... when walking on a hard surface the sole seems to make noise against the floor when &#34;pushing off&#34;. Too bad cause I wanted the non-lug type sole. Returning.", "March 2013 - Purchased Nike Air Monarch at Dick's Sporting Goods.  Took about 3 weeks before the right one (why the right, like the majority of other reports?) started squeaking.  Partially helped by removing insoles and placing a Dr. Scholl's insole, but remaining squeak still loud enough to generate stares and \"haven't paid for the shoes yet\" jokes.  Dick's will not acknowledge any problem or have a solution.  I will try to contact Nike, but doubt that they will do anything.  Wish I had read the reviews before purchasing.", "My husband is very happy with the fit and the look. he said they are very comfortable. again I am very happy with the product", "My son loves this shoe.  It is somewhat tighter than other Size 11's that he always buys, but it is a great shoe and good looking.  He previously had the same shoe and it wears well.", "My pinkie toe could use some more room, but I expect the fit to wear in.  With wide front toes and a narrow heal, it is not easy to get a great fit.  My heels slip up and down, maybe the air sole is too stiff front to back, but, they are nice and air-cushion comfortable up and down,  I hope the outers are all leather.  I had some New Balances that were not.", "I see some other people who have reviews on here have had a problem with these shoes squeaking. I have bought 3 pairs of these over a few years and every one of them has squeaked like crazy! So if you don't mind the annoying squeaky sound then get them. These shoes are great for work especially if you stand in one spot or are on your feet all day at work. I won't be buying these anymore cuz they are way too squeaky for me! You'd think Nike would FIX THE SQUEAKY PROBLEM!", "I recently bought a pair of Nike Air Monarchs and after about 30 weeks they started squeaking. It's so embarrasing. I tried washing them but have recently learned that it is the worst thing to do. This seems to a big problem since every search I go to has people complaining about these Nike's. It seems that NIKE should have a re-call on these athletic shoes and give us a refund.I'm a big guy, (400lbs) and have always bought New Balance for 30 years but my local Dick's store didn't have my size (2nd time) and I was in a burry so I bought these Air Monarchs. They really are very comfortable.Most likely back to New Balance!!!!!It's six months later and I want to add to my critique. I went and used WD-40. I sprayed the entire insole, sole and oustside with WD-40 and rubbed it all in. A day later the squeeking stopped. Now these shoes are fine. They are very comfortable and seem to be holding up well. Not sure if I would buy them again but needed to add this.", "Do identify specific attributes (e.g. comfort & fit of a shirt or the battery life of a camera) and whether they met your expectations", "Only shoe my husband wears for work.Have been buying these for years.True to size fit. Good value ,good quality.Low price.", "The previous 4 years I've worn through 2 pairs of Brooks Addiction shoes. They're comfortable, provide good support, and can pass as 'business casual' while still wearing like sneakers.  Recently my 2nd pair of Addictions were starting to break down and I realized I was only getting 2 years out of them. They cost twice as much as these Air Monarchs, so I decided to give the Nike's a shot. I've only had the Nike's for 2 or 3 weeks now, but I'm very happy - the benefits of support, comfort, and style (plain black, office-appropriate) is on par with the Brooks. If they can make it two years, I'll continue buying them!", "Shoes have great support all around and the toe box is wide and comfortable. Stable while in play. Well made. I have four other pairs of tennis shoes which I can't wear to play tennis as the toe box is too narrow and tight, causing blisters and pain.  The NikeAir Monarch fits my feet better than any other shoe I tried on.  Wish they came in more bright colors.", "Very comfortable shoes with great arch support. These are more comfortable than many of the more expensive Nikes out there and have lots of cusion to them.Well, update. After three to four weeks they developed an annoying squeak as some other reviewers have experienced. Will not buy any more of these!", "These are the shoes my husband keeps having me order. He loves the look, the fit, and the comfort. Great shoes.", "I live at in a tropical rain forest and these shoes keep my feet warm and dry and they are so comfortable. I love my Nike air monarch shoes. They are the best!", "The sneakers fit really well and are comfortable. Kind of lite which I enjoy. Love that I was able to find a pair that I think looks good and have hope that they are durable. The sneakers are more for show than sports because they don't appear to be too flexable. I mean more flexable than my older neighbor that I used to have relations with back in the day but she had an arthritis problem. Yeah I like older women, why you laughin, you don't see me making fun of you for being the head of the Emo Phillips fan club do you?", "Yes thank you", "Compared to the discontinued Air Definitions, these Air Monarchs are like wood shoes!  I feel what I can only describe as walking with a rail under my arches.  I contact Nike, who responded very quickly, but sadly told me they would not be making Air Definitions...  I know a great deal of people my age (50+) who wore Air Definitions.  If anyone knows a good Nike Air cross-training, please let me know.  All I wear are Nikes, but just moved to a NB 608 v3", "smallest 14 i have ever worn..... will try to break in..... these must not be original nikes although look it...i have bought monarchs before, the shoe tongue is smaller on this pair from amazon dealer..... makes it difficult to put shoe on..... really a tight D....... will say,  WOW, a a packing job for shoes.... a BOx in a BOX with bubbles... the packing job was indestructable.... please buy your shoes at a store.... hope you don't have a wierd 13 1/2 shoe size like me when you have to buy 14s to shrink down..... these were already shrunk for a new labled 14....have the old 14 monarch as well an still plenty of room in that one...", "i HAVE OWNED 6 PAIRS OF THESE SHOES THROUGH THE YEARS AND YES THEY DO SQUEAK BUT THAT CAN BE FIXED EASILY WITH POWDER. THESE SHOES ARE THE MOST COMFORTABLE SHOES I HAVE EVER OWNED I AM 6 FEET 2 IN 280 POUNDS WITH BAD KNEES AND HAVE TRIED MANY SHOES BUT THESE ARE THE BEST MOST COMFORTABLE SHOES I HAVE EVER OWNED I HOPE NIKE DOESN'T CHANGE A THING IF YOU NEED A GREAT PAIR OF SHOES I RECOMMEND THESE", "These shoes squeaked within two weeks of ownership. Had to remove the insole and &#34;powder&#34; them to quiet them down. Within 6 months the shoes started to come apart. I have been buying and wearing Nikes for 30 years. This is my last pair.", "sneaker squeaked, cut out the insole with directions I found on youtube, shoes are now perfect. good good good good", "Nice fit, nice look.  This was my second pair of Monarch's.  Sadly, this pair is a dud.  They squeak and creak terribly. It's obviously a mfg defect. Nike customer service wont' replace them because they were manufactured three days past their guidelines date.  So much for real customer service, Nike.  BAD, BAD, BAD.(guess you can tell I am not a happy customer.  Next time I buy Adidas or Reabok!)", "I work in retail and am on my feet for my entire shift of 8-10 hours. As I get older, comfort in a shoe is an absolute must. These shoes are very comfortable. They bend with the foot as you walk and are of a normal weight so they don't feel like bricks. They appear well made. Maybe Ill update this when they give out and report if anyone is interested. I'm nicking it a star for the following reason:The primary reason I thought to write a review is to warn everyone about the size ordering. As other reviews have warned you must order larger than you normally wear. My feet really only need a US 10 1/2  but I always buy 11 so my toes have lots of space. I ordered 11 in these and they feel like 10 1/2  My toes have little to no room to move and the tip is not squarish but sharply rounded stealing more toe space. Other than this I love these shoes so far. Im hoping as i break them in maybe the shoe will expand a little and give me my toe room I need. I will order these again but in 11 1/2 to be sure.", "I recommend these shoes, but you need to make sure you order a little bit bigger than you regular size.  I recommend the pair", "got the package as expected, hard to find all black shoes in stores, they fit perfect and are very comfortable. will order more when they wear out.", "I bought this for my uncle who has really bad gout and his foot swells as a result. It fits him well and he loves his Nike brand shoes. I got the expediated shipping and I tell you this thing comes fast. Ordered on Monday early morning (1 AM) and go to my front door on Wednesday afternoon. CRAZY as I live in Cali and it's coming in from Georgia. A great deal cheaper than zappos if you want it to ship that fast. As for comfort, these shoes have a flatter footbed so it's great for his swollen feet that no longer has much of an arch. And they are quite springy when i shoved my hands in there trying to get a feel for the footbed. Great buy and although pricey, not many brands have a 4E size so it's worth it if it makes my uncle work on his feet all day in comfort.", "i can't get past the squeaking.  i love the fit and the comfort, but the noise is terrible. i hate Nike", "I have been using these shoes for years at the gym and they are very comfortable and last a long time.  I love the convenience of being able to by them online at a reasonable price.  I have had them squeak in the past but only after wearing them for a few months.", "Great shoes-I'm in the restaurant business & have feet problems but these shoes are GR88888888888888!!! This is the 2nd pair I've ordered. :))", "About 10 years ago I started using New Balance sneakers which used to be very thick, durable and strong. However, New Balance have gotten cheaper and cheaper with each new model. The company (New Balance) has cut corners to save money. By doing so they have officially lost business with me and countless other former customers. Along comes Nike to the rescue.I first saw Nike Mens Air Monarch IV in a local store and was very impressed. This sneaker is very thick and strong which is necessary if you play sports or walk long distances. The Nike shoe is made like the old New Balance about 10 years ago. The top, bottom and inside is very thick and strong as it should be.I've used this Nike brand 6 times so far for working out (about 45 minutes to an hour each time). So far they look and feel great. I didn't hear any squeaking as mentioned by other reviewers. The first use did feel snug or a bit tight. After that it just felt comfortable. That, to me, is a sign of a good well fitting sneaker. Another great thing is that they were almost $10 cheaper than in the local store. I would definitely buy these again in the future.", "When I took the shoes out of the box they looked as though they were a pair of returned shoes.  That is not what I expected but I will use them anyway since I wear them for work mostly.", "I have bought these before because of the fit,was not able to find them locally so I bought them here.", "I ordered an extra wide size because I was taking a walking tour and needed comfortable sneakers.  This did the job!", "I have a white pair and a black pair of these shoes.  I wear the black ones to work all of the time and you can't tell it's an athletic shoe unless you look very closely.  I'm a big guy and these shoes fit extremely well and have plenty of cushion so they are very comfortable for long periods of time.", "Bought a pair of Air Monarchs in white and navy blue at a local shoe store instead of Amazon, but wanted to write a review. They're size 10.5 4E. This is a very solid shoe and they fit well. I used them last night for the first time playing volleyball after walking to the recreation center in Converse All Stars. Chucks are awesome, but I definitely felt the difference. Good cushioning in the sole of the shoe, but very stable. Highly recommended.", "I have been wearing the Nike Air Monarch for over 15 years.  Sizes run small, so I discovered a long time ago that my size 8.5 feet are most comfortable in the Nike size 9.5 shoe.  Shoe sizing always varies from one manufacturer to another, so find your true size in the Nike Air Monarch and you may never wear another shoe.  I wear these for everything except the most dress-up occasions.  Comfort issues I have had with other shoes have never been an issue with the Nike Air Monarch.  It took over 10 years to wear out my first pair of Nike Air Monarchs.  All that means is I now wear the first pair for yard work; they're just too worn to wear for good.  But they are still in good shape.  I'm now wearing my second pair which I have had for nearly five years. Buying this new pair just because I'm afraid Nike might stop making them.  I plan to wear these (and however many replacements may be necessary) for the rest of my life on this earth!", "I have had 7 sets of this shoe and they are made great and are very comfortable. I will buy more", "AFTER A PERIOD OF NOT EVEN A  MONTH.  IF YOU CAN GET PASS THE SQUEAKING NOISES WITH EACH STEP THEN THIS SHOE MAY BE FOR YOU,  I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND IT THOUGH.", "after buying Nike Monarch for the past ten years I am looking for a replacement brand. The last two pairs developed an anoyingsqueak even on carpet.You cannot call this pair sneakers because they will hear you 30 feet away.", "If you ever need to sneak up on anybody, you will have to remove these shoes first. It's not a little squeak, either. It is loud. It is annoying. My other complaint is the shoelaces, which will not stay tied. Constant readjustment required, which is damned annoying on a cold, miserable and rainy day.Apart from that, these are very nice shoes. They are lightweight, comfortable, and versatile. Now if they would only&#8230;'nuff said.My overall opinion: it's a good value; not great, but good.", "These shoes are a great fit and very comfortable. I am on my feet all day and I have bad knees and these shoes have really helped with the pain because of the cushioning.", "The prior Nike Air Trainers were more flexible and to my feet generally more comfortable.  Perhaps these will be better with wear.  I have not noticed the squeak some people have complained of, perhaps Nile cured that.", "These Nikes were not the same quality as I get in retail stores.  The shoes are the size he always wears but this pair didn't fit.", "The sneakers fit just fine and were cheaper than if I went to a Sporting Goods store. I use them for work around the house - they do squeak a little bit but it doesn't bother me.", "Squeak! My God I've never had a pair of shoes that squeak this much.  They wake up the dead.  The only thing I can say is they make a good conversation piece, but probably not for Nike.", "I ordered the same exact size and type as I was replacing. But they didn't fit real well on the top of my foot. Which was very unexpected. After wearing them in they stretched out and worked ok. The package delivered within the specified time window.", "Yes, they are a decent pair of shoes. My biggest complaint is that for the price, the quality is a bit lacking. Long-term durability is yet to be seen, but they lack the feel of a well-made shoe that I have come to expect from Nike. Back in the day, you could still get a quality shoe from Nike without going into the triple-digit price range. These are not the least-expensive pair of Nikes that I could have bought, but they \"feel\" like they are.I am not referring to the fact that they are light weight, which is a plus, but more to the overall appearance and feel. The soles feel very \"plastic-y\", and make more noise than what I am used to, or care for. The rest of the shoe just feels synthetic and cheaply made. If this is what passes for a reasonably priced pair of Nikes today, then I am pretty disappointed. If it is just this model, then I feel a bit deceived.On the plus side, they are reasonably comfortable, and have a good bit of cushion at the bottom of the foot (insole?), hence the third star. The lessons I learned from this purchase are these: Don't always stick to one brand because you have known them to be reliable in the past, and perhaps more importantly, maybe shoes are just something you shouldn't buy online unless you have seen them and tried them on in person beforehand.", "It was a gift for my dad and he loves this shoes. They fit perfect and are so comfortable. They also look great.", "bought for brother who works in fast food and who is on their feet all daygreat support,great fithe really likes them", "Size 13 wide, sensitive arch. I walk 4 - 5 miles a day and the shoes are very comfortable.  I have been wearing Nike Air Monarchs for two weeks and my right cross trainer starting squeaking.  I previously read to take out the insole and put baby powder in the sneaker then put the insole back in. This worked for me. My shoes do not squeak anymore.", "Over the years I have owned over a dozen pair of these.  They are comfortable, cushioned, durable with good sole grip. Once I found them I kept going back and buying them.  I walk all day so my feet, ankles, knees and hips take a pounding. I have less pain with the Air Monarch.  Although the Air Monarch III was in my opinion a better shoe, the Air Monarch IV is better than all the others I've tried.I bought three pair for me. This pair is for my son.", "I haven't had a pair of Nike in years I just don't know why I stop buying them They fix great and I know they will last a long time because all my last pair did.I am so happy that I looked on amazon for shoes because the price was great.O ya that's why I did bye Nike the prices were to high for me in stores well thanks to amazon I know were to bye all my products at a great price and fast delivery.I don't have to wast gas and my time in stores.Thank you amazon for your great products.", "This shoe has many problems. First, it squeaks even on carpet. Second, as I have a narrow foot the Nike Air Definition was purchased for over 10 years. It was a really good shoe, fit great. But the Monarch is much wider in the heel. Size was the same 11.5 D. Nike why did you change a good product? Answer: You wanted to make it cheaper!! Squeak Squeak!!", "I've been wearing Monarch's for years so I knew what to expect.  Good looking, well fitting and comfortable shoe for everyday wear.  I will order again.", "Was able to get a difficult to locate half size in this shoe. Usually can't find half sizes in the larger sizes.", "Pros:  Most comfortable shoe I've ever put on my feet.  They're really soft and squishy.  This is compared to a typical men's New Balance walking/cross trainer shoe.  They look great.Cons:  These shoes wear out quickly, i.e. &#60; 1 year.  The tread on the bottom wears down very quickly until you've got &#34;slicks.&#34;They also squeak - badly.  I bought two pairs over the course of two years and, yep, the squeak is still there.  You'd think that Nike would try to fix this problem, however, I don't care because they're so comfortable.I will buy them again.", "Fits perfect, very comfortable and not squeaky like my white pair!My job requires me to stand for 8 hrs and these shoes makes it bearable.", "Yeah, I know the shoes' squeaky noise has been mentioned in other reviews here...but - GOOD GOD!! - it's ANNOYING AS HELL!!", "These are still a great as always. Nice looking when wearing jeans or just about anything. Keep up the good work!", "A truly good quality cross training shoe, very comfortable and lightweight and much better than the New Balance ones that I bought a few weeks earlier.", "Wish I could return these shoes, but maybe too much time has gone by.  I kept waiting for the noise to stop after awhile, but they squeak way too loud.  I will not be able to wear them anymore.Do I have any recourse since these shoes will have to be thrown away???", "I love these shoes they are so comfy and fit perfect. I will be ordering more when I need another pair", "Son elegantes me quedan muy bien, camino muy bien con ellos, no me molestan , como otros zapatos deportivoas se adpatan muy bien a la forma de mi pie", "These are perfect &#34;in the gym&#34; shoes.  I get the suport and traction I need in a lite, easy to wear shoe.", "The right shoe developed a loud squeak after a month, and it has progressively gotten louder since then.  I actually have to speak louder than normal if I'm talking while walking now.  The shoes started out comfortable, but now my feet hurt after walking in them, probably because I'm moving my foot in weird ways trying to avoid the relentless squeak, to no avail.  Not only will I never buy another pair of Air Monarchs, These shoes have turned me off of Nike brand shoes for good.  There's more affordable, quieter options out there.", "second pair that I bought the first lasted two years and give away, not because they were bad. skeachers bought some and I took two months to begin to deteriorate definitely Nike for two or more years", "you might want to buy a 1/2 size larger.....toes a little cramped...but wearable........may be better after wearing a while and breaking in", "The Nike Air Monarch squeaks and just in the right shoe. I did this: lifted up the inner sole and squirted a little of a silicone spray on the base fabric and let in soak for a minute. Put the sole back down and it quit squit squeaking. After 2 days still no squeakOn the other side of the coin, I shared this with Nike and said what reward would I get for this solution...none.", "I thought something was &#34;funny&#34; about the way these felt after an hour.  After three hours I was crippled and could not walk without a cane.  AND I AM NOT MAKING THIS UP.So having scuffed them and feeling it was too late to return them on line scuffed up II threw them into the closet as &#34;shoes fit for painting the house next time.&#34;  And forgot about themAs they looked brand new and innocent a year later I put them in my suitcase for a trip.  I wore them an entire day.MY LEG WAS TOTALLY CRIPPLED FOR FIVE DAYS AFTERWARDS.They are &#34;off camber&#34; or crooked or something is all I can guess.What horrible shoes!!!!!!!!", "I ordered this shoe in a size 11. The shoe I received was labled size 11, but I could just get my foot in it. My heal and toes are pressed against the back and front of the shoe. Very uncomfortable. This is not a size 11.", "I had the same issue with this shoe.  Nonstop, loud, annoying squeaks.  Emailed Nike.  They recommended removing the inner sole and putting powder in the shoe.  My solution - BUY NEW BALANCE.  I don't pay for brand new shoes with the idea I have to fix them so I can use them.", "Like others have reported, expect for these babies to squeak after a while.for my situation however, the squeaking doesn't bother me, I just need a long lasting powerful, comfortable and good looking shoe and this in my opinion is all of that.", "I really hate writing bad reviews, but Nike has earned it with their bad quality control and equally bad customer service. So here goes:If you like shoes that squeak and embarrass you, then these Nike Air Monarchs are for you. I bought a pair out of state, so returning them to the retailer was not feasible. So I contacted Nike customer service. Now, most companies will simply replace defective product.  Not Nike. You get to send them back at your own expense and they will \"determine whether they replaceable or not.\"A visit to the Nike website was really eye-opening.  Review after review complained about the squeak in these shoes. It's pretty obvious to me that Nike couldn't care less about this negative feedback or they would have addressed the issue long ago.Needless to say, I've given up on the Nike brand entirely, and the only consolation for all my wasted time and money is to be able to tell everyone my Nike squeak story and to tell them that IMO, Nike has become a third rate company.  I would strongly recommend you avoid Nike, until they stop selling products they (should) know are defective, and stop ignoring customer complaints.BTW, I finally went back to the out-of-town retailer where I purchased them and they replaced them - with another pair that squeaks even worse.  I'd give them zero stars if I could", "I WOULD NOT OWN ANOTHER PAIR OF THESE.THIS IS PITIFUL.  ALL THAT MONEY FORNOISY SHOES.  DO NOT RECOMMEND", "the only problem was the 55 dollars for customs so its not worth it to by them online.....better to by them in a store", "I bought these for my son for his birthday. He loves them and fit perfect. I buy him a pair of Nikes every year and this is the best one so far!", "makes me feel if you could walk on a cloud i would think thanx for stopping the pain from cheep made shoes", "I think that this is an OUTSTANDING SELLER!!  They provide amazing customer response.  I would strongly recommend them to anyone looking for shoes.", "My husband loves these sneakers!  Very comfortable and they look great!  Got these at a really good price.  Thank you.", "Update on shoe wear:I have had these shoes for about two months and they are starting to squeak when I walk. This is the second pair of Nike Air Monarchs I have had and both pair did this. While they felt great on my feet, and still do, I am disappointed that they are squeaking, yet again. I will have to find another type shoe to buy. And if you walk any amount at all, I fear if you buy these shoes, this will undoubtedly happen.", "I've always had good luck with Nike shoes, but this pair is a whole different story.The first problem I had with them was the leather started \"bubbling up\" and separating over the toe area.This started happening after about 4 weeks of light use.The second issue I had was the well known squeak. (My brother once asked me where the \"Predator sound\" was coming from.) :)The third problem I've had with these shoes is a more serious one than the other two...The sole is separating from the upper all the way around each shoe.This is happening to shoes that are less than a year old!I'm not hard on my shoes and even the ones that I am hard on (I've got some 6 year-old Reeboks that I mow the lawn in) have never had this problem.All of this from a pair of shoes that only get walked in (I have a separate pair of running shoes).I expected better from a fifty dollar pair of shoes, and I expected better from NIke.", "Overall I liked the shoes.  They hold up well, but they do run just a tad small.  I'd say order the next half size up of what you might normally get.  Normally I buy Reebok, however this time around I bough Nike.  Maybe if youre a Nike fan you already know exactly what size to get, but if you're not, a half size up is the way to go.", "My first pair of Monarchs from back in 2010 did not squeak but my new pair purchased in 2012 sure does.  Developed the squeak several weeks after owning.  Only got worse.  While the shoe is comfortable, the squeaking is horrible.  Never again will I purchase a Nike shoe after seeing the reviews on here of others with the squeaking problems and Nike not stepping up to take care of things.", "it is perfect", "These are my second pair. They are very comfortable to walk and run in although I would recommend another shoe for running. I'm not sure why I bought a second pair of these when my other ones got worn out because other shoes out there make these seem dated. I like the look and everything but I think there are nicer shoes out there.", "Great fitting shoe. Husband always wears these. Theory are very comfortable. Will be buying more in the near future. Thanks", "These are my second pair of Nike Monarch IV Training shoes. The fit is what I expected and overall I like the shoes. The last pair I had started to squeak badly and I finally decided to purchase a new pair. Unfortunately the new pair has started to squeak as well. I don't mind too much since I mostly wear them at the gym on the tread mill, etc. but the squeak is annoying when I wear the shoes to work.The shoes are very durable--especially the uppers and the tread wear well. I just wish they wouldn't squeak.", "There is no beating these for comfort but the noise that comes out of these shoes within weeks I is ridiculous! I am a UPS driver and I have bought these for the last 6 years or so hoping that they would fix this problem to no avail I will have to stop purchasing these and find something else! I wish that they could fix it I would never buy anything else but...", "Warm, really good for NY weather, and the delivery is quick. Price is very reasonable, love it. Comfortable, but just a bit small for my feet.", "this was a great Christmas gift and looks well with jeans or casual pants.  Use leather oil to keep looking new and seal from water and other weather elements", "The only problem I have is that the pkgs are arriving sort of tampered with???? Other than that , great experience.", "This is my second pair of Air Monarchs. The first didn't start the audible squeaking until the shoes were well broken in and mainly used as yard work shoes because of wear and appearance, so I didn't really care. Thought it was just a fluke and kind of amusing. Got a new second pair because shoe fit well and went on sale from $60 to $45. Now I know why. The new pair stared the extremely load squeaking almost immediately. It is embarrassing when walking the halls to have this loud squeaking announce you before you even turn the corner. I have not tried the baby powder solution suggested by other users yet. Will try first thing when I get home and hope it works. Either way, will not buy these or any Nike shoes again(I have been burned before)at any price.", "Took to long to get. Almost a month probably wouldn't order again shoes were fine if time is not a issue", "these were great shoes though are tough and heavy and comfy to walk in. I would give these a 5 star rating.", "I am in Afghanistan and purchased this shoe thinking I knew what to order. I already own a pair. I like them and they look good. Size 11. the shoes that arrived beautiful. one problem. they don't fit. my toes go all the way to the tip of the shoe and the squeeze my feet.. when I contacted the seller their response was, \"Try a size 12\". I am on a forward operating base in Afghanistan and I have no access to mail to return this product. would have hoped they'd have said, That's alright, we understand, send them back at your earliest convenience etc... nope, Try size 12. Thank you Shoe zoo for your support. lack of support i should say.", "I love these shoes. They are very comfortable. I wear Nike sneakers all the time and this is one of my favorite pairs.", "This product is very good quality,very comfortable,very soft walk like you walk on clouds.If your feet are wide this is perfect for you.In the beginning they were silent but now to squeak.I have to walk more with them.Thanks NIKE", "Our son's public school requires totally black or white shoes.  The uniform store sells one, but not as comfort as Nike.  So, this worked perfect for our very active son.", "Great comfortable shoes for a very picky husband. They are like walking on air he is one happy guy and that makes me happy.", "Great high quality shoe. Just after buying, with a brief breakin period, used them on a 3 week vacation. Walked quite a bit. Two issues for me.  1. No question, my foot size is 12, been that way for years, but the shoe seemed a bit small. 2. For warm weather, these were a bit warm.", "I can not say enough good things about this product, it was an amazing purchase and I will buy from this seller and this product again in the future", "Bought a pair of Air Monarch;s about four years ago. Although it's been tweaked a bit it's basically the same shoe and I applaud Nike for not giving the shoe a makeover just for the sake of change. It's a winner. It is extremely comfortable due to the full length air sole and gives great support for basketball, tennis or just plain walking. BONUS: If you're looking to add to your overall height this shoe will add another inch.", "I know these shoes. I've easily owned more than eight pair over the years. It was only the last pair I bought that I too got the annoying squeak out of the right shoe almost immediately. (hence the mere 3 stars) Too bad I already relegated them to yard shoes to try the powder/silicon solution I've read here.Knowing that my next pair may also develop that problem makes me wary of a follow up purchase. I think I might try once again but Nike: LISTEN UP.. you probably can hear your quality failure right out in your own warehouses- on the very feet used by your employees. And I tell you this; If my next pair is as inferior, it will be the last pair of yours that I will purchase and you WILL be seeing them at your doorstep if for no other reason than to make you waste your time and money disposing.Get it together Nike, smaller corps have died for less egregious errors.", "I bought them at Sports Authority about a month ago and now the seams on bottom of sneaker are separating and making noise.  The date on my sneakers is 8/9/12 - 8/13/12.  I used to wear this line of sneakers with no problems, now I will be switching to another sneaker maker. Very comfortable sneaker but people are commenting on the noise from my sneakers as I walk by, even on carpet!", "I got the shoes within a few days of placeing the order and the were on my feet within a few minuies,,Feel goood.", "have had serveral pairs of these shoes and switched to other brands but always seem to come back to the monarchs...i do ALOT of walking on my job and these are the only shoes ive ever owned that seem to get me through an entire day without any foot pain...", "There are the most comfortable shoes I've ever wore in my 54 years of captivity thanks Nike!", "The Nike Air Monarch is a comfortable shoe and very good looking. The only thing I don't like is the loud embarrassing squeak that it makes...and I do mean loud.  It's actually so loud that I might stop wearing them.  Anyone have any remedies for the squeak?EDIT - Talcum powder under the insoles fixed the loud squeak, so I'm giving it one more star.", "These shoes I like very much, for a low end Nike Air shoes they fit the bill for a comfy walking shoes, has very good grip in wet situation...And Just enough Air support to take edge off walking on concrete. Was delivered ontime, and packed in a smaller sized box and over all satisifed with order...Would buy again. ThanksTodd Poole", "The squeak with each step is simply not tolerable.  They make so much noise, you may as we'll have your dog's squeaky toy duct taped to the soles.", "Nike Men's NIKE AIR MONARCH IV RUNNING SHOES 11 (WHITE/BLACK/VARSITY RED) This is great for your arch of your feet and its fits realy good.", "THE BLACK SHOE IS NOT WHAT YOU GET.It says Metallic Silver/Mid Navy...and that is what I wanted and what I got.These are great all purpose running, walking training shoes.  That is why they keep making this model shoe.Simple and durable.  Mine last about 1 1/2 years each with HEAVY use.", "I purchased these shoes for my son because he is on his feet most of the day.  He says that they are very comfortable, well cushioned,  and provide the needed support.", "I have pain in my feet due to diabetes and this is the only shoe I've been able to wear without discomfort for the past 6 years.  I hope they never stop making them.  Great for people with sensitive feet at a reasonable price.", "Shoes were great for the first 2 weeks, then started squeaking very loudly when I walked.  It was so loud that I was embarrassed to wear them.  I called Nike and they said they didn't know about any defect, BUT I could remove the inner soles, pour baby powder inside each shoe and then put the inner sole back and the noise should stop.  Odd they didn't know about a defect, but had a supposed fix.  I tried the baby powder and it quieted then down some, but they still squeak.I read online this is a common problem with a lot of their shoes.  So avoid unless you like to be the center of attention everywhere you walk.", "My husband wanted me to get him some new shoes .. Just like his old shoes. That's why I love Amazon. I searched, found, and ordered. It took awhile to get here, but he is very happy with the shoes. His third pair.", "Before you buy these read the reviews or simply google monarch squeaky sneakers.Bottom line is after a month of normal  wear these will squeak.. and they are loud when they do. All over the internet are complaints videos and \"fixes\" of these poor quality defective sneakers. or shall I say clown shoes!The worst part is Nike won't admit they are all defective.When sent back, Nike gives the same canned response of outsole wear or some other crap. They refuse to stand behind their product. I've purchased many Nike products in the past but no more. I'll stick with New Balance from now on!", "these sneakers are good for walking but not jogging as they have air in the heels and it punchers and blows out after a few months.another thing is that they make a horrible squeaky noise after the air blows out of them every time you walk on them.so if you want a regular walking sneaker then they are perfect and are extremely comfortable especially if you have lower back pains.but if your a jogger don't buy these as the air will blow out.", "They are somewhat large for me.  I am between a size 14 and 15, but no one makes a 14 1/2.", "Shoes arrived in perfect condition . They were a gift for my son. They fit him perfectly and are very comfortable.", "This shoe is awful. They squeak so bad that you sound like a duck. Even on carpet!! I purchased twice which was stupid. First ones squeaked but thought it was just me. Then when I got the second ones I knew it was the shoes. Contacted Nike and they told me to put baby powder in them. Really!!! What a joke. If you like squeaky shoes then these are the ones for you!! Watch out for duck season!", "I purchased a pair of Monarchs several years ago and still wear them but they don't look too good so I purchased these and the beat goes on.  Hopefully Nike is still making them in the next 5 years when I am ready for the next pair.  Best shoe I have ever worn.", "I purchased these to wear to the office during the week. You can't tell they're tennis shoes. And if you're on your feet all day, these are the answer! Nothing to &#34;black out&#34; as far as logo etc.Very happy, happy, happy!", "its a nice looking shoe.i ordered size 12. its  seems to be a little small at the end of the toes. i am hoping it breaks in", "I usually can not find shoes (4E) to fit me. These are comfortable and affordable. I  would recommend this product.", "I bought the shoe because it has excellent heel and arch support. Very comfortable. Broad sole provides good stability. A good value.", "I have to say these are my preferred shoes to wear to work.  I do a lot of walking in my shift and we are required to have all black shoes.  These never let me down.  Keep my feet comfortable and look great.  One bad thing is the squeak you get after walking in them a while.  There is a simple fix to this, however.  Just lift the insole out and put some baby powder in the bottom.  Let it coat everything and replace the insole.", "These are a second pair, first bought locally. They are good for my feet bottoms, where I've had issues, and where running and other cross training lighter types just were not cushioned adequately. These are perfect for avoiding that. And they are not heavy for the build. I walk treadmill at 6.0+ elevation, and flexibility is also not an issue. The &#34;D&#34; size in these is my wider than average width, while the other models of &#34;E-4&#34; etc, were too wide in the store. I waited for two months to be sure the store bought pair were indeed perfect; these from Amazon were true to size, and will last me for years--Grateful to Amazon once again. ~ww", "This pair of shoes feel very comfortable. The sole is about 1.5 inches, which is pretty thick in my mind. They are durable build and can last long if used mainly for walking. They are not designed for running and mountain climbing, but they can do the job.They do give the sound other people have described. I can ignore it.", "It is really a high end orthopedic shoe for just $70.It helps me with my back pain.One feels like walking on a cloud.You'll love it too.", "It is a little small for me,but still okay.It is light and can help jumping or comfort walking.I hope it is durable.", "its good for work. for money its worth it. i recommend this shoe for ppl who works long hour on feet. very comfortable.", "I have had these sneaker over a year. the squeeking from these sneakers was so loud I was embarrassed to wear them outside. I only wear them inside to work out. I spoke to a guy I work with (a regular sneaker head with 250pair of sneakers.) He suggested I remove the upper soles and put talcolm/or baby powder in there. I was using my pocket knife to help remove the upper sole and accidently punctured the air pocket underneath in the lower sole. I hear the air come out. I put the sneaker back on and the squeak was gone. I took my pocket knife and punctured the air pocket in the other sneaker. No talcum powder or baby powder needed. I can now report both sneakers are squeak-less. The sneaker are just as comfortable without the air-pocket as they were with it. There is not a significant difference that I can tell.", "I got these shoes for a relative to replace some other Nikes shoes.  Comfortable and light weight.  He says they are great and would buy them again.", "muy buen producto satisfecho 100% la calidad y el tiempo de entrega el esperadolo recomiendo y espero que salgan nuevamente", "I don't wear these as work boots or to go hiking in. I wear these with jeans and a button down shirt.What stands out to me is how comfortable they are and how they don't feel like boots after wearing them all day. I grew up wearing tennis shoes mostly out in here in Los Angeles. Whenever I do have to wear dress shoes, they usually hurt my feet and leave my feet sore.", "the shoes were way to too tight, and kept causing me to have blisters. i would not buy these shoes again. they were also really heavy. and did not meet my expectations.", "Got these for my son for his indoor winter baseball training. He really likes the way the shoes fit and likes their look.", "Shoes are really pretty for the fans of \"all black\" stuff. I found them not as confortable as the other Shoxs I had", "These have become my go-to running shoes.  Every so often I'll try something new, but haven't found anything that provides the lightweight support these do.", "I have owned adidas, puma, New balance and a lot of nikes, but this model IS THE ONE. incredibly comfortable and very well designed for running. For walking they are unbeatable too.", "I really liked my Nike Lunarglide+2 shoes.  I thought they had cushion in all of the right places such as the heel and mid-sole vs. all over the shoe and they are wicked light!  What I ended up not liking (after they destroyed my big toe and the one next to it) was how the toes really tapers into a narrowing toe box to push off from.  I did not notice this right out of the gate until I ran a few 6 min/miles.  I did have plenty of room as far as the length of the shoe with a thumbs with at the toe, but that darn taper made me look for another solution.  I run 20+ miles per week, 5'8\", 156 lbs with normal arches and a mid-strike style.  I just picked up some Asic's Cumulus 12s.", "I am a long time Saucony customer. I tried these shoes out and found them to be light and comfortable for mid-mileage running. They seem to me to run true to size, but are wider in the heal and mid-foot as compared to Saucony. Nice looking and well made as well.", "i really liked the shoe when i first got it it was sooo comfy i loved it...it had very good support in running and arch support i've been wearing the same pair of shoes for almost 10 months held up good except for the mesh on the sides... it started to rip and tear but it has been almost 10 months very good shoe im going to try the 3rd one out to see how that one will work......i prescribe this shoe for any day use and runnning", "I'm a big guy (250 lb) on my feet all day long, so I need a ton of cushioning and also medial support.  I used to run a sneaker store and always swore by Brooks but was looking for something more appealing to the eye.  I have worn these nearly every day for the last four months and they are by far the most comfortable sneaker I have ever worn.  I'm actually ordering a few more pairs so I'll be set for a while and won't have to go looking.", "I have owned multiple pairs of running shoes, and I must say these are the best I have ever owned. Even a customized pair from NIKE ID did not fit me as well as these do. The lightweight feel is unmatched by any other shoe and the comfortability is still there regardless of the weight. Not only are these shoes perfect for running, but they also make a great workout shoe. Even if you are looking for a pair of sneakers to wear around, these shoes will work for you. I highly recommend them, especially at such a great price.", "I have had the lunarglide +2 for about a month and am very pleased.. I walk a brisk 5 miles/day foryears and these are my favorites.  Extreme comfort and I like the style, even with the red outersole.I am considering another pair in a different colour or trying the newer lunarglide 3..update:  I tried the new lunarglide +3 but they only had one colour combination and it didn't work for me.  Fortunately, the lunarglide +2 were on sale and $20.00 off, so I bought another pair and amhappy.  I bought the lite grey/ lime green outersole combination and they look great and feel great too..", "These shoes are great! Thay lasted my son about a year, before he wore them out. I bought him a pair of plain Nike hightops and they aren't even close to being a good as the Jordan's where, when it is time to buy my 13 year old son shoes again he is asking that I get him another pair of these!", "cannot go wrong with BLACK! easy to match clothes and easy to miss seeing the  dirt/scuffs. my middle schooler loves  these.", "I bought these for my son to wear to school with his uniform and they look great.  You can't go wrong with Jordan's.  Great shoe.", "excellent desing, perfect for basketball players. I have never see this model before, I will seach for a bigger and other colour.", "It was small need a bigger side need to exchange what do I need to do to make this happen", "These shoes are so comfortable they make you feel like you're playing golf barefooted. Today it was over 100 degrees and my feet were cool and dry. The wide width is just right for my feet. Love them.", "Very comfortable and light weight.  I love that the liner is sock like and stitched to the tongue so the tongue doesn't move from side to side.", "I grew up a huge Michael Jordan fan, so when my kid started watching videos of him on YouTube, it was only natural that we look for the shoes.  I found these on Amazon, the only place that I could find them in his size.  These are great, just like I remembered from the first time they came around.  My kid loves them, I only wish I could of gotten myself a pair as well.", "The jordan slide are comfortable and good looking yall should get a pair of these, im actually wearing them right now!", "These are well made, comfortable, and stylish. Intermediate school must haves for the summer or after sports. The run just a bit big. I still recommend these highly!", "Bought these for Grandson who goes outside to smoke his cigarettes.He needed something that was easy to slip on and take off.  He loves them.", "Great delivery speed good price ok fit. All plastic so able to go in a shower with no issues or problems", "This was a gift for my grandson he said they were great . I would order them again .The fit was very good that. Right size", "My grandson was thrilled and wears them as often as he can. The size was correct as was the design", "Cool retro shoe", "the quality of the shoe doesn't stand to Nike's reputation and also too near row from the from part of the shoe", "Love the look of the shoe but it is way too tight. I bought a half size larger and it still was very uncomfortable. It doesn't fit like any Nike shoe I have ever worn. I definitely returned them which is sad because I truly loved the look :(", "I have recently had ankle surgery and can't wear heels. I purchased this pair in black. They provide great support and can wear all day. I did order a 1/2 size up because Nike Air sneakers run a little small.", "A true old school shoe made with old school quality. Most comfortable shoes Ive owned. The new ones dont match the quality.", "Got exactly what I wanted. Item came a day later than I wanted but I believe it was more so the delivering company whose fault it was. Would order again if they had what I wanted, prices were reasonable too!", "I am a fan of Air Max shoes however this pair was for my 7 year old daughter. They weren't as expensive as this shoe typically costs (in a Grade school kids size $79.99 and up) so I was please off top and when they arrived the pictures did no justice they are extremly fashionable laces sparkle and the Airm Max sign is rainbow colored. Very comfortable and cute.", "Tenis comprei para uma amiga, segundo a mesmo ela gostou muito, serviu perfeitamente. A cor tambem foi exatamente como descrito no anuncio.", "Lo usa mi hija y esta feliz con sus Nike Shox, es cuero opaco muy comodo , y suave andar", "That's good, the products arrived in Brazil in perfect condition, but were taxed by the IRS.It look 30 days to arive in the country", "outer part is such a synthetic that while running all the dust and dirt sticks to the shoe.Hate It!Its either fake, or Nike has lost all the quality!", "i have shopped two colors this model. this is very very good, and comfortable and stylish Nike! we have a blue one too. we ar very pleased and glad and happy to have theese", "Awesome great shoes, fit great classic style!  Hard to find shoes got quickly in mail, like & wear them a lot!!", "Understand that af1 is usually about .5 sz larger than other shoes. This is a great shoe and you could always just wear one of the nike elite socks to compensate for the extra space in your shoe.", "Cumple con todas la especificaciones tecnicas ofrecidas, buen material, precio accesible por lo que justifica comprar este modelo y esta marca. El color es tal y como se muestra en la imagen y no hubo ninguna novedad ni sorpresa, recomiendo la compra de este producto", "These shoes are nice as far as looks go but they are litle bit tight on the sides. I play Basketball once a week and I used the shoes couple times, they were fine as far as grip and sole goes and they are in ideal weight range. These shoes dont have wider versions and hence they are a bit tight on the sides but worth the money that I paid ($70)", "Shoes of this size are very limited where I live. Happy to see all the styles from this website. My daughter looks very cute in these new kicks!", "I bought these shoes as a gift for my dad, he lives in Argentine and he never had this kind of shoes before.I gave it to him like 6 months ago, he loved it, and its still looks like the first day I got them from Amazon, great quality, great shoes, pretty confortable.", "Hello!These shoes are really great, nice looking and very comfortable! But I had a problem with them, I believe the shoes were defective since the beginning.The Amazon seller did not help at all, they told me to contact Nike, Nike said the shoes did not meet their criteria for replacement.First thing I saw (and did not consider important at that time) was the the right shoe's tongue was about 1 inch longer than the other one.The tongue is not really longer, it just was wrongly installed, about 1 inch higher, because of this it is loose at the bottom.Then after sometime (about 6 months) using the shoes the out sole of the right shoe came apart, it has a big hole, then a realized maybe the shoes were somehow defective from the beginning because of the tongue problem.These shoes look tough, but at the end a pair of Adidas Bounce, which look way less tough, lasted way longer than my Nike ACG shoes.The frustration here is that I don't understand how the people from Nike can't see the wrongly installed tongue, this clearly means the shoes came out of the factory with defects.I think the shoes are better than what I got, maybe I just was unlucky, but Nike did not honored their 2 year coverage from the manufacture date.Thanks!", "Bought these for my husband who is a security professional and outdoor survivalist. He's had these boots over 2 years and they have held up surprisingly well! His only complaint was that they are a little heavier than he'd like. But the comfort and sturdiness out weigh the fact that they are a little heavy. He wants a black pair now!", "I really do like this pair of shoes; feels so comfortable and also looks nice on feet :)I will look for different color ( gray ) to buy", "This review is to anyone that orders from this company I really give them a thumbs up they were great in customer responds and there product was actually what i wanted and more thanks again for you business.", "I like this product, and I'm using it for the last 5 months. It is good for running, walking, casual use for daily activities. The quality is very high, and it is very comfortable. Yes, I highly recommend this product.", "I have no complaints. I was skeptical buying shoes online, but made the leap of faint and it kept me from going to the store.", "This teni is very comfortable to walk or run in the Park by its comfortable sole and design I recommend it own you backyard from 1 year and still use it almost like new are", "It is just ok and as far as iam concerned i am wearing it for my long distance walks and so far so good!", "If you buy these shoes order at least a 1/2 size bigger. I ordered 10's and I should have gotten a 10.5 if they are available.", "they send me the wrong size. it was a gift item for my dad. I already sent the product out of usa. So its very hard for me to get it back. And my dad is not using it.", "Love these. My old pair are almost worn out so I got another pair in a different color. Highly recommended!", "I like the shoes!!! they are really nice. they were 39.99 and i would've paid more for them cuz they look so great! I run 5 miles a day and have used them 4 days and they are really comfortable and provide support where needed for a daily user. Feel it was a good buy. They were delivered in 2 days after the seller had them shipped, but the seller did take a few days to ship em out but still only took about 6 days total 2 receive them.", "better than shoes three times the price. very comfortable, great fit and nice looking. Buy a pair and see for yourself", "My husband is very picky about shoes and I shopped for months before I decided on these. They are very price efficient. He has had them now for a year and they are holding up beautifully. He loves them.", "I was looking for a running shoe and tried this in the store, I bought it from amazon as couldn't find the size, except slight disappointment of the color as its ltl dim than what I expected from the picture.pros: Its comfortable and light.cons: slippery on wet floors.", "This is actually my second pair of this exact walking shoe. I specifically wanted this color combination, same as my first pair. They have very good support are comfortable and wear well. The Amazon price including shipping was totally competative. Will be very happy when I decide to replace my existing shoe with the new pair.", "I love these shoes... they are a very good looking shoe.  Unfortunately the were one size to small for my dad.  i am sending them back and i hope they have a bigger size!!", "THESE SHOES ARE NICE TO LOOK AT NICE COLOR SCHEME AND A FAIR PRICE. NOW THE BAD. IF YOU PLAN ON WEARING THEM EVERYDAY FORGET ABOUT THIS PAIR. I'VE ALWAYS BEEN A NIKE FAN. I WORE THESE SHOES FOR ABOUT 35 DAYS AND THE SEAMS ARE STARTING TO RIP OUT AND THE HEAL OF THE SHOE IS TOTALLY GONE SO NOW WHEN I WEAR THEM I GET A BLISTER ON BOTH HEALS. I DONT RECOMMEND THESE SHOES UNLESS YOUR JUST GOING TO WEAR THEM ON SPECIAL EVENTS.", "nice very goodA mi hijo le encantaron sus nuevos zapatos son  muy suaves y el color le gusto mucho, buen precio", "Felicitaciones por el producto enviado, Muchas gracias los zapatos est&aacute;n bellos. Se cumpli&oacute; con lo requerido.  Excelente vendedor. Es muy agradable cuando se obtienen resultados satisfactorios.", "They are awesome, and great looking with athletic clothing and jeans as well. The heel feels very padded and therefore very comfortable.", "These are my new favorite shoes. Great looking and comfotable. Amazon underpromised and overdeliered by getting them to me way before I expected. Thanks, wish every company was so service oriented.", "I love the sneakers I purchased for my husband! They fit him just right and are very comfortable. He hates to shop and by me buying them knowing if they don't fit I can send them back was perfect. Thank you so much for making my life easier!", "These are very lightweight and comfortable. However, there is no way I can run in these since there is no arch support at all. They work fine to run errands in and work around the house and yard.", "fake dont buy. misleading ad. doesnt have nike tag nor does it say nike on shoe at all. save your money.", "I bought these to replace my workout shoes.  They are nice, a little tight but I expect when they are broke in they will fit perfectly.", "This is a great pair of walking shoes!  They are light weight but sturdy.  I highly recommend this shoe if you like to walk.", "Typical Nike shoes. Look good, feel good, what else can I say. Yes I would buy them again and do recommend them.", "It did not fit as my wife wanted. I will not buy to this seller anymore. I hope We will have a better treatment in the future.", "I bought one Nike shoes very similar as this one two years ago, it has turned to my favorite one.  Would like to have the another one.  Saw this online, so purchased it.  But the quality is not the same, seems cheap especially the surface of the leather & the way of the cut.  The bottom of shoe feels too thin.", "Nothing like the picture.  Returned the item for a refund.  I'm still not sure whether or not the card's been credited, but will check this out now.", "This is a comfortable shoe and I feel well supported wearing them.  I don't go in for flash and color, so this suits me to a t.", "perfect fit, came quickly, great price-they have been comfortable to wear since day one, no break in time needed! would order again", "These have to be the MOST comfortable shoes I have ever owned.  I have spurs on the back of my heal and it is very tender to the touch and these shoes fit so well they don't hurt!!!  I would advise everyone to try these.  They are AMAZING!!!!", "The heel is a little high and rubs on my ankle. I'm not used to that - other than that these are just what I wanted!", "Excellent quality and finish. I loved it because it was the perfect size and model for my mother. Was a gift.", "I had tried two other kinds (including Addidas) and I always end up back with Nike because they provide a perfect fit for my wide foot and lots of support for workouts.", "My mom love these! She has been wanting Nikes that are leather and these were great for her she says they are real comfortable glad she enjoys them and they came in timely manner as well after Xmas I ordeded and they were here  within a few days.  Thank you", "This shoes are everything I expect from Nike. I've been wearing Nike for the last eight years and I find them extremely comfortable for every ocassion: you can't even tell you're wearing them!! Considering I don't use them for regular sports (I'm actually very lazy) but I have to walk through awful sidewalks (up-hill, down-hill, gumpy), take buses and subway, these are the first choice for my daily activities!", "I am a nurse. I bought these shoes a few months ago and so far they are very comfy. The only thing is that it gets slippery if the floor is wet.", "Well-padded, comfortable, good-looking, all-purpose shoes, for anything from casual errands to walking/light exercise/running. Comfort is more important than looks of the shoes, but these shoes look fine, too.", "My girlfriend loved it. Ellegant, fit as expected and I do recommend to all want a tennis to come and go.", "After wearing (out) a pair of Asics for a while, and not really satisfied, I happily returned to my all time favorite brand - Nike. The Air Monarch's fir well and look good.", "I recieved my shoes and they fit perfectly.  I have had some bad experience with online ordering when it comes to shoes.  Some of the shoes I have ordered have been tight on my feet and I have not been able to wear them.  These were a perfect fit and the price was half of what I am use to paying in stores!", "Great walking shoe.", "not only do these shoes squeak like an old rusty screen door, but after 3-4 weeks, the leather is flaking off the toe of these shoes. not peeling , but flaking like a pie crust. I didn't know they could make leather that thin!!!I will be going back to new balance.....&#34;fool me once&#34;....", "This is the only athletic shoe I will buy. Great fit for my wide feet and extremely comfortable once broke in. I tried this style a few years back.......hope they never discontinue the style.", "I got them for my husband. It is the only ones he likes for walking everyday. He especially like the thick sole.", "Shoes are to wide, need information for return. Can not find information or who to contact for proper return and credit to account.", "I hope Nike does not screw upand stop making these shoes - they nailed it when they started to make them.  I have bought Monarchs for 6 straight years.", "Received just as promised - with no surprises.  Which is good.  This extra wide size is hard to find locally.  Thank you!", "I got the shoes right away as a Prime member!  I like that - totally worth the money!!  The shoes are great and who would think otherwise!!", "I have been wearing these for years. This is the only sneaker I buy. I love the way it fits, and the fact that it's wide is wonderful! I am very happy with this product!", "These shoes are an absolute god send, extremely comfortable and exceptionally stylish. I see alot of guys are complaint about the squeak, I happen to like it. It let's my kids know I'm coming and that its time to hop in the van and get to soccer practice. All of the fine soccer moms notice my shoes and compliment me on them, and also how great my butt looks in my wrangler jeans, in a nice stonewash. The only pants to wear them with if I may add. But I digress, another superb feature is they come in widths many sneakers don't and this is an added plus as my feet swell from time to time. I highly recommend these shoes to anyone looking for comfort, styling and value. Stylish enough to wear absolutely anywhere from the supermarket to the kohls. I'm going to buy the black ones next to wear to more formal occasions.", "hello good morning very much fine excelent i am complace a e i o u del 1 al 10 les doy 10", "Outdadgumstanding!!! Comfortable, stable, the perfect shoe for the treadmill or elliptical.  I am very happy and about to purchase a second pair.", "el articulo llego a tiempo y seguro, prooveedor responsable lo recomiendo es seguro y en las proximas compras futuras le comprare", "I have purchased another pair of the Nike Air Monarchs after my old pair of Monarch IIIs finally wore out after 3 years of wearing them.  These are very comfortable and well fitting shoes that last a long time.  They do squeak on some very glossy or waxed floors but meh, doesn't bother me.", "Many years ago I was severely injured and I have to be careful about what I wear on my feet. I originally bought a pair of these shoes because I trust the brand and they had these in my size. I was a little nervous about whether or not they would be comfortable for me to wear. Well, I liked them so much after I got to wear them I bought a second pair. My wife asked me about them after she has injured her leg riding and needed a more comfortable shoe for a while. I bought her a pair and she loves them as much as I do.", "Have probably bought 3 pair in the past.  None of them wore all that well, but not poorly. I'd give them a 4 except that the last pair I bought started squeeking like h*ll after about a month, and now I wear them to cut the grass where the sound of the lawn mower gratefully blocks out their noise.  Think I'll buy another pair and if they squeek I'm going to find the Nike executive in charge of this model and shove them up his a*s.", "I bought these for my son-in-law for his birthday and he loves them.  He has worn Nikes for a long time and really likes the fit.", "Very comfortable but you will never be able to sneak up on anybody in these sneakers. I'm a big guy and have had these, or similar NIKE shoes before. Most annoying. I won't but these again.", "These shoes fit true to size and they hold up well to abuse. This is the 3rd pair I have purchased for my husband. A lot of times when you purchase the same shoe multiple times, the fit varies, but these have been consistent and rugged. He wears these every day and they last 6+ months.", "Iam a fanatic of Nike ,with these shoes  you feels secures and comfortable, I recommend 100% for walk and any sport activity.", "Excellent buy on a classic pair of Nike Monarchs.  One of the best walking shoes on the market. They fit excellent and the service as well as shipping was first rate. The Monarchs are a great fit if you have wide feet and do allot of walking.  They are light as well as comfortable with the quality you would expect from Nike.", "I have wide feet and supinate. Orthotics help, but having a well-built shoe is crucial for me. These fit the bill. I'm on my 6th or 7th pair.", "Great looking shoe and it lives up to it's description in the post here on Amazon.  However, for the Price to include shipping it was slightly high, but a good purchase still the same.", "Nice but little hard", "I am very pleased with these sneakers. first, I never thought i'd be able to get them in a wide shoe. this is my second pair for my boyfriend and first pair for my son. very,very happy. WILL buy these again.", "I bought the Men's Nike Air Monarch IV running shoes for my son. He said that the shoes were a perfect fit, since he was in an accident and had surgery on his knee, he cannot wear too many shoes but this pair of shoes were perfect....comfortable and they do not bother him at the end of the day.", "The shoes were just as I ordered but failed to notice that I had chosen the wide size so had to return them.  The shoes would have been great if the right size.", "These shoes squeak when I walk.  It's so bad that my wife says it's like fingernails on a chalkboard.  It's a shame, because they look good and they are comfortable.  I will not buy another pair.", "I don't want to gush about these shoes but I have foot and ankle problems and these shoes fit so  well as they don't hurt my feet and ankles.  They are true to size not big or too narrow.  Boy I don't know but I will think about ordering a second pair to have on hand just because these shoes fit so well!", "bought a pair of these shoes.. fit well.. been buying AIr Monarch for a long time. only shoes I never have problems wearing for the first time out of the box.. LOVE EM!", "Sadly, I have bought them for a LONG time but they started squeaking after a month and I did the thing with ripping out the cushion support piece and sprinkling baby powder in it and that works by the way and putting it back on. It is sad that a LARGE company can't fix the problem. Maybe training class for it's workforce might help or a knowlegeable person to FIX it.  I won't buy them again. It's sad because they are indeed comfortable.", "sneakers were perfect.  they fit exactly as they should and true to size.  really like these sneakers.  will order them again", "wet or dry, you can hear me coming a block away. Since this is the kind of thing that passes for acceptable at Nike, I won't be buying Nike shoes again. I'd give no stars if it were an option.", "I've been getting these Monarchs for years and never heard any squeaking noise. Anyways the lady's dig em and when I pair them with some levis my sweet butt really looks good. I often get it pinched by passing women at the grocery store. Thanks Nike.", "too wide...can not wear them....please advise how to return them for a different size...boxes that they came in not available..I threw them out", "I have really wide feet.  These fit perfectly.However... I have ordered several pairs, and THEY ALL SQUEAK, and I mean really loud.  You do not even have to walk on them, but just squeeze the soles and the heal area, and the sound like a rubber ducky in heat.But.... They are comfortable and the serve me well.", "I actually bought this as present for my father--he loved it! Delivery was quick as well which was something I wanted since it had to brought in overseas--Thanks!", "Advertised as 4E, I got \"D\" not E.  No I suppose it's going to be a major hassle trying to return these. This is BS.", "Comfortable well made shoes with great quality leather tops. Unfortunately the sole on the right shoe was defective and significantly higher than the other and they were returned.Buying shoes on the net can be problematic but I've found over the years that Nike is always true to size and style tends not to deviate from their standard sizing. I wear 10.5 but ordered these in a 10 because I wanted them snug.But even at a half size down they were 'boxy\" an the fit was loose in all the wrong places i.e.: arch support, Heel and toe. My guess  is that this has more to do with the molding problems that shoes had than Nike producing a shoe inherently sized to large.In fact based on the glowing reviews here, I would say that's not the case at all.Hopefully my next pair will be free of damage and I'll be ordering a half size down just to be on the safe side.", "I have been buying the Nike Monarch's for years and have loved them. Unfortuanetly the last pair I bought have a very noisey squeak with every step I take. This pair is now the \"work in the yard\" shoes - I am now wearing New Balance. Hopefully Nike will fix the problem on next years model as these are the most comfortable sneakers I have ever had.", "Hello, these shoes are amazing deceptive. At first I thought by looking at them I had found the perfect work shoe. I could not have been more wrong. First they are the hottest shoe I own.  I'm always glad to take them off. Second they devolved that rubber on rubber squeak after a couple of months. Third I've never twisted my ankles more often than after putting these on. Mind you I have strong ankles. I decided it was due to the hardness of the soul. It's seem unlike my other shoes these have a strange contact pattern that makes it exceptionally prone to twisting ones ankle. Other than that it is stitched well and has held up just like a good leather shoe.", "I tried this sneaker a few years back , Finally wanted to try it again , So I order a pair, Great product", "I have Plantar Fasciitis pretty bad, especially in my left foot. My New Balances (with special inserts) were not helping so I picked up the Nike Air Monarchs which felt like they offered better support and cushioning (with my own inserts). I noticed that they were squeaking very loudly but by the time I decided to stop wearing them, my right foot had mostly healed. My left foot being in pretty bad shape still, I had to choose whether I wanted to wear shoes that were so obnoxiously loud around my office or go back to my old shoes. I went back to the old shoes, but just learned today about the baby powder fix. I added some powder -- still squeaking! I then poured a considerable amount of baby powder in, replaced  the inserts, and tried them. -- NO MORE SQUEAKING!!!Thanks God! Now maybe I can get my left foot healed.Poor quality control at Nike for letting this get by. Otherwise I'd give these shoes 4 or 5 stars.", "SEVERAL YEARS AGO I BROKE BOTH ANKLES IN AN CONSTRUCTION ACCIDENT. IN 2007 I BOUGHT MY FIRST PAIR OF AIR MONARCHS, AND THIS WILL BE PAIR NO. 4.  FOR ME THEY ARE WITHOUT A DOUBT THE MOST COMFORTABLE SHOES I HAVE EVER WORN.", "I bought a bigger size on purpose. This is very comfortable and well cushioned, will help prevent the sore feet and ankles.", "Thank you Nike for making the most comfortable pair of sneakers ever!!  Now can you please manufacture them so they won't squeak loud enough to wake the dead!!  Nike has had been making these shoes for many years but have had a defect problem for about the last 2 years or so, you would think by now they would have been able to fix it! For now I am wearing New Balance because it's the only company I found that makes an extra-wide, at an affordable cost, that is half way comfortable.", "Excellent is what I expected", "These shoes are comfortable and look fine, but a few months after wearing them occasionally the right shoe has developed a horrid squeaking sound. It's loud enough that some of my co-workers have commented on it. These are going to Goodwill tomorrow. I cannot recommend these shoes for any reason. I believe there are a few other recent reviews about the same issue, so it may be that the quality was recently reduced to further the profits.", "This one great shoe the only issue is the consistent squeeking, Nike must cure this issue or I will not repurchase these again!", "Nike is a great product .thank for making wide shoes they are great.thank you very much for my shoes a.d stucc", "I have issues with feet and over the last decade I've found only this style allows me to walk around all day and not be very soar at night.  So I love them for that reason, however something has changed in the last couple years where now the material and/or construction are such that it's almost embarrassing to wear these in public.  Heck even around my house!  I'm constantly apologizing for how loud they are and it sucks!  Next pair I'm going back to my local store and buying to see if maybe it's the source Amazon is buying from.  Who knows.", "On time with exact fit and with good packing I really like the product ,you guys send me on Christmas and should thank for that,really good job done thanks a ton...", "I've tried Nikes in the past and its always the same result.  I need a 3/4 EEEE size and they are hard to find in the Nike line. Amnd then when you DO find them they do not seem to be actually wide enough. So back they go. Am not going to try any more. I do not understand why Nike does not make a wider range of shoes for us fat footed guys.I mean, hey!....we can be athletic and cool looking too ya know.", "I own a lot of shoes.  Red ones, green ones, silver (black, obviously!)...you name it. But when I need a plain white walking/hiking shoe, nothing beats these Nike Sweet Classic leather. They NEVER clash with anything and always look neat and feel fabulous. I can walk for days and never get sore feet. So...when my last pair totally bit the dust, I knew it was time to go on Amazon and buy a new pair. The whole procedure took 10 minutes and a few days later: voila! Brand new Nikes to cruise around town in.", "As a nursing student, it is important to have comfortable shoes for clinical. These are not only comfortable but much more stylish for a 20 year-old than the typical white work shoes. I love them!", "My girl love this shoes, she use for the school. The last year she have the same shoes but diferent color. When she saw this color said \"i want this shoes for me again.\"", "NIKE WMNS NIKE INITIATOR (WOMENS) excellente zapato cumplieron con mis expectativas, llego en la direccion indicada y el tiempo fue de espera satisfactorio....los recomiendo 100%", "I'm a nurse, and shoes should never have to be &#34;broken-in&#34;. They should feel good as soon as you put them on. The seam on the shoe runs directly across your toes, and with socks on, it just adds more to the pressure points at the end of the toes. This can cause blisters and discomfort. Won't buy them again....", "I love these shoes for walking. They fit perfectly and are lightweight and flexible. I would purchase these again in another color.", "It is a great shoe, very comfortable. I use it for running around the research lab, teaching, and I bought another pair for the gym. The service was excellent too. Shipped very quickly.", "I use them for running, lots of walking, and aerobics . . . they fit great and have held up well for several months now! They still look good too, even with all the white on them. I'll be ordering another pair when I've worn these out!", "This is a great pair of shoes. Was exactly what they said it would be and is the best shoes I have owned.", "From the minute I ordered from Amazon to the speedy delivery I was happy.  Nike is a great shoe and the price was wonderful.  The shoe actually was better looking then it appeared on line.", "I purchased the Nike Initiator's to wear for my afternoon walks. I like them except they are a little tight across the toe area.  Can't wear for long periods due to this problem.  Wasn't offered in wide.", "The product arrived on time, in excelent condition and it fits me perfectly therefore they are great for excercise and for walking.", "Comprar ropas Nike son una maravilla, es elegancias para los ni&ntilde;os y ni&ntilde;as de esta epoca. es exclusivo para cualquier temporada del a&ntilde;o.", "Good quality, suitable for everyday walking, and in good price. May be I would buy more of the same style, and from the same seller.", "was a present and we did itfit as expected and the person get it love itgood product excelent price", "Great shoe that fits well, looks good, and is of good quality.  You really can't go wrong with a Nike running shoe and this one is really great.", "Nike running shoes are my best choice, when it comes to sneakers. They support my arch, the cushion in the shoe feels good for a longer period of time, than other sneakers I've purchased in the past and the soles are non-skid. Nike shoes never let me down. The only thing with this particular shoe was, it took me a longer time to break them in, and I think it's because their medium width. I never noticed a width on my Nike shoes. I wear regular, or so I thought narrow widths and these medium widths were hard on top and took longer to break in. Now the shoes are fine, after about 4 weeks, where as before, I could slip on a pair and never think twice about it.", "very comfortable and fit well. unable to find in stores anymore so it was nice to find then on line.", "hello!!!!!!!perfectos bonitos para mi esposa gracias!!!! muy rapida entrega!!!! calidad!!!! los felicitos saludos!!! viva usa!! hasta la vista beby... saludos", "Ordered for my Step-daughter for Christmas.. I think she will love them.. if not, I will lol! Very light weight. Great bargain.", "Returned them. This is the hardest insole I've ever experienced! Loved the look but disappointed with the comfort. Also runs NARROW. I usually buy NIKE because I have a very narrow foot, but this was even too narrow for me.", "These sneakers came very clean, well rapped etc. According to my daughter whom loves them and could'nt wait for her husband to see her in them Lol, My daugter loves these sneakers and I am happy to find a company with such a great line of athletic shoes. Avery good company that are very resonable, and the sneakers came on time.Thank You", "I bought this shoes for mom and she's loving it. and well, I don't know what else to say, great shoes, really confty :)", "I have been walking on treadmill for a few weeks now. I walk anywhere from 4 to 6 miles a day and it is hard on my feet. I have an old pair of Nike walking shoes that are just about worn out, so I ordered these. These shoes are so light and feel really good on my feet. I was hoping that since they are considered running shoes that they would also be good for walking, and they are. I am very satisfied with the comfort and I really love the colors! I was also impressed with the price! Nike's are just great shoes!", "Excelente, recomendado... Buen producto, lleg&oacute; a en el tiempo estimado y en perfectas condiciones, el material es bueno, nada de imitaciones.", "I read the reviews on those shoes that said that you get used to them quickly and they dont hurt your feet at all so decided to buy them which turned out not to be true at all. they hurt pretty badly for a very long time! like a few months! even though i am not an everyday runner but at the time when i bought them i ran pretty often and i just couldnt suffer thru that pain anymore so i had to stop. next time i will probably buy it at the shoe store...", "These shoes where more than expected.. the color was perfect but most important for our daughter in track who runs and needs good comfortable shoes!! also I paid for standard shipping but received priority in every action.", "Feels excelent.  I used them to run (5k), spinning and trademill and they worked perfect.  I recommend them.  The style is perfect and very elegant and modern.  They color helps cover the dirt.", "The product looks a bit cheap like the Nike logo will fall off real soon. Not that it matters much since I will only wear them to the gym. Their delivery was amazing! The fastest I&#8217;ve ever seen. Great Job!", "Bought these shoes for my husband because he didn't want his more expensive Nikes to work in but needed something comfortable to wear to work at a warehouse. They have been a life saver on long days on concrete floors. Also, he liked the way they looked so much that he hated to wear them to work. They are as good and as nice looking as his more expensive &#34;home&#34; pair.", "I am very pleased with these shoes.  I highly recommend them to anyone.  They are very comfortable and they look nice.", "I found these shoes to be very comfortable.  The air-pads are very cushy.  They are not as inflated as other air-pads on previous shoes I've owned.  I have lower back problems and they have really helped ease the imnpact from walking/running for me.Yet... I just noticed the some plastic is peeling away where the Nike swoosh is placed.  It's peeling rather unevenly on both shoes.  Small thing and totally aesthetic but it does make me think that at least that part of the craftmanship is shoddy.Still very comfortable shoes.", "Along with the quick international shipping, these shoes are great fitting and comfy as. I purchased them as my running shoes but once i got them i couldn't bring myself to destroy them in a few months by pounding the pavement in them so i use these as everyday shoes and have brought some other ones as my running shoes.", "Just what I expected and wanted. Fits great, materials are legit. I always worry when ordering shoes online, but these are legit...", "My son bought this shoe as a wedding gift for his 5 year old cousin who was the ring bearer in his wedding. He loved wearing the shoes and wore them to the reception and had practically kept them on including sleeping in them for about a week. He loved his new Nike shoes and was very proud of wearing them.", "I get so many compliments on these sneakers i'm tempted to buy a second pair for when these wear out and nike don't make them anymore. The color really stands out and they look and feel great!", "I bought them for my cousin, he plays soccer. he runs every morning and loves them! it's second pair for him.", "Fantastic style but you must be careful regarding the anatomy of your feet. I don't recommend these if you have a flat/wide front foot profile or problems with ingrown toenails, corns, etc. They are very narrow in the toe area thus if you're going to buy, consider a half size larger than norm and a size wider. Save the box/invoice and definately check the cost/return policy in case they don't fit. Prciey but stylish and plenty of ventilation.", "Love these shoes! I actually have them in black too. Super comfortable and lightweight. Color is great a little hard to keep clean. Rocks can get stuck in the bottom but flexibility allows for them to be easily removed. :)", "I love it was glad I finally got it .I love the color the fit the make just super. just great", "had hesitation ordering these as l didn't think nike were wide enough for my feetwell was l wrong, l have never had anything so comfortable right from the startnormally it's weeks before l can judge a shoe/runnerwill certainly go down this track again if this model is still available.of course once again amazon were great in every aspect.thanks againaussie walker", "This hiking boot awesome! I had back surgery and I needed a boot/shoe that would provide arch support, look good and be comfortable. I can wear these all day and I feel great at the end of the day.I highly recommend this boot!", "These shoes are very comfortable. They don't run big or small as some people say. I think the size is pretty much straight. The material isn't hard making them flexible and comfortable. I'd definitely recommend these.", "These are one of the best pairs of shoes I've had.i bought these for work shoes I stand all day and these are awesome", "I think this tennis is better for a nurse who walk all the time. It is a very comfortable shoe but it too big looking in the front which you can't see in the picture. I have to return it.", "Reviewing the pair of new Nike's (women's) Free Walk sneakers I purchasedThey are not made of leather, they are made with some synthetic materialsthat look like patent leather, psuedo leather,and a nylon mesh.They run narrow or on the small side. I wear a 7 and they are snug.Because they aren't made of leather they do not stretch or give with wear,so they can't really be broken in.They are exactly what they looked like in the photo, and I like them very much,but can't wear them with thick socks. Other then that they are comfortable to walk in,and provide good cushioned support to the arches of my feet.I'd recommend getting a half size larger if your feet are wide and you like wearing sneakers or athletic shoes with thicker socks!", "Great shoes, feel like I am walking on air.  I was surprised by how well they fit and feel.  Great!", "I'm from Argentina, I ordered the nike rift with the size 36. I did not know there were many sizes 36. I get the size smaller and I can not utilize. But the product itself is very good", "I bought these shoes for walking.  They have proven to be a wise choice.  These shoes are extremely comfortable.  I was concerned about finding socks that would fit the shoes because of the toe separation.  But it's very easy to tuck any sock between my toes and slide the shoes on.  They are very comfortable, as I have said.  I highly recommend Nike Air Rifts.", "The best thing a shoe can be is comfortable, and this one is.  But more than that, it is even more attractive on the foot than it is in the picture.  Every time I wear this shoe someone asks me about it.  First they want to know if there is really a split between the great toe and the rest.  Then they want to know if they are comfortable.  Then they want to know where they can get a pair.  This shoe is light  on the foot, almost like wearing a cloud and it almost makes you want to run.  This is one shoe I don't want to do without in my closet.  I'd gladly buy another pair.  I'm thinking about purple.", "I LOVE THIS...SHOES....I USE THIS EVERY MONDAY..FOR MY GYM& ZUMBA DANCE...ACTUALLY THAT SHOES IS MY FAVORITE & VERY GOOD QUALITY...", "I found this to be the best shoe for my feet. Since my feet are stronger than most people, I really need the arch support. And this shoes has a thick band to hold my foot in place inside the shoe. The sole breaks perfectly on the ball of the foot, so it doesnt cramp my calf muscles. The slit between the big toe and the rest of my toes allows for proper toe placement giving me a much better level of balance. It expands slightly when you break but maintains a snug hold on the foot.Great shoe. Wild colors - love it!!!", "I love these shoes!!!! They're so comfortable that I almost wear them every weekend!!!! I can't leave them!!! I can walk all day long and without feeling them. I prefer to wear them with no socks that's why I find this color great!", "El dise&ntilde;o es muy lindo actual pero en cuanto al material es de tela, en lo que respecta a mi persona no me gusta que sea sea de tela sino otro material \"El t&iacute;pico de NIke\"", "love this kinds of shoes. comfortable, healthy and prepare for walking on all kinds of grounds. Love to have gotten this and with so beautiful colors. I love go walking and this has been a very good choose to go ahead wit this...Enjoyable!", "A few friends of mine were all getting running shoes with individual toes. I knew that my feet were far too sensitive to try anything so dramaticly different than I was used to wearing. Nike's Air Rift was more my style, as well as fit more into the reality of my pocketbook.  The only reason they didn't get five stars is because I had to install the insoles.", "The Air Elite shoe is absolutely great for pre-game activities.  Especially for pitchers, it is comfortable but it also allows agility on the mound without having to put on a metal cleat for bullpen sessions or PFPs.  The shoe is also good for working out and baseball exercises indoors.  Highly recommend it.", "I have had these shoes for a couple a years and they are my favorite ones since I got them... Stylish, comfortable and relaxed. Great purchase.", "I love these shoes. I have been wearing these shoes since I have recollection of time. It was a shame that I was not able to find these in the &#34;Alleys&#34; here in L.A. Loved that I got them here!!! I bought two pairs.", "These shoes are great to wear. They are great while running.I notice that the sole of the shoe will break after a short while. It's not good against water.", "Theses shoes look just as good as they do in the picture! They were gave as a gift for my boyfriend and he LOVES them!!", "I wear these kicks at the Magic games in Orlando.  Keeps me properly dressed to root for the blue and white,.", "Bought these for my sons basketball shoes!! Perfect ... Just like the pic and they came very quickly!! He loves em!! I got all the credit from him, love Amazon!!! Quick, cheaply priced n perfect!!", "Got these shoes and loved them from the second I put them on!  Great for the gym and for casual use as well.  They are bright, but such a nice quality you are OK with them being loud!Recommend them highly!", "La lona se decolor&oacute; muy r&aacute;pido. El material con que est&aacute; hecho el tenis se despint&oacute; demasiado r&aacute;pido, ahora parece un zapato viejo.", "These shows are extremely stylish. With the summer season creeping up fast, these were the exact shoes i was looking to show off during the summer. Great quality and look", "Great comfort shoe for exercise and running.  The perfect buy for customers into fitness and health.  I love the color and plan to buy this product in another color if available.", "Great for aerobic dance.  Lots of cushion in the ball of the foot; there is a complete air sole, so the air is also under the ball of the foot where we land the most in aerobics. They feel like mini trampolines.", "Good shoes my daughter really like them very stylish and comfortable shoes.  They should do more colors and larger size for women with larger feet.", "the best sneakers i have ever had, they are very comfy i must say. i would encourage all my mates to buy one of theses :-)", "Too large", "I've been buying from amazon for a long time now and never had any complain, but this time was a total desepcion!! i ordered this item for my 9 years old boy and i couldn't believe what i saw when i opened the package..it was a totally diferent item!!!! they sent me a girl runing shoes!!! totally but totally diferent thing and besides..for girl!!! i am very desapointed with this transaction and the worst think is that i can not send it back..i live in Paraguay so you can imagine how much it will cost me. anyway don't even think of buying this!!!", "I am back for another pair of these shoes for my 8 year old.  I bought two pairs last year for my 2 boys and they were great.  They held up amazingly well---so my younger son is getting hand me down pair from his brother.  But they were so comfy, easy for the boys to put on, they go with everything, even look good for church in the summer, because they are black.  Very happy with this purchase!", "Okay, so Keens these are not, but these are an awesome little every day sandal for the beach.  My 5 year old has had a new pair of these each summer and they are highly adjustable, comfy and endure serious wear.  They are not tough, hiking-style sandals like Keens (which we also purchase each year), but they are so easy for him to get on and off and allow sand to flow through so easily that I would highly recommend to anyone.  Buying his next size for our upcoming vacation right now...", "order not avalible when it was supposed to be shipped upped it one size and now are huge for my 3 year old...", "We have loved these sandals for a few years now and finally found them online. Thank goodness! Our five-year-old can put them on and tighten them himself, which he loves, and they are super easy to clean as well.. which is good because they definitely pick up any &#34;perfume&#34; that might be emitted from the dirty feet of a boy who plays hard in the sun. (In other words, they get stinky quick, so it's a good thing they stand up to being washed regularly.) Hope they have these in a lot more sizes, because we'll be buying them until his feet stick out of both ends. :)", "I buy these sandals for my grandsons every year.  They look nice, wear well, and are easy to get off when they fall asleep in the car!  They last the whole season and are even washable.  Next year I will be buying 3 pairs! (another new grandson)", "I've bought these sandals for my 1 year old son (when he just started to walk). He loves them a lot. Comfortable and fit good. Yesterday bought the second pair for this summer.", "We bought these shoes for our son age 5 yrs old. He has a wide foot. This fit him perfectly in width as well as length. They are so compfortable for him. They withstand the wear and tear that boys do on a daily basis. I normally don't pay this much for a shoe but we have gotten these in the past and they are awesome shoes to have to go anywhere in. They are sooo worth it !!!", "Great brand, my son loves the style! I bought the same sandle 2 years ago and still likes the way they fit", "This shoe was just what I expected. Love the fit and the look of the shoe. Great price for the shoe!!", "I ordered these shoes long time ago. Walked n then every day. They still look new. They are very comfortable and the price was half of the Nike stores. I am about to order some more. I totally recommend it", "My husband loves these shoes.  They are comfortable and supportive.  He says they feel like he is walking on air.  They are perfect.", "estos tenis los compre para mi hijo y qued&oacute; feliz cuando llegaron, son muy bonitos y el embalaje fue perfecto!!", "My son is happy with these Nike shoes. We have always bought Nike shoes, and these shoes arrived quickly and the price was fair.", "Love them! They are so cute, different and retro. True to size great fit any very comfy. They are completly out of the ordanary.", "I am absolutely in love with this shoes, so in love that I have them in 3 colors. It looks like Nike doesn't make them anymore....I don't know what I am going to do in the future!", "Great price and love these sneakers!! I had been looking for Nike Air Max's for forever but they are so expensive. For $65 these were totally worth it and I have gotten so many compliments. I think if anyone wants a great sneaker they need to buy these. They are attractive and very comfortable. I have gotten so many compliments and people have walked up to me in stores and told me they love them and asked where I got them. They are a must buy!!", "When I bought these shoes, I really liked them! They ran a little small, so I ordered half a size bigger, but most Nike's do run a little small. I recommend these shoes to everyone! They are stylish and I have nothing bad to say about the shoes.", "Good quality cleats for the price I paid for this product. Will recommend buying if someone is on a budget.", "I'm new to wearing baseball cleats, but the size 14 nike has been my go to size for the past 10 years.  These were no different.They are great, they really dig into the dirt with the different direction metal spikes. I'd say they are rectangular shaped, so not really a &#34;spike&#34;.That is the downfall though.  After i got them, i found out we are unable to wear metal cleats during games.  I still use them for practice", "light as air and look great in person! i love them. I will be purchasing them in Red soon. very happy", "ALL I CAN SAY ABOUT THIS SHOES ARE AMAZING!!!!!Im a freshman and i just started running track this year. I run the 100m and the 200m.For my time trial for the 100m i use to run 13 seconds but now i run  about 12 just because of this shoes.IF U WANT THAT EXTRA SPEED, EXTRA GRIP ON THE GROUND AND A BETTER TIME GET THIS SHOES!!! ITS WHAT A REAL SPRINTER NEEDS!!!", "This shoe is light comfortable and looks better in person than online. Very unique. I was totally amazed at how it fitted perfect", "I love these shoes, I wear them everywhere.  They are comfortable and durable, my first pair lasted over 4 years, so I will definitely purchase these again.", "I bought these sandals because I'm a basketball player and after a game i like to use sandals to cool my feet of after a good game, I love Jordans and I love the pink in these Jordan Hydro i went with the kids size because they don't have them in the adults size, but they're just right in size, they feel really comfortable. I love them.", "Great gift, bought them for a gift for a friend, she couldn't find them anywhere else, makes her feet look great! Comes in handyfor beach and pools", "Look great, my son is very satisfied with these slides.  They arrived quickly and were exactly what he wanted.  Would purchase again... and since he's only 11, I'm sure I will.", "Got these for summer. Very comfortable. Goes with just about everything. I love Jordan sandals, I have almost every color.", "I wanted these sandals to wear out really quick when running an errand, or on days when I only have one class. At first, you have to get used to them, but other than that, they're adorable! I have small feet and in kids I usually wear a 4.5. I ordered a 5, and they fit perfectly!", "the information stated it was a mens 6 but ended up being a youth size not mens size ok otherwise", "I own over 20 pairs of Nikes and all of them are a size 12. I even own a few pairs that are very similar to the style of these shoes, such as the Pegasus 83's (I know it's eighty-something) and Air Vengeance. Those are also size 12 and they fit just fine. These Air Ventures feel almost a full size too large. Not only do these shoes run big, they don't look as cool as the pictures and I usually love all my Nike products. Not so much with this one.", "We searched high and low for these shoes as to ensure no one else at my daughters school had them already, SUCCESS!!! Thanks for being the only one to have my daughters size in the color she chose!", "los compre para mi hermana y le encanto el dise&ntilde;o, son originales y estan de moda, muy comodos y ligeros.", "Best shoes ever. Wish they were easier to find. Worth every penny. Did Nike quit making these shoes? If yes, bad decision.", "This is a great item. Is so comfortable and light. They run a bit small so pick a size up.I just wish they were made in all black. Great product. My favorite of all my shoes.", "I love these shoes.  I run about 3-5 miles per day and also do cross-fit type workouts in these shoes.  They look sweet, they offer great support, and have held up very nicely.  The shoes are also very lightweight and super comfortable.  I will be buying more of these in the future.", "lo maximo excelent producto el vendedor perfecto gracias sin inconvenientes e e e e e e e e e e e", "I\"ve had my Shox for over 6 months now and use them at the gym only. So far so good -no tears no rips no funky smell and no sore feet or legs. Very comfortable and durable & they better be for the price i paid!!! These are probably the best Nikes i\"ve owned great for running, strength training, and even Lifecycle because of it's flat sole bridge that flexes! If you got the extra cash i would definatly purchase a pair you will not regret it and you\"ll also have the best sneakers on the block!", "Very comfortable shoes and well made. The white part gets dirty very easily though but they have held up well even after a few cycles in the washing machine.", "I have a pair of Lunar hi-tops, so took a chance on the Lunar+2's based on liking the aforementioned  pair...I'd read conflicting reviews of 'good arch support'/'no arch support'....'narrow toe box'/'ample toe box'......I overpronate and wear orthodics in my running shoes....a deep heel, wide toe box, and solid, all-around support from the shoe are essential to me....The lunar 2 + has moderate arch support and a deep heel and med/wide toe box and offers good all around foot support. My orthodics fit comfortably after removing the Nike orthodic/footbed.  These shoes on sale are worth your dime....", "This is birthday present for my friend and he really like it. This shoes is made at pretty good quality and the outlet is fashion.I didn't try it but I feel the materials is good when I touched it.", "These are hands down my favorite sneakers ever! They are so light weight and breezy. Perfect for summer and walking! The soles are very flexible and since the uppers are made of soft fabric, they don't rub my feet. I've got a lot of compliments when I'm in them. They make my feet look narrow and go with skinny jeans or leggings perfectly. The white soles are not as easily stained as other sneakers such as Converse sneakers. I love them a lot!", "These Nike sneakers are stylish and comfortable (one of the most comfortable sneakers I own).  They come in various colors and are not big and clumsy on your feet.  Love Them!!!", "These are wonderful shoes.  My husband wore one pair out after 3 years.  He doesn't really want any other shoes forcomfort and endurance.", "Great walking shoes. Was trying to find a black comfortable walking shoe, now I've found it.  Plan on ordering the other pair that are black and gray.", "Purchased these shoes right before our trip to Disney World, of course knowing that we would be doing a lot of walking.  Very comfortable shoes with good cushion.  Love Nike and love the Nike frees.  Great walking shoe!", "i like this shoe for walking and everyday use ,they are easy on my feet and give support plus flexibility", "Very comfortable, like wearing a sturdy pair of socks or something. I own over 20 pair of Nikes and these are in the top 5 for comfort.  Hope this helped someone.", "I bought these for my husband who is in his late 20's. The shoe is a great clean & classy look. I am kind of skeptical of how clean they will stay but for now they look great. They have the Nike+ feature which is nice if you use it. He has had a lot of complements on them. However, he did say that they are not the most comfortable shoe he has ever had. He did not say they were \"uncomfortable\" though. He wears them a lot so they must be okay :)", "These are some very comfortable shoes, and I really like they way that they look. I'm usually careful about purchasing shoes online (size, fit, look, etc.) and typically purchase from stores where i can try them on. These shoes are true to size (i wear a 13). If there was a downside, i guess it would be my concern at how clean i can keep them. Other than that, i love them.", "They look so damn awesome. They fit pretty well too! I got them for just what they say, &#34;walking&#34;. Very comfortable, lots of support.I wear mine with no socks, no problems.", "I got hundreds of miles and 4 years out of my first pair of these shoes. When I bought them I doubted they would last long but they are the best shoes I've ever had. Though they are long since discontinued, Amazon had a pair left in my size. I'd take yet another if they can find them. Very happy with Amazon service.", "Most comfortable trainers I have ever owned. Light, flexible, cushioned, don't cut into your foot. Get them and you wont be sorry. Fit is true to size.", "The waffle bottoms of these shoes make them feel less restrictive and more flexible than other athletic shoes I've owned in the past.  The major flaw is that every little thing gets caught in the cracks of the sole and I am constantly pulling small and medium sized pebbles out of them.  Another annoying problem is that the material used to make the uppers yellows after a while.", "THEY LOOK NICE BUT THEY BARELY HAVE CUSHION ON THE INSIDE, HURT THE TIP OF MY TOES.  I WORE THEM ONCE &THEY'RE JUST SIT'N IN MY CLOSET NOW.", "Classic design. Looks good and very comfy for walking long distances. Spacey around toes. Takes a couple of times to break in. Shoes are visually appealing but get dirty easily since they are white.", "Just exactly what I wanted a cute pair of white shoes. Will look good with all my summer outfits :)", "I love these sneakers, always have. I have been wearing them for at least 5 years now, and am so glad that they are still offered on Amazon. I buy a new pair every 6 months or so, but that has always been the case with me regardless of the shoe; I still wear a pair from 3 years ago when doing yard work and they are just as comfortable as ever. Definitely recommended.", "My shoes came on time. The package was and looked untouched when it got here. very good job from the shipper. what els can i say......there nike's", "I have a wide foot  Size E is just what I needed I have wore this shoe for many years glad they still make it", "This is exactly what I ordered.  Just a small bit of advice.  These are all leather so they do take a little wearing since they are very stiff new.  The shoe is becoming more comfortable with each wear.", "I bought these for my wife and they fit her 7 1/2 foot great.  She had a stroke 3 years ago and we found that these shoes were better for her than a woman's shoe.  We have probably bought 5 or 6 pair so far.  She loves them.", "I am very happy with this shoe and ordered a second pair, within about one month of my first purchase of this item.", "An excellent shoe for the price, not as comfortable as Pegasus, but very good for the gym or casual wear-I would recommend", "Great sneaker for the price. Good quality for the money !Good for just casual dress. Machine washable when they get dirty", "I've been wearing these for almost a couple years now and not a single problem.  The shoe laces and support are in great shape and none of the material is wearing out.", "I enjoyed. I've gone jogging wearing them. I have not felt tired on my feet. Very comfortable and good wreck", "I'm a big fan of Nike Running shoes.  Have worn them in five marathons, twenty plus half marathons and lots of 10Ks.  They are comfortable.  Durable.  Look good.I rotate two pairs and generally replace shoes once or twice a year depending on the mileage I'm putting in.", "I really like the max moto sneakers, hard to find them now, I am a heavy person, so they don't last more than 4 to 6 months and then they start to break down, but I can not get the comfort in any other shoes.", "Track could have been a breeze with this fast runner. Although the shoe was the right size, wearing it was a bit uncomfortable.", "Buenos dias un cordial saludo desde venezuela, le escribo para manifestarles que los zapatos que recibi, llegaron en perfectas condiciones, fue una excelente eleccion. Muchas Gracias.", "These shoes have great toe room.  The fun part is they have no tongues so you get a leopard tan on the top of your feet.  I have them in every color.  They are comfy and fun the wear.", "My son is a very active 11 year old. This is our second pair of these shoes. Light weight, good for cross training and easy to take on and off. Highly reccomended.", "I purchased 1 size up than my normal size.  I received these and when I tried them on it was end of day, and they were too tight.  I have shipped them back, awaiting credit.", "I just received these and they are nice golf shoes. They fit to size which is not always the case. They are also comfortable when I tried them on. Should be great after break in.", "Shoes are very comfortable and look great. The delivery was excellent also. I would definitely recommend the shoes to anyone looking for an affordable, stylish and comfortable shoe", "I think there should have been a warning that the shoes are what we call 'small-sizers', i.e. you have to get those with at east one size bigger than your actual size so it could fit.", "I don't usually buy shoes on-line, but I thought I'd try. These fit fine. I like 'em. And, they look good!", "These shoes are a great value with a nice fit, comfortable soft feel.  The spikes hold firmly and cleats are easy to clean off with a simple tab on the ground.", "Nike runs small but this fits great!!! Definitely worth the price. We go golfing every weekend now just remember to ask for extra spikes to be replaceable...", "Exactly as described.  Stylish and comfortable.  I would highly recommend.  I would tell you to stop procrastinating if you contemplating purchasing.", "I have been using this for the past year and these shoes feel great and look good too. i have had no issues with these and would buy them again if i had too but by the wear and tear looks like i wont have to since they are holding up great.", "Very comfortable and effective on the course.  The price was also surprisingly good given the quality of this shoe compared to others I have tried.", "Excelente compra. Llegaron r&aacute;pido, los tenis NikeSon de muy buena calidad y este modelo son elegantesCombinan muy bien con unos Chinos Kakis.", "I bought these shows for my father as a gift. First I had some doubts that would these even fit or not but was really relieved that they were of the perfect fit. They are really light in weight and have a really nice built quality.The underneath grip is strong and wont slip on wet surfaces.Overall a very good product and looking for some good years of golf ahead :)", "The shoes look great and fit well.  I did order an extra wider size since these shoes run a bit narrower than expected.  I ordered the wide size.", "Good shoes, only bad thing is the slim laces which sometimes make it difficult to tie properly.Work well during wet courses, they normally dry fast too.*** 6 months of use and the heel is starting to unglued, this is a major flaw from all nike shoes in general.*** 9 months of use and i regret buying them, the quality of the materials is very low, the synthetic leather is getting ripped into little holes around the side of the toes, i don't think they will stand for a whole year in a good condition.***  Better to pay more for a better brand and quality product! like a fj.", "These golf shoes look good, feel good, and perform great. They are very solid when addressiing the ball while swinging. No slipping at all even on a soggy course. The only problem I had was that they were a little thin by the toes. I walked 9 holes the first time I worn them on  a wet course and my feet and socks stayed dry. Overall a good shoe just be certain of getting the right size.", "My husband loves them and thanked me for finding them!!  Gold=f season is here so they will be put to good use!!", "Comfortable as tennis shoes. Hold up to rain and heat.  Would definitely purchase again. Can't believe a golf shoe is this comfortable.", "I am a very big person so when I buy new shoes or boots I keep in mind that the feet I was born with are the only pair I ever get.Big or small don't matter though.The nike golf shoes are very comfortable even after walking eighteen holes of golf,five to eight miles depending on the golf course I play at.When I went to the course the first time with these shoes I carried my old ones with me.To my surprise after 18 holes my old shoes were still in golf bag and felt like I could've kept playing.The cleat setup works very well and still comfotable when walking on hard flat surfaces.You can spend two to three hundred dollars on a pair of golf shoes if you choose to,but why spend that kind of money when buying a shoe when nike specializes in sport shoes.They are comfortable,stylish,and reasonably priced.Nike also stands behind their product 100%.", "Very nice looking, comfy, great price.  But my husband had to borrow a shoe stretcher.  Hopefully since the are leather it will help. They get narrow right where your toes get wider.  Not the best manufactured shoe - but then again it was sold at an outlet store...", "These shoes are fine for the money.  They are very light.  Some of the reviews call them \"thin\" at the toes.  I think this translates into \"narrow\" at the toes.  I have a pretty wide foot and probably would have opted for a pair of golf shoes that were wider at the toes if I had tried them on at a store - but I have put in a pair of shoe trees which seems to be stretching them out where needed.", "I bought these for my husband for Christmas. He is pleased with them. Although he did mention they should have come with a small tool to change out the spikes on the bottom. All of his previous pairs (all Nike) came with this as well as spare spikes.", "I ordered these online because I needed a wide shoe.  I tried on a pair of these at Academy, but the size was 12.  I could get my foot in, but it was really crammed.  I bought these 1 size bigger, in a wide, and it still was very tight.", "I got these in a 12W and they feel great. Nice coloring and the quality looks great. Can't wait to try them on the golf course!", "The style and color of these golf shoes was a big hit right from the opening of the box. After trying them on and walking around the living room carpet our grandson was overcome with thanks and joy.", "Good product at an affordable price.  Only complaint is it has a few too many spikes on bottom and may need to remove a couple.  Other than that, good look, good fit.", "These shoes fit well and are both comfortable and stylish.  Easy to walk 18 holes in them.  I have a wide foot and the extra wide width was perfect for me.", "They were better as seen on the web. Fix very comfy but are too wide the first time I use them. Then the shoe fits my feet.I sure recommend it.", "I picked these out for m dad for Xmas and he lives them . They're great for the low price I was worried ordering them no knowing if they'd fit without my dad trying them on . But they fi great .", "This is a great buy. The shoes are made extremely well and the cost is surprisingly affordable. I would highly recommend these shoes.", "The golf shoes are very comfortable and light, besides that, the first time I used them I made a hole in one...", "Product arrived right on schedule, and fit perfect to size, Very comfortable. I will recomend these to a friend and buy more for myself", "Please allow yourself at least one or two rounds walking for break-in period. If you ride it shouldn't be a problem. Solid shoe, little narrower fit than my 12 W footjoys but after breaking in they have great fit with solid construction.  Grip you get from these shoes have helped my game immensely, as I would slip out even with fresh spikes in my old shoes.", "These shoes are perfect golf shoes. They are really cute and I love the colors. I ordered my true size and they fit perfectly! They are extra comfortable and I have no complaints!", "These golf shoes are just perfect for warm weather.  Very lightweight.  Love the color and style.  The fit is quite comfortable.", "The Shoe is very comfortable and offers alot of cushioning and is relatively light weight.Its is also a very attractive shoe.", "Love these shoes when I recieved them through delivery. Starting to wear these shoes out already! LOL! Thanks as always!", "These are the best socks I have ever purchased in my life. They are strong in construction and soft. The price is great", "cannot go wrong with purchasing these and the seller is very reliable.they come with green and pink laces, but also an extra pair of black laces in case you want to tone them down.", "THESE SHOES WERE SO EXCEPTIONAL FOR THE PERSON THEY WERE BOUGHT FOR THAT HE SPENT EVERY DAY ADMIRING THEM BEFORE THEY WERE WORN.", "Look nice but is huge....Feel like a size 10, so be careful when you order and don't forget he run large", "Air Jordan V.5 Grown Low - my son loves them.  Fit to size.  They are nice because they can be work with jeans or khakis/cargos and he has comfortable shoes and yet looks a bit more dressy.  Pretend dress shoes :)", "Well what can I say, Nike are Nike and there made in Indonesia or wherever ! Bought them for a friend in Italy and hauled them over in my suitcase.", "Great pair of golf shoes very comfortable. I have had the best fit and wear with Nikethan other golf shoes.  The price was right on the brown shoes other colors were much more expensive.They provide a solid foundation. Glad I found this deal.", "I'm a little aggravated that the only way you know these are cleats is by the picture. (by the way the picture was viewed on a smart phone, so it was hard to see the cleat part) I looked up running shoes and these shoes were under that description and they are cleats! I sent them to another state for my nephew who needed some shoes and now he is stuck with cleats instead of running shoes for gym. Great! I can not return them because he is just now telling me they are cleats, after the 30 day return policy. (I know that's our fault and not the company's) but again they only way to know that they are cleats are by the picture. Very Disappointed!", "The best sandals I have ever worn hands down. You might want to get one size bigger than you normally wear so your heels have enough footing. You will not regret purchasing these.", "light and comfortable, perfect for just lounging around and for quick trips to the store or places wherein you're too lazy to look for a shoe!", "I travel a lot and with all the security checks I solely wear these.  They are extremely comfortable for walking around even on long distances.  I loved these so much that this order was my second set.", "Nice Mens Thongs, fit perfect and very confortable", "I love these flip flops. These are the only ones I ever had that I could wear all day, on pavement, concrete, sand or grass they feel great. Well worth the price.", "I have several size 14 flip flops but these are too small on the top of the foot and are REALLY snug putting them on.  They are so snug they cut off my circulation. If I slide them back, then my feet don't fit on the sole. I do have very large and wide feet, so this may not pertain to the average size 14 person. But, if you have the same propensity as I with large foot, then I caution you. Other than that, the sole is very cushioned and the upper straps are as well. I did return these because I cannot wear these. If the straps were &#34;taller&#34; I know I would enjoy these soft, well-padded sandals.", "It so great! I never felt so comfortable in flip flops. Usually I'm the type of person who doesn't wear flip flops but these have change my opinion", "i was looking all over to purchase these sandals when i came across them on amazon and i purchased them.", "Very, very comfortable.True to size.  I ordered them for a gift and he liked them so much I ordered some for myself in women's sizes.", "Very comfortable and well made. The foam is super soft and supports your foot as you walk. The thong can be a little rough but gets much better as you break it in.", "I ordered these sandals for my husband.The delivery was fast(I think 3 days). The fit was perfect and he loves them.Would definitely recommend them to family and friends.", "the middle toe part takes some getting used to, but i recommend this, it is like walking on puff balls.", "I usually wear 10.5 shoes so I ordered 11's, but they were quite tight.  A friend has a pair of 12's that fit perfect, so recommend purchasing on the large size.  Otherwise, one of the most comfortable pair of sandals I've ever owned.", "These flops are the best.  Totally comfortable, last a long time, and handle moisture well", "I bought these bad boys because I needed some new flippy floppies to take on vacation with the girlfriend. I've worn them for the last week and they are so comfortable its ridiculous. I'll be on the beach tomorrow and will update if I have any issues with them magically becoming uncomfortable.", "Theses sandals are very comfortable but a little snug. I find Nike brand of any product tends to run small.", "My husband wore these in Disney World for a very long amount of time.  They are sturdy and well made.  They are very light as well. WELL WORTH the money!", "Shoes look very elegant & like the color & fabric. The shoes are not comfortable in first use but it gets softer afterwards. I recommend", "Definitely worth it! Great shoes!!! But it's a little narrow so a little uncomfortable when wearing for long time. Better wear in winter not in summer.", "I really liked this model. It would have been my 3rd pair of this style. Very Comftable and i will be on a look out on this model.", "I have had them before so knew what to expect, but they are perfect!! Brand new and super comfortable to wear.", "I love these shoes ive own them for awhile now they're in good condition these shoes are worth buying although I bought these for 80 bucks dont knoe if u really wanna spend up to 120 for these I knoe I wont.", "I bought these NIke for mens  , a size 8 1/5 for womens and I usually wear a womens 9 , and they fit perfect as Nike SHOX tend to run a bit small any ways.......I have been wearing Nike SHOX for many years now , as I work long hours on my feet as an Auditor  , and they are perfect to support your back and legs all day , no pain at all with Nike SHOX they are worth the money for sure !!!!", "Great looking and very durable. Somewhat narrow fit but once one they are very comfortable and go with anything. they were a gift from my wife", "I am very happy with these shoes also bought my son a pair in Black.  Shoes are exactly as I expected.", "THIS IS MY BEST SHOES I HAVE NEEVER WORE! EVERY BODY IS TELLING ME THAT I WEAR A NICE SHOES! GIRLS, GUYS AND KIDS! IT HAS FITTED ME AS I EXPECTED...!THANKS JORDAN SHOES MAKERS..!JOE", "Is a nice shoes; shoes are very comfortable and lightweight, I like that the bottom is harder and better protecting air Burbules", "This shoe is advertised as a running shoe however, I am a walker. The shoe is a little stiff but is comfortable to walk in and I would highly recommend it  for walking.  It might be a little heavy for most runners.", "they look cool with jeans ans khaki pants. Very comfortable. Few models are available with black Nike logo Nike.Run true size.", "These shoes are great, i will always buy this brand and type of shoe here on out.  The hyperdunk series keeps my foot secure with great ankle support and they are lightweight. Not to mention the design is slick and simple.  Highly recommended to anyone looking for a great pair of basketball shoes!", "These J's are off the chain and a must for any fan of Jordan Shoes. You can rock these J's day or night and with jeans or slacks.", "The Jordan Jumpman C has a great retro look and, on first inspection, looked like they would be real comfy.However, when actually wearing them, I found them to be ill-fitting and uncomfortable. Real stiff feel and little ankle support.", "I used it for shopping today in down town Kampala. It is very nice and I like it bouncing style when working. I will consider to buy for my son in the near future.", "I bought these shoes as I needed a new pair of trainers. My previous ones were a pair of Nike Shox R4. These treated me very well and I kept them for 2 years. The shox NZ has a similar look to them and so I ordered a pair. The pair of shoes arrived but they were different to what I thought. The NZ shoe is very wide compared to the R4's I had. They are also quite a bit taller.  The size I ordered was the same as my previous shoes, however these shoes feel big and heavy and I don't really feel agile or nimble in them. They are very comfortable (as to be expected from Nike Shox range), but I miss my R4's :(", "I bought these for my boyfriend for Christmas and he LOVES them! He described them as &#34;walking/running on clouds&#34;. He couldnt have asked for a better running shoe.", "I just got these yesterday evening, and today was my first full day wearing them.  Initially, when I tried them on last night, they felt a bit tight.  There was enough room for the toes, whiich suggested that I had the correct size.  But, it felt like ti wasn't a wide enough shoe (my feet aren't extraordinarily wide or anything to require that I wouldn't be able to wear a standard width shoe).However, after wearing them for a full day, I have to say that I am very impressed.  They are very light, which makes walking in them almost as effortless as walking in no shoes at all.  They breathe well.  It's nearly 100 degrees outside today, and my feet aren't as sweaty as they would be in my dress shoes, or even my previous pair of Nike shoes.The best feature is the comfort.  I have a decent amount of walking on my commute to and from work, and the sidewalks I walk on have quite a few large cracks in them.  There are alsoa  lot of stairs, and I find myself standing quite often while riding the bus.  That said, comfort is the biggest selling point for me on a pair of shoes.  I struggle to find that in a pair of dress shoes.  However, on \"Jeans Day\" Fridays, when I wear a regular pair of shoes to work, I prefer to have a pair that is comfortable to walk in.  My last pair awsn't all that great in this department, which is what made me decide, after owning the same pair of shoes for 3.5 years, to look for a new pair.  Now, I'm not much of a runner.  The walking I do on my way to and from work is as close as I usually come to a good workout where shoe comfort matters.  This pair makes that a pleasant time of day, to say the least.  Even walking on hard surfaces feels very comfortable, as though I'm still on carpet; rather soft carpet at that.  Standing for an extended period in these shoes can get somewhat uncomfortable, but that is only when you are standing perfectly still for upwards of an hour.  While walking, my feet don't bother me, hurt, feel sore, feel tired, etc., like they do after coming home in my normal work shoes (leather slip-on dress shoes), or like they did after going to an extended trip at the grocery store or out somewhere else with my old shoes.All that said, they're comfortable, don't weigh you down while you're walking or running, and your feet won't feel like they're in a microwave all day.  Are they pricey?  A bit.  Is it worth it?  In my opinion, it is absolutely worth it.  The quality of the shoe is also good, and I suspect these shoes will last quite a long time.  From my point-of-view, anyone who says these shoes are just hype have either never tried them or didn't give them a chance to get passed that initial breaking in period that I referenced above.  It's all opinion, but I recommend trying these shoes for yourself, before writing them off.", "Ok, is a little tide.Loved it, liked it a lot. Loved it, liked it a lot.Loved it, liked it a lot.Loved it, liked it a lot.", "I ordered the size of shoes I wear in any other brand of tennis shoes. however the shoes were too small. I asked for a bigger size or money back. I sent the shoes back as instructed paying express shipping becuase the instuctions were that if the shoes did not get back by certain day they would not accept the return. A couple of weeks later i got the shoes back. they did not accept the return claiming the shoes were worn. moral of the fable don't waste your money. Never buy shoes online when you can go to an actual store and trying them on. &#34;you will not get charge for just try them on&#34;", "I bought these shoes more for the look, but they have became my favorite shoe! Not only are these shoes the most comfortable to work out in, people are constantly stopping me and asking where I got them. You can't go wrong with these shoes", "These shoes are very nice. I would say they run a bit small on the size. They hold up under use.", "Great product.Original brand with all the nike qualities.Beautiful and Confortable. Strong material, resistant however very soft item.Really impressive pair of shoes.Recomended.", "excellent service sneaker doctor is on top of it some of the best service on the net box was perfect shoes new and A plus service actully talked to someone from sneakerdoctor and they handled the order with top notice kindness great spot for shoes", "Great looking pair of Nikes that fit perfect. They don't breath as well as other running shoes I own. However, they are supportive, comfortable, flexible and look great on.  I ended up wearing them more for casual shoes than for running or working out in since they lack breathing but I wouldn't complain about them because they have turned out be one of my favorite pair of shoes.", "These shoes have been great for my mid to long distance runs. The material is very breathable and running through water or in the sun all feels the same. They are lightweight and sturdy. My only complaints are that the shoes look dirty and dingy quickly, and when I run a fast pace or sprint my toes go numb. I highly recommend this shoe for the casual mid distance street runner, who cares more about a smooth ride than flashy shoes.", "Got them quickly and are brand new. Would buy another pair. THese shoes are nice. they are clean. they are new. enough damn words now?", "I have several pairs of this sneaker & I love them! They are a nice, snug fit & they arrived sooner than expected. I highly recommend this sneaker if you are looking for a stylish pair of kicks that go with anything.", "I had a pair before and due to their comfort and price. I bought another pair after I wore the last one out.", "This is his third pair of Air Force 1's.  He loves this style and is enjoying some of the new colors.", "I love these Nikes because you can use them for extreme casual use, or to dress up a bit. Perfect for me.", "I have arthritic feet and it is hard to find shoes that both fit well and have the right mix of support and cushioning. These are great for me!", "Feels so comfortable to wear! Just the pair I need for my tired feet. Wonderfully made for jogging and walking and running.", "I love, love, love this shoe!  Its lightweight, fits my narrow foot perfectly! Some Nike shoes are way too wide in the toe box, but this one is perfect!  Also another thing, I usually wear a 7.5 but took a 7 in this one...so take that into consideration. If feels fabulous in the house and on pavement. Im not a shoe lover and normally kick them off asap, but have found myself leaving these on.I have to thank the salesclerk for suggesting this one. I wouldnt have even looked at it because of the price, but its sooooooooooo worth it!", "The shoe is excellent in terms of comfort when running except that you must be careful as it does not grip on wet floors", "I own virtually every Jordan you can find and this one stands out.  Real clean and it goes well with everything.", "Ordered the white/wolf grey-black Jordan CMFT MAX AIR 12s, very impressed with the product as it matched the description perfectly. Product arrived fast and I am completely satisfied.", "Awesome shoes! I use them to teach a dance class in and they are perfect for them.  The detail design is different than any other Nike I have seen. The only thing I wish they had was a better arch support in them.", "this is one of the best shoes i've used. the cushioning system is really good for hard landing. being a low top, made me move faster, especially weaving through traffic. and the skin, (well i just called it the skin)gives the shoes protection from scratches very durable flywire and scale-like skin. my only problem with this is, it made me so sprain-prone!!! i have never been sprained, and after using this i had 3 major sprains, a minor ones! THAT's why probably they included an ankle support for the brand new KOBE VII. but styling alone, this KOBE VI is better looking than the VII, because for me the straight line design of the VII looks like kurdoroy style, but with this KOBE 6, the scale-like skin really shows the real BLACK MAMBA!!!", "My 14 year old did all sorts of research and was dying to get these shoes. He's had them for a couple of months and still cannot stop talking about them. He loves them!!", "ITS been over six months and this canvas is pumping strong i have no regrets it washes and the fade is like a differing appearance that makes it look more unique.", "Title of item says \"Mens\" shoe but these are womens. I ordered using men 6.5 and received women's size 6. Very cute shoe but now I have to return them and there are no more in stock.", "Purple shoes are a must...no matter who you are - these throwback Nike Cortez's fit the bill to \"a T\". Not the most support in the world...but you should know that going in. Look awesome under jeans.", "Nice and comfortable shoes. The shoes are stylish and well designed, my son loves to wear them every chance he gets. I would recommend them to anyone.", "My son loves these shoes; he's on a competitive soccer team and they've been holding up just great--He is age 10.  Look good and fit well.", "I bought these shoes because I was in need of a fresh pair of white b-ball shoes.I decided to customize these shoes after visiting [...] which gives valuable insight into how to create some sweet custom kicks that can be worn the same as any other pair of shoes.Buy these shoes and check out[...]!!!!!", "I bought this sneaker on Eastbay few months ago and what i can say is,this is one of the fakest sneaker Airforce one ever produced.It is made out of plastic material not leather and the sole is fake it becomes chipped every single day. If ur after the look and not durability u can go for it.", "Excelentes zapatos !!!! full c&oacute;modos!!! buenos para jugar en canchas de futbolito de grama artificial!!! tienen bastante agarre y bonito dise&ntilde;o", "I'm usually about a 10.5 or 11, I got these in 11.  Lengthwise they were fine, but the shoe was very narrow, too narrow in fact.  This is unfortunate because this is a better looking canvas shoe than even the converse allstar.", "Wish Nike would re-introduce this run of shoes. Good support and fit, although they're not the most comfortable shoe there is, it's perfect style for canvas.", "Great sneaker  : quality construction, great looks, good support,good ventilation,just a great all round sneaker that I use only at the gym.However there's one problem I can't seem to get used to: NO tongue!!", "I bought Nike Shox about 2 years ago. They tend to be okay for walking, but for running its a whole new story. The soles tend to wear off on one side after a while. Once they a worn out, the soles make it hard to lift weights because it does not grasp on to the floor much (it has more of a sliding effect). I would recommend these shoes if you are a light exerciser.", "Much more comfortable than standard Shox which are quite firm and unforgiving. The combination Lunar sole adds additional cushioning in forefoot, without sacrificing responsiveness. Mesh upper is slipper-style thus minimizing shoe weight while cradling foot. Upper has minimal padding in tongue area making it uncomfortable to lace very tightly for anyone with nerve sensitivity or those trying hard core training exercises. Good for mild running or basic cross-training. At sale price of $55 this is an exceptional deal. OK value at $90 but overpriced at $140. DEFINITELY sized small. Consider ordering 1/2 size larger unless you like a very tight shoe.Unfortunately the waffle pattern black sole separated from the lunar sole on the forefoot of both shoes within less than 6 weeks of use. Nike's excellent return claim policy provided me with a full value replacement gift card, but still need to shop for new pair of training shoes. Would much prefer having the shoes last!", "I love these trainers.Not only are they VERY high quality and smooth, with great design and a lot of other technical stuff that make them look expensive, but they are also really comfy. I have used them at least 5 days a week since I got them, and walked long distancs without getting my feet sore or hurting. And they never really smell.", "I have worn Nike's in the past. Love them and I wanted to get a good pair of walking shoes for myself. As a birthday gift I received an Amazon gift certificate for 50.00 from my niece and I decided on getting a good pair of Nike walkers.  These shoes are great.  It feels litterally like you are walking on air.  Good construction and the company that I ordered from was timely, quick and the shoes arrived in excellent time.  I have no fault with the company.  I do however, have a problem.  The shoes I ordered were a size 7 m width.  Apparently, Nike shoes run narrow and I cannot wear them as they are too narrow for me to walk in. When I did my intial performance review of the company that I ordered them from I put in a two star rating for them.  The supplier was not the issue.  Please order with confidence with this company.  I spoke thereafter, with a company representative, John who was willing to issue me an RMA to return the shoes but alas they have been worn to work etc..as I have tried to get the shoes to break in to no avail.  I could not return them, but the company went above and beyond to offer me a discount on a pair in a wide width..that is an example customer service above and beyond.  I made the mistake when I ordered the shoes by not doing enough research on how Nike constructs their shoes..so, if you wear a medium width normally, go for the wide with when purchasing Nikes. The company Shoes On The Way is a great company.  John...thanks again and I removed the negative feedback..sorry.  This was my mistake.", "I like these shoes because they don't have a bunch of loud colors.. I prefer simple shoes and these are it.. Love them..", "These shoes are really awesome!  I did not buy them for running, but I love the simplistic look of the white and silver.  I wear them all day to work and they are really comfortable.", "I just got them and i already love them. They were just what i was looking for and they got to me fast.", "Although the shoes were marked 9 Narrow, they would not fit....too short. Had to send them back for credit. Buying shoes without being able to try them on is ALWAYS a mistake in my opinion.", "Purchased this pair of Nike for walking.  They are great for walking, but i would not wear for running.  Great fit.", "I received my order but it ended up that the cleats were to small and I had to return them. The customer service was great and returned them no problems. I think backstreet shoes should maybe say that the cleats run a bit small otherwise great seller.:)", "I love my Nike's, the shipping, and everything went great. 3 months later, still my favorite shoe ever. If you are color blind, these are the best!", "these shoes are nice but they run a lil small i ordered a size 10 and my toes are rubbing the tip of the shoe ,i would go half a size bigger.but lets see how durable they are because i bought them for skateboarding so ima tear them up!", "I love the Nike brand of shoes. They have been a standard in my wardrobe for years. I wear them frequently.", "Good solid shoe for nursing school and firm. Not toooooo comfortable, but I wasn't expecting a super squishy shoe. :)", "I wear Nike sneaker's all the time but this particular shoe run's bigger than normal. I had to give them to my daughter rather than returning them.", "Perfect size, color, and fit. Just what I'm looking for - a light weight and durable walking shoe. Thanks Nike!", "she loves them soft leather easy to clean  price not expensive comfortable to wear true to size smooth walking fits well", "this is a great shoe , comfortable , well built , sturdy, absolutely recommend this she to anyone. Perfect gift", "Thanks. I love it , good attention. I love this shoes and it arrives on time. Thanks so much. Neyda", "I was looking for a white and gray sneaker..they're hard to find these days, so I ordered these Nikes. The only positive thing for me is that they were true to size. Otherwise, they felt very cheap and frankly not very attractive on. They were cut very high on the ankle and for a cross trainer, after working out in them, I would imagine that they would start to rub. I returned them immediately.", "these cleats came very fast and I loved the fit and texture of the inside. they were definitely of the same quality as going into a store and they caost a whole lot less", "I am very satisfied with the service and product. This is my first time using AMAZON and it was the best experience ever. Made my Christmas shopping a breeze.", "Well tailored, lightweight, and features breathable mesh with a gum sole. My second pair of Jordans and he never dissappoints!", "My daughter's pair lasted 30 days before they started tearing in front of the swoosh on the nylon mesh.  Her friend has the same shoes and her's are tearing also.  We like Nike shoes but these do not last.", "I love these shoes. I was a little worried because i was ordering them online and not at the store where i could try them on and walk around in them. but, they looked super comfortable, and super cute, and everyone seemed to have no complaints. so i went for it..im so glad i did. If i had it to do over again i would get these again. this is going to sound silly, but my only complaint was that they were SO white!! i have to be very aware when i wear these shoes so i dont mess them up. i recommend these if youre trying to decide. go for it!!!", "My son tends to like the Nike brand of shoes best.  This year they were advised to start using metal cleats.  I found these on line in a size 6.5.  He is a size 6 but found these to fit fine.  He still needs to get totally used to the metal cleats but says they are good.  He has no complaints.", "I needed cleats for my son in August when our travel ball season gets underway and NOBODY HAD THEM!  I tried all the competitors stores and NOTHING.  Even though FL is a year round baseball state nobody could accomodate what we needed.  I had my son try on &#34;Nike football cleats&#34; (since that was the only thing available) to get a good size margin of what he needed.  These fit PERFECTLY and were much cheaper than anything left in the stores locally.LOVE AMAMZON PRIME!  And...with 2 day shipping I had them before our 1st tournament!Size was accurate...exactly what we needed...holding up perfectly!  My kid plays A LOT OF BASEBALL!", "shoe looks and feels great,I would recommend this cleat. especially for the price it was a steal.my son loves this cleat.", "Being a high school baseball player, I loved my cleats from last year and did not want to change. Found these and orderd them and they were exactly what I wanted.", "I purchased these cleats for my adult wooden bat baseball league. Although the cleats look nice....that is about it.Problems:Uncomfortable...I have worn them for at least 10 games total an I get blisters every time on the outside of my toes.The swoosh that you can switch the colors on....never stay in place....the move around and never match up with the the swoosh on the shoe.The tongue on my left shoe keeps sliding into my cleat...making it very uncomfortable....does not matter how tight I tie the shoe lace (yes i have the laces going through the loop in the middle of the tongue.)Just about every game i have a spike come loose and I have to re tighten them.This is just a bad cleat period. I would not recommend this to a regular ball player....there are far more effective and comfortable cleats out there.", "I order it two months ago as a present for Hannukah, my husband just loved it, he told me they are comfortable and fashionable, you can change the color of the nike logo many times as you wish.The price is good and they have great qualityViolet Medinillah", "I bought these at the local store looking for a low top B-Ball shoe with zoom air cushion and they have not disappointed...the only reason I did not give it a five star is I am not real heavy but feel like a little more cushion in the toe box would be ideal...but overall pretty good shoe.", "Everything alright with my purchase.  Responsible seller.  The Nike Cortez is a classic, what else could I say?  And this colorway is just perfect for me.", "I always use Nike Shox for my sports activities because they are so comfortable.This pair I purchased for my long trips, the color is perfect to go with jeansand I can walk aiports back and foth.  Besides, they are more narrow and elongatedthan regular tennis shoes, they look nice.", "One sentence is enough to describe everything about these Nike track and field shoes:I love absolutely everything about these Nike cleats!", "I'm currently deployed in Iraq and I needed sandels to lounge in and of course regular flip flips just wernt going to do while I'm out here so I bought these sandels and they are comfortable! Well worth the money.", "Does exactly what it says on the can.  Exercise 5 times a week so constantly washing, they're durable, long lasting and would recommend to anyone who seriously exercises and to all those that don't.", "I am by no means a hardcore athlete or endurance trainer, but for the bit of exercise I do and just dealing with my obscenely sweaty feet, these socks do the trick!", "I wore these shoes while playing football and loved them! Great for gripping the turf, and nice for turns and curves!", "Perfect for running or hiking. Looks are awesome too. The sole is sturdy and I haven't noticed any wear even after a year of regular use.", "I play keeper, and my shoes get torn up quickly from all the sliding I do on the carpet where I play indoor. These shoes have lasted significantly longer any other I've tried.", "If you are big foot like me, don't pass out this shoes.No where Nike brand shoes on 29.95 bucks.I use for soccer(not football), running, gym practice, etc.notice! This shoes was samll fit half size than normal shoes size.go get this lucky for your health!", "You can't go wrong with Nike so it's all about the look...and my daughter loves the colorful look of these.", "Despite my valiant attempts to get the Black/Volt color with a Groupon that I bought, I had to settle for the Black/Purple Air Max 2011s, which have purple shading under the flywire material, the sole itself and the air pockets. Nevertheless, the 2011 design is freaking sweet -- which is what attracted me to these shoes in the first place.I'm a somewhat active runner who runs on treadmills or ellipticals about twice a week and an outdoor street run once a week. My old Air Maxs were from 2004 and were falling apart at the seams, so I decided to give in and get a new pair of top-of-the-line running shoes, since I only get a pair every few years. At first I was going to go with the Asics Gel Kayanos, which get top ratings on running sites, but like I said before, the design on the Air Max 2011s were just too awesome to pass up.Fit: HALF SIZE UP! These are a very snug fit, even at a half size bigger than normal. It's not uncomfortably snug, but more of a supportive snug. Me likey. The shoe doesn't slip off at the heel at all, which is something that not only bugs me, but causes blistering at the heel. It's snug, supportive comfort even when I do sprints.Cushioning: w.0.0.t! Even when I'm walking my dog, I definitely feel a nice soft cushion that absorbs impact. I ran concrete roads and up the Santa Monica stairs with these, and I LOVED the spongy feel of the shoes on the hard terrain. The padding is literally from heel to toe and you feel it no matter where you distribute your weight with your gait. The FitSole liner seems to be adjusting to my footprint as well, but the shoes are too new so far to provide an exact description.Ventilation: Noice! The mesh-material is flywire, and when you hold the shoes up to the light, light filters through the material. The shoe provides good ventilation during a run and still feels sturdy. Another cool thing is that they don't seem to crease easily and dig into your feet from the top.Weight: Light. Really light!Conclusion: Happy customer here! Loving my purchase, even though the shoe is pretty damn pricey. The shoes are light, supportive, well-ventilated and quite possibly the sweetest-looking running shoes I've seen in a while. I even feel more awesomer just walking around in them -- they probably even add maybe a quarter-inch in height because of the huge air pockets. Pretty awesome bonus = )", "Do not buy this shoe unless you want to get injured. I have been a runner for about 10 years now and have been through all sorts of shoes. I thought I'd give this shoe a try and immediately the next running I strained my right leg. I was barely even jogging.Chalking it up to bad luck, I stopped for a week and rest. When I got into a softball game the following week, I was running to catch a pop fly and POP, a huge pop was felt in hamstring. I am so happy it turned out to be a strain rather than a rupture.I have felt nothing but pain and torture running in these shoes and I will never return to a Nike product again. Especially charging such a high price for such a bad shoe knowing they are paying sweatshop kids .25 cents an hour to make them? Boo.Buy at your own risk.", "When the shoes came they seemed very light and I was concerend about durability with my son wearing them six days a week for practices or matches from October to late-February.  They held up great and my son really liked wearing them. We will probably buy another pair when they go on sale again.", "I'm always buying the Nike VXT and / or the Air Monarch because they are the only shoe that has sufficient arch support for me in a style i like. both are very well padded around the ankle and the base of the foot. they are a like wearing fluffy clouds on your feet compared to a lot of other shoes that feel thin and flimsy. I love the fit and feel of the VXT especially.this last pair(the ones you are looking at) do not have the same arch support as the previous model which had a silver swoosh on the side. There were really only 2 pairs of shoes that fit me right, out of the box, and now there is only 1. If i wear shoes lacking in arch support I get crippling pain in the knees and ankles. If I am going to have to start buying shoes+ additional arch supports I'm going to drop nike start geting the $50 American made New Balance shoes and you can keep your flat footed crap for the masses.if you are like me, and buy these for the arch support, you need to jump over to the monarch, because it no longer exists in the VXT series.", "i got this for my husband, it came very prompt and the same condition described as they were selling it. very sturdy and reliable", "Very nice, confortable shoes, good price. Liked the color,feel good for walking or running, arrived on time. I will buy again from you.", "i bought this for casual use not for running. i have to say this one is THE most comfortable footwear i ever head! :Dthough i had problems with choosing color. on the photo it looks a bit darker (i mean the gray color)P.S.by the way this model is one of Dr. Houses favorites :)))", "Didn't clearly list man or woman shoe, thought I was ordering a woman's shoe, so when a man's shoe came, sizing was incorrect and had to return. No where on receipt/bill or listing could I easily see it. My fault, for assuming it was  a woman's shoe.", "Very satisfied with purchase! Great service, speed, && quality product! Shoes look && feel great. Looking forward to future purchases!", "These shoes run SMALL!  They run at least a full size small. I thought they shipped me a womens size.Other than that the shoes are fine. Just be aware of the size.  I rate low because seriously, follow a sizing standard.They did ship out really fast, brand new and packaged right.  No problems with seller or quality, just that these ran really small and required more effort because of it.", "Arrived on time, brand new shoes, box and all.  My son loves his new shoes.  My experience was very positive.", "I like this kind of shoes. They came on time when I needed them. I recommend this kind for anyone.", "I got these shoes for my daily use/running. they fit perfectly and are very good for running. I've been running regularly using these and I feel they are very comfortable.", "it is really good. I mean, it has good quality, and nice color. I wear it when I work out in the Recreation center. I feels really comfortable when I use it.", "todo bien solo un detalle la talla creo que viene un poco solo un poco mas peque&ntilde;a que lo normal soy 9.5 primera vez que me quedan apretados unos de esta talla recomendado solamente este detalle", "I don't received the productWrite me he was waiting for the transitIt's written more than a 3 weekI want my money back", "Bought These Shoes For Work and They are Real Comfortable and Can Wear them All the Time! They Look Nice and Would Recommend them To Anyone Wanting to Buy Them.", "This were a Christmas gift for my granddaughter,  she is a bit of a tomboy.  She has worn them every day since Christmas and seems to like them very much.  She said they are comfortable and that she likes the colors", "We ordered these sneakers for my husband for the gym, and they are great.  They arrived quickly, and in perfect condition.  They are true to size, and the neon green adds some flash to the sneaker.  They fit great, and are extremely comfortable to work out in.  There is some extra cushioning on the base, which is great when running outside or on the treadmill.  The price was great- comparable to what I pay at the Nike outlet.  They are a great purchase.", "Shoes aren't a very complicated purchase for me.  As a runner, I go through a lot of running shoes.  I tend to order Nike because I know the size and it's easiest.  They look good and I still haven't re-injured myself yet.  Reasonably priced Nike shoes, what more can you ask?", "I bought this in size 10 since they dont make these in size 9 1/2 W. they were a bit tight still but they adjested to my feet after awhile and are now very comfortable. I wouldnt mind buying another pair.", "This is a very nice shoe. Looks great fits perfect its not too small and is just wide enough especially in size 15.", "My son loves these shoes and still has them in good shape after a year of wearing them.  They are smart looking and stay clean a lot longer than white sneakers.", "This Nike Dart men's running shoe is one of the best fitting shoe I have ever purchased.  It gives me great support and comfort while doing my daily exercise", "I like cheap and the best products from you. I am looking forward to seeing you soonThanks a lot.", "I only use these shoes in the gym but they seem fine.  The sol of the shoe is very hard when I first put them on but after a few minutes I don&#8217;t mind it.  I don&#8217;t think they would work if you had to stand all day in them.  But for the gym or running they are nice.", "This is the first time I have ever ordered from the internetCyber Monday looked interesting , Ordered the nike shoeson Monday and they were delivered to me on Wed. I amtotally impressed with AMAZON Shoes were for mygrandson. He was on cloud nine. Just what he wanted.Fit perfect. And I am so happy with the good price.", "These shoes are amazing!! The most i have spent on running shoes but they are worth it!!!! I say everyone get this shoe they are very comfortable and light!", "I wear a size 14 and they fit just right length-wise, but seemed to run just a tad wide. However, that just fine. Would rather have that issue than a shoe that ran too narrow. Have no complaints and shoes were complimented. However, like most Nike items, they are more aimed at being fashionable. A serious runner would probably want something with a tad more support. Otherwise, great product!", "I was going to give one star, but I really dislike it when people do that.  In this case, I received the shoes and found them to be simply uncomfortable and cheaply made.  The looked cool, but there was no arch support and you could actually see a bit of the glue leaking out where it had been applied between the top pieces of fabric.  I went and bought a pair of Adidas locally for about the same price and am happy with the comfort.", "iT'S too hard.....for one who is looking for less resistance it's a good option. For me who has knee problems I do not recomend.", "This shoes are very confortable and fits perfectly. I use this shoes almost everyday and they just feel so good... Nike never disappoint me.", "Finally a pair of shoes that have stood up to my 9 year old. HAVE LASTED LONGER THAN ANY OTHER SHOE.", "The shoes are great. They are so good on the jeans, when my colleague saw them he asked me if I can order for him to. And I did.", "Shoe has performed beyond expectations. They are light, so I work and run in these shoes. No problems! Highly recommended!", "excellent product and was just what I needed. easy to find this product, however the shoe was not the size I needed. this has no reflection on the company of this product", "I purchased these for my son.  He just turned 11 and his a size 7.5 in men sneakers.  I thought they might be too big but they fit perfectly.  Thank you for the fast delivery.", "Thank you for this. My Father liked it very much, considering the colors, model, everything, really good I appreciate it", "The moment the shoe arrive I just fit my foot into it real quick and all I say is WOW!!!!.........This is one of the most fitted shoe I have ever purchase in this country. I am even thinking right now to order another one with different color for regular day to day about. It is a shoe to test. I recommend this running shoe....", "I really love this shoe if fit perfect and feels great on the feet, the price was great and shipping was fast.", "They are somewhat tight on the feet but overall they are good running shoes. You basically get what you paid for in this case.", "I can run, walk or whatever i want and these shoes don't hurt me. I love the materials and the color!!.", "picture is nice but the actual product is ugly and not comfy.  cheap cushion.  made for few wears then it just tears and just waste of money.", "My feet hurt after walking 30 mins or so but with the Nike DART 9 I can walk for hours with little pain. I would reccommend to anyone", "I am a US Marine and the entire time I have been in the service I have used these shoes (with the exception of basic training).  This is my 4th pair of the shoes.  I replace them about every 6 months, but I also use them more than most people", "This has been the only Nike running shoe my son has worn...the Nike Dart 10 has no heel support whatsoever....I wish we could order more f the Dart 9's but they don't make them anymore", "MY bf is a computer geek but I'm sure that now that he has these shoes for exercising, he'll...JUST DO IT.", "I have owned Nike shoes for a long time, and have always loved the support and comfort that they have afforded me. When I received these, I was excited, loving the color combination and the look. However, the shoes are a terrible fit, extremely narrow and would take an extreme amount of time to break in. Last time I will be purchasing shoes online, take note of the warnings.", "shoes came on time and were a good price. they look nice and fit well. there are no problems and i recommend to anyone wanting good running shoes.", "Son lo que esperaba, excelente material,no pesan nada son muy suaves y el color es muy llamativo... seguire comprando en esta pagina", "I simply needed some nice comfortable running shoes.I've only gone on a few runs with these, but so far I haven't had any problems.These shoes are durable, good looking, and comfortable.Strongly recommend them!5 stars here!", "muy buen produco, desde Venezuela, Gracias por enviarnos tan excelente zapato y de muy buena marca. llego en perfectas condiciones.", "this pair of shoes hurts the knees, just like a lot of nike shoes these days. The heel is too big.", "Comprar ropas nike son una maravilla, es elegancias para los ni&ntilde;os, ni&ntilde;as, mujeres y hombre  de esta epoca. es exclusivo para cualquier temporada del a&ntilde;o.", "My son lik it and I'm happy with that. I'll order again when I see another pair in the future", "Shoe was exactly what I was looking for. Would recommend this shoe to anyone.Very pleased with both the shoe and ther retailer.", "This shoe fits me perfectly.  In brands other than Nike I often have to use a modified orthotic but not in this shoe.  Pefect fit and feel with just the right support.", "The perfect choice for a runner.The shoes are very confortable, strong , and so smooth to use.I Love the colors and the design of the product.", "great, comfortable shoes, good color combo and lots of admires.  Have been purchasing NIKE for a couple of years now and will stick with NIKE for now on.", "Something tight but excellent product, the shoe fits a little tight but not crush the feet. There are very good.", "Considering the price, I really think they are really good!! Of course there are better shoes for running or the gym but they are way more expensive", "I use these Nike Dart sneakers to play Racquette ball, walk the treadmill and just as an everyday wear shoe.I would recommend these sneaks to anyone....Just go out and &#34;DO IT&#34;...get a pair. You won't be disappointed.Besides~~~~ their just sooo pretty!", "they are everything I wanted in shoes for running. I will buy more if these wear out. The came when they said they would", "I wear mostly size 11 shoes so going up a 1/2 size worked perfect so you might want to do the same.  I'm not a runner by any means but I walk my dogs 1-2 miles per day and these are very comfortable and I think they look nice enough to casually wear with jeans, shorts, etc.  I'd recommend these and would like to buy another pair.", "Nice sneakers for the money, lightweight and true to size. Received these in new condition, going to use in the gym.", "for the price, this is a fine product for avg. use as a cross training shoe.  it fits well and is true to size, gives good support, is light and holds up to avg. use.  i recommend it as an entry level or mid-level cross trainer.", "Seller: ShoezooThe shipment arrived on time, I just bought it but i will update this review after some jogging.The shoe feels just like other Nike shoe. Same size. Great color contrast.About the insole, This is the first time i received a Nike shoe with this kind of insole, poor quality. looks like some insole you will find in chinatown. It is a must to change it for other with better quality.", "Nice cheap shoe that actually looks nice.  Fit good, totally worth the price.  Would recommend for anyone looking for a cheap pair of tennis shoes.", "Really nice pair of shoes.  These are really light!!! The price was really hard to beat also.  I'm happy I bought these!", "The show is comfortable and it fits good.  I like the way it feel when I walk.  I like the color.", "I thought these shoe would have fit differently. I didn't care for them but my son did nt a total loss.", "Had to get a ton of supplies together for a big trip. Ended up buying a lot of them online which I usually avoid because any joe off the street could sell you a broken product for retail price. Surprisingly I had to buy shoes online for the next day, and even more surprising I got exactly what I ordered brand new the next day. Will defiantly order again,", "these sneaker suck. dont buy. very uncofortable. they dug into my foot and caused the skin burn. i would of sent them back but i already got rid of the box.", "I love the design and product was great only thing is it was little too tight  and bothers my husband when he runs", "The are the super slippery! The sole is made form hard plastic like stuff, it slips and slides on everything! Terrible!Practically no padding, if you where to run with these shoes you would bust your feet and knees in lest then 5 minutes!The worst Nikes I've ever purchased and I love Nikes. Not sure if theses are fakes or something but they don't feel or perform anything like all the other Nikes I have at the same price level. Considering returning them.You've been warned.", "I had Nike running shoes for years till it was falling apart at the bottom but I still couldn't throw them out because they were so comfortable and light.", "Shoes were just as expected with no surprises.  Fit well and are very comfortable from the start.  Good cushioning.  I think they are good looking and go well with jeans or shorts.", "Great athletic shoe at a great price. Love the colors. Prompt shipping. Size seems to run a tad small...had to send back my first pair and order a size larger.  Wish it also came in a wide width. I use the shoes for walking. They are very light and very comfortable.", "Shoe was exactly what I was looking for.  Would recommend this shoe to anyone.Very pleased with both the shoe and ther retailer.", "These seem to be fake nike shoes...not sure what exactly to make of these.  Contemplating a return on these. anyways", "Its an eccellent brand, it fits me perfect, and its very confortable to walk with, and so will buy again", "The shoe seems well made, the width is a little snug but thats not the problem I have with them.I bought them to walk in only and around the house.My size has always been 10.5 so thats what I bought.Unfortunately it rubs the tip of the big toe.That is the first time I have bought a 10.5 that rubs.I am going to buy the same shoe in size 11.", "The sole softens any impact you may suffer while running, jumping, or just walking. Perfectly recomended for anyone who wants to train Boxing.", "This shoe is very light and comfortable.  Great fit  with a perfect arch, (not too high)  Really nice looking too. First nike i have liked in a while. Great price too", "this nike is beautiful only taht in the picture is a few diferent like real, but in fcat this shoe is nice, is confortable and very good for me", "I have this for like two weeks now and they are great. Lightweight and cool. My socks are no longer wet after an hour of jogging and running from my old Nike speed shoes.", "These lack comfort and feel cheap, which they are. As a shoe worn strictly to compliment your outfit they are fine. If you want comfortable Nikes u have to spend about $100", "Needed running shoes on a budget, bought these and have been really happy. I'm sure there are better shoes but for my needs (24-30 miles a week) they are perfect.", "Very nice comfortable sneakers at a good price.  I wish I would have went with a wider pair, but they didn't have my size I wanted in many colors", "I liked them, but my mother loved them and talked me into giving her my shoes. They were her birthday present from me.", "I ordered these shoe's for my roommate for Christmas & he loves them.  He says they helped his arches, which are flat, & they helped his low back.  He stands, sits, & walks a lot at work, in electronics.  These Nike's look even better in person than in the pictures.", "Fit perfectly, which I expect from Nike.  Excellent arch support, I can run for an hour and my feet don't hurt after my workout.  Good brand, excellent quality.", "These shoes fit so well, I walked around Disneyland two days and never had an issue. Very very comfortable shoes.", "shoes are nice and comfortable. it's got good cushioning and support. the only problem is that they were too tight. my feet are size 10s and naturally that's what i ordered but the size 10s for dart 9 felt really tight up front, especially for the big toe. i tried to break them in but to no avail. after a couple of days my feet actually hurt pretty badly. so i did some internet research and found out that it's best to order half a size larger than what size your feet are for running shoes and it seems to be true. i ordered a pair of adidas running shoes, half a size larger, and they seem to fit perfectly. these shoes are great otherwise.", "i like dis shoes.i want trai diferents shoesis good for runing for going on the mountain and for my work", "Perfectly good running shoes. Compared to other shoes they are supportive (for ppl with flat feet). I use them for work where I stand for about 6-7 hours at the time and they feel great.", "A colleague asked me to help him with the purchase to give to her husband's shoes. she is happy because it met all expectations.", "Me gustaron bastante los zapatos. Muchas gracias por la atenci&oacute;n y el servicio!! Estoy bastante complacido por la compra. No tengo ninguna queja con respecto al env&iacute;o. Pens&eacute; que estaba tardando mucho pero ya los tengo en mis manos y ya veo que no tardaron tanto como me hab&iacute;an dicho. Nuevamente gracias.", "excelente el modelo tal cual se visualiza en la foto y muy comodos! me encantaron totalmente conforme con la compra.", "Very comfortable! Classic look, we bought these for my nephew and he loved them. These shoes can go with anything, and they are made well.", "Great running shoe! My husband even does trail running in them. Very comfortable. Supports high arches. No complaints. Would recommend to friends", "I bought these for my husband for christmas.  He loves them said they are very comfortable.  He is 6'5 and we can't always find his size.  Thank you", "Gud job done.item arrived on time not as expected .I jux went out only to find my package outide. But what if I lost it", "I didn't realize it when I hit the buy button that this item was being shipped from the UK. If I knew that I would have never bought them", "I really love these shoes because I love this brand, color and style.  It is really great for running and walking outside.  It really feels comfortable.  I was thinking get these type of sneakers at Payless Shoe Source, but then I saw these shoes on Amazon.com and decided it was a better deal.  If you need any shoes for running and walking, these are the shoes you need.  I would recommend these shoes to anyone who needs it. I really needed these sneakers because I didn't have any for exercising.", "Let me start by saying the other reviews on here are extremely misleading - they are what got me to buy this product, and I knew immediately after using them it was a mistake.I have been using Nike footwear for all of my athletic activities for over 20 years. I currently run between a mile and three miles on a daily basis in warm up for other athletic activities, specifically boxing. That is considered very low wear for anyone who knows anything about running, and I have had my feet looked at before by running stores and been told that I have virtually no problems (my arc is a bit high).Therefore, I decided I could probably get away with a cheaper pair of running shoes and the other reviews made me feel comfortable with these.First off, these are slightly oversized for Nike. I always wear an 11 and this set was a little big on me. However the much greater concern is the complete lack of support on the interior of the shoe. I made it about a mile before the intense pain forced me to stop.This shoe might work for you if you have a very flat foot, but frankly I don't think its worth it. For $25 more you can go to a store and get a fitted pair of great running shoes and know you won't have any problems.Learn from my mistake - pick something else.", "i have no complains about it. im really happy with the product. the delivery was on time, the product quality is great. the package was the right size.i recomend 100% this product.", "This is a second purchase and seems well made as an earlier pair. Doesn't seem much larger than the original size 7 that was purchased previously.", "These shoes are confortable and gave a five star for its look and and how it fits.I would recommend these shoes to a friend.", "My son was very happy receiving these shoes for Christmas.  They fit great and were exactly what he had asked for.", "very comfortable and light, beautiful colors and fitts incredidble for your leg and ankle.waiting to do a maraton in them.", "I have been looking for some running shoes for quite a while now, i seen these on amazon i love em!!!!! And when i recieved them i loved them even more. Thank you Amazon!!!!!!!!", "They are pretty sharp looking, never had all black shoes but they are comfortable and fit great. Nice value for the price.", "If you do not have a narrow foot, this shoe is pretty uncomfortable.  I returned the shoes I bought and got the wide version, not something that I usually have to do.  Way better!  The sides of the shoe on the outside part of your foot have some weird padding that can rub against your foot a bit.", "i bought these for my son who is flat footed, they are comfortable and he loved them. they came in a timely manner and it was true to what was discribed.", "I bought these to wear to work at my factory job, which involves walking on concrete floors for 12 hrs a night, 4-6 nights a week.Right out of the box they fit well and you can feel the springiness in the sole when you walk on a solid surface.After 2 months they are still comfortable and have &#34;molded&#34; to fit my feet better which makes them even more comfortable. Size is right on and they dry very quickly when wet.", "I received the running shoes as promised and notice how light they were, its a great shoe so far only difference is i wear a size 13 and its a little snug but as my running continues i,m sure they will stretch out a little and will be fine thanks.", "Arrived on time, exactly as described. Already tried them on for walking and running and I am very satisfied with them.", "I got these shoe couple days before a run and did not break them in and ran a better time then last years run and my knees did not act up.  I would recommend to some", "My son loves these so much that this is his SECOND pair, identical to the first ones!! Great shoe. Lasted a 12 yr old a year & that's good for him!!!", "You can never go wrong with Nikes! I initially bought these to wear to the gym, but after the first time wearing them, they are incredibly comfortable. So, I started to wear them for my job as well where I am on my feet for several hours at a time. They not only fit perfectly and comfortable, but they look great too! I absolutely love them and will definitely be looking to purchase another pair or another pair like this soon. Also, i am a female who prefer men shoes because in my opinion, men tennis shoes are more stylish than women shoes.", "Amazon was great in helping put together a great package for my grandson, who in 6th grade is very specific with what is on his feet... He loves these Nike's the color combination got me Grandma Kudo's", "this sneaker has proven to be a winner in our family, it provides good comfort and cushioning and is stylish. price is excellent.", "Good shoes for the price . Fits perfect and it's great for running and walking . I can't complain .", "I purchased these sneakers a few weeks ago. They are lightweight, well ventilated, and very comfortable.They are worth the money and highly recommend.", "I'm still running them, and they are stylish enough to put on with regular clothes. They are very good shoes.", "He really likes them. The look is great as well as the comfort. We would by this product again!! Great Buy for the price!!", "Really love Nike all of the products! The shoes are very comfortable and the dark color looks cleaner and look great too!", "My husband loves and enjoys wearing the Nike Dart 9 Men's Running tennis shoes.  He said that they are comfortable and lightweight.", "fit good and looks nice will order again some time soon. will recommend to people as it is very nice", "These shoes look sharp! I hate to buy clothing and shoes online but these are a wonderful find. My son just loves them.", ".......Very nice looking shoes.... in fact same color as my nike+ watch.If you are a serious runner, this is not your choice.  I tried this new pair in the pavement, and are way tooo hard for the feet.All the impact goes to your knee.  After 10Km you can start feeling pain in your knees.This is my second time buying running shoes from amazon.  Definetly amazon is not the best choice, you better go to a mall or outlet and try the sneaker before to buy.My wife is right in this (with i hates), she says... is for your feet.... you have to try it, and not to save money.This sneakers dont have the socket for the nike+ipod sensor (i use duck tape to fix it to the sneaker)Regards,William Ojeda", "excellent shoes, happy my purchase. Carries out other purchase insurance. My nike are comfortableand just the model and color I wanted.", "It's my first time to buy a Nike shoesIt delivered on timeThough a little narrow in the middle, it does no bad for wear.The heel feels very soft when walking with them. I like the quality", "Super comfortable, good design, I get time, I loved it. I recommend it. Good combination of colors.it it it i", "I purchased these shoes for use in senior league play (55 yrs old). The support of the mid style is very helpful with weak ankles and the lightweight also is great. They shine like a new dime on the field and I'm happy. But, the price is what got me to buy in the first place - 29.95!! Thanks for the deal, Amazon.", "I bought my first pair at a local store for $150 plus tax.  Now almost 1 year later I found them here online and paid just under $100 no shipping and no tax.  Great support, great design, and best of all great colors.  I like the design and colors better than the vomero+ 7 model, so I bought 3 pairs!", "This is the softest and best supporting shoes I own for long distance walking.  With heavy walking, they wear out in less than 1 year, but that's okay.  I would buy another...this is my 2nd pair in 1.5 years!", "Just ordered my third pair of the 6's.  That should say a lot.  I train in all facets: running, stairs, gym, etc.  The only minor complaint I have had is that they wear out a little fast.  The 4 and 5's lasted longer.", "I wear these shoes for 8 hours a day at work, walking all the time.  The cushioning is great for my 190 lbs, the air flow keeps my feet cool, and the soles give good traction and support.  I bought 2 pair of these shoes so that I can give them a chance to air out and last longer.", "Please be careful when buying this shoe.I used the livestrong version of these shoes during a 4 month period of training between January and April 2012 where I covered over over 300kms, which I tracked with Nikes own sensor gadget.  The shoes are comfortable, but I have serious doubts about the \"blown rubber\" used in the sole and the stated design for neutral runners. On the right side I had excessive wearing of the midfoot to heel region, to the extent that the inner of the shoe poked through. This was repeated, but to a lesser extent on the left side. I run exclusively on roads and rough surfaces and found this type of rubber not sufficiently durable for those of us that cover a 80km+ a month.I sent these back to Nike, and after two \"assessments\" I was told that this pattern of wear was due to an \"external force\" being applied - which is amusing if not insulting, considering I have Nike's own sensor data to prove how much I ran in these shoes.In addition, the sensor socket seemed to repeatedly under value the actual distance I ran. I only found this out by using the same sensor in another pair of shoes without sensor socket and by measuring out my running distance with gps. In the Vomero 6 at least I would sometimes get a discrepancy of 2km per run - which I suspect is due to its thick sole.I have since moved on to a pair of New Balance minimus, which are much more suited to my running style, and show markedly less wear on the heels, despite my covering the same distances as with the Vomero 6.I'm still trying top get an answer from Nike on what \"external force\" means.I'm giving this product 2 stars instead of one - because they were comfortable to run in while they lasted, and the construction of the upper was satisfactory. Otherwise its a very high price to pay for something that isn't as durable as it looks - at least in the sole department.", "For my weigh (155 lbs.)t, Zoom Vomeros are the most comfortable running shoe that I have found.I buy a pair every year, prior to when I run my yearly marathon, to break them in in time for the marathon.Then I use them for normal running for the summer and fall.", "I first bought these shoes about a year ago. They were by far the most cushioned shoe that I was able to find. When I bought them a year ago I payed 130 dollars at Academy.I just recently bought my second pair here for only 100 dollars.The only con I can think of is after about a year of heavy use, they get stretched out and won't stay tight on your foot unless you tie them really hard and do a double knot.", "I likey. So comfortable. Please Mr. Nike don't stop making them. Can't find Vomeros in stores. By far the most comfortable shoe I have ever worn.", "This is the softest shoe Nike makes and it is insanely comfortable. This shoe was made for $5 in some third world country by some local sweat shop workers pulling in 10 cents a day. It was then shipped to the states where it is marked up to an astronomical amount so that the profits made can fund the Oregon Ducks 300 or so different jersey combinations for their sports teams. But forget about all that because this is about comfort and that is what you get. Nothing beats running on these little Indonesian clouds. Enjoy!", "excellent shoeexcellent cushioningamong the best shoes I have ever wornneed I say more ? need I say", "These shoes work great for my running style. I would say i fall into a light runner going 2-3 miles with a frequency of 4 days a week. I have a severe underpronation which has led to a fairly constant battle with my IT bands. I have put about 20 miles on them since they arrived.The fit was on the dot for my normal shoe size, they hug the contours of my feet and are very comfortable when laced and tied. The heels are cushioned and pretty springy, they maintain their comfort through the entire run. The rest of the sole is largely uncushioned but has good support. The weight of the shoe is to the point of being noticeable, but not over bearing.Overall im happy with the shoes, as long as they are durable enough to last me a while, I will continue to buy this line of shoes.", "I use it mostly on paved roads and there is plenty of cushion and has held up well.  The shoe is fairly light.", "Very nicely made.  and comfortable.  really dont have twelve more words to say about it, you know ..... its a shoe", "I bought these to replace my old Nike Vomeros (5?). The last fits my feet perfectly and they provide the cushion that my 57 year old bones need.", "The Men's NIKE ZOOM VOMERO RUNNING SHOES are very comfortable running shoe. I have and will recommend to all I know.", "The nike shoe are great i bought six pairs . They are comfortable shoe , but the inner part where your arch is , is where the shoe hurt . I guess the plastic part of the shoe is digging into the side of the foot . That the bad part . I still like them . Thanks , Paula", "I run about 12 miles a week and have ankle/knee issues.  Slight pronator.  This is my fourth Vomero+ and I just love them.  Appropriate cushioning, light enough and holds ankles in place. Like most Nike's it has a fairly large box so wear fluffy running sox. Size runs true--I usually wear 8 shoes and 81/2 running shoes.  These are no exception.  For those interested, Nike makes this model in narrow and wide too.  I read less glowing reviews on Vomero 7 so hurried to get another 6.  Glad I did.  Price was right, and slightly less than Nike end of product discount.  Free FAST shipping a plus.", "Really like the comfort aspects of this shoe & the support is generally good for either walking or running.  Cute shoe--not too flashy.", "I wear these for kickboxing, gym fitness class, in which we run/jog around the gym. They are fine for that, but sole is a little slippery for the static exercises.", "I ORDERED THESE FOR MY DAUGHTER IN ENGLAND.  SHE LOVES THEM AND THEY CERTAINLY ENHANCE HER RUNNING.  SHE WAS DELIGHTED TO RECEIVE THESE RUNNING SNEAKERS.  THEY ALSO CAME JUST IN TIME TO BRING THEM TO ENGLAND.", "The shoes are poorly made,they look nice but they don't have enough support.hard to believe nike would make something like this.", "A lot of sneakers nowadays only have about a year or so worth of mileage before they get holes on the back heel and basically have to be replaced. I had a pair of Jordans that lasted maybe 7 months before there was a hole where water from the rain could get in. These sneakers on the other hand are just now starting to wear down in the back and it's barely worn down. I can still see most of the groove and get a good grip where I walk.This is definitely a quality sneaker, and considering I am a size 15, it is probably one of the few nice looking ones in my size.", "One of the rare Nike shoes available in wide. Does not compare to expensive options, but if you are looking for a cheap pair nothing else is in the ballpark.", "I got them in quick. I wear them for training.They are good shoes. I love nike they are the only shoe brand i will buy.", "I liked it but this one doesn't have the new tag either. But I felt a bit uncomfortable with it.", "excellent product excellent, very good shoes I love and attention was immediate, as received in good condition 100% recommended you purchase another opportunity lo maximo nike shoes ufff", "The sneakers arrived on time, undamaged and clean. These sneakers fit well and the break in period was short. The are durable and look nice as well.", "a shoe that fits my needs, I can use all the time and I find it very comfortable and versatile", "Arrived in 3 day which was great. Great packaging, the shoes looked better than the picture my husband loved them!", "They say you get what you pay for. Based on the outragest high prices of merchandise these days, i expected too much.The market is out of control with greed.", "The shoes is perfect for a game of basketball or early morning jog. The appearance of this shoe is nice and has a comfortable feel, for the price.", "Zapato ideal para el uso diario, no necesariamente es de uso exclusivo de jugar baloncesto. El modelo es muy ajustado al pies.", "Muy buenos y sirven para el basket, Gracias!! buenos zapatos eran los que estaba buscandoGracias!! buenos zapatos eran los que estaba buscando", "I purchased these shoes for my son because he was long over due for a new pair, they looked good and the price was good. I also thought that the design of the shoe would serve their purpose for my son to break a couple of ankles. Hoop it up baby boi.", "very good fit still had a little room to play in the toe area, good deal will surely buy again", "I love the shoe. The fit was perfect and provided the comfort I was looking for. I am at ease knowing that without having tried  the shoe on I got what I expected and beyond. Perhaps I will order shoes again.", "These shoes run small; I had to get 1 full size larger for them to fit correctly with a regular tube sock. Light, good looking, can't comment on their longevity yet. I am using them for bicycle riding; I have found them to be comfortable for my purpose.", "The shoes shine really well, of good material. The size fits perfectly to the standards as what I had no problems with them. For its relation I boast / quality recommend it extensively", "Glad I found them.  Nike should start making them again. I only like the low tops. For some reason they stopped making the low tops.", "My sons feet were growing so fast that we couldn't get more than 6 months out of his shoes.  We have had to buy him new baseball shoes every year he played ball, so when I found these shoes I thought they would surely last the season.  Even though these cleats were inexpensive, they have held up as well as any we have purchased before at a much higher price.  He was able to get the size (14)and color he wanted and they felt as comfortable as any of his other shoes.  Yes, he wants new cleats for this season (so they look nice as he gives them no care at all), but I wouldn't hesitate to buy him another pair and we probably will.  I think he will keep his old ones for backup.", "I have the AROD shox as well and I love both pairs. Great price for a great pair of cleats!!", "If you are a man with a size 14 foot and you have a very narrow foot, these will fit you perfectly! If you have a normal width foot or a wide foot, you will not be able to even put your foot in it.  The shoe looked very nice in the box, but not so great when you try to put your foot in.  I bought these assuming they were a regular width but they were nowhere near normal in the width area.  Be careful if you buy these shoes!", "I have to hope the pair of shoes I received are defective.  The first time I wore these on my 30 minute job, halfway through I started to feel this jabbing feeling on inside the left shoe, which became quite painful.  When I got home, the shoe had ripped the skin off my toe second last to my baby toe.  Thought this was a fluke, so two days later put on the shoes again for my jog, relaced the shoes laces, did everything I could to ensure this would not happen again.  Same pain sensation on the same foot, this time when I returned my sock was completely bloody.  I was in considerable pain.  These were the first and last ever pair of Nike that I will ever buy.  The shoe fits a size too small, the cushion is excellent, but it is hard to appreciate that when your shoe is stabbing you.  Weird because the other shoe felt perfect, that is why I have to hope this is just a defective shoe - nonetheless I have to strongly recommend that you do not buy these shoes!", "I liked the sneakers very much they are just as expected if you wear these kind of sneakers you know what i mean", "the product is very good, I have no problem with it.Already been used and is as expected.very nice", "Love this cleats!", "Let me say that these shoes are really comfortable and it's may favorite shoe for walking around, or working out in the gym (but not on treadmill).  They are easy to put on also and I wear them a lot.But I do enjoy running and these are not the shoes I use for that purpose.  The reason being I feel a very slight sensation that the ground shifts when running, it maybe because of the slits in the sole that gives it the flexibility, plus being a bit high off the ground.  Now I like to land on my forefoot when I run, so someone who lands on his heels may not have any issue with these shoes.One additional thing I think most Nike shoes have is the ability to insert a tracking chip.  On the left shoe there is a small plastic inside compartment for that.  This also makes a slight cracking sound when you walk around.  You don't feel it at all, but you can hear it if you're walking in a very quite place, so you won't be able to sneak up on anyone.", "I have had my Nikes for about a year now and wear them on a daily basis. I would have to say that these shoes are the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn in my life. They are very breathable and light weight too. I especially love how there isn't a tounge in the shoe that slides to the side throughout the day; they are more like a slipper that you can tie. Surprisingly they have held up quite well this past year so they are pretty sturdy, remember, I wear these every day. Pretty much you won't go wrongWhen purchasing these shoes and once this pair dies I will definitely be getting a second pair.", "I purchased these shoes over two years ago and hands down have been one of the BEST pairs of shoes I've ever owned. The reason why I say this, is well because I've taken these shoes on countless runs, hikes, walks, played baseball, basketball, football, fished in them and not only do they clean up well but they are as comfy as the first day I got them.Anyone who plays basketball outdoors will tell you, the shoes you play in will most likely be ruined by the time your done. Well with two seasons that have gone by these things are still holding up.If basketball didn't ruin them, I for sure thought fishing would. I bank fish from time to time and when I do, I walk through a lot of mud and sometimes go in the water. Impressively enough these shoes have been in (literately in the water) 5 different lakes and are still in tact.Once again hands down one of the best shoes I've purchased in my life.", "I knew I wanted these shoes, but unfortunately, I have a hard time finding good shoes because I wear a size 14. Shoes that big aren't easy to find in good shoes.  I went to a shoe store and found these shoes and really wanted them, but they only went up to size 13.  Same thing with Nike's website.  I had almost given up hope, but I found them here in size 14 for the same great price.  The shoes feel great and were shipped quickly.", "I have had my Nike Free Run+2 running shoes for about 2 months now, and I love them.  Prior to my Nike Free Run+2 running shoes, I only wore Nike Shox for running.  I believe the Free Run+2 is the superior running shoe.  They have a barefoot feel to them with the added benefits of the support a running shoe gives you.  I am not an avid runner, but I wear my Free Run+2 shoes not only for workouts, but also as for everyday shoe.  I would highly recommend these shoes, I rarely take mine off.", "I have played basketball competitively for nearly 15 years and in that time have owned dozens of pairs of basketball shoes.  I play a point guard/shooting guard position and the factors that matter to me the most when picking out a shoe are: comfort, weight, sole grip, and ankle support.Comfort:  These shoes come with a special foam insole that \"molds to your foot\" over time.  At first I was skeptical of how well this would work out, as my first days using the shoe they felt a little stiff and uncomfortable in the sole.  However, after about a week of play, the shoes really do develop a custom-fit feeling to them.  Another nice feature is the shoe's snugness; once you slip them on and lace them up, you'll notice that your whole foot feels like it's resting inside a glove.  You won't be able to slide around and you definitely won't feel like the shoe is going to slip off of you while playing.  The shoe is snug without being too tight or painful- a definite plus.Weight:  All I can say is wow! These are by far the lightest pair of basketball shoes I have ever owned.  I know there are some shoes out there that are indeed lighter, but in my personal experience the Kobe VI's really did a great job of slashing out unnecessary weight and taking a minimalist approach to this shoe design.  I feel like I can jump through the roof when I'm playing in these and I definitely don't feel like my feet are clunking down the court when I run in transition.Sole grip:  And what I mean by \"sole grip\" is the level of stickiness that the shoes have when playing on hardwood floor.  Some shoes do a poor job of providing players with friction when faced with a slightly dusty playing surface.  This can be the difference between making a  great defensive play or slipping and getting embarrassed by the person you are guarding.  The Kobe VI's do a remarkable job of staying grippy even on surfaces that are less than ideal for playing.  I really like this about these shoes.Ankle support: No one likes to roll an ankle while hooping and any basketball player will tell you that the most commonly sustained injury in basketball is a sprained ankle.  One of the best ways to avoid sprained ankles is to have shoes that offer sturdy ankle support.  Makes sense, right?  However, when picking out shoes you sometimes have to pick and choose what matters the most to you and what is going to be the most suited to your position and/or style of play.  Quicker, faster players (guards/point guards) usually like to have lightweight shoes that allow them to make sudden changes in direction without feeling bulky.  Stronger, more powerful players (forwards/centers) usually prefer shoes that have really high ankle support.  With this in mind, I would not recommend these shoes to a forward/center player.  The Kobe VI's are a low-cut shoe will not provide you with the ankle support you need to play one of these positions.  However, if you are like myself (guard/point guard) and do not mind sacrificing a bit of ankle support for less weight, while maintaining the ability to change direction on a dime, then these just may be the right shoes for you.All in all, I've owned my Kobe VI's for about 2 months now and I have really enjoyed the performance I have gotten out of them.", "These are of the most comfortable shoes I have worn.  I am NOT a basketball player but as everyday athletic shoes these rock.", "Very happy. Just somewhat small. My big toenails hit the very front of the shoe, so with thick socks could be a little uncomfortable.", "Fast shipment..the shoe is just as expected, except for the size. I guess all Nike shoes run small, now I have to exchange for a half size bigger. I would recommend this seller!", "Excelente son muy c&oacute;modos y protegen mucho el pie de torceduras lo recomiendo para el juego de baloncesto suerte &iexcl;&iexcl;", "I was suprised to see the RED NIKE emblem, I was expecting the more traditional BLUE. Would like to be aware of color options! Other than that I have no complaints. Was considering looking into possibility of another purchase,I'll be forwarned when making my purchase!", "I stick with Nike brand shoes as they seem to fit my large feet (15) very well without having to move to a wide width.  They also seem to run true to size.  I find that Adidas, Rebok, and New Balance tend to run small and narrow.  I'm 6'2\" and 300 lbs. and still playing basketball using these shoes.  I do find that I have to trade them out every 3-4 months because the shoe loses its cushion and my knees start to hurt.  That's understandable given the compression my weight causes on the soles of the shoes.  They hold up very well in my opinion.", "These are comfortable shoes. I wear them to walk my dog every morning and they feel good. I have been wearing the Overplay series for years and am very happy with them. I like a higher top shoe so I don't twist an ankle if I misstep.", "I purchased these shoes for my daughter because they looked good and the price was good.  I also thought that the design of the shoe would serve their purpose for my daughter to ball out of control on the court.  Hoop it up sista gurl.", "Nike should keep this style of sneaker,instead of changing it every year.  The fit is great,and the sole is long lasting.", "I have had my new shoes a couple weeks.  They are great and I would buy again.. Got them quick and they were perfect.", "I bought these shoes for son. He has wide feet and it's hard to find nice name brand shoes in wide. These were great for him. They fit perfect, comfy, and they are great looking.", "Love this shoe, bought a pair for my son after. Almost one year and still going strong.  Right size for my big feet.", "This was bought for the hubby who was pleased with both the style and fit. Delivery was prompt....and the price was great.", "Nice looking running shoe,, comfortable to walk in, but not for running. I would recommend this shoe for individuals who want to walk. Didn't like it too much for running.", "Excellent fitted shoes and well ventilated. I purchased these and was very satisfied. The order was correct with no issues the show were in excellent condition.", "I've been looking all over to find wide (4E) size shoes in stores. I couldn't so I ordered this to test out. Not only this shoes fits comfortably it's a good everyday shoes. No more irritation from side of feet or ankles. It breaths fine. It's also good for hills and long walks. It's on heavy side so I wouldn't use it for jogging or running. Other than that there were perfect for me.As for build quality, I only wore them 2 months so I can't say much about that, but so far no problem here.", "These shoes are the most comfortable shoes ever.  They are so light and airy.  Bought them for work shoes and they are amazing.  My feet feel great after a long day at work.  And so far, they seem to be holding up to the huge amount of walking I do.  Great purchase.", "I have to wear wide shoes. These shoes fit very comfortably and are great for walking. Shoes also look pretty sharp. They were a buy.", "The products are very good, total qualityThe products are very good, total qualityThe products are very good, total quality", "they are not a 4E, or if they are, they are a small 4E. They did not fit my father who has a wide foot, he refused to give them back to us to exchange for something else. I only found out they were too small after my mom mentioned it, but other than that it's a very nice shoe and will work nicely for your loved one. My dad just has a super super wide foot. We had bought these for him because he loved my husbands shoes, which are exactly like this and not wide. These shoes, from my husbands pov are very comfy and work well for his runs and just walking around, a shame they didn't fit my dad, going to try and have them stretched out.", "Great shoes comforable fit and light.  I am deployed overseas and needed a good pair becasue the military PX over here charges Nike price for garbage shoes. Glad Amazon is always there .", "I had to return them, just did not fit right.  Bought my regular size and I do have problems with my feet, but these hurt my toes even and the ball of my feet.", "I have a hard time finding wide size sneakers.  This is the only shoe that seems to fit me.  I walk 10 miles a day.  These shoes are good for about 150 miles.  :-)", "We went and measured my sons foot and found him to be in a 4E size. I thought it wouldn't be that hard to find a nice shoe in that size.....boy was i wrong!!! Ive looked everywhere for his size shoe that was &#34;his style &#34;. I did find a bunch of new balance shoes but he kept shooting them down. Then I came across these....and he LOVED them! Normally with Nike we go up a half size because they tend to run a little tight, but these are true to size. My son says these are the best fitting and comfy shoes he has had. Plus they got here a day BEFORE they were expected to get sent out! Great buy and great price! Will buy again!!!", "I will be buying these shoes every six months. I love them. They fit perfectly. I wear them everyday. LOVE", "Good, comfortable shoe like all Nikes that I have had.  I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because I had to immediately buy laces for it.  I didn't even use the top holes and I still could just barely tie them.  It only cost me a couple bucks but you'd think that's something they would get right.", "Great shoe. true to width. Very happy. Nike wide in a current style is getting harder and harder to find.", "PERFECT,EXCELLENT. ARRIVED IN THE STIPULATED TIME. Exact description. AND EVERYTHING IN ORDER. I would HIGHLY RECOMMEND 100000000% BUY IN THIS SHOP.", "i bought this for a friend who has a damaged spine, ankle problems and a leg brace. After one month wearing them he has felt significantly better his ankles hurt less due to better support, his back also felt much better. He has been wearing them for months now, every day and there is no sign of wear and tear.I would recommend to anyone!", "Clunky at best, more of a ortho shoe for old people, would not buy again . Nike can't get it right for people with wider feet.", "I bought these for my daughter in laws father for a Christmas present. He loves them says they fit great and feel good on his feet.", "A lot of confort, perfect size, they could look a little nicer but, for the price, its a gret buy.", "For a shoe to work out in and to just be active in, the DART is the one.  I couldnt be more satisfied", "Bought these for myself in January, and they take a beating. I'm a big guy who puts a lot of pressure on shoes, and these are some of the most comfortable I've ever owned. Nice arches too, which is a big plus from me. Will definitely purchase a second pair.", "they fit beautifully and are as described. a great product. I am very happy with Nike,these shoes will last a long time", "These fit great and look great.  Had found them in the store and loved them so much that when I wore out the first pair I had to find them to get a 2nd.  A bit of venting on the sides of the shoes helps keep your feet cool.  Great padding and not super narrow for those of us with a bit wider foot.", "These shoes are low priced, i use to by the Pegassus and when i found these at less than 50% of the price just jumped into them...Bad choice for running. You may use them at the gym or for walking, do not run with them, they are no good for running. I got a few painful injuries after just a few weeks of running with them, slow building painful injuries.I went back to Pegassus again and had no problems since.", "comfortable , affordable, perfect for running/walking. you won't find better shoes at this price, i know because i've tried. Nice !", "A decent pair of shoes are hard to find and these are so comfortable, they are perfect.  Thinking of getting another pair.", "I got these shoes for my sons birthday and he really liked them. He's a runner and said these shoes are the perfect running shoes.", "I bought them for my son. He loves them. He has a wide foot and they are the only sneakers that fit comfortably.", "Shoes are always going to be somewhat a combination of preference and physicality. I bought the dart 9 during training for the Philly marathon last fall. Wore them once got a blister... Moved on to my other shoes and used the darts as everyday shoes.  Months later while in philly the day before the race... I noticed I brought two left shoes of my normal runners....not good.I wore the darts that I had been wearing with some stretchy laces I bought at the expo.....  I had no foot pain and have now found my shoe....  Seriously..... Oh the blister was from the new socks I had tried...Finding your shoe is an adventure.", "Light and comfy! Good price and as usual, good quality. I would buy a second pair just to have one more in my closet.", "It is a NIKE what more can i say, these people engineer their products to do what they want; to give high quality performance.", "I purchased the shoe for my son who wears 4e in the New Balance footwear. This shoe ran narrower than he is use to.", "I was very happy when I got these shoes. They were exactly the comfort and support level I needed. Thanks.", "These are my favourite pair of cleats. Very comfortable and stable for long hours of playing. The main feature is the friction plate(rubber patch)on the inside of the foot. I feel it improves control and accuracy especially when taking powerful shots.", "best fitting shoe by Nike for wide feet...if only they still made this style then I wouldn't have to look at going to another brand", "size was smaller, I do not served, however good care of you, do not place claim to be of Venezuela", "Fits very well with my foot. Very comfortable and weightless. The color is great. A little lighter shade of purple.", "i had a pair of these i bought like 5 years ago in tan.  have looked everywhere since for another pair. i was unable to find for years. found these on amazon. ordered them within seconds and am sooo happy. they are even better in black. this field boot is the best. lightweight, durable and too cute! they are also incredibly comfortable. almost feel like a great pair of sneakers on your feet", "These are more of a cross training pair. Not that they wouldnt work for basketball. They could literally be used for any indoor/outdoor activity. Wear and tear is good on them thus far.", "Great looking & even better comfoft , good value as well , will not be the only pair or jeters i buy , new classic , instant", "These shoes are extremely comfortable and are wide, which is rare for Nikes. I got the grey ones in size 11. I just recently started jogging again and with these shoes you can definitely feel the difference. The mesh on top of the shoes combined with my mesh socks helps to keep my feet cool.", "Got these shoes today, were VERY comfortable for about 30 minutes but then I started having some pain.  The part that supports the arch of the foot is somewhat hard and was putting pressure on that part of my foot.  It was even more uncomfortable when I was just standing around and not moving much.  I really wanted to like these shoes, but I am returning them tomorrow.  Paid $130 for them so I expected a lot more.  Maybe its my foot, but I know I've read other people having the same issues.", "these are fake if ive ever seen one. i dont even wear these because there is ZERO cushioning in these shoes. i have owned the vomero 3-5 and LOVED them.  THESE SUCK !! SO BAD I CANT TELL YOU !! DID I SAY THEY SUCK??", "I've had several pair of vomeros.  They're the most comfortable running shoe I've ever worn and won't buy anything else until that changes.  Highly recommend these shoes for anyone who is looking for a comfortable running shoe.", "I bought these shoes to use on runs ranging from 2-10 miles.  They are comfortable and work pretty well for a midfoot strike.  They are tight without being too tight and there's enough cushion.  Unfortunately, they have worn down very quickly, including a popped stitch down by the toe within the first month of use.  They're not bad for around $90, but I will probably go back to Saucony for my next pair.", "I purchased these from a local running store last fall for $140. They were my first pair of running shoes and are probably the only reason I am still running a year later. I wasn't running much when I first got them, but they took the pain out of my knees and hips. For the past couple of months I've been marathon training, and now the shoes have over 300 miles on them. I'm bad about scuffing my feet while running (I'm far from a graceful runner), so I have prematurely worn down a couple spots on the sole. I'm getting the Vomero +6 again because it is the most comfortable shoe of any type that I've ever worn. I read a review in Runner's World that the Vomero +7 has a thinner sole than the 6, so I'm not willing to change shoes/form 6 weeks before my marathon. I wish Nike would have left a good thing alone, but at least I can still get these on Amazon.", "Shoes are very wide.  One run and I twisted my foot 3 times.  Unfortunately I wore them so can't return.", "good shoes for wider feet.  half the price of the running store.  i would buy them again.  They arrived quickly too", "The Nike Zoom Vomero has more cushioning than any other shoe in the Nike line -- or, as far as I know, in any other. The most cushioned Asics shoe, for example --  the Gel Nimbus -- doesn't even compare. To get this level of cushioning, though, the Vomero gives up a degree of structure, strength, and durability. This is not a shoe for sports or cross-training; it doesn't support the foot well enough. For running it will be great if your foot doesn't need a more structured shoe but may not last as long as less cushiony runners. But for walking and casual wear, the Vomero is fantastic -- you can't do better.", "True to size...comfortable, soft like running on a cloud...makes you truely enjoy or want to go for runs! Light weight, breathable and fits like a glove!", "This shoes are everything I expect from Nike. I've been wearing Nike for the last eight years and I find them extremely comfortable for every ocassion: you can't even tell you're wearing them!!", "i like the shoe ended up with a different brand though these run a bit big and my foot would slip out when i was running and seemed to agitate my shin splints more. i wear an 8.5 and could have worn a 7.5 in these that's how much room i had. i ended up just selling to a friend she likes them so they don't seem to be horrible shoes they just didn't work out for me.", "This item was a good purchase, but just make sure you order it 1/2 size bigger than usual bc it seems as though the sizes run small.  I recieved my item w/no problems & they fit perfect.", "hard to find any Blue Jordans.........very comfortable.........received compliments from different areas that I've traveled...worth every dime spent and arrived on time", "I bought these for my boyfriend because he said he'd run with me if I bought him the shoes of his choice. So far he really loves them. He says they're great and super comfy.", "I ordered these Nike Shox running shoes on a Tuesday night and they were at my doorstep by Thursday evening....earlier than I thought and I was really happy because I was leaving town in a couple days so I wanted to take the shoes with me. Nike makes great shoes and these are no different. Comfortable and great for an avid runner.", "I was so excited when I got the product. It was everything I imagined it to be, although I viewed the images of it several times online prior to purchasing.After a few days of wearing the shoes (I've only worn it 5 times)within a few weeks after receiving the item. I noticed that a thin line was visible in front of the shoes where the toes point at. Didn't pay much attention to it since it might have been just a small defect and hoped that it would not get worse. I was wrong! Two usage after noticing, the small line became some sort of a crack and seemed to be getting more bigger. The shoes is not that expensive ($100), but just hoped that it would at least have more quality than this. I expected more, since i have always been an avid Nike fan.So disappointed!", "I'm not having the line/cracking problem like the guy above. These are pretty basic looking white Nike's with clean lines. I'm always looking for that classic two toned or mono toned Air Max.", "I'M VERY SATISFIED WITH PRODUCT QUALITY AND ESPECIALLY THE PRICE I hope you have more of this model in other colors .. THANKS", "I have a hard to buy for grandson and asked him what he wanted for Christmas....he said a pair of black sandals....nuff said.  So, with nothing else to go on, I commenced my 3 month search for \"black sandals\".  My eyes still hurt from the hundreds of web sites and stores I looked at.  I found these, in a navy color and I agonized for awhile that they were not black.  But, he loved them and wore them alot! ~~~Another satisfied grandchild and exhausted Grammy~~~", "I am so glad that I made the choice to order these sneakers.  They are fantastic and worth every penny", "Bought this for a friend, but i must say that i did receive it on time, wright size and color so no complaints.", "NIKE WMNS LUNARELITE+ 2 WOMENS 429783-105 (5.5, WHITE/WOLF GREY-PRO PLATINUM-WOLF GREY), es un zapato muy bonito, tiene buena estructura y es comodo. Adem&aacute;s, sus colores son llamativo.", "Here's what I like about these: They have a fairly flexible front sole and soft thin upper, so one can ball- or midfoot-strike in these on shorter, faster runs.  Yet they have the canonical cushioning and heel rise, so if one's form becomes less than impeccable after a few hours of running, foot injuries are entirely avoided - at least for me.I've run in everything from Leguanos (German barefoot shoes so minimal they make Vibrams look like tanks), to Nike 3.0s (somewhere in-between) to these Lunareclipses as well as their brethren from Mizuno, Brooks, Asics 21XX, et al.  I love Leguanos and 3.0s for shorter runs, but I just can't do the 10 hour-type races and training in them without some kind of overuse injury creeping in after a couple of months.  I like to run the Lunareclipse+ during long training runs and races where I feel there's a danger of getting tired at the end, like Marathon+, Half-Ironmans, or Ironmans.  I'm on pair number 5, dutifully replacing them every 450 miles - although the soles look like new because I'm a short contact time, lightweight runner.", "This is the first pair of running shoes I have had without putting extra arch supports in them.I have the plantar faciitis and this pair of shoes work!  Thank you Nike.", "This is the best running shoe I've ever had!  Really wish Nike would keep making this exact shoe.  No problems and my feet feel great in these.", "I got these shoes when I just healed from having a broken metatarsal. They were the only shoes I could walk in that were enclosed at first. They're so comfortable. They're very supporting without being stiff. I love them.", "this shoe is my most favorite to wear where im currently located easy on the legs an feet i declare don't second guess buying these it's a must buy", "i purchased these shoes to go to the gym and do regular work out.  they are extremely comfortable and are very light weight.  cant go wrong with these shoes.  i should have considered another color as the white mesh front of the shoes tends to get dirty faster and its hard to clean.", "When I went out for my first run I was convinced that I had ordered a shoe that was too big. After wearing size 11 Nike running shoes for 15yrs this was the first pair to not fit. By my third run the shoes had moulded to fit my foot better and I no longer had issues with my foot sliding around in the shoe. I bought the Lunarelite's  to replace a pair of Zoom elite 4's that have been amazing. The Lunarelites seem lighter and equaly supportive but not as comfortable as the shoes they replaced.", "This is the best I got from all the purchased items. I found it as expected which is not the case with the other items.", "I was looking for a blazer and saw this one, its a nice obsidian (I say blue mostly), nice shoe to my collection, its somthin different", "I don't run but if I did I'd be grease lightning in these bad boys!", "Love my Jay's had to get these at the time, the cheapest online right now! But i am sure the prices will rise soon", "I was expecting these to be like the lunarglides, but they're not.  The sole is too stiff, so I am sending them back.  Bummer, because the colors are beautiful!", "I work as a PA (Doctors Assistant) and I'm always on my feet for hours sometimes without breaks. They look very nice with my scrubs. Doctors and other co-workers compliment them all the time. Very comfortable!!  They come in different colors. Love them!!", "I have not bought nike products in over 6 years. After seeing these in JCPenny, i went home and ordered them a week later. They look great, they're light weight, and they're comfortable, not to mention affordable. Best part is that ive never run into anyone else in these. I wish they carried the same exact shoe in different colors", "good quality shoes, colors are just like the photo, materials are great, and they are very very light for a tennis", "the shoes look great and hold up well so far.  Ive only had them for a month but I'm a fan.I have wide feet, so the shoes were a bit uncomfortabole for the first week, but once they loosened up a bit they were very comfortable.", "The shoes fit to my feet and do a good job keeping me comfortable while I'm jogging or working on the elliptical.", "The picture is perfect, product is comfortable, gives a good grip on the skate board and I expect it to be durable enough.", "Shoes were perfect.  Nice-looking, good fit, good price.  Beats store prices with a stick.  Will buy again for sure.  OK", "it was a great looking sneaker but unfortunately it was too small. the top of the shoe was my fav", "These shoes are comfortable and lightweight love them great purchase. If your looking for a goid running shoe or just a good run around everydsy shoe will work good for both.", "I bought these shoes back in March to transition to minimalist shoes, and after 500 miles, they are still doing great. They were there through a mile PR, 5k PR, 10k PR, and my first marathon. After some breaking in, they worked great on the road and even on the trails. At times, the fit was a little weird, mostly because I have a narrow heel. But again, after breaking them in, they were fine. Although these are minimalist shoes, I wouldn't recommend wearing them without socks, though. Also, they aren't THE MOST minimalist shoes you can find. They don't have TOO much cushioning but they still have a fair amount.", "Isn't it ironic that the thing that is supposed to protect your feet (shoes) acutally harms them. In particular I am referring to the atrocious \"barefoot technology\" touted by the Nike Frees. I can attest to the fact that those shoes are nothing like running or walking barefoot, and do you know why? It's because I just walked two miles up past the Mission in those shoes, and the two miles back barefoot. Now, this is probably why my brother thinks I should be made a ward of the state, a grown-ass woman walking around in the streets in bare feet in the summertime. Nevertheless, on the way up (shoes on) I was having pain in my right hamstring, stiffness in my ankles and could barely feel my feet. I felt like a Frankenstein. On the way back, everything harmonized and was made complete in my body, mind, and spirit. When I got back to the house, I threw those shoes right in the garbage can, then spent an indeterminate amount of time ecstatically watching a spider weave its web while eating salad. (My brother may have a point.)The feet are the hands that touch the earth--you want them to be free? Whenever possible, free them of shoes! I find it is more relaxing and safter to walk on grass, or sand, which made me think of the Buddhist teacher Pema Chodron who asks: does it make more sense to cover the whole world in leather, or make shoes for your feet? Buddhists say: Cold world no blanket. I say: We can work towards making the world a softer place, where it is safe to walk around bare-footed and truly free. We can be the softest most vulnerable creatures, completely raw and exposed and natural, and there is nothing wrong about that. Curse you Nike Free, curse you for costing $90, for being so shittily made in such poor conditions, and for being a lie.", "I like these shoes. I'm a fan of all of the Free Runs. Got this pair for work and I'm on my feet for 12 hours in the day as a nurse, so having something comfortable and lightweight is a must. My foot arch is not too prominent - not completely flatfooted, but almost there. And these are great. I don't like them AS MUCH as the Free Run 3's, but these were approximately $10 cheaper so i'm not complaining. The newer Free Runs fit my arch a little better.", "These are like wearing slippers.... get thin low cut socks and they look great!  I use them for exercising, hiking, and everyday wear and so pleased!", "Running, training, and day to day wear, these are by far the most versatile shoes I've purchased. My boyfriend introduced me to a pair for Christmas and it was the best gift for my feet. Ive been training for a marathon and I'm confident these shoes will make it through the entire course. They're lightweight, flexible, and have amazing breatheability which is why I have fallen in love. Hurry quick because words out that Nike is discontinuing the 2.0 and moving forward with the 3s and frankly this style is my personal preference.", "this is my favorite tennis shoe of all time...extra light weight and so comfortable.  the tongue is part of the shoe so it never slides down and is never out of place...absolutely love this shoe...", "To bad the soles are falling apart after 3 uses to work . Not sure why they Are falling apart", "i don't use these to run, but i keep them clean to wear them to work and outside of work. i love them. i don't wear socks with them, and my feet feel amazing using them. i definitely recommend spending the extra bucks in buying them.", "These shoes are exactly what they promised to be: cute, comfy, and fun!  I wear them for running, crosstraining, even tennis!", "I love these sneakers , they are so light weight and not gawdy , i have them in a few colors", "The shoes arrived on time, brand new and just like the picture on line. My daughter runs track and absolutely loves them. No blisters, light as a feather. I would highly recommend them.", "Nike's run small, so I had to return them and purchase 1/2 size larger. I had to pay $10 for return shipping.", "When will a size eight in these nike free runs be available? They have been out of my size for a while now and I was planning on purchasing them soon.", "This is an incredibly comfortable shoe. Fits and feels like a glove. True to size. I use these for everyday and light running.", "I'm very happy with my purchase.  The shoes are everything promised (if not better).  Also, the price was great and the shipment early...you can't best that!", "I wish Nike would notice the demand for this shoe and keep making it.They make something great and then try to &#34;improve it&#34; the next year/season.The Nike Free is not the case. This specific shoe was awesome, I have owned pair and now they are impossible to find.The new style is not a good fit, they changed it up a lot.I wear these even when I am not running, they are my favoite athletic shoe", "I normally wear a size six and these shoes were way too small. I suggest going up half a size or a full size.", "This is my second pair of frees. I love them. I've run in Asics for years and then switched to vibram five fingers. After I fractured my metarsal, I had to switch to a regular shoe. The free offers the flexibility of the vibrams with a little extra cushion. I didn't give them five stars because this pair has a more narrow toe box than my first pair. I've run about 45 miles in them already and I still feel the toe box is narrow.", "Item was delivered within the period specified by the seller. the shoes was comfortable and exactly meets my expectation, although i could have gotten the grey one which was my first choice.  However, it was not available at that time.", "As everybody know Nike shoes are the best I ever used, and those ones couldnt be the exception. They were a gift but my wife is so happy with them, she said they're really soft.", "I got these for my daughter for Christmas, she likes them and I know they will get a lot of use.", "Great sneaks for the price. a bit tight, but fit pretty well.  I am usually a size 10, but probably could've gotten a 10.5.  I don't wear these for running so no biggie... quick ship too...", "I bought these running shoes for everyday use. At first sight they are beautiful and retro styled. They remind me of Nike's running shoes from the 80s. After I ordered them they arrived quite quickly. When I tried them on, they were good fitting and were true to size. They are quite comfortable and they are expertly built but then again they are Nike's, what do you expect? I still have these shoes today and they are still as comfortable as the day I got them. If you are looking for a good pair of running shoes that are comfortable and would stand up to the test of time and wear and tear, then these are for you!", "I had to wait for the price of the shoes to lower because of purchasing for a child.  Once they arrived, my daughter was so excited that she has been wearing them religiously!  They look nice!", "Nike's quality lives on in these sandals! They are very comfortable and very affordable. If you want comfort and durability in a pair of sandals. Then, this is it! These sandals are true to size and require little or no time for your feet to adjust to the fit. The Velcro straps are durable and allows for adjustment at your convienience. What's more, is that they are very lightweight. Therefore you can go on long walks and forget that you are wearing them. Based on the aforementioned these are best sandals that I have purchased in years. I would recommend these sandals to my friends in a heartbeat! I believe in Nike's quality and own a number of their products. They are definitely high in quality. You won't be disappointed! Now about the merchant. This seller offers very fast shipping (My Nike sandals were shipped within a  few hours of placing my order) and the customer service was most excellent. My queries were adressed within hours. You don't find this level customer service and efficiency these days. To the merchant, Congratulations! I will purchase from you again. Keep up the good work and continue to maintain your high level of service.", "sandals were great but they sent me usa size 8 not uk 8 web site does not say usa 8 and hard to get postage refund back ,and still have no uk 8 very ,very unhappy", "This Nike shoe is extremely light and comfortable.  I wear them running to the gym and for my weight training workouts as well as group ex classes.  The only thing they don't work well for are spinning classes because the sole is so flexible.  The colors are great too.  The shoe fits true to any other Nike shoe I have worn.  I have these in three different colors because I love them so much!", "purchased these as stocking stuffers for our Tribal youth, Alaska is cold they loved that they were warm.  Thank you.", "Can't wear them because I bought them too small, I am usually an 8 but i should have gotten an 8.5. With that said this is a classic shoe, and if you want to try it on before you buy it, head down to your nearest Olympia sports and ask for a pair of 1972 nike cortez's.", "all ok that is what i am expect and i buy again and again thanks a lot again sorry my english is bad", "I express the deception that I have made to sell me an item I can not use and was not the size I ordered making me lose my money.", "There is so much to say about these shoes, but here are some pros and cons.*Pros>Wide foot fit>High durability>Waffle grip design>Phenomenal support>Fun and noticeable color schemeCons&lt;Needs regular cleaning&lt;Not for mud or snow.", "Good Nike running shoes. Provide real nice cushoning. I had Air Pegasus before, will have probably also in the future.", "we brought thes for a male friend he runs a lot dose about 20to 30 kms a week  as had no probles with them at all", "Great running shoes, quick delivery time, and a good price.  There is a device embeded in the sole which sync(s) with your iPhone/iPod.  This allows you to easily track how far you run, jog, or walk using your iPhone/iPod, and you can upload these to your own personal \"Nike+\" personal website.  Very handy tool to track your progress.", "This is the most comfortable running shoe I have ever owned. Not much more I can say. I liked them so much,  I bought another pair just for general use.", "Very good shoes. these shoes are comfortable and supportive, but not very nice looking. The shoes are not true to size and although my foot size is 9, I ordered a size 10.5 to have it fit.", "Finally they arrived!!! it took a long time... and the box came all sqaushed but it did not affect the shoes, and they are very comfortable! Good Purchase!", "These shoes are very heavy. Sturdy, big tread, and very stiff at first. The first 3 miles I ran in these I thought they were 10 ply tire treads pasted to an upper; very stiff. The next 3 miles I was very happy with the roll and flow. The tread is excellent for trails and if you know in advance you are getting a heavy trail training shoe, you'll love these. If you do not like concrete blocks on your feet while training, these aren't for you. For serious trail runners looking for a solid shoe that will work you - get 'em.", "excellent product and very comfortable shoes came in as expected, really comfortable for jogging and running, love the product good good", "I ordered these shoes in a size 2.5 for my son. These shoes were a perfect fit! He loves them! They are great looking and comfortable! Great product! Great price! Fast shipping!", "I bought 2 pairs for my boys for Christmas.  They were ecstatic!!  These shoes have worn well and the boys report they are great on the court.", "This was the a great gift that I gave my husband for christmas a 1 year ago. ''He said, that htey are so comforbable shoes that he has ever wear''.", "there kind of tight on the front sides (11us) I like the style anyways,good quality on material and colors I'm satisfied.", "My son loves Jordans. Although I need a second job to provide them (joke) I will always support the brand.", "This shoe arrived way ahead of schedule and was the first time that I bought school shoes online. My son was very pleased with the look and I was very please with the price.", "My wife orders this pair of shoes and they are absolutely georgeuos and pretty comfortable, sadly the pictures and description dont represent the quality or the look of the sneakers, i recommend it totally!", "I hope they never stop making these. I wish they would make darker colors also. They are great shoes for narrow feet. I would go up a half size.", "The Soccer cleats are just perfect. Great quality and they look awesome. Loved the leather smell when they first arrived.", "These shoes are very very beatiful, really nice. Amazon picture is too much dark. This Nike model is amazing to watch and to wear. For me is the best design that I have", "They are so stylish and last like nothing I've ever purchased.  And comfortable beyond belief!!  PLEASE KEEP MAKING THEM NIKE!!!", "You get what you pay for and I appreciated getting cleats in my size 14 for such a cheap price. The cleats worked well for about half a season and then the cleats (which are bolted in with screws) start moving. Thats when your feet start hurting. Other than that the shoe was light, well built and comfortable. But this is the first and last shoe I ever buy with bolted in cleats. Strangely enough If I had to do it again I would buy them again for lite, lite, play. If you are competitive, dont even think about it.", "Meets my demands!", "I got a little obsessed with green this year and I wanted everything green. I found these shoes at a good price for Jordans. I ordered them one morning for regular shipping and it was at my home the next afternoon. They fit well and comfortable. I am wearing them today! The seller even went the extra mile to add in a 5 hour energy. I am not a 5 hour energy fan, but that is a good gesture from a business.", "I did not give these a 5 because they are not comfortable when standing/walking for an extended period of time. But they are stylish and get lots of compliments.", "These sneakers would have been awesome if they sent the size I ordered.  I wish I could find them somewhere else, they are so cute!", "For me this style of running shoes (I run 30-40 miles a week) had turned out to be the very best in comfort, support and longevity, It is a pricy shoe but, hey these are your feet and legs we are talking about here, they are worth it.", "I wore these shoes for several weeks to the gym and than poof... the air bubble just deflated. called nike  and got dismal customer care so shoes went into the garbage and I no longer by any shoes with air pockets from any manufacturer", "A little background on myself... I am an AVID shoe lover. I have owned well over 500 pairs of shoes in my life and currently own over 100 that I can and do wear. I am a career retail manager and managed a Journeys Shoe store for almost 4 years which was by far my favorite job of any I've had.I purchased a pair of these the week they came out. I wore the **** out of them. I instantly fell in love and have had a hard time even wearing other pairs of shoes because nothing I have owned is quite as comfortable. Over the time I have owned these shoes, the sole, mesh, and cushion (air bubble) have stayed almost like the day I bought them. They have gotten worn, but not worn out. I clean, wash, and take extensive care of all of my shoes. Even with continuous maintenance and upkeep I did eventually wear out the top leather on the front of the shoe. Unfortunately part of owning white shoes is that they inevitably do get dirty to they point that they can no longer look like new and/or be cleaned. This took a little over a year for me with constant/daily wear probably around 300 days out of the year.At that time I then purchased a SECOND pair of these shoes. I payed $150 for them the second time vs the $169.99 the first time. I am heavily contemplating going ahead and purchasing ANOTHER pair of these to have/wear when I wear the second pair out. I love them that much... and apparently everyone else does too. Almost everywhere I go someone comments on how nice they look or how much they love them. Nike really messed up by not coming out with a white/grey combo in the 2012 version but honestly I like the detail/mesh on the 2011 better anyways, I just want to know that I can always get a pair later on.Take my word for it... you will NOT regret getting a pair of these, or two, or three...", "Love these shoes - bought the same style in another color too!!  Will be watching for good deals on additional colors.", "I love the Penny's and I can wear them to just wear them. However, I can't play basketball with them because I wear 9's and it hurts to play in them. I should have bought 10's.", "the shoes are very nice and exactly the size i wanted. i was very impressed by the prompt shipment and quick delivery. i highly recommend this seller. will obviously come back to do business again and again!", "They are somewhat too small, but I usually wear quite thick socks. So I have brought some very thin ones and as I'm only racing in them for 800m or less, they feel great. All zipped up and inclosed, no worries.", "My daughter is a nurse and on her feet for long hours and these are the only shoes she wants. I buy her a pair of shoxs every year in Dec. The boy shoxs fit her and they are cheaper than adults.", "This was the 3rd pair of shoes that I purchased for my daughter as the sizes run a little small or I should say narrow.  Well made and she said that she felt taller.  Generally don't purchase shoes as expensive as these for an 8 year old ($94) but she wanted them and what is a Dad going to do...  We purchased the all white shoe and they were hard to find (I assume that was the reason for the high price), but all in all... she's happy and that what you want at the end of the day.", "The shipping service was excellent. I must say with Amazon you don't have to be afraid to get the wrong size; I ordered a 12 and so I got a 12. The shoe is very decent. Has a very slight gloss of purple in bright light. Looks cool with any clothes that have light purple or grey and of course black. However, I must include the fact that within a week of usage there I noticed a tear on the front left side of the right shoe. So it goes to show that the material of this shoe is not the best and so I'm giving this 3 stars instead of 5.", "fits nice. Only problem was on line it says red in colour when received it was maroon, it was a present for my boyfriend and he really liked red", "Too bad that you cannot get the shoes in a wide size.  My size is 12 4E (wide) so I purchased a size 13M (medium width).  They fit ok and they look good.", "Awesome pair of shoes, I have gotten a lot of compliments on them! Comfortable, stylish, and durable. That is everything that makes up a great pair of shoes!", "Great fit, solid shoes, the kind Nike isnknown for. Old school look, great quality and solid. I recommend and would buy again", "these shoes bring it back to HS. AF1z still the s***. Am gunna buy another pair very soon in black.", "Very comfy. Would definitely order again. My boyfriend uses them all the time, he recently broke both heel bones in his feet and now he is starting to walk again and he uses these sneakers all the time. He says they are very comfy.", "These were for my 13 year old son, who loves them. He wears them every day and they are going strong after 3 months. He will probably outgrow them before he wears them out.", "I love the color but the quality is very cheap. Very thin all over, poorly glued/sewn. Super uncomfortable. Let's put it this way--they have spent a lot of time in my closet.", "My daughter has a larger foot for a teen girl to add to that her foot is wide.  This shoe is GREAT except it is too narrow for her foot.  If you do not need a wide fit highly recommend.", "My name is Matt Gyokery and I am a college student at Cal State San Marcos and also work at big 5 sporting goods.  I just graduated from Westview high school and played football for 5 years. I purchased these cleats going into my senior year. Pryor to my vapor carbons I had always had detachable cleats and never really had a problem with them. I switched to the vapor carbons because I just wanted a lighter cleat that would make me faster. Lots of my friend and teammates had molded cleat bottoms and always talked about how great they were so I thought I had to try them. Although there were some things that I liked about my old cleats I loved what my new vapor carbons allowed me to do.When I was first trying on these cleats I discovered there narrowness. Also the tongue of the shoe is connected not allowing you to open up the cleat to put your foot in, making it is very hard to put the cleat on. I had to get my ankle tapped during the season and because of the narrowness it made it hard to get my foot in with the tape on. In addition, I tried to put on the cleats with an ankle brace and it would not fit. These cleats do not offer much ankle support to begin with so it would have been nice to use an ankle brace or something to support my ankle. Due to the cleat it is not possible to fit your foot in with a brace on. Although if you really need support you can get your ankle taped and although it will be tight there is enough room to fit in your foot with the tape.The first time you wear the cleats they hurt your feet and take a few days to break in. Even after you break them in they still made my feet soar every time after I wore them. Although to me this slight pain is worth it. The cleats make you faster and quicker and although the cleats are tight it makes it feel like they are just a part of your foot. These cleats truly allow you play to the highest of your abilities.These cleats have molded bottoms that are good for both grass and turf. Although I would probably recommend them more for playing on turf. I played on both and each surface was very similar.Not only were these cleats common among high school athletes, but if you turn on the television any Sunday you will see them worn by professional athletes. This shows that athletes that can choose any cleat are choosing the vapor carbons proving they are one of the best.I used these cleats for my whole football season and still use them to play football with my friends on the weekend and they have held up nicely. They are starting to get some rips in them but have held up great for the year that I needed them. You can easily use these cleats for a year and probably two. I know when it does come time though for me to get new Gycleats I will be getting vapor carbons again. I absolutely love these cleats and no other cleats compare. After you have worn vapor carbons you will never want to wear a different cleat again.", "I play utltimate frisbee. Since the player movements are very similar to football players, these cleats are the best choice for me. This is the second time I get this cleats, and I have absolutely no regrets about it. They're perfectly comfortable. I love the sole because of the traction that it provides, specially in turf. The design it's beautiful. I would definitely recomend this cleats to any football or ultimate frisbee player!", "GREAT SHOES.  I HAVE 3 DIFFERENT STYLES, ALL LEATHER, BUT THEY ARE 2 SIZES SMALLER THAT THEY ACTUALLY ARE LABELED.  IF YOU ARE A SIZE 11, ORDER A SIZE 13...THEY WILL FIT PERFECT.", "Got these for my hubby for fathers day.  He wore them when we were teens and he absolutely loved them.  Figured we would bring it back!!!", "Heads up people. These run at least a half size smaller than what sizing chart says! Had to return mine.", "I originally bought the Nike Men's Cortez shoes as part of my Forrest Gump Halloween Costume and afterwards I was just going to use them walking around my property. I found that they were way more comfortable so I started wearing them everyday and they are so comfortable! I am very happy with these shoes. The only thing to watch out for is that they dirty up really quickly if you don't watch it. That doesn't really matter to since I don't really care what people think of my walking shoes.", "Nike shoes tend to be sized slightly different than brands such as New balance or Adidas. I tend to wear a size 11.5 in those brands however in Nike I ordered a size 12 and the shoe could not fit my foot any better! I use these shoes for my clinical rotations in the hospital where I am up on my feet for 12+ hours and they keep my back, knees, and feet very comfortable.", "as of these time that you are asking if the shoe fits, im having a fit becuase the shoe was not even received at this time, supposed to arrive last week, but at this time i dont have any idea where the is the shoe, your tracking is pathetic and the delivery sucks. never to buy from you again", "This is the one and only shoe my hubby will wear. He has tried others but has worn this Nike forever. Good price, last a long long time", "I love them and have owned these kinds of sneakers for 20 plus years....they are GREAT and recommend them to all!!!!!", "This is a nice shoe. Yep, but you need to be careful because it is off size. About a half size smaller than usual one. Take a half size larger then it will be fine", "they are really nice, look sweet every time i wear i just wish the wouldn't that expensive or at least  qualify to get them with free shipping.!", "I've been running for a number of years now and I have gone through many brands of running shoes including Nike, Adidas, and New Balance.  However, I still remember fondly my first pair of running shoes.  My father had bought me a pair when I was 17, gave them to me and said, \"Here you go!\".  I remember looking at them in puzzlement, then looking at him and asking, \"What is this for?!\"  As you can tell, I had no idea what running was.ha!  Guess what pair of shoes I was given?  Yup, the Nike Air Pegasus!  My first foray into running, and it was with the trusty Air Pegasus shoes.In the years since, I have not come across another shoe as good as the Pegasus.  It is a very comfortable and light running shoe, and fits perfect with the first try, a nice snug (but not too snug) fit.  Like I said, perfect!The Air Pegasus 28 is my third Pegasus shoe (I've also owned the +26 version), and so far my favorite one.  I love the color options, I bought the turquoise and pink.  It caught my eye and screamed, \"Buy me!\".  I think the colors has made this great classic running shoe more fun and eye-catching (if you're into the bright colors, there are also more sedate colors offered too).  I'm glad Nike has realized a good thing, and haven't changed the Pegasus at all.This is a tried and true reliable running shoe that will appeal to beginner and experienced runners alike.", "Nike Air Pegasus+ 28 Running Shoe - Women'sSee my complete running shoe commentary at [...]Unless you're living under a rock, you've probably heard of barefoot running.  There are lots of folks running... I mean walking around in shoes made for barefoot running.  This screams marketing scheme to me.  But behind every fad is an inkling of reason.After reading up on this barefoot running trend, I've learned that our shoes are the villains behind many of our body's ailments. The cushy shoes we all know and love have weakened our feet, causing minor shifts in how our body works and changes in our natural gait.  This can lead to shifts in pressure and possibly pain. I'm sure I just drastically over-simplified a physiological issue, so please forgive.If you stopped reading now, you'd probably think I was all about barefoot running.  If so, then you, my friend, don't know me.  I do nothing trendy.  I'm classic all the way.  So I had to go with a classic running shoe.  That would be the Nike Pegasus.  This shoe has been around for decades and hardly anything has changed. And why should it?  Our feet haven't changed.  Why should our shoes have to?  The designers of this shoe have known for decades what the rest of the world is just now figuring out: too much of a good thing is not a good thing.", "I purchased these Nikes for a friend overseas and was thrilled that they were the REAL thing (i.e., not a copy from China).  The price was the same as on the NIKE website but they were delivered FREE in two days thanks to my Prime membership!  I am very happy with this purchase!", "Bought this pair of shoes for my wife because hers were getting worn out. I use the Pegasus 26+ myself and have nothing but the highest regard for this series of shoes. So, when she needed a pair of shoes, getting the ladies version was a no-brainer.The color that I got for her was the bright purple version. It was a bit too 'loud' for her liking but it was the only color available for her size. She does some casual running, probably about 10km a week. Not too much, but enough to keep her active.Delivery was not an issue. Prompt and no hassles.I would recommend this shoe for ladies who want a comfort running shoe.", "I bought this shoe about a year ago, I used it for walking every morning. It's so comfortable and offers the shock absorbency that I needed for walking/jogging I do. They also have great arch support!!  I use the past tense because my teenage daughter borrowed them and I never saw them again. She uses them for her sports like running, jogging, soccer, etc. I am buying another pair so I can enjoy them again too! Awesome cross training shoe! You won't be sorry!", "I love the shoe itself but when I tried to order this particular color I was told it was not available and had to get a different color. I really hate when people advertise that they have a product when in fact they don't.", "Nike Air Pegasus+ 28 are very comfortable shoes. Unfortunately they are running a little bit small in size. I realize it when it was too late to return them - I wore them outside. I would buy them again if they would have calmer colors. I wish it would have more toe protection.", "A very good shoe. Just remember that it a little shorter than most in the requested size. Have worn the pegasus for a long time.", "I tried on about 40 pairs of running shoes before realizing I loved these (they were the second pair of those 40 btw).. I had salespeople in a big box store giving me the eye - you know that look, the one that says \"You've been here far too long, please get out\". After buying them, I let these shoes sit in my room for a couple days, staring at them in bewilderment because they are the first hot pink item I have ever owned, the first non-black shoe, and the first pair of Nike's to ever grace my feet.. We had an adjustment period. Then, everything got on my nerves and I had to run.So there's me, in solid black clothes and gleaming white and fuschia shoes, internet radio blaring in my ears, 103 degree Texas sun trying to kill me, surgically rebuilt knee just waiting for me to land wrong so it can give me grief for days, and we went. I hadn't been running for about three weeks and had pretty much just been drinking my face off that whole time, so yes, it ached.. Yes, I might've thrown up on the side of the road in front of people on their morning commute, and yes, my thighs were on fire after .3 miles.. But it was a different fire than before. This was a fire that said RUN FATTIE! RUN FASTER! STOP INSULATING YOUR INNER HOT CHICK WITH MOUNTAINS OF FLAB AND GO ALREADY! YOU CAN WEAR A BIKINI IN THE WINTER IN TEXAS! IT'LL STILL BE 90 DEGREES!! So for the first time ever, I ran 2 miles (usually I do a walk/run interval program) and when I made it back to the house 25 minutes later, drenched in my own juices and screaming on a cellular level for water, MY LEGS AND FEET FELT GOOD.. No better than good, they felt STRONG.I would love to take credit for that feeling and say that I felt that way because I'm totally ripped and take care of myself, but last night I had three cups of coffee and a cupcake for dinner. It was these shoes. And apparently, they have the capability to tell you just how awesome they are all by themselves (although I have no idea what Nike + is) so you don't even need me. But since there are only four other reviews, I feel like you do. You want to run more than you realize, and these shoes can and will let you know that. But yknow, you have to buy them first :)", "awesome arch support.  my feet don't hurt even after working a 12 hour shift.  I won't ever buy any other work shoes again.  And they lasted almost a year before the support broke down down.  They are washable; I washed them  a couple times a month and they tolerated it just fine.  Love the colors, too... I had the turquoise/light blue shoes and have never gotten so many positive comments on a pair of shoes (from men and women alike).  Looking for another pair now!", "I bought this shoe for fitness class. Light shoe, true to size, great support for aerobics! I would buy again.", "I bought these before a solid decade of running two miles a day. I put miles and miles and miles on these shoes. As a daily runner, I had to have back up shoes and got other brands. Other Nikes. No other shoe has ever compared and I'm so glad to find my old Pegasus's again since that first pair I got finally had to be taken out back and shot due to old age.Incidentally, the reason I first got them is because I had two weeks to train for the cop test and asked a sales person \"Do you have...MAGIC sneakers?\" and these are what they recommended.The. Best. Shoe. EVER.", "I have numerous feet problems and love the cushion of the Pegasus!  The fact that it has the Nike + that I can hook up to my ipod is even better.  I love the fact that I can log my walks!", "Afterward checking (and try)different brands, I chose Nike; this are my first nike shoes and I must confess, no regrets about it. This model is very confortable and light, its design does not hurts my feet and are very proper for jogging as a hobby, (I haven't used them for long runing yet).Despite of the fact that in another review it is said, the size is one smaller, based on my personal experience, I can say there is no diference in comparison with the shoe size from other brands I've got.I recommend go to the shop, try on the same model you like, and check your size before buying.I Widely recomend Nike Pegasus FitSole 28...", "I was on vacation and forgot my good ol' Nike Pegasus running shoes.  I did some comparison shopping with other brands, some quick online research, and bought the new Nike Air Pegasus 28's.  Wow!  What a comfortable running shoe!  It is light weight and there is more cushion added under my heel and the ball of my foot.  I was really blown away with the improvement over the last Pegasus model which I liked.  As some other reviews have noted, I did go up a half a size over what I normally wear.  The only slight negative I can come up with is the blue laces but I can easily swap them out with the white laces from my old shoes so no biggie.", "4E wide feet there aren't many options to choose from in the athletic shoe department.  I have been wearing New Balance shoes for YEARS.  I love New Balance shoes, I know a 10.5 4E New Balance will fit me no matter what style it is.  I sometimes even wear a 2E in New Balance.  But I just wanted something a little different than same old New Balance.Well most of the Nike in 4E are just plain ugly and look like they make them specially for an outlet store or something.  Not these Air Pegasus, they look and feel very nice.  Nike's always ran small from what I remember and these are just a tad snug compared to my New Balance, but it could have to do with them being brand new.  Walking around in them they are SUPER comfortable and feel like pillows of awesome on my feet.  Highly recommended, if they continue to wear nicely then I might think of picking up another color if they get them in the 4E size.", "This is a perfect shoe for most runners. There is more than enough support (especially in the midfoot), so if you have flat feet, there won't be any problems. While there is alot of cushion, the Pegasus is still a lightweight shoe. If you are a runner who plans on doing any type of speedwork, this shoe can take care of those needs. In fact, most top collegiate running programs sponsored by nike offer this shoe to their athletes because of its versatility. The shoe is also durable. I've been using the Pegasus for over a year and my last two pairs lasted for over 350 miles with no injury. Bottom line, plenty of stability with a lightweight ride.", "I bought the Nike Pegasus +28 from another store, but I wanted to warn buyers from Amazon that these Nikes run a half size small compared to Reeboks or Asics. I normally wear a 10 4E and had to move up to a 10.5 4E for a more comfortable fit.The Pegasus feels comfortable and I'm anxious to really test them out. The picture shows a really nice looking shoe, but out of the box, it's a really, REALLY nice looking shoe!A couple of things keep this from rating 5 stars, the width could be a little wider and I wish the Pegasus had reflectors on them. I plan to do early morning running and the added visibility would be  a lot safer for runners.", "Long time New Balance fan, got a good deal on these.  I walk about 15 miles a week. Old New Balance were a little tight @11.5EEEE, so ordered these in a 12EEEE. I wish I would have ordered 11.5EE. These are a little big, but they still feel great. I'm even starting to run more in these.", "I am currently serving a tour in Iraq and I was in dying need of some new running shoes. So one night I decided to browse online to compair prices and I came upon this deal that I knew I couldn't pass up, not only did it came with in 2 weeks but the product was just the same as it was in the picture and discribtion. I would definitely buy from this seller again! Thank you Sucream!", "When getting ready to go out for a work out we think about comfortable clothing and the same thought comes to mind when you choose what shoes to wear? The most appropriate for the occasion would be shoes that don't make your feet hurt or cause you to have blisters. Going through many shoes deciding whether they make me feel satisfied with my purchase I found Nike Running shoes that answered all my questions relating to whether they are worth spending your money on, the comfort of the shoe, and durability.Worth Purchasing: 10/10Purchasing Nike shoes would be a good product to look into buying because of the variety. Many people would go with other brands because they are less expensive. But if they would think about comparing the prices, then you will realize that you are paying around the same price. Think about it this way you buy a pair of a different brand shoes because the shoes are less expensive. They approximately will only last about three months or more depending on how much you put them to use. Making you spend around thirty to forty dollars. Going on one year cost you would buy three pairs a year and pay an estimated amount of ninety to one hundred and twenty dollars. Now going to Nike running shoes they are high priced compared to the other brands but if you where to buy a pair of Nike shoes you would only need to buy one pair a year depending on the use or even last a couple of months more. The price would be estimated from fifty to two hundred dollars. Giving that each time you go for the different brand shoes you would need to spend money for gas, will consume your time if you're an occupied person, and you would have to pay taxes on each transaction. When going for Nike shoes you would only go and pay taxes once. Nike shoes are appropriate for all ages and come in different shoe sizes while other brands only make shoes for certain ages or shoes sizes, which gives you a small amount of selection. The Nike shoes also comes in different styles and colors if you are a person who likes to match their shoes with the clothing used for your workouts this would be a good product to look into purchasing because of the variety.Comfort: 10/10Having the right shoes helps from how you feel at the beginning, throughout, and at the end of the workout. The material of what the shoe is made of is to create comfort on your feet. Given that with every step you take you have balance. Nike shoes have different features some are for running or training and selecting which ones would fit best would be up to the buyer because each one has more features. For me there was not a doubt having come out of knee surgery and starting therapy I needed a shoe that met all my needs from comfort to stability. The feature that benefited me the most would be the good heal support which took a lot of the impact off my knee and my arches on my feet feel well after a good workout that usually consists of runs and sprints to hikes on mountains.Durability: 10/10Nike running shoes from personal experience last a longer, because of the good material they are made of; the sole of the shoe is strong and durable. Making the shoe have a good grip on which ever surface the shoes are used on. They are also machine washable which makes it easy to clean and would not rip easily because of the fabric they are made from. The flexibility the  Nike shoe holds also helps because the shoe is not shift like other shoe brands that when you wear them they start to wear out, mostly on the parts where your feet have more motion creating creases that soon lead to rips.In my opinion Nike running shoes are a product to buy because it is worth the money you spend on, they bring comfort while working out, and they will last long. These shoes give you the confidence to go on your workout without worries that they might have been the wrong choice. When purchasing your next pair of shoes weight out your options and you will see that Nike running shoes are the most beneficial product.", "can't beat the reliable Nike Pegasus for comfort and fit; stores do not carry these as they sell out; luckily Amamzon had it. True fit.", "I just picked these shoes up for an incredible price!  I'm not a runner, but like a good, light-weight shoe when working out that feels good and looks good.  Saw these before a few weeks ago, then found them on sale and tried on again (yellow/grey).  I like fit/feel, but agree with the other reviewer that they run 1/2 size small.  I normally wear 10.5, but the 11 fit better.  Great shoe from Nike!", "I have been running on Nike Pegasus for 10 years--each time I buy new running shoes, I buy these.  They have become even more lightweight in recent years and continue to have excellent stability, cushion, and durability.  I have used them to train for both mid-distance (5k's) and long (marathons).  Highly recommended.They're typically $90 in store and rarely go on sale, so this price is fairly average.", "After seven months of running an average of 4 miles per day including a half marathon, these shoes are still comfortable and supportive. Very little structural damage has been incurred, which could not be said for previous Nike running shoes that I have used. The big toe cover has no hole in it! I'm thinking seriously about getting a second pair if only I could find a wide version here. That's all. I'm going running now.", "Don't even waste your time, instead get a pair of New Balance shoes. Another thing that irked me about these shoes is that an area that was originally exposed mesh is now covered with a layer of translucent plastic which restricts breatheability.", "These are a great great running shoe very comfy, light light light!!wore them straight outta the box for quick 5miler no breaking in required was great.very breathable. I usually run in the Nike vomero 6 which are my babies!!!got a pressie of these and am very happy I may be converted to a new style. Would highly recommend them for long distance running for sure I run on my ling runs 22+mile and they are like a glove. On another note no no no on the lunar glide, soooooo narrow and uncomfortable waste of time and money.", "Super \"springy\" when comparing to my free-runs and I like it. I am a woman but bought men's 10.5 since they fit me best. Wide in the forefoot which is perfect for my wide feet, since I have had problems with plantar fasciitis, metatarsalgia and taylor's bunion. I feel like I can run again in these and don't feel that I'm pounding my soles too much.", "SRLA introduced me to these amazing shoes, and they are super comfortable. It was very nice of Nike to have had donated them or I don't know what they did but they did it, I used them very well and I ran with them on the 2012 LA Marathon. Since the marathon they are pretty worn out, but I am planning on buying another pair.", "I love these shoe. I'm on here looking for another pair of the exact same type. I've used these shoes in several road races as well as at the same time daily use. They are now so loved and worn that I'm not sure they'll be too terribly comfortable in my next 10k 2 weeks from now. I like these so much that I bought Pegasus 29's too. I've done road races in them too but I don't prefer them as much.", "Bought these at the local Nike store a few months back, and they are great. Went back to buy more and they switched style which didn't feel as comfortable. I have plantar fasciitis and wearing these made it feel like I was walking on air. Great shoe", "I am using these shows to train for a marathon. It is lightweight enough for some basic speed workouts but provides enough cushioning for those long runs as well. I really recommend these shoes.", "I have been through 4 pairs of Nike all ending with holes in the soles, this last pair I bought less than 6 mos ago, $ 109., and they too have a hole in the sole just like the first 3 pairs.  Done w Nike", "A real \"step up\" after years of using basic running shoes.  Light, cushiony feel seems to help plantar fasciitis.  Also better than the basic shoes, I think, for my new effort to run further forward on my foot.", "I would recommend this to anyone whom I like ;-).I love the way it feels when I jog. I am glad I bought these.", "Grandson needed some new running shoes for track and cross country training.  Traced thes as a great pair and they have met all his expectations.  Arrived as ordered, on time and in excellent condition.", "I bought these shoes about a month before my marathon, trained in them 4 or 5 times before the race, and wore them for the race. I am 5 ft 10, 170 pounds and I ran a 3:55 marathon with no issue from my shoes. They are very comfortable, decent cushion and no blisters. A solid buy.", "Fit perfectly! Exactly like the pictures! Very cool! I love them! And it's cheap too! Very good product. I recommend it!", "Love the look of these shoes.  They have the classic Converse look with the unmistakable Nike swoosh, which IMO makes them look way better than any pair of canvas Converse.  I personally find them extremely comfortable, but if you are using them for anything but casual use, be careful!There is absolutely no ankle support as one can expect from such a low top shoe; but there is even less than normal due to the thin canvas the shoe is made out of.  Also because of this thin canvas, the life of the shoe is very short with moderate use.  I would say my pair was worn out within two months of wearing them 3-5 times a week.  This is the main reason I gave them 3 stars.  Had the life been a bit longer, these shoes are most definitely a 4 star pair.", "Love these sneakers! They have seen many different types of workouts (I am a fad exerciser) but they have held up during my indoor running phase, my Zumba phase, and even a few hikes. Also, I am constantly getting compliments on the color! I would buy these again in a heartbeat!", "I'm a long-time Nike shoe fan and thought these were just the thing to add to my collection.  Wore them for a 3 mile walk on the treadmill and noticed blisters on both heels, but very high up on the back of my achiles tendons. Fluke, I thought.  Put them aside and wore my others for a while.  When the blisters healed, I tried again.  Shorter walk this time, and ended up BLEEDING through my socks onto the shoe!  My bad, it's what I get for buying on the web without trying them on first locally.None of my other shoes do this, so it's just my bad luck.  Thing is, the heel cup does seem to come up higher on the back of my foot to the achiles tendon.Off to Runner's World I go.... sorry Amazon.", "I did not buy these from an Amazon seller which really does not matter. If you run or plan on running DO NOT BUY THESE. In the first wearing they began to create blisters on the back of my ankles. Unslightly bruising especially during the summer. Upside is they are light weight.", "I've had these shoes for a couple of years now.  I bought them after a trip to Famous Footwear, where I tried on every pair of Nikes (and a couple of other brands of athletic shoes) in the place.  I was looking to replace an older pair of Nikes and was very particular about the amount of cushioning under the ball of my foot.  None of the other Nikes had the right sort of \"bounce\" to them in that area, nor did any of the other brands of shoes, but this pair had exactly what I was looking for.Some background: I don't actually use these for running (I can't run because I have a bad right knee).  I do use them for jogging/walking intervals on my treadmill, for my Urban Rebounder, for step aerobics, for weight lifting workouts (e.g., P90X, including Plyometrics), and for martial-arts-based cardio DVDs (e.g., Les Mills Combat).  With respect to high-impact aerobic activities, I feel like these really do an excellent job of cushioning and supporting my feet, with effects that extend all the way up the leg -- I don't get any knee pain from jumping around.I have average-sized feet and these are the perfect width for me.  Unlike some of the other reviewers, I have not had any issues with the backs of my ankles with these shoes.  I typically wear them with thin, ankle-high socks.They fit appropriately, but there's a little vertical room.  This is great because I usually put inserts in the shoes to help with my plantar fasciitis.  The shoes still fit quite well with the inserts in.These shoes are also holding up after several years of use.  The only thing I'm not thrilled with is the color (I have the gray and neon pink ones; personally would've preferred mostly white), but since I pretty much only work out when I'm alone in my living room, I can live with that.", "These by far are the most comfortable shoes I have ever purchased!  I did not buy them because of them being a walking shoe, I purchased them because I have had several surgeries on my one foot and these were the most comfortable.  After several months of searching and probably a hundred shoes that I tried on, and I am so glad I found these.  I purchased a total of 4 pair (2 in black and 2 in white), only because I know if they stop making these I will be out of luck again.  The price is a little high, but considering how comfortable they are I can't complain!  I recomend these shoes to anyone who is looking for a comfortable shoe to wear!  I have worn the one pair of black ones every single day (I have to wear them to work) for the past 2 1/2 years and they still are comfortable and held up very well!  Well worth the money! Love them, Love them, Love them!", "I got these shoes initially because they are the ones recommended on the race/power walking web sites.  (The soles of 'regular' sports shoes are not formed to accomodate the rolling foot motion needed in race walking.)I'll have to say these are some of the most comfortable shoes I've found!You can't tell it in the picture, but in the heel/sole of this shoe there are little spongey 'thingys' that cushion your steps, making walking on a hard surface, such as asphalt, more comfortable.In addition to that, the heel portion of the sole is shaped so that when trying to race walk, the 'roll' of the foot needed for proper form in race walking is easier to accomplish.So - race walking aside, these shoes are quite comfortable and I'm glad I got them!", "Being a huge Nike sneaker fan I found this shoes to be another great Nike product.  The shoes are very comfortable and stylish.  If your looking for a solid white sneaker, like I was, these are a great purchase.  The sneakers are light-weight and breathable also.", "It's a good looking shoe if you want a bulky sneaker. It's all white which I wanted but not super comfy.", "Elderly family member tried these on in a department store before buying. Very, very comfortable for her- her first pair of walking/athletic shoes in her life! Fits narrow feet very well, runs true to size.", "I need well fitting comfortable sneaker for walking, in good price range!!11/9/13i just walked in them, my right heel on the inner aspect is not supportive,hence had to put in a medial wedge /heel only,now it is comfortable.May be the right sneaker is defective", "I chose this rating because these sneakers fit well, give great support, and are very comfortable. Well worth the price.", "These shoes are my favorite everyday shoe.  I have gone through 3 pairs within a few years and they hold up exceptionally well.  They have seen me through everything from the gym to the amusement parks with no blisters or leg/feet problems.", "Excellent purchase, the color, the height and the finished ones they are of very good quality, for what I grant an excellent qualification", "As described.  Bought for my daughter who is playing field hockey.  Good fit, but I don't know about hold up yet.", "Our 9-yr old boy has been playing soccer in his school team for about 5 years now. In that time he has come a long way about passing and shooting, and scored a few goals.As kids grow so fast, we keep shopping for soccer gear all year round: shorts, shirts, shingle guards, socks, and of course, shoes.These shoes appealed to our kid, since he's had many Nike before, and the Mercurials are still in high demand for their looks comfort, and performance features.These shoes are last year's model, so Amazon sold them at some discount, which made them worth buying for us, for they-re still up to this year's standards and style, just in a different color combination. IOur 9-yr old boy has been playing soccer in his school team for about 5 years now. In that time he has come a long way about passing and shooting, and scored a few goals.As kids grow so fast, we keep shopping for soccer gear all year round: shorts, shirts, shingle guards, socks, and of course, shoes.These shoes appealed to our kid, since he's had many Nike before, and the Mercurials are still in high demand for their looks comfort, and performance features.These shoes are last year's model, so Amazon sold them at some discount, which made them worth buying for us, for they-re still up to this year's standards and style, just in a different color combination. I enjoy very much the fact that these shoes are very visible from the distance, so when I go to watch my kid in a soccer match, I can tell him from other kids from really far.All things considered, our kid will likely outgrow these shoes before they're worn beyond usability, but he'll enjoy top performing shoes for another six months or so, and we'll enjoy saving ourselves some money for the next ones.Amazon delivered these shoes really fast, even though we used the free supersaver shipping. That makes for another extra good deal. Good going, Amazon,!All things considered, our kid will likely outgrow these shoes before they're worn beyond usability, but he'll enjoy top performing shoes for another six months or so, and we'll enjoy saving ourselves some money for the next ones.Amazon delivered these shoes really fast, even though we used the free supersaver shipping. That makes for another extra good deal. Good going, Amazon,!", "I ordered size 13s, but I should've gone with 13.5.  It's tight in the toes.  Otherwise the cushioning and support are good", "Ordered theses for my son and he was very much satisfied w/ my purchase. He keep asking for the high top but you guys didn't carry them. They where also a lot cheaper than going to foot locker.", "The photo showed a deeper pink-purple color when I purchased it, but then after purchasing, it showed a different photo (lighter pink). And then I received the lighter pink color. I definitely liked the other color better, but I guess I'll keep them. They don't stay on that great, but most baby shoes don't I guess!", "We got a pair of these for last summer with our 11 month old who was just beginning to walk. They fit perfectly (at least, on our little one's feet) and never fell off. Because of the type of fabric, they didn't create any redness or abrasions. They are super light weight, which is nice for little feet (some shoes are so heavy, they have a hard time picking their legs up), but also offer toe protection. We loved them so much, we're getting another pair for this summer!As for the color: I'm pretty sure they only come in one shade of pink - which is a hot pink color. Even though the color looks darker in this picture. If you go to Nike's website and check look through the options, they come in pink/black, pink/pink, purple/purple, & black/black, grey/black in boys section. SO, if you're looking for this darker shade, you maybe disappointed.The only thing I don't like is that they are $30. Will definitely be buying a used pair off ebay instead.", "The shoe fits good but the strap is too short. My little one still has room in the shoe but the strap is barely holding the velcro together.", "Nike Structures are a stability shoe and best suited for those with pronation issues that cause things like PF. After a year off running because of an improperly fitted neutral shoe and resulting Plantar Fasciitis, my PT recommended this model and I have been running in it ever since. I have found that some of Nike's shoes are fashion only, but this is a performance shoe that will be great for you if you are a middle distance runner with a tendency to over pronate. I should say that I also removed the foot bed and inserted a more supportive one by Super Feet.", "This shoe is comfortable and looks great. It does run a little small so I'd recommend getting a half size bigger than you normally do.", "yes, it's totally \"out there\" and massively fuchsia...but i get nothing but compliments!regardless...that is NOT why i love them.it is because nike has, once again, gotten the structure thing right!my foot feels like it's \"home\" when i wear these, which is every day.if you find your size, get it twice, because you'll be wishing you had when they start to wear out!", "I just ordered these and got them in the mail, they fit perfect and i LOVE the colors!! I haven't ran in them yet but I know they will be great!!", "Nike Air Max Moto have been my choice of running shoe for over 10 years. After receiving a recommendation from a running store in 2001, I have continued to buy the latest version of this shoe and have yet to be disappointed.These shoes provide a great fit and endure harsh conditions and treatment. A good shoe for your workout or just to wear.", "excelente producto de muy buena calidad, el vendedor es muy puntual y responsable al momento de la entrega, lo recomiendo ampliamente, saludos desde venezuela", "I bought this pair of shoes about a month ago. Feel very comfortable when I wear them.The design is beautiful and price is reasonable. Received the product in a timely manner.", "This particular model/year fits me and feels great. It's designed/preferred by fatter people, I'm 160 6'3&#34; and I like it cause I run Ultra Marathons so all that extra padding and shock keeps my feet comfy. If your looking at this then you already know you like it so yea, get em while they last.", "They arrived a full day before the estimated arrival date.  This was the first time I've purchased shoes on amazon and I gotta admit I wash little nervous about the fit. I've been lucky so far with the work boots I've bought, and I gotta say these Nike's couldn't have fit better if I'd have tried them on in the store.", "I haven't had athletic shoes that fit me this well in years, and they look great too! I wear a size 12 and my feet are narrow so I have a really hard time finding a good fit. These shoes exceeded my expectation by far!", "I walk for my job and waking up in the morning with bad feet was annoying. These shoes are great and have great support. I have not had any aching after the day is over. Consider this: I walk from 9-5 some times more 6 days. Its been a month and I wanted to let people know that the shoes are still \"together\" no problems with them falling apart and having to return. Also I would like to say that I have flat feet. So if that helps anyone.", "de excelente calidad, muy bonitas, son muy comodas, me encantan... las recomiendo altamente, el envio fue rapido, y el precio muy bueno", "These shoes run small. My big toe was hitting the end of the shoe so it made it uncomfortable. I ended up returning the shoe. Cute looking shoe but very disappointed.", "I bought this shoe for my daughter and she loves it. It fit perfectly and it is very comfortable. I will recommend this shoe.", "Nice comforble tennis shoes for running and walking. Like the style and colors couldn't ask for more was just hoping on thbe price it could be lower", "I'm very pleased with my Nike Dart 9 shoes.....I Will order again soon... I even told my sisters to order...Thanks so much", "This is my favorite shoe.  It fits well, has good support and does very well when I work out at the gym.  Good shoe!", "Bought these for my daughter-in-law and she loved them.  Very nice product and was shipped very quickly. More than met expectations.", "Very light weight and comfortable after all day wear.  I think I'll buy another pair for when these wear out.  True to size.", "Absolutely Love these shoes. They are exactly what is described and fit like a glove. Love the color got alot of compliments and most important they are comfortable. Highly Recommend :)", "super comfortable, love them! The fit is great and they don't make your feet look big, this is my second pair and I will keep buying them!!", "Muy bueno el producto, original , de calidad y muy buena eficiencia a la hora de entregarlo , muy puntuales", "I love these shoes. They always fit and have the right support under the ball of my foot. Heaven forbid that Nike would discontinue making this type of walking shoe. This model is a bit different than the others, but feels and wears the same as the other five pairs I've worn out.", "are excellent shoes, nike congratulate the company for putting this wonderful model sale of footwear. many thanks, greetings from Caracas Venezuela.", "I love these shoes. They were a bit narrow but I just tied them a little bit looser and they stretched out to my foot. I love the look and style of them.", "I have a hard time finding shoes that fit. I have neuropathy and most shoes hurt my feet but the Dart 9 running shoe is great. I walked in them the first day I got them and they didn't feel like a new shoe.", "I work on my feet all day, so it's extremely important to me that my shoes be comfortable. These fit amazing, and just hug my feet! They did need a little breaking in the first day, but that's to be expected with most shoes. After that, they've been nothing but a dream.Nike never disappoints me, though. They're the only sneaker I buy, anymore :)", "This shoe fits very well and is extremely light weight.  The look is clean.  I have used this shoe at the gym for the past week and have had no issues.", "The UPPER of these Nike Women's Dart 9 Running sneakers are made of lightweight breathable mesh.  These sneakers have an attractive clean look - white with bright violet and metallic silver colorway (for greater visibility when running in the dark).I like these light running shoes - the breathable mesh definitely keeps my feet cooler during a workout.The rubber OUTSOLE has a waffle pattern for greater traction and durability and, the beveled heel provides a lightweight, cushioned impact.  I find the outsole and heel effective in absorbing shocks while jogging/running, especially on hard surfaces.The Nike Women's Dart 9 Running sneakers are affordably priced, running shoes with a well cushioned, supportive fit.Check around for these Nike women's Dart 9 running shoes ... the price varies on Amazon.REVIEWED BY A FAMILY MEMBERHope this review was helpful ... Jeffrey A. (Jeff)", "I am always happy with Nike shoes and these are no different. The color was great and the fit was perfect as usual", "Too good I'd say ... tremendous product. 100% original. 100% recommended. So I give it 5 stars and if you could give her 10 stars", "I had to resell it because it was too small, don't represent the real size that they sell. It must be realistic", "I love these shoes!  They are great looking, very comfortable and reasonably priced.  I have received many compliments on them.  Also, they were easy to order and delivery was prompt.", "I'm on my feet for a long time, having high arches I found I was able to be on my feet for long periods of time without my feet hurting too much....", "I bought a 9 Medium US and when I first got them they were quite tight, so I was kind of upset. But I do run in them and walk with them after swimming.I never feel hot in these. They keep my feet cool and are comfortable.They come directly as the picture shows.They're tight in the beginning - I am not saying order a size up because they will become more loose. So if you do order these don't panic because they will conform eventually.", "This is my &#34;go to&#34; shoe.  I like Nike shoes in general because they are well-made and lightweight.  I wear this shoe a lot and it is very comfortable.  It is true to size.", "WAs looking for a lightweight shoe for working out, running, eliptical, cycling...etc.  This shoe is lightweight and has a breathable upper (which is really nice).  Again, the most important factor was a lightweght shoe which it is.  Traction is good and overall appearance is nice.  I would have ordered 1/2 size up if it was available, but maybe because the shoe is new and my feet are a tad wide.  I have no problems recommending this shoe for general workout training.", "i wish the laces were longer.they are nice and light.they fit just way i wanted them.the price was just right", "Product is fine. Fair quality but I'm not sure 50 dollars is for much more than the brand name. Completely satisfied. Just wanted some tennis shoes that wouldn't fall apart after a couple of months of cleaning and working in the yard.", "are just perfect for walkingtrainningi will used to to outdoors to go to north part of PeruCombine them with jogging pants, jeans or shortsso so comfrtable and the orange details are just neonthe size fits perfect", "Nike never disappoints my as far as fit, durability and style.  This company is the only athletic shoe that fits my foot at the heal.  I would recommend this shoe.", "I love this shoes and would buy again from buyer.I would recomend this buyer to my friends and family.I loved it", "Excelente estos zapatos, c&oacute;modos y frescos. Son perfectos para las personas que tienen que caminar horas durante el d&iacute;a. .", "I was looking for shoes for my mom and these caught my eye! When they arrived they were perfect size and color.my mom loved them and said they feel great! Would definitely buy another pair, plus it's hard finding good shoes online.", "These are the best pair of all around walking/exercising shoes I've purchased in the past several years - true to size, great comfort, and good durability.  Seller shipped quickly!", "Nike Dart 9. Not what I expected. But they will do for now. Looking for walking shoes, not really comfortable but will work until I find the right one. Not bad for the priceMaybe another brand besides Nike will work. Thanks Amazon you make shopping a lot easier", "This Nike shoe is just what I ordered.  It is a good value, fits well and works with my orthotics  I will buy this shoe again.", "these shoes are amazing they fit great!!!!! I love them!!!!!!!!! they look great and feel really comfortable!!!! and the price was great too!", "These shoes are comfortable and are exactly what I wanted at the perfect price.  I received them fast and the packaging was perfect.", "They fit great true to size but would recommend going a size up if your wearing thick socks with them.", "LOVE these shoes!  Comfortable, great fit.I use for power walking, and casual wear as well.Support is great. Highly recommend!", "I walk about 4 miles a day.  This shoe has great support and offers balance.  Nothing is going to ever be perfect for me because of my own personal &#34;foot&#34; issues...but these shoes do the job as well as can be expected.", "Gotten compliments but best of all they for perfect look great and are wicked comfortable! They go with any workout gear, honestly!", "These shoes are just what I wanted.  Light weight, comfortable and perfect for the exercise I do.  I don't run but do cardio workouts and zumba.  I plan to do a lot of walking in them on our vacation. They are roomy enough for my orthodics  and the inner sole comes out with ease.", "I've only worn there shoes once, for several hours of walking at school/work. They look so good, but after an hour or so of wearing them my left heel got the worst blisters! The back of the shoe would rub against my heel and I've never had this happen with another running shoe. I guess I'll try to break them in because I love the way they look.", "I really like the fit and the look of the shoe on my grandsons foot thanks for the good pricing and fast shipping.", "Exterior looks nice but the inside sole looks like my 2 year old glued it in. I don't think they would have sold this one in the store.", "My son is 2 1/2  he loves these shoes, this is his second pair.  He wears them all summer. Great shoe.", "I have purchased two pairs of these for my kids and I'm searching for a third in the next size up.  They are easy to get on, breathable, very durable and seem comfortable.  The sole is pliable and curves up, around the the toes to protect better than most sandals.  Great for water activities too.I highly recommend the Nike Sunray Protect!", "Although it is a bit large to my kid whose feet is smaller than 15cm now. And I think when the summer is coming,it can fit him. He likes it a lot.The color and the quality is as good as described online.", "The shoes are cute but I like the sperrys much better.The price of the Nikes was a little more than I think they are worth.", "Very good Nike shoes excellent quality and originals, comfortable, the color and the design is exactly the same as the picture", "Compr&eacute; estos zapatos para regalo de un familiar. Los colores son muy bnitos e inteson y de acuerdo a la opini&oacute;n de quien los usa son muy c&oacute;modas y confortables. Los recomiendo.", "I bought this from a shoe store at a crazy discount and thought to give it a pessimistic try. it is the best work shoe i have ever owned to date and i am looking for another pair but can't seem to find it anywhere! I work night shift and do a whole lot of work on my feet but thanks to these gel-soft shoes i am able to handle the work loads easier. The shoe itself is almost feather weight and it is almost as soft as a stress ball you would find in a toy store but this shoe is stronger as heck! i have gone through many shoes from my job and it boggles my mind how the softest shoe is actually also the strongest. I really wish they would sell these again and in more colors so i can buy one my cycling weekends and another for work too!", "This is the best i'm super super excited it is everything and then some. the seller was on point with everything. they are very comfortable and unique. very professional seller. lookimg forward for more great stuff.", "Love them but the 6 fits small n i wear a 6 and i have other air max n their all size 6 and they fit just right", "Air Max 95 the best shoes Nike ever made! These shoes are very nice and they came very quickly . Now they are different because usually the gray part of the shoe is suede - like but these are not some other material. But everywhere I go people ask me where did I get them. The price you CanNot beat. Buy them!", "This was a gift for my son and he loved it,very good price and good fit. I was very pleased with this purchase.", "very comfortable shoes. The water shield is nice it also serves as a dirt shield lol. I live in the country and very dusty. Its nice that dirt and dust does not \"seep in\" the shoe and get my feet dusty!", "The shoes run small and narrow. Not much arch support. The toe box doesn't have much padding for soccer. For the money there are probably better deals on Amazon.", "they are a very good value, the last and are good for school sports. It is the second time my son buys them", "ME ENCANTO ESTE PRODUCTO PORQUE TIENE UNA EXCELENTE PRESENTACION, EMBALAJE PERFECTO, Y EL VENDEDOR ES HONESTO Y RESPONSABLE CON LO OFRECIDO", "Love these shoes but they do run a little big so I would order a half to a full size smaller. It's weird because my other nike 6.0's run true to size but these don't. Besides the fit, these shoes are awesome, they feel and look sick.", "Fake Nike canvas shoes. Does not come in original box. You can see where another brand logo was inside the shoe. It was poorly scraped off.  Dont buy shoes off of the internet! Especially from HERE......", "The shoes were for my son and they were PERFECT!! Great look and perfect fit.  Very Pleased!! I will be sure to always check this site again.", "The UPPER of these 'Nike Dart VIII' sneakers are made of lightweight breathable mesh with metallic silver colorway (for greater visibility when running in the dark).I like these light running shoes. Although, my feet don't sweat, the 'Nike Dart VIII' breathable mesh definitely keeps my feet cooler during a workout.The OUTSOLE has a waffle pattern for greater traction and durability and, the beveled heel provides a lightweight, cushioned impact.I find the outsole and heel effective in absorbing shocks while jogging/running, especially on hard surfaces.SEE MY PHOTOS IN CUSTOMER IMAGESThe 'Dart VII series' are affordably priced, running shoes with a well cushioned, supportive fit.I easily converted my into a pair of Nike+ running shoes.  Now, my 'Nike Dart VIII' can monitor my workout using the Nike App on my iPod Touch just as good as expensive Nike+ sneakers.  I laced theGrantwood Technology Shoe Pouchonto the left sneaker to fit myApple iPod Wireless In-Shoe Sensor.  It's that simple!These 'Nike Dart VIII' sneakers are comfortable and versatile - 5 STARSHope this review was helpful ...Jeffrey A. (Jeff)", "This is one good looking sneaker, only thing that I wish was that I had tried it on in the store first. They suggest to order 1/2 size larger, I think one size larger is better to be safe. Otherwise a great purchase.", "I love these sneakers because they are very comfortable, and they move when you want to move. they are great for just wearing, running, or exercising.", "This was came as advertised and my girlfriend was very happy with the sneakers, the size and the color. Would recommend.", "The shoe is of good quality but the nike signature inside the shoe fades away. After I first wore the shoe i realised that that the nike signature started to fade away.The quality is very good but it still leaves me contemplating whether the shoe is of 100% genuine standards.", "These are my new everyday shoes and I am really happy with them. I tend to wear shoes hard and these Nikes are holding up to the abuse.", "No complaints at all. I like the shade of blue that this pair of Jordans is. It goes great with a lot more than most blue shoes I'd say, at least out of my collection. Overall pleasant experience with vendor. Shipped and received on time and in perfect condition for both the shoes and the original box they came in.", "I have quite a few shoes in my collection so I've only worn these once or maybe twice since buying them months ago. I lile them however. The grey color has almost an olive green tint to it. Both shoes and original box arrived in perfect condition. Shipped and received on time.", "I am always decked out in Jordan gear. Never worn sandals before, but these are very comfortable and affordable while keeping the Jordan look.", "I love these shoes but they are very hard to find!  They are comfortable, especially if you have foot issues.  They are very supportive and cushy.", "I looove this shoes.They look amazing, and they are the most confortable! I really like them.Got them on time and in perfect confitions.", "Bought a pair from Usatf because they looked sweet. While they were comfortable and snazzy looking, they do not last very long. There's two straps that are sewn onto a little black plastic piece that is encased in the bottom of the sandal. The straps seem tare quite easily. I fixed the first one that start breaking with a cable tie, but it seems to keep taring it different spots. I would not recommend this sandal.", "First, these are ultra soft and comfortable -- for about 7 minutes. I bought them because they are one of the few flip flops that you can wear if you have wide feet.Once your foot starts to adjust to the flip flop, you can not maintain your foot on the sandal itself and you end up walking on the bare bottom of  your foot on the street. These are so flimsy they can't even keep your foot in them.Garbage.", "Needed a new pair of red gym sneakers, I knew i wanted Nikes. Looked at a few different pairs before i settled on these, wasn't sure about the dots and didnt want to pay $80 bucks. I DEFINITLY mad the right choice!! These are one of the most comfotable pairs of sneakers i have ever had! The insoles are super soft & cushiony!!! Spending $80 bucks on sneakers when they are this nice isnt so bad! Oh yea, the dots look pretty cool, too!! haha!", "Toes will be suffering especially the pinky. they seem to have cement on the inside. Not good at all for lateral movements especially. I don't know how KD wears these, he must have a custom pair yet these they sell in stores will tear up you feet.", "Pros:The shoes color is pretty good and comfy.Cons:There is a little problem that sides of the shoes get wrinkled, and the inner backside looks like it will wear out fast.", "These shoes are great - a little bit on the cushiony side given all the rage of the light weight - closer to running bare foot - shoes, but they still work for me!", "Love the shoes, brand new, works great and the shipping and everything else was perfect, I enjoy using this product and recommend it.", "Excellent, Nike is Nike, no doubt about it, easy on the feet, looks great and will continue to buy this brand", "I must say that these are my favorite pair of shoes, I wear them all the time!  And they came earlier than specified!", "I swear by Nike Air Max 95's so comfortable, great height, its just perfect and the color is vivid and exactly like the photo. Everyone loves them and have asked where to buy them, I tell them &#34;Amazon&#34;, if there are any left :) Lots of compliments. Definitely recommend and will be buying more in other colors.", "Do not buy this shoe unless you want to get injured. I have been a runner for about 10 years now and have been through all sorts of shoes. I thought I'd give this shoe a try and immediately the next running I strained my right leg. I was barely even jogging.Chalking it up to bad luck, I stopped for a week and rest. When I got into a softball game the following week, I was running to catch a pop fly and POP, a huge pop was felt in hamstring. I am so happy it turned out to be a strain rather than a rupture.I have felt nothing but pain and torture running in these shoes and I will never return to a Nike shoe product again. Got new shoes, guess what? No pain. It is essentially robbery by charging such a high price for such a bad shoe knowing they are paying sweatshop kids .25 cents an hour to make them? Thieves.Buy at your own risk.", "Avoid these shoes. They are too narrow, stiff, and unstable. Probably the worst running shoes I've ever worn.On top of that, after 5 weeks running on the streets and the gym treadmill the air capsule of the right shoe broke, rendering the pair completely useless.This last thing is actually good -as I now got a pair of acsis -much, much better for running.", "They are very comfy and also stylish at the same time! I am on my feet all night at work and these air max keep my feet happy!", "I did like them but unfortunately the size run really small and they didn't fit me so I send them back.", "sooo very nice i would like to have same style in diferents color, good quality. I love my shoes. I'm buy another color", "These are even nicer in person. The information on the page does not do these shoes justice. These are so well made and are so much cheaper than going to a shoe store and purchasing a pair of Nikes. These run true to size and they will not disappoint.", "I love these. Great choice. Good quality and price. Great birthday or Christmas present. Would recommend to family and friends.", "I have 2 pairs, they are light for such a big hightop. Because they have the 360 sole, they are VERY comfortable, these are getting rare and expensive...", "These shoes are lightweight incredibly cushioned and breathe nicely.  I definitely notice the impact much less when running in these than any of my previous runners which included Nike Air Alaris +2, Saucony Grid Cohesion 4 and Asics Gel Frantic 6. I do suggest you get fitted for a pair of shoes by a professional then buy what works best for you.", "Nike went above and beyond with these shoes for the KING Lebron...they are extremely comfy and fit like a glove, true to size, great support for your arch and ankles, can't lie even better than almost all Jordans out there....love these shoes and just like Michael Jordan said back in 2003...Lebron's shoes will top mine because he is the future!!! Highly recommended to any True baller or sneakerhead in the world!!!", "these are great beach shoes and they were received in time without damage but the green was brighter than expected", "You are advised to buy one size smaller than your normal size and I confirm that this is about right; to be exact, they run about 3/4 size smaller. Of course, the sole is BRIGHT lime green, so be sure you can handle that!", "i must admit i hate water shoes. i feel the insoles always come loose and you end up throwing them out. BUT here with these shoes there is no insole. its so nice to be in a water park or the beach and not worry about my water shoes. listen these are very comfortable as i have purchased them for my girl friend as well and she uses them to simply \"chill\" in. great water shoes at a great price.. thinking of getting them????? just do it!!!!!", "This model of Nike shoe is okay. I do not like the white colored toe because it gets dirty very quickly.", "Delivery was quick so no problems there.As for the shoe, I couldn't be happier. Mainly used at the gym indoors but stands out when running outdoors. Definitely benefiting from the dynamic stability as I am an under-pronator. Heel cup gives the shoe a snug feeling which is a plus.Overall opinion - impressed.", "I received the shoes days before I was told by amazon to expect them. When I opened the box that the shoes were sent in, I found that they were in better condition than some shoe stores sell their products. The shoes fit perfectly, are extremely comfortable, and look great. In the future, I will look to buy from them over other vendors.", "I bought this pair of shoes for my daughter. The colour is unique as well as the style. She says her frieds aolso like them, so I am sure I have made a good purchase.", "Exactly what I wanted. The peach was a tad lighter than expected, but still within the color peach description. No complaints", "Fast service and comfortable shoes - good price.  The first time I ordered, I received wrong size, but I was not pleased but they fit my daughter and she likes them.", "I was very excited to receive the shoes, but when I opened the box one of the shoe was dirty. They are fake Air Force Ones... I have been ordering off Amazon for the past 3 years, and this has been my worst experience ever... I will never order from Amazon again... Very mad customer..., It doesn't deserve a full star.", "I'm so happy when I got this product. Very good quality and fits perfectly for me. Exactly what was in the product description. Fast shipping too! I'm very satisfied. Thank you Amazon.", "These are just plain awesome as far as the look. Got a great deal on them and they are as expected. May run about 1/2 size small. Also, sole is more foamy than rubber, except at the very bottom. Green on sidea may scuff.Hope they hold up. Son's favorite color being hard to find made these worth it.", "The shoes fitted well but it began to tear apart very fast and for the price I paid for a toddler shoe you would expect a little wear out of them.", "I have had 3 versions of Nike slides over the years.  The first pair finally wore completely out after 2 years of casual wear.  The second lasted 1 year.  This particular sandal, the First String Slide, has been my grab and go choice of footwear and has served as my \"house shoes\" since December 2011.  So, after 11 months of nearly daily wear, they have finally begun to give way to flattening and thinning.  For the first 6 months they were comfortable and and adequate for the price and style.  Let's face it, this is a $20 pair of slide on flip flops, not a $150 pair of gel cushion athletic shoes.  These aren't made for extensive, grueling walks, long distance running, or hiking...but they are great for a quick trip to the store, mailbox or pool.  They hold up pretty well, and they look great too.  The blue is as stated, royal, and looks nice in contrast to the black.  I gave 4 stars instead of 5 because the sole does begin to \"mold\" to your foot and eventually the area beneath my heels began to flatten more quickly than the rest of the sole.  This is what eventually leads to the slide becoming uncomfortable.  Regardless, I'll gladly keep dishing out 20 bucks a year for these great slides.", "Product is perfect for water related uses.  Fits well and is very comfortable.", "very happy whit these item nice colors fits just right the price was a good pay for what i got", "Love these shoes... took maybe 3 days to \"break\" them in...  super comfy! great colors! Wear them everyday for work", "I bought these shoes about 4 months ago and absolutely love them. They are extremely comfortable and I receive a lot of comments about how great they look. Great shoes!", "Great shoes, very comfortable the colors are the perfect combination,  I use every day to go to the work or go out with my friends", "Shoe seemed a bit clunky and the build quality was less than desirable. There was glue oozing out of the seams which was surprising since I am quite the Nike customer.", "My son loves this shoe!  He has had several pair of the Lunar series and keeps going back to them.  Great price and shipping was very timely!", "Great socks!  Comfortable.  High quality. Better than most others I have had.  You have to buy a really good pair just once to appreciate the difference in cheap/poor quality vs a moderately prices/high quality. A+", "I saw these shoes for $50, and I just couldn't help myself. Delivery was quick and everything was in order. The shoe feels great. It's very light and stable, and looks good, as well. The only knock that I had was that there was a subtle orange stain on the tongue of my left shoe. It looks like it came from the packaging, but that's all. It's a great shoe for a really good price, for casual use or for basketball.", "The product arrived on time and was exactly what was asked for.  Great experience, I highly recommend doing business here.", "I liked this shoe. Broke my leg over a year ago and my poor old Nikes carried me a long way. The dr about to do surgery on me suggested I wear shoes like that with the broad base and air for stability and extra comfort.", "This is a great walking shoe for beginners who are trying to lose weight--good support, light, durable and pretty comfortable! You get a little bit of bounce in the shoe from the air pumps inside and good breathe-ability from the mesh uppers. They do fit a little tight so you might want to get one or a half size larger--I wear 10 1/2 so I purchased an 11, and from Shoe Station, through Amazon. Ordered them on Wednesday night (Aug 31) and received them on Friday (Sept 2)!! Really fast shipping, though I didn't pay extra for it--AND saved about $6 on the price as well. I mostly use these for Mall walking and neighborhood walks, at the grocery store, etc, and they keep my feet from getting tired. Highly recommended!", "El producto solicitado fue el realmente recibido, tal como se pidio. La mercancia llego en muy buen estado y dentro del tiempo estimado. Recomiendo esta v&iacute;a para realizar las compras ;)", "It is fantastic that Nike makes this shoe in large sizes.  This shoe receives a 5 star for being available for larger feet.  It is durable, lightweight and fits!", "My son has pretty much owned every basketball shoe as he plays year round. I get so tired of buying expensive Nikes that fall apart pretty quickly. Finally we got a shoe that lives up to it's reputation. It performs well, it hasnt fallen apart has good ankle support and cosmetically it holds up too! Thats a huge plus for a change! Money well spent!", "You'd have to be crazy to buy this shoe for $700!  Or perhaps I've been sleeping through the election and its 2016, after Obama really screwed up our economy.  Then $700 might be pretty cheap.", "The color is bright and the bottom is soft. My daughter loves this pair of sandals. She could not wait to put them on.", "I absolutely love these sandals. I bought two pair of them on a whim for my little girls to wear on vacation. We went to Fl. and of course did a ton of walking. These bad boys were def. our go to shoe. They not only look super cute but were amazingly comft. So conft. in fact, that my girls didn't complain once. Trust me that is a huge feat for them and their shoes. Norm. that's all they do is complain about their feet. We are going on vacation again this summer and you better believe we are taking another pair for each of the girls again this year. They also wear great too. I was able to pass them on to another family member who has a younger daughter. As much as my girls wore theirs last summer it's amazing to me that they were in good enough shape to hand down. If you can't tell already by my glowing review(you might be slow;)) I def. give these Nike sandals two big, fat thumbs up!!NIKE SUNRAY ADJUST 4(GS/PS) BIG KIDS/LITTLE KIDS 386520-600", "They are very comfortable, ideal for sports, running, walking and walking in the countryside. I recommend them. I love its design", "My 9 yr old loves this shoe. He says they are very comfortable & the size was true to what we ordered. Seems well made as I would expect from a Nike.", "Can't beat Nike shoes, and my 12 year old son really likes the Dart -- the colors aren't too bright, go with a lot of clothes and can be worn every day.", "I bought this shoes for my son, because I cannot find running shoes like this design in some stores closer in our house. I still doubt if this stuff is fake or not because whenever I look at it, it does not look and feel like a legit nike shoes compared to nike shoes that I bought from the mall. But, anyway when I asked my son how it feels like, he said its ok but not great.. For me, I will not recommend this stuff.", "Very comfortable shoes! My son is really happy with them.They are very light and the color matches with most of his clothes.", "I wish they had a half size in this product.  That would have made it fit perfectly.  My son loves it though.", "IT FITS PERFECTLY AND IT'S COLOR IS SHINY AND FUN FOR KIDS. VERY LIGHT AND WELL MANUFACTURED. I RECOMMEND IT.", "My son wears this twice per week for PE, they have surely stood to the rugged wear and tear.  Happy with my purchase", "My kids are absolutely murder on shoes, and though I find it difficult to spend extra money on Nikes, I have been pleasantly surprised at how well they have held up.", "My Son LOVES these shoes! He wants to run and play tag with his friends and they are PERFECT for that. He is 10 yrs old and loves the look of them. They came so quickly and just as expected. VERY HAPPY!", "I purchased for my daughter and she loves them. she says they are comftorable and they look cute on her when she rocks her skirt and outfits... not too boyish with the color scheme.", "This is a great quality brand of shoe. I would buy this shoe again. Very comfortable. Looks great wearing them.", "This shoes from Nike Shox is OK.... Actually I didn't like the colors they have, it's more beautiful from the website.", "Well these Nikie's are very pretty & I think I would have loved them if I had of recieved the right size!!!", "No offense, but every woman friends of mine loves it! This kicks goes great with jeans & khakiVery comfortable, and good ventilation for any stinky feet out there!", "I bought these shoes last week and have been wearing them quite a bit to try and break them in but they are just way to stiff and hard for my liking. This is a excellent looking shoe but the quality is typical Nike in my opinion. The leather stains easy and over all material quality feels cheap for a shoe that costs this much. I think the Puma brand shoes are much better made and much more comfortable.", "I bought these as a gift for my boyfriend, who usually wears fresh white Nikes.  His favorite color is blue and I thought these would be something fun and different.  They are a good combination of the classy look of white Nikes (similar because they're solid in color) but a little bit more athletic and not as young as neon Nikes.  They are slightly wider than this angle depicts, so a little more casual shoe and a little less athletic sneaker than they look here.", "So awesome!  These are seriously the most comfortable shoes I've ever owned.  They are running shoes but I wear them all the time because they are so lightweight and comfy.", "I liked the colors but the cream/orange seem to be a bit brighter than I like but still good style.Size was right but most amazingly is how comfortable it feels.A great buy.", "Super comfortable shoes. Nice design as well.", "these things fit great and look pretty cool at the same time  very comfortable  now im just typing to fill the word count to post this", "These are super comfortable shoes. The color is nice and they look very nice. Feels like wearing socks when you have them on.", "Good looking shoe. Just not sure if it is legit as I don't see the Nike label details inside the show. Still the shoe fit well and I hope it lasts. Time will tell.", "Normally I never write any reviews but when a product is this good...The shoe fit as expected and were such a delight. Ive been wearing them since I got them and not one complain.They fit comfortably and the shipping was lighting fast. I walk all over campus everyday and these definitely haven't tired me one bit. I prefer the mesh material but this model is just great. I haven't yet felt the shoes &#34;stretch&#34; as the other review but if anything changes I will update my review. I always preferred style over comfort, but i'm sooo glad I can finally have both from a shoe.", "There's no way anyone should be paying over a $100 for these shoes you can go online to any other seller Finish line, foot locker, etc. and get these sneakers for less (3rd Party Sellers) that's what i did and they are comfortable", "As comfortable as the FlyKnit but half the price. Awesome.Shoes came in four days.Great for running and lifting.", "Soooo comfy,  but they almost feel loose on Day One !  I am thinking once they ' break in' , they will REALLY be quite loose.  Dont want to trip!Go half- one size down.", "they are very comfortable and they are nice looking shoesthey are perfect for gym or for walking around really comfortable", "Very comfortable, very stylish, great price. More comfortable than the nike free runs in my opinion. Looks good with jeans or khakis.", "Sure they look cool.  If they looked cool and fit well, they'd get a lot more stars.They don't fit well.  They are very narrow and the toe box is short.  And I have short toes.  That's saying something.  Do not recommend.  I returned them.", "I have bought these snickers and it was a great decision. No problema with the size, color or fit. Really a good deal", "I found a good deal on these shoes on Amazon. I had been looking for a pair of Air Jordan's for my son. He likes them very much. No doubt these shoes are great quality as you would expect from a pair of shoes from one if not the most famous line of shoes from Nike.", "For Nike there are not words. I think there are the better sport shoes that ever exists. I like it so much.", "These are great minimalist shoes. They feel like socks that have a rubber protective bottom. They let my feet 'feel' the ground when I run and they move with me. Very light and flexible. I love these shoes.The laces do look a little funny.  The way they are angled kind of makes it look like your feet are a little crooked. However, I love that their is no tongue.", "I splurged on these shoes when I had the chance because I was due for a new pair of Nike's and loved the color scheme. These shoes are amazing. They fit true to size and are a beautiful white and blue. I'm a Nike person (despite some of their prices) and I absolutely love these shoes. Theyre a great buy", "My daughter loves them. They fit prefectly and are really comfortable and fashionable. This type of shoes are not very common in my country which makes them even better.", "Daughter wanted these specific Jordan's and we couldn't find them anywhere in her size. They shipped fast and she tore them up faster smh...", "They are after one year of walking and couple runs almost in mint condition. They are very comfortable and not too pricey. My brother has the same but black and we love this shoes. Would buy these again.", "I just ordered these shoes for my daughter who is a senior in HS. She ran in a huge competition this past Saturday with them and bettered her previous pr (personal record) by one minute and came in first in a field of over two hundred other runners! She loves the shoes - says they feel great, are light weight, and she simply loves to run in them! What more can you say!", "The product is just as described on line, and the shipping is so fast!It's very comfortable to wear these pair of shoes. They have the cushion on the bottom, and they are very light in weight.I really enjoy running with them. Besides, they look chic.", "I love this shoe! I do , however, think they run a tad small.. Would recommend going up half a size, but I think I'll stick with the size I got. I am sure they will stretch as all sneakers tend to do. Especially if you are planning on wearing them everyday.", "Product was shipped just fine so no issues with shipper. Quality of construction was fine. But I've got the exact same size shoe, but manufactured in a different country, and this one was a whole size too small for me. I tried everything to make it work, including removing the inner sole - but it was too small. So had to re-sell on ebay.", "I really wanted to love these.  They are really cute!  But, as soon as I put them on, I knew this was not the shoe for me.  Not sure what is wrong but the sides seems to press in on my foot...which is very narrow to begin with! They felt hard and uncomfortable.  I walked around the house in them for a few hours to try to break them in, but it didn't seem to help. I bought them hoping for a comfortable pair of shoes to use in Disney World, but I could not imagine walking miles in these!  They are going back.", "Been wanting to purchase Nike shox for a few years but price was always a issue.  So when I found a pair on Amazon for 84.99, that was more then reasonable for me.  The merchant I order from was very quick on shipping I was quoted a week I received in under 2 days, very big plus in my book.  I put on as soon as I received and comfort was awesome.  So comfortable I now would consider paying the extra $, but here with Amazon u always find good deals.  I would recommend this merchant and Nike shox to anyone who asked.", "My 7 yr old son loves these shoes.  They are very durable and he is very rough when it comes to a pair of shoes.  I've had to replace the shoestrings, but the shoe is still lasting.", "I found these sneakers to be inexpensive compared to the ones sold in the stores.  Received exactly as advertised/portrayed on the site.  Nothing short of a great quality and brand new as you would expect.  On time too so no complaints here.", "They are light, flexible and sturdy, hopefully they would last longer than his previous Nike shoes. They look really cool and nicer than pictured.", "THESE SHOES ARE THE BEST. THEY ARE COMFORTABLE TO MY FEET. I HAVE RECEIVED COMPLIAMENTS ON THEM BECAUSE OF THE COLOR. I WILL BE ORDERING ANOTHER PAIR SOON.", "THE SHOES STAINED BY ALL SIDES, THE MAJORITY OF THE WHITE COLOR PRESENTS/DISPLAYS SPOTS, I BELIEVE THAT THEY WERE STORED FOR A LONG TIME AND THEY WERE DAMAGED, FOR MY HAS BEEN A DECEPTION THIS PURCHASE, AS THEY CAN SELL A PRODUCT IN THESE CONDITIONS", "LOVE these shoes. They're so comfortable and the colors are hot too. I was reluctant about the price but then again, Nike always makes great shoes and I tend to get years of wear out of them.", "This product is NOT authentic, only wear it couple times and it is broken already! Went to NIKE store in other country, the sales said it is NOT authentic!", "fits great, true to size. looks good, the 90's had the best sneakers. nike makes the best shoes & clothes. the shipping was fast and if you are a retro person these are for you.", "This is a great looking shoe, with good ankle support. Plus its not to heavy. The hyperfuse technology helps a lot in that area.", "I bought these shoes for work. I have to walk on concrete floor all day and my ballet shoes didn't have much support. I don't like big bulky shoes and I don't like high shoes either. I enjoy being 5'2. Lol. But anyway . . .  I usually where an 8 1/2 and I bought a 9. They were still kind of small. So I guess I should have gone a full size up. Also, that little loop that the strap is attached to irritated the back of my leg REALLY bad. I actually ended up putting a band-aid on it, which kind of sucked. When I took the strap off, it was a little better but still irritating. As far as support goes, it worked well. The bottom of my feet didn't hurt as much as it use to.", "I was very pleased with this purchase. The shoes are of excellent quality, very pretty (the color combination is really nice) and comfortable. Highly recommended!", "these shoes are a great fit and comfortable to wear.they are very supportive to.thanks for a great pear of shoes.", "This was a birthday gift to my son. he turned 12. He love the shoes and they are comfortable. Oh and I appreciate the vender getting them to me on time. nice shoes", "They are a bit heavy but , very comfortable and look good . First pair of Air's I ever owned that did not have a blown air pocket .", "I have the same and I love them. Other guys are commented on the style and color as nice all the time. They feel and fit great. At first, they were tight but, now I love them and they are so dam comfortable.", "been a fan of Griffey's for quite some time.......they fit perfectly around the foot and ankle.....worth every dime used for purchase", "These shoes are cut small, well all Nike shoes I must buy a size bigger. Love these Griffey's .", "Great shoes my son loves them . His second pair of this style. I think they are the nicest ones he had bought", "The shoe is very comfortable and goes with any white and blue shirt/hoodie. Good quality and mich cheaper than other websites.", "good fitting shoe and nikes always have the best support in them. u just cant spray these with water repellent spray", "I really LOVE my new NIKE SHOX NZ WOMENS RUNNING SHOES. Is an excellent product. I received my product as I requested. The product condition was perfect, as I wanted. Was an excellent choice. I suggest the seller.", "had these in the og color when they were released in the early 90's. Fit like a glove, great quality.", "I WAS LOOKING FOR SOME OLD SCHOOL KICKS FOR MYSELF,AND THESE WERE ONE OF THE TYPES THAT I WAS WEARING AS A TEEN.THIS COMPANY DIDN'T SEEM TO BE THE REAL DEAL, BUT BOY WAS I WRONG VERY WRONG. NOT ONLY DO THEY HAVE MORE TO OFFER THEN THE OLD SCHOOL FLAVOR THEY'RE TRUE PROS.I WILL DO A LOT MORE BIZZ. WITH THESE GUYS (BIG SMOOV)FROM HARLEM NYC.", "I Loved these shoes they look great and make me look fresh. My friends like them and i like how they dont crease cause of the material also love the classy basketball look this shoe represents.&#34;", "These are my new favorite baseball cleats!  Nike brand solid; these cleats are sturdy and comfortable.  I'm a size 13+, but these don't feel like boats on my feet.  Had my best tournament yet playing in these!", "it was for my son he loves it real awesome man fits well, boss sneakers man every young man should get one thanks.", "most comfortable shoe in the world!  use it at the gym or walking around.  the shoe makes you a little tall so watch out going hiking with it, cause you might tip over on a heavy slope.  good for walking on pavement or on hilly streets.  i go walking with these shoes most every day for 1/2 hour at a time and they feel GREAT!", "This is a versatile trainer for gym-based activities including step and cardio dance such as Zumba. Forefoot cushioning is exceptional for impact, sole doesn't \"grip\" the floor too tightly so you can twist easily despite the lack of a pivot point. Plus, it's really cute. I have the pink and the turquoise -- wish I could find the citron-green it came in as well.", "This Nike edition is the most comfortable trail show that I have ever purchased.  I have had problems finding Nike in widths, but did locate this one in, I believe, 2EE.  Without a doubt the most comfortable.", "I purchased these for my son who has a very wide foot and is hard to find shoes that fit. They fit very good in the regualr width (unusual for a Nike especially) and so far they have held up to his wear and tear (had them for about 4 months).", "Overall look and design of shoe is nice while new but you can see it is made of materials that are not long lasting. Also these shoes are made for a narrower foot and tend to run a bit small so I would highly reccomend buying the next 1/2 size up to get the proper comfortable fit.", "I had other shoe brands....for a basket ball or all around walking shoe...this is the best..!High grip on court and walking..but.....it's  slippery on wet surfaces.,,caution..Other than that it is super comfortable!..it fits awesome for those who have wide feet.The regular Jordan's shoes,they have now, I can't get it too fit on my feet, too narrow.Comfort= A+......Grip dry= A+.... Grip wet= D- ......", "This product has a great weight for my kickboxing class. But the covering is not durable enough to handle that repeated kicks.", "These look great, and work great and I use them all the time. I am so happy with the quality and people have commended them for their style. I would recommend to anyone who likes good looking and high performing sneakers for all occasions.", "A great shoe and good looking too.  I would definitely buy these shoes again and recommend them to others. I'm happy", "altough the pictures looks great, these shoes are a bit chunky, maybe it's according to the size but they are chunkier than I would expect on low tops and I have many more jordans and this is the chunkiest even compared to my other high tops.", "If you don't splint or fold a cloth/sock they'll crease at the toe within a few days which is typical Nike, side from that there bad ass, but I have the the Charcoal/Orange ones.", "I wore Nike Air Pegasus up until the +29 came out which was a very different shoe and not good for my feet.  I have been searching online for models prior to the +29 and buying any that I find in the correct size.", "Successfully completed the purchase. The shoes are excellent, I love color and design. Lunarswift + 2 is a good choice to run in a tropical climate, and make long runs.", "Nike is my favorite brand. These are so light and airy. I get claustrophobic when wearing tennis shoes too long because they are heavy, but these are so light and comfy. I'd buy them again and again.", "I bought these shoes thinking that is original Nike shoe, but it was fake. I returned it and will not buy shoes if its not on the manufacturer site.", "A compra que fiz superou minhas expectativa, foi rapida a entrega o produto chegou impecavel e isso e estou no Brasilparabens pela eficiencia!Rogerio", "This was a great pair of shoes! I love the colors. Nikes always run small, but I felt the 7.5 was too small. I needed to buy the size 8. I wish I had them now. Delivery time was good, the price was reasonable, the fit just didn't work.", "I really wanted to have this shoes but they were bigger than I expected thats why I needed tu return them", "This shoe has the best fit every, normally shoe have that full of air look. Oh do this shoe come in more colors because I want another pair.", "These shoes were comfortable and nice. About 2 months in the grip on bottom of shoes started coming unglued to date I have lost a total of 6  of the grip tiles on the bottom of shoe. Next time I would not spend so much on a pair of these.", "i odered these shoes a little before st. patricks day and i was so happy they arrived almost a week before they said they would get here, i was so happy!! the shoe it self i mean what can you say bad about Jordans there great shoes!!", "It would be nice if there was something to keep the shoes from rubbing together inside the bag (since my shoes are white), but besides that, it's a pretty good bag to store my golf shoes in.", "I was very lucky to find these shoes. This colorway is hot and the shoe is very comfortable. Great to play basketball in or just wear them with a pair of shorts. The flywire makes it light and the 360 Air Max makes it ultra comfortable cushioning every step you take. Definitely a great purchase.", "I work at a job that requires you to be on your feet all night so I needed a shoe to be able to keep my feet comfortable. These aren't the best, but they do support the feet and ankles. They do feel sort of like platform shoes. (Just a little  bit) but they are still comfortable. I LOVE the colors and will probably be buying the white/black ones next.", "They are magnificent shoes are a beauty design and color are excellent recommend them to everyone, and the price is best of all", "This shoe was delivered within 3 days so I got it before christmas and it was a nice looking shoe but one of the shoes had  a stain on it but overall it was a nice purchase", "These shoes have held up well. After a couple of months, I have machine washed 2-3 x's and they clean up great. My son says they make him faster :)", "ever see a shirt decorated by pouring glue type substance on it ?  the glue type substance always comes loose immediately ... very disappointed", "My grandson has wide feet so these were too narrow for him.  But he liked them if they had fit.", "At the beginning these shoes looks red but actually there are bright pink but in those shoes looks amazing. Precisely in all the details and design.The boy, who received as a gift, loved it.", "The soles are hard and uncomfortable to run in. When you tightnen the shoes it cuts off the circulation. They fit good otherwise", "really very very cute. it is similar what it was on picture,just colors are brighter. i like this! size is the same, and it is very suitable. i love this \"shoes\"", "It was a birthday gift and he love them so much. And I was very happy I give them an A+", "Initially, i bought this shoe because it was cheap.But we I got it, it looks better in person than the photos i have seen over the net.I'm glad i got this shoe and this is one of my fave Js ever..Highly recommended!", "There should be an option for &#34;uncomfortable&#34;. Nike sells a shoe for men that has a rounder front, but I'm not a guy so I purchased the women's shoe, expecting it wouldn't be so narrow, and pointy-toed. Well, it came and was hard, and pointy toed. Uncomfortable to wear, and too pointy of a toe. NIKE...why do we have to keep making women's toes pointy? Sort of sad, really. In the future, I'll buy shoes elsewhere. I don't think I'll ever wear these.", "I wear size 13 but these shoes are one size smaller. I compared them with another running shoes of size 12 and they are identical. Rather then that the shoes look OK. I expected more cushion though.", "If you are on your feet all day and you want proper support and cushioning then this is definitely the shoe for you.  Padded amply and will not let your feet down in time of need if you are on your feet all day.", "These are high quality shoes and I got them at a great price.  Unfortunately, they are too narrow for my wide duck feet.  My partner wears the same size, but has narrow feet.  You can fill in the blanks.", "My husband loves these shoes more than anything I have ever gotten him, so that says a lot, Thumbs up!", "I have always been a fan of Nike shoes. But in recent years I found that they have lost some of there comfort and quality. These seem to be very light and comfortable, also seem to be made well. Haven't had them long enough to really tell durability yet though. Amazon had this order at my door before expected shipping date!", "My son's feet hurt a lot.  Now he uses it to walk and jog.  He said it is great and comfrotable.", "this has all leather skin on them.. i have the lime green one also and i would say its more comfortable than the all black ones", "I bought these sneakers for my son and had them shipped to his home. He loves them, and he received them lightning fast!", "the real deal, for half the price. Any one looking for comfort, style, and looks good this is the deal for you.my new nikes at half the price. trust me.", "i have other pairs of the nike retro and i think i like the way those look a little better. these are definitely more comfortable though", "My daughter loves wearing these shoes outside in the backyard, in and out the pool, everywhere! Where other shoes can not go in and out of the water, these DO! These are our second pair. The first pair was hot pink and black of the same brand/style. These do show stains (dirt, etc) more than the darker colors.", "I was super excited to get these shoes! I ordered them around week 15 of my pregnancy thinking it would be really nice to have a very supportive shoe to wear to work. Besides, this is what all the nurses are wearing right? Well, they just aren't very comfortable. I wore them for about three weeks before I realized they weren't going to \"break in\" and be comfortable. I still wear them anyhow, as I spent so much on them, and I think they look nice. Primarily there just isn't any padding or give to this shoe. They are hard on the feet, especially the heel! After wearing them for about three hours or so my feet are killing me, and I know it's not just the pregnancy because I have other shoes that don't hurt my feet at all. These could definitely be improved by adding some padding to the soles.", "These shoes were decent quality and exactly as described. I did not have a problem with the shoes but I have lower arches in my feet however and these did not fit comfortably so I returned them.", "My son likes them for comfort. I like them for durability and the fact that white sneakers go with everything. They clean up pretty well, too!", "The shoe looks great and feels comfortable on one of my feet.  However, the other shoe seems to have a raised area on the inside wall that presses against a bone in the side of my foot.  I am breaking them in slowly in the hopes they will stretch or soften but after quite a bit of wearing the problem remains.", "sized way too small.  I wear a 13 in all other Nike shoes, bought the 13 at first and it was much too large, then bought the 12 thinking it would be perfect....not even close, this was WAY too small.", "Great fit, beautiful shoes.", "Perfect tenis shoes my toddler loves it, real nike brand, so comfortable, nice design, real air buble, all the quality of nike in this product.", "My son actually still wears these shoes. They are still in very good shape. Maybe I will purchase more in the near future.", "Bought these shoes for my nephew. He's only three but because of these shoes he can now round house dunk a full size ring.", "I ordered these for my son at his request. He loves them! They fit him perfect. He wears them often and he says they are very comfortable. They look very nice and the quality is excellent as should be expected with a Nike product. As much wear and tear as he puts on them they are still in good shape. I would highly recommend these.", "Thought they looked really cool and they do look good wearing them. However they are Really Really uncomfortable! They were not worth the money.", "Ordered them for my daughter who is only in the 8th grade and runs track at school.  They worked perfect for her!", "All my children wear Nike, I think they are the best made shoes.They last long and endure a lot of rough and toughness.", "my son saw these and really wanted them. We got them very quickly and my little man was very please once he opened the box", "they are cute and comfortable. I bought them to start running and my feet haven't hurt or gotten blisters or anything. these shoes are great.", "I have had these shoes in the past, and currently wear them. They are a solid shoe, and fit well. Would recommend them.", "These shoes were a must have.  I am happy I have small feet because I was able to purchase kids size and it didn't cost as much as it could have if I bought it in my regular size.", "My son of 12 years old just love themlight weightnice colorvery comfortableare just as shown in the picture", "Probably the best running shoe I have owned so far. Comfortable and lite. Ran a pb in them over 5km.", "Bought Nike Women Zoom. Since I had Hammer toe surgery, I needed a wider shoe in the toe area to accommodate the inserts. This shoe is good, roomy and comfortable. I do 6 miles a day on my treadmill and need a reliably cushioned shoes. Very pleased.", "Without a doubt, the most comfortable work out shoe around today!  I wear them for cross training and they provide stability in addition to the feeling of walking on air.  Thanks Nike and Amazon!!  :)", "I hate these shoes $90 in the garbage,Nike would not exchange them for me for a smaller size without a receipt.They run at least 1\" to big I wear 7.5 and i never had to go down to a 6.5, way much room around the toe's.NOT good for my Cardio kickboxing class.They feel like clown shoes when i walk in them!Your feet even look larger. Another Ebay Item to sell!!!", "I LOVE LOVE LOVE these shoes.  They feel like you are wearing nothing at all.  They are lightweight almost like air and cushioned with tremendous support. I have trouble finding shoes to wear in a department store on concrete all day long but these were great on the feet and the all black shoe looked nice with dress pants.  Now, I want a pair in each color!", "These shoes are awesome.  They fit perfectly, feel like you are wearing air AND are very durable.  Super flexible sole too.Not sure what the person who said they are too big was talking about.  Must have gotten the wrong size.  I always wear an 11 to 11.5 depending on the shoe and I bought these in the 11.5 size.  I also have feet on the narrow side and these work well.  Not too wide and don't gap when I sinch the laces.", "Bought these for my daughter for a Christmas present. - she is a runner she already has 2 other pairs of these shoes and  she LOVES them!!!!", "Most comfortable shoes I've had in a long time.  I wear 9.5 in almost all shoes and ordered the 9.5 in these.  Fits like a glove.  This shoe is so lightweight but offers so much support.  Flexible sole is amazing!!  I think they look nice with dressy jeans and pants.  But, the main thing is THEY FEEL SO GOOD!!!  My feet never hurt at the end of the day, nor is my back tired.  Can't recommend them highly enough!", "I loved the color, they are so comfy. I got these sneakers for crossfit and they totally fit great. I recommend these sneakers.", "I bought these shoes for my daughter and she liked :) very comfortable!! I will buy the same style for me!!", "These are the most comfortable sneakers I have ever bought. These nike sneakers are fashionable too and every time I wear them I get compliments.", "These are my second pair of Nike Free in black, love love love them! So light and comfortable. I wear them for work everyday in the black...and have them in other colors for the gym too. fit nicely too, true to size!", "Shoes are very comfortable, cute and runs true in size. Light weight and flexiable. I like for excersing and walking.", "The shoes arrived quickly, the box was undamaged.  The shoes fit and feel good on my wife's feet, she has worn them now for a couple weeks and now her feet dont hurt after walking 2 miles.  Very happy.", "My wife is thrilled with her Christmas gift.  She said the very first time out she was able to do he 5 miles with out changing.  Any runner knows that this is a rare occurrence in a new shoe that has never before been worn.Once again the amazon supplier out preformed my expectation.Keep up the great job.Just Dave", "I love my lady Nikes use them all the time during workout. Lightweight nice color. Quality I expect from Nike", "Great shoes - exactly what I expected.  I only use them for occasional jogging on either a treadmill or pavement.  I'm only a fair weather runner and not hard-core by any means so these worked fine for my purposes.", "I love these shoes and thought the price on line was great!  Great fit, great comfort and I appreciate the help with my high arch.", "So comfortable, I love it! Exactly same as the pictures here. Just like it say. Fit+Support+Conformatable!!! But the color choice is too limited!", "I bought this for my boyfriend and it was the first time buying sneakers on Amazon so I was very nervous. I am happy to say that I am very happy with the whole transaction. It was shipped quickly, the item was exactly as described new in the box and my boy friend is very happy with his sneakers :) I definitely recommend this item", "El zapato es muy comodo y liviano, vale muchisimo la pena comprarlo, recomendado al 100% esteticamente es muy bonito. comprenlo", "I loved mine.  However, I paid $21.99, not $499.00.  I would say I would never pay $500 for shoes.  However, mignt be great for someone with lots of discretionary income!", "I tried these thongs at my daughters while visiting.  You put your feet in them and its heavenly.  I bought a pair right away, since I have severe back problems the strap were not tight enough in the size I bought so I gave them to a friend, who fell in love with them.  They are great.  I will try smaller size.", "Love the product and the service was great.  Most comfortable pair of slides I've every put on. Love the cushioned insole.", "Did you people really pay $490 for these flip flops.  I love the look and they look comfortable and they have my size, but there's no way I would pay that - unless outlined in diamonds!", "I bought these shoes for Zumba and it was money VERY well spent. They're tight enough that they don't let my foot slip and slide around in them, but they're not so tight that they hurt when I have to bust a crazy Zumba move. Also, there was no real break in period. I wore them to workout immediately and they never gave me blisters. Plus, the colors are awesome. I love these shoes!", "i bought these on sale at the nike outlet and they hurt my feet SO bad after 5 min of wearing them. I tried taking teh insole out and replacing it with a cushioned insole but that didnt work either. :( i wanted to like these shoes, but can't at all because they are so uncomfortable. don't buy them if you have low arches because the arch support is just too high.two stars for cuteness though.", "I purchase an extra pair or pink laces, to ad more fun to them. they are and feel amazingly good.", "The shoes were already laced up (instead of having the laces looped) and the laces were of different lengths.  This would lead one to think that perhaps the shoes had been tried on or even worn by an earlier purchaser.  Otherwise, the shoes are great!  That's why I ordered them.", "I run at least 3 miles three times a week, and these initially, were a bit stiff.  However, after I wore them a couple of times, they were the best!!  I could run these for miles, and remained comfortable & full of support!", "A really great shoe and quick delivery! I didnt think i would like the yellow but it actually works really well and its not overdone! Commfy too! :)", "man this shoe is amazing it's like wearing a sofa , walking , running is feel same also for me as a FAT person 135kggoo and buy it", "This was the only shoe I could find in my size that held the Nike sensor. I am even happier with this pair than my old lunar glides. I've been wearing them about a month and notice the rubber in the soles has cracks which looks almost like weather checking on tires. It makes one wonder where they've been and how old they are. I hope they don't break down too soon because I like them.", "I really liked them based on the picture, but i actually thought they were white. I guess I didn't read the description close enough to realize they were a light gray. If I didn't already have 2 pair of gray shoes I would have most definitely kept them. They fit great and looked great!", "Can't say too much about this super comfortable shoe. After wearing Merrill and Patagonia, these were so much better>very comfortable cushioning and true to size. Cannot recommend to much! As always, great service from Amazon!", "These fit very well.i sometimes take a 12.5 in air max range but took a 13 in these and they fit just right.if you've had nike free 5.0 then I would say a very similar fit.They're very comfortable too and look great.", "My son wears these as everyday sneakers and loves them I would recommend them for the quality and fit it perfect", "great product, confortable, wear those shoes with ipod touch is so cool, i recommend for all runners you can walk everytime,everywhere all day long.", "The most comfortable pair of shoes I've ever wore, very warm considering the weather here (9000 f.a.s.l.) i would recommend them", "These have been a good shoe so far. I'm training for a marathon, so i have many more miles to go. Longest run has been 14 miles and they felt great. I have an usually high arch and these shoes provide a comfortable yet stable ride for me.", "These shoes are OK but certainly not worth the $94 in my opinion. I'll wear them out to get my $$$'s worth but I liked my older Nikes a lot better..", "I moved from NB to these Lunar Glide models and they are much lighter on my feet...not even wearing special inserts anymore.", "Got my 1st pair at Stanford Shopping center because it was light weight and looked nice.  I was so impressed that I got a second pair on Amazon to save another drive to Stanford, so I can delay the wear on my original pair, and for a discount on Amazon.  I have worn it for over 6 months for both work and for exercise, with unchanging comfortable support and no evidence of wear (in support).  Compared to other shoes that hurt my low-arch feet after a long day, these are very comfortable at the end of the day.  Also noticeably very breathable so my feet feel relative cool when exercising.  I plan on getting a 3rd pair for indoor exercise use only.  Not the most expensive but the most comfortable Nike running shoes I've bought.  Definitely worth the money!", "Really cant go wrong with any Nike shoe, very comfortable and it looks good. Had a lot of people compliment me on the shoes...", "Great cushion and stability.  I had to go one 1/2 size up compared to my normal Nike size.  I use these to run probably 15 miles a week and they have held up well so far.  The university red color marks up easily, so they look dirty already, but that doesn't really bother me.I also have a slight overpronation, and these provide me the stability I need.", "I made the mistake of getting these instead of another pair of Nike Free Runs. These were the stiffest pair of running shoes I've ever owned with no cushion and no flexibility. I've only put about 90 miles on my Lunarglides and they're headed straight to the Goodwill. These shoes are garbage. They take the joy out of running. I don't recommend these for anybody unless you're a masochist trying to find some way to damage your knees.", "I'm not that heavy (155 pounds), but I was born with bad feet and need to use orthotics for arch support. (SOLE is good!). Even with the orthotics, the shoe has to be supportive as well. These shoes have a plastic band for support rather than the stitching used by adidas, asics, etc. It looks like it might bite at the edges, but it turns out to work fine. The cushioning is very effective as well. But the shape of the sole is taking some getting used to. Most shoes I like, including Nike, have a sole that follows the contours of your foot, and that helps the shoe flex, bend, and roll in a more or less natural way. But this show is very flat on the bottom, with only a little roll up at the front and back. Very flat in the middle. Maybe this helps the support, but it makes for a stiff ride.The style of the shoe looks like a set of thin layers. And this applies to the laces too, they are thin and flat, and were a bit annoying at first as they were scratchy when tightening the shoe. But that is starting to ease up with use.So it's not surprising that heavier runners who need support will like this shoe, But those who are fans of Nike Free, which is has the completely opposite philosophy, are not going to be happy. For me, I'm not at either extreme and I will continue to train in this shoe. Seems to be the end of the model year lately, so prices are going down and I got a good deal at an outlet store.", "Great shoe! I do 6.5 m 3 times a week - in hilly terrain and I love em! 250lbs. 6 foot 1- they can take it. 4th pair of Nike Lunarlon shows- I have a pair of Lunar Eclipse 2's on the way- they are supposed to be a bit plusher- we'll see how they compare in another 500!", "I have been a runner all of my life and have tried just about every brand of shoes.  I had given up on Nike about 10 years ago but decided to give them a chance after talking to a guy in the gym about the Lunarglide.  These are great shoes.  I had purchased a custom pair from the Nike's website to get them in the 2EE width.  I am a little hesitant to recommend the shoes just because they are made for a particular runner and they may not fit you the way they fit me.  I am a neutral runner, who strikes with my heels and rolls.  I will say that they are light, comfortable without creating any hot spots, and well built.  I am getting ready for my 12th marathon and these are going to be the ones I am training and running the marathon in.", "I just ran around the Jamaica Pond and i havent had a better running shoe. They are really comfortable and look awesome too.", "Very cool comfortable.  Great price.  shipping was quick.  People dig the flashy red when you are wearing them out and about.Like them alot.", "Great fit and style! I love the lunar line and these shoes are no exception.  The shoes look great and feel amazing on.", "I have had a lot of Nike shoes in the past, and while I have always liked them, but these seem more durable that past pairs I have owned.  4 stars instead of 5 only because I wish there were a few more color combinations to choose from.  I don't mind this scheme, but felt like I settled because otherwise they were the best pair I found for the money in my size.", "I have used this shoe for 4 years now. It has been updated to a new model but theses 3's are the best in my mind. Getting harder to find these!!! Great shoe for trail and road running.", "I must say i tend not to run in Nike shoes. I was bit skeptical when the Lunarglide+3 came out, but i had heard rumors that this was a pretty good shoe. I decided to give it a try. True to Nike, it had all the flash and bling that Nike is known for. But to my delight, the shoe is pretty solid. I started running this shoe on a treadmill at my local gym. It felt really good. It has solid cushioning and an ample toe box. I figured it would double as a good all around shoe for the gym. The more i ran, the more i really liked the feel. I took it out for a trail run and i was just as impressed. If you are looking for a great all around shoe that also rocks running, try the Lunarglide+3. It exceeded my expectations.Pro'sFlashy and got Bling factorGreat for the gymSoft cushionSolid constructionCon'sNot really lightAirflow could be improved through out the shoeNot a fan of the shoe laces it came with", "The cushioning in these shoes is great. I think they are the most comfortable shoes I've ever worn. Very happy with them.", "very happy with my selection, will order again when I need new ones but not till then I am a man of not to many words", "fantastic shoes, i just love it!! i have a lot of time using it everyday, running and going to the gym, and still like the first day!", "Fast order fullfillment and shipping.  Items was shipped as describe. Sneakers feel great and look fantastic. I love them! I ran with these shoes and the cushioning does it job.", "Being a forty two year old male and suffering with an old left knee injury and an arthritic bunion on the top of my left big to lets just say I have not been able to fully enjoy the exercise I enjoy most.A few months ago I consulted a foot doctor who said he could perform surgery on my toe and remove the bunion with about six weeks recovery time or I could stop running. He said I could also try a stability shoe to cushion and support my sore toe.I have tried stability shoes in the past and being a neutral runner they felt as if I had bricks tied to my feet. I have tried saucony, brooks and asics stability models and all with the exception of the asics were clunky.I ordered these Lunarglide +3's last week and received them at a great price with fast shipping as usual. Popped the senor out of my old Lunarmax's and into my new Glides and was ready to go.Out of the box I did my three mile run on pavement and from the first steps noticed something different, cushioning combined with a very light stable running shoe. Also they fit like a glove and secure nicely around your mid foot.The ride of these shoes is fast and stable with lots of cushion but not to the point where it feels artificial or weird.Suffice to say during and after my run I had no toe or knee pain which I had suffered through so long.I highly recommend these running shoes to anyone with similar old injuries or anyone who wants to save their joints from unnecessary pounding.If the first three miles in these are a sign of what's to come I will be hoarding these shoes before long.Great job Nike, keep it up.", "This is my first Nike running shoe and I must admit they are the best running shoes I ever had (I've already used asics, new balance, brooks products ). People that like me are heavy (about 95kg) will defenetelly benefit. I'm getting a second pair.", "the color is cool. i used this for my 1st half marathon last august. the course is mix flat spalt and bit rough trail.", "I had high hopes for these shoes but I simply can't get a pair to fit me.  The toe box seems a bit narrower than most and the arch support is back too far.  The bottoms are very nicely cushioned and the shoes are wonderfully light, yet they offer lateral support, but I simply cannot wear them.  I have a standard \"D\" width foot that fits most shoe brands, but apparently not this shoe.If this shoe fits you, and if your arch is far back on your foot then this is probably one of the nicest running shoes you will find, but . . .I'm rating it 3 starts, not because of its quality (quality is 5 stars) but because they should have some disclaimer for how they fit and how they are on the narrow side of the spectrum of shoes.", "It's comfortable shoes, super light, very nice for running and training. Good quality. I bought the pair for my son and he loves those.", "So I wish I had some warning--so here's yours.  These shoes have a LOT of support in them.  I tend to go running about every day, and I pulled these out of the box on Monday (today is Thursday) and I'll say I was thinking of giving up after Wednesday--my shins were sore (not shin splits... just sore) and I found myself trying to figure out what was happening with all of the muscles that I apparently hadn't used for over a year while running in my old shoes.  4 days in, there's no turning back-these are great shoes !  Light, breathable and easy to throw on and just go.  I'm coming from 2 straight pairs of KSwiss Tubez and while I liked those shoes, I'm realizing now how flat I was running and how much I was running on my heels--no bueno!Here's what the first week looked like (from nikeplus... not the most accurate from a distance perspective, but still a good barometer):Monday: 4.6 mi in 37:18... ran some long intervals.  Lots of lower leg tightness.Tuesday: 5.0 mi in 39:21... decent pace but SORE afterward.  Last 15 mins were 1 min walk, 4 min run intervals to let my legs rest.. ouch!Wednesday: 3.5 mi in 32:06.. by far the worst run. Crappy intervals, long walk at about 20 mins.  Getting better at the end, but still a crappy run.Thursday: 5.7 mi in 45:47 - pretty much my normal run.  Comfortable, smooth and well paced.Like any shoe--give it a week if you can.  If you've got the right type of shoe and it's not overly painful, it's worth it to give it a shot.", "I'd been staying away from Nike cos of all the quality issues with their products and briefly went to Reebok & Adidas. While the Adidas pair lasted me for a bit; the Reeboks caused a tremendous amount of pain over the past few months. Im aware this isnt a comparison review between brands, but I guess sharing experiences help make better decisions.The Lunarglide is an older model than whats currently out there, but these were within my budget and I pocked them up.Other than the aches and pains from the initial break-in period - these shoes are REALLY good. My feet feel much better ( I walk about 6-7 miles daily) and arent that tired anymore from long periods of strain.Good buy. Im thinking of buying a second pair just for backup.Hoe this helps.", "Hey, this is an excellent shot, good design, I really like the colors but the most important thing, it is versatil, very usefull u can really feel the difference. every runner should have one in his closet", "Great shoe for a kid who does it all. He wears it everyday, plays basketball, runs every morning and wears it to work.", "I walk every day three to four miles and these are the only shoes I found that are comfortable enough to keep my feet from hurting.  They are great for people who need extra width in the toe box but don't really need a wide shoe!", "These shoes are amazing. Extremely comfortable for everyday use in the gym or outside. Would highly recommend these shoes .", "It's light, and looks good for my run training. I still need to run some more but I believe I got a perfect one for my needs.", "The most confortable shoes you can buy. It's a lovely experience for running because it protects your feet and your knees.", "This shoe is very comfortable to walk and run in. I am 110kg and it has the cushioning my body needs when running.I cannot comment on durability, but so far so good.", "Bought these for my son, had good reviews.  He really likes them. He said they are very comfortable and wears them also casually.", "I would say it is a good shoe you dont feel the ground when running after you break it in people tell me it does not look like a running shoe they dont believe me when i tell them. the price is ok, you  know nike", "Ive just got these Lunarglide+ 3 and have used them for a week.So far Ive used them at the gym once, a one hour walk, a 20min average running tempo in the treadmill and a 10 min fast tempo intervall on the treadmill, as well as 10 min or so on a crosstrainer. (Im about 5'10 175 pounds and exercice 2-4 times per week, normaly a mix of gym and cardio).Positive: Feels very light, good support for pronation, good heal cushioning, fits snugly/well on the foot, very good looks (I think), overall comfortable, true to size (compared to what I usually wear)Negative: Not good arch support (Ive got extremly high arches, for these I would need custom insoles), narrow in the toe-box (the outside of my two smalles toes falls on the edge of the insole), the cushioning in the front part of the shoes not as good as in the heals (compared to other shoes Ive used).Verdict: Overall the shoes \"feels\" very nice, significantly lighter than my old ones, noticable when running especially. Should be good for moderate over pronators with reasonably narrow feet not needing too much arch support.", "Feels true for size, comfortable. Using for tredmill jogging and so far very happy. Do not know what else to say.", "They've held up much better than other shoes I've bought for the same price. There is no sign of any fabric tearing or any rubber becoming unglued. They are super comfortable. The only problem is that they're kind of bulky on the outside so your foot bumps in to more things. You get used to it though and it becomes less and less of a problem", "The shoe came in perfect condition however the sizing is not accurate... i chose a size 4 todler for my son and it came a bit small... wen i looked at the sizingf info on the shoe tounge it said 4c which is a smaller size than 4 toddler .it fits him but he will outgrow this shoe very quickly..so that means if you are gonna purchase this shoe please take a size bigger", "these are excellent shoes!! . I appreciate them actually sending the correct size. this was my first shoe purchase online and I was skeptical at first, its a high possibility I would buy from this seller again!", "Amazing qualtiy got it within 2 days!! My 4 year old son loves them and size is perfect to the fit!! Would definately buy again!!", "muy buen vendedor excelente!! lo entragaron a tiempo y enviaron tal cual pedi muy bien,  gracias, buena esa amigos!! fino", "These are generally pretty nice. They're not chunky or large shoes, and they are pretty thin canvas material with no arch support. So if you're almost flat footed like me you won't care much but if you're looking for a supportive shoe this is not it. I like these a lot and they go with a lot of casual clothes. They look best when you do bar lces instead of traditional crisscross.", "Exactly what my son asked for. True to description. A perfect fit. The price was right. Would recommend these classic sneakers.", "Bought these for my boyfriend - what a great purchase!Color may be a little off - but other than that they're great!", "My son couldn't decide on which Nike High top sneakers he wanted to get.  He finally decided on this one.  He loves it.Great purchase.  I would recommended it highly.", "They are good for my son. He is very happy with them. They are very nice and comfortable. I recommend it.", "These Nike shoes last for a few months, but then it wore out and the glue broke. The shoes started to break, and I also tried to reglue it, but it fell apart again. I used it for sports and running. It's okay in the beginning, but shouldn't be worn that often.", "Nice pair of Kicks With some gray skinnies they will look even better I have yet to wear except for trying them on Hope they last long :)", "love these shoes, they shipped fast too! This is actually my second pair. The first pair lasted me for a year and i wore them almost every day!", "Comfortable, lightweight, and cute. Nike's shoes always work so well for me. I wear a 6 1/2 in heels and a 7 in Nike's, needless to say they run a little small, but so comfortable.", "These shoes are fab, I have a hard time buying shoes online because every shoe is so different but these are fantastic. They cushion my feet so well, they are super light and comfy. I can't speak highly enough. It feel like I'm running barefoot when I wear these! I listened to the other reviews and ordered half a size up and they fit just right any smaller or larger they wouldn't fit right!", "My daughter-in-law really likes the sneaker. Seems to fit true to size and is well made. I recommend them. Good color.", "I have two pairs, one for work in a hospital where I walk all day long, and one for at home working out.  They're lightweight, fit nice, grippy, and well ventilated.", "These are so comfortable would highly recommend this shoe I have 2 pair in different colors and I LOVE them ...You will not be Sorry !!!! GO ahead BUY THEM!!!!", "Even though the color description of this shoe is incorrect, the shoe fits great. Comfortable & great price. The actual color is Black midway & red thru the back. The shoe i received is A much better looking shoe. The price is unbeatable.", "The shoe in the picture is cute- the shoe I received was ugly and the same color scheme but definetely not the shoe pictured", "Very comfortable casual show with a low low top. This is my third time buying this shoe. Great for work.", "My brother wanted to buy these shoes at a retail store but couldn't find his size. Checked amazon and they had his shoe size. The shoes are amazing and resilient.", "The shoe itself is fine, but once I wore them they looked too fluffy and pillowy.  Plus I mistakenly thought these shoes did not require tying shoelaces (thought these were slip on types).", "Excellent shoe, feels so lightweight! It carries the barefoot technology without the strain on the toes like the \"frog shoes\".  I wasn't a Nike fan, but I have to admit these shoes have changed my view.  I highly recommend them.  If you are not certain try them on at a sporting goods store so you can test them yourself, you will understand what I mean.", "Great running shoe!  Very light and the feet do not get too hot.  Not much arch support if you need a lot... but once you start running it's not noticeable.  I like the fun colors that are offered too.", "My daughter bought these shoes for running.  She loves them. Says they're the most comfortable shoes that she's ever owned. And since she runs five days a week, she needed something that would hold up. So far, so good. She's very pleased with them, and was thrilled when they arrived only days after she ordered them. We would recommend!", "I love this sneakers, they fit great and are very confortable. They look great with everything, gym or running around", "I find  that they are very light and comfortable. Not easy to get on but that is not really a problem.I had a similar pair years ago very much like these from Nike insstead of the laces they had zips up the front.They where the most comfortable pair of shoes from Nike I had ever had. But these would compare. Thought the price wasa bit high and disappointed to find a few days later they where on special. But thats life.", "This run very small i am a size 8 and in this i am a 9 and a half, otherwise this are great comfortable, flexible and cute", "Fits like all of my other Nike shoes, true to size. The red/pink color is nothing at all as pictured, which I expected. It's actually a really hot neon pink color, which I love! Look on Nike.com or google \"solar red\" to see what I mean. They're pretty comfortable and really lightweight. Not quite as much support/comfort as the lunarglide 2, but the look makes up for it for me.", "Excellent quality, delivery was on time. The shoe is very comfortable, great ankle support, but they are for indoor play not to play outdoor", "I really like the style and the comfort of the shoe but the sizing of this particular style runs small. I normally have a small slender foot so I though my normal size 5 would work but unfortunately my toes are a little too snug for my liking. I should have played it safe and went for a 5 1/2.", "I love these shoes. They're comfortable and the color matches almost perfectly to what is described. I also received them in a timely fashion.", "I'm a size 7. Runs small so watch it. order size up. great support. running its a breeze. Yeah I'd recommend these.Not bad price cheaper then other sites buy from this person.", "Service was very good but since I can't wear them due to needing and not being able to afford knee replacement...I wish I hadn't purchased them.I bought them because I was able to wear NIKES very similar two years ago and even ran in them but knee deterioration is making it useless to spend money on any shoes except MBT's.", "I love the shox by Nike!! Been wearing them 4ever!! I have flare up of planter facitis and heel spurs and these shoes really really help!! I wear them to cosmetology school also where I do a lot of standing and my feet don't hurt!!!! AMEN!!!", "I bought these because I love the Nike Shox sneakers. I always wear a 10 in Nike, the 10 in this sneaker is too small. I tried to return them, but it was too late. Oh well, should have tried them on a little sooner.", "They're comfy, light, and breathable. I've never worn sneakers with 'SHOX' before so I am kind of clumsy in them when wearing them for regular activities...like on a fishing boat when the waves are choppy. Other than that, they are a great running shoe.  My feet don't' sweat nearly as much since I started wearing them because the front of the shoe breaths so well.  I am a little concerned about how well they'll hold up over time since these were quite an investment for an amateur runner.  I'm a size 9.5 and a friend told me they look kind of \"mannish.\" I don't care much about that because my workouts are anything but \"girly.\" Overall they're comfy running shoes.", "I received this purchase well package and delivered timely as the seller promised.  Once I worn these Nike Shox roadster, I am more than please with this product.  The fit, look and durability of this product, I am more than satified.  I highly recommed this product if you are looking for a good walking/running shoe.", "i liked the design of this show bought it and it fit great!! i want to buy anotehr as theo ne i bought got trashed", "The shoes arrived 2 days earlier than expected which was great!  They fit him really well and have a lot of cushion in the soles.  He spends 10-12 hours a day on his feet and walks a good 10-15 miles everyday.  So far he is really happy with them.", "I like these shoes because they are very comfortable.  Also the black and grey color scheme looks dressy enough to wear almost anywhere.", "Great arch support, upper is mesh and very breathable. I can be on my feet all day and my feet don't get tired. I have a old knee injury and can't run but wear these shoes for golfing, walking, hiking, ect. Get compliments on them all the time. We're back ordered and more expensive on Zappos, Amazon had best price.", "These shoes are awesome.  They look pretty hot and they're really well ventilated - important in Tennessee where it's 97 degrees with 127.3% humidity. Im thinking my next pair of running shoes will be the same style in a different color.", "This is my second pair of these! It's like running on air! They are very light weight and a great fit!! Highly recommend them!", "Very good shoe. I run about 10-12 miles a week in these shoes. I have been wearing them for a few months so far and they are still very stable.  Also very light weight and breathe well.", "I LOVE THESE SHOES!!! I scoured the internet for this older version and I'm so happy to have gotten my hands on them. They cured my shin splints and guarantee comfortable running. I really hope the latest models will compare once I have to buy a new pair..", "I have flat feet and am always looking for well cushioned. lightweight workout shoes. These were recommended by DVD instructor Jessica Smith in her blog. Well, they are wonderful. They have great arch support and cushion and work well for forward and lateral movement. Highly recommend these shoes!", "Love these running shoes.  Nice looking and have support.  I wish they still made them, but each year the style gets tweaked just a tiny bit.", "Fit perfect, very comfortable,feet don't get tired compare to other sneakers even after a long day ,,highly recommend, fast shipping", "I was unsure at first because of the price but when i wore them! wow!! so comfortable and look great with everything. So happy i made this purchase!", "A nice lightweight, comfortable running shoe offering good support however some sections of the sole are glued on individually rather than being a complete mould and wore/fell off after minimal wear", "I am so in love with this pair of shoes.  The fit is perfect and they are very comfortable. I work out with a trainer and am starting to run, the shoes accommodate both activities.  Only thing was shipping seemed slow or maybe I was just too excited to receive them :)", "LOVE THESE SHOES!! I bought these after a friend gave them a great review and am SO happy that I talked to her about them! They are VERY comfortable - you may want to purchase 1/2 size larger than normal...I did that on her suggestion, and the size 8 fit me like a glove! Looking forward to my foot healing (of course, I had to injure it right after getting the shoes), and starting some running with these! The shipping was VERY fast...I will recommend these shoes to anyone!!", "These have been my primary running shoes for the last 8 months, and I can confidently say that they are great shoes. They provide a decent amount of stability without being overly rigid, and are quite comfortable. I wear them for races, trail running, and treadmill training, and they perform great on all of them.They do have pretty thick soles, so be careful that you don't fall into the trap of heavy heel-striking; these shoes are so comfortable you could probably start doing it without realizing it, unless you are thinking about it.Overall, I definitely recommend these as general race and training shoes.", "The sole of the shoe is more of a neon blue than it looks like in the picture but I LOVE these shoes. Super lightweight, cute and comfy.", "So I have small feet. I usually wear a size 5-5.5 but I found that Nike running shoes run a little small. For reference I wear size 5 Uggs (they become so loose though!) and these Nikes fit me very well. I've had these since May 21, 2012 and I'm STIL USING THEM. And they look and fit exactly the same as they did when I first got them. However I only use this for light walking and everyday wear, not running.", "Very uncomfotable im a nurse and I wore these as my work shoe the in side of the shoe is wearing out and gave me blisters iv had them for a month", "These shoes are awesome! They are cushy without feeling tight on your feet. Good arch support, very light to walk and run in. I sometimes wear a 7, but this fits much better as a 7.5. Err on the side of roomy, I'd say.", "this shoe is the by far the best that i have ever used for running ... i am a amateur runner and do it purely to stay fit ..... but am plagued by a Plantar & ITB pain in the my right leg and it troubles me no end .. this show is built perfectly for me and i just love it ... the balance seems perfect, the cushioning just right and love the colours :-) ( little vanity ) ..... i am presently using a lunar glide 4 and this is not a patch on the pegasus trail running shoe and am waiting for a opportunity to change over to my old favourite", "I recommend the Lunarfly+3 sneakers for all runners because they are very light and comfortamble.  Unfortunately the number 4 is not as good for me as these,  and they were discontinued. Lucky me I found a pair at Amazon!!!", "This is my second pair and I love these!  They fit great and are so comfortable!  So thankful amazon had them!", "The shoes are comfortable and lightweight, the color is nice I liked it, but I must say that is much stronger than it looks in the pictures. The color is like a neon orange, really shocking.", "Theses running shoes arrived in sound packaging and appear just as advertised and in good time.  They are are a gift and therefore I have no comment on how well the workmanship will hold.", "I absolutely LOVEEE these shoes. I wear them to work everyday and they're SOOO comfortable. I HIGHLY recommend these shoes. Great price!", "Very light weight which is great, but they aren't too durable. Very cute style. Love the colors. I've had them for less than a year and they're getting a hole in the toe. For the price, I'd still get another pair.", "Just as bright as pictured. Great buy (better than local) and fast delivery. Comfy, sized right. Really happy with them. Recommend for the runner in you.", "As a runner with a number of foot issues, these are absolutely the best shoes for me. I actually bought these for the second time as NIKE has discontinued this model and the update was not an improvement for my feet.", "The nike shoes are my favorite trademark because they are confortable to do exercises and I love its models and colors", "After reading the first review, was ready to buy. Hoping that the size listed was US sizing, it was.  Usually buy an 8, but the 8 1/2 are fine.  Had seen them  on the feet of a co-worker and liked the colors. Was very happy to find them at a great price on Amazon.", "Don't like the look of them at all and whatever material is on the inside doesn't let a foot with a sock slide in easily.  They're supposed to be a walking sneaker but I would definitely never walk in them.  Bad purchase on my part.", "Ordered a size 6.5 and received size 8. This was a present for my wife and had a friend bring to Brazil for me. Unfortunately when it got here the size was wrong. No way of returning easily from Brazil, as international shipping is costly and there are tax implications. Very disappointed that such a simple thing like size could get screwed up.", "Great ride right out of the box. Favorite model from Nike. Fits snug like a shoe should without being tight. This is my 11th pair of LunarGlides and they make me so happy.", "These shoes are on the way to goodwill.  I ran in Lunar Glides for 4 models and had no issues. On the Nike site you can select something like cushion or firm.  I would normally select cushioned.  When I purchased these there was no selection.  A few long runs 8-12ish and my feet hurt! I was shocked how bad these were. These are firm, and hurt my feet, even just wearing around the house.", "I have narrow to normal foot and these are a bit big/wide. Nice cushioning, but it is a bit sloppy for me. I have tied them tighter to help with this and it does help, but still a bit loose.", "I have a problem with the side of my foot rolling outward and it causes pain on the side of my foot and ankles .  These shoes have a little extra support on the side of the shoe and its a big help . No pain while doing regular walking around the house . I cant wait to try at the park .", "With my high arches, these shoes are exactly what I needed. I put a lot of miles on them (from walking and jogging). They are the most comfortable running shoes I've ever owned.This is my 3rd pair of lunar glides. :)", "These are supposedly the ONLY motion control shoe that Nike makes. They were inexpensive, and feel very cushy. I stood in them for a good 8 hours and my feet were not fatigued at all. Love the fun color combo. The material breathes very well, and isn't binding at all.", "Love these....both the fit and bright colors.  Being 71  doesn't have to be dull.  Thanks Nike for another great pair of shoes!", "Love this shoe, even though I'm not a runner.  The Nike guys told me it would be a good shoe for wearing around school, and they were absolutely right. I'll get another pair. The toe box is also roomy and does not pinch any toes..", "I'm basically a beginner runner/jogger. I've been running for two years now. I've had two pairs of Nike Lunarglide, this being my second pair.I find these shoes very comfortable and help my form- I tend to run on the outside of my feet without these shoes. I absolutely love thee running shoes and recommend them.", "Really pleased with the neutral color (goes with everything) and they are very comfortable like most of mike Nike shoes.", "The quality of the product is ok but not well made at all. I bought them for my mom and lighter color was expected. The green color is so flashy !!!!!", "I Love this pair of shoes!! it's so light, modern and fits perfectly. I saw this same style at the mall and the price was double. I would definitely recommend this to everyone!!", "good sneaker..one thing is the back portion up by your ankle is a little thick and takes some getting used to but other than that...good stuff", "I bought these shoes to wear for exercies and they fit ok. They are a little loose but not enought to cause to much trouble. They do get dirt fast and are hard to clean but its a shoe.", "These shoes are great! They look as good as they do in the picture and Nike Air seems to be the most comfortable shoe they make.  They can be a bit pricy but when standing on concrete all day or if you inflict some other torture on your toes, then these shoes are worth every penny!", "my shoes are amazing, i'. so glad for this purchase, the fit as expected and the blue and grey combination are wonderful, I love it!!!", "I used for one month and get flat the air part :(So i don,t know why happend that .", "the price is abusive i can find it in stores for the half of that i demand a reduction of the price because i want them but this price is ridiculous.In spite of that the product is good", "I really like the look of these 2012 Nike Air Max shoes, with the silver on gray, and the transparent soles. They are comfortable, though not as cushioning compared to other running shoes I've had in the past. Perhaps if worn in more, they might become less stiff and feel more \"soft\".", "My husband gave me a pair of these for Xmas and I am absolutely in love with them.I have three annoying and painful conditions: a bulging disk (L4/L5), lateral patellar maltracking (fancy way of saying that my knee caps don't like to stay where they belong), and heel fat pad syndrome (inflammation of the fatty tissue of the heel, feels like your bones are hitting the pavement with every step.)  I'm not as much of a mess as all that makes me sound, but seriously, that stuff hurts. When I wear these kicks my feet are happy, my knees hurt much much less, and my back can keep up with me for much longer. I have a closet full of sneakers and these are easily, hands down, my absolute favorites. All that plus they are nice looking! I've gotten comments on them at the gym.They are expensive, I likely would not have bought them for myself because of the cost, but after running and going to the gym in them I know they are worth every penny. In fact, I plan on buying another pair!", "This shoe is unlike any other Nike shoe I have ever worn. I am not even sure it is a real Nike product. It is not true to size, much larger than usual Nike's in the same size, it is heavy, clumpy and a plastic mess. It is the most uncomfortable $170 shoe I have ever spent my money on. So extremely disappointed. I have contacted the seller and am sending it back! Don't buy!", "I've worn my Nike Air Max+ 2012 shoes for both running and gym workouts for over a year now, and am looking to buy another pair, but finding it hard to make a purchase due to two issues with the previous pair.First, one shoe started squeaking (a hole in one of the air chambers) within two months of wearing them only indoors.  I know I didn't puncture it, thus there was a manufacturing flaw.  It wasn't significant enough to deflate the cushioning, and other than the noise, not noticeable when wearing the shoe.  I generally have a headset on while working out, so not a big issue.A bit of research on this subject located a lot of people who purchased the shoe having similar issues, many significant enough for them to return the product.Second, I wear a size 9.5 in most brands, but always size up in Nike to a 10.  In these I got a 10, but really needed a 10.5 (they were out when I went to exchange them).  I never have been able to wear even thin socks with these shoes due to the sizing, so if you order - go one FULL size up and you should be good to go - unless you want to wear them barefoot.TheNike+ Stand Alone Sensor Kitfits easily into this shoe and paired with my iPod without a hitch.  I've never felt it underneath my foot, which is as it should be.Overall, I enjoy the comfort, styling and fit of this shoe. They are lightweight and perform well, but if purchasing them, be aware of the smaller sizing and the possibility of squeaky shoes.", "These Air Max Blue Glow shoes are awesome!  I walk about 4 miles a morning and these are light, bright and support your feet while letting them breathe.  The toe box is generous but not sloppy - just right for a medium width foot.  Love them!", "Love thus red runner. I actuallly bought it to wear to work, because I'm a teacher.  It held its comfort level all day.  Seems like a solid shoe and well balance for support.", "Upon trying these shoes on for the first time, I thought they were going to be too small. However, after breaking them in at the gym they fit perfectly and soooo comfortably. Worth every penny because my feet do not hurt, as they used to, during or after working out. I work out intensely, so these shoes are superb quality so far. In addition to being the most comfortable gym shoes I have ever owned, they are the most stylish too. The only reason that I rated them 4 stars is because I would like to see how long they last. I will update after a few months or so.", "After six months of everyday wear, which consists of nothing but standing, the soles where the &#34;air&#34; is kept has leaked. How? I do not know. These are not used for exercising, nor are they used for heavy lifting. Considering the obvious cost, do not buy if you wish to get the most out of your money. Yes, they are very lovely, but the physical features come at a pricey cost.", "At first I loved these shoes they felt great. About 2 months after I bought these the right shoe must have got a crack and it no longer has the nice cushion like the left shoe. It happened after the 45 day return policy and now I am stuck with some expensive shoes that I can no longer wear! Would purchase from a better quality company because most of the time they would work with you and exchange the pair.", "I will continue to buy!!i stocked up- and the black looks great in the gym,on the streets and just out doing errands!!Continue to make Nike!!", "I wanted a gray sneaker to wear to match some gym clothes I have. Of course I wanted a comfortable sneaker too. I have other Nike sneakers, but have never tried the Air Max. I tried them on when they arrived and they fit perfectly!! Even when I put on thicker socks, they still were comfy!! I put them to the test at the gym. An hour of weight training, hour of cardio, 15 mins of abs. I jumped, ran, walked, planked, did lunges, squats, etc. and my feet felt like I was walking on clouds!!!! Very comfy and stylish!!", "She is gorgeous, and the runnings shoes make her day, My girlfriend says she is so very happy with the purchase of these 2012 NIKE AIR MAX in the light blue.  Shipping came in nicely, she wore them to work the next day.  On her feet all day long, she is already a ball of energy.  These running shoes not only provided ulitmate comfort, but when she got home she was all smiles.  She receive many compliments on these 2012 Nike Air Max in light blue.  After all of these positive comments my girlfriend had to say about the running shoes, I also purchase a pair for my Mom age 65.  Not a runner but she loves them.  An odd present I know but she received them on mothers day along with the shoebox filled with a beautifully arangement of life -like spring daisies.  She just loved the idea and says her size 8.5 is a perfect fit.  My girlfriend with her cute little 6.5 says also they are a perfect fit.  I know how to pick'm for the ladies in my life.  Excellent buy!", "I really like these new shoes. I found the size to be a bit larger. But they are really comfortable for someone that works on their feet all day. They are hard to clean and I'm not brave enough to throw them in my washer.", "I was happy with my purchase, product was as decribes, and arrived on time. The only reason i am not giving it 5 stars is because of the price. A bit too expensive.", "Bought these shoes for my wife and she loves them. They are as good as the ones at the nike outlet or better...", "excelente la compra de este articulo muy responsable llego tal y cual como se esperaba lo recomiendo para futuras compras", "I work a 12 hour shift as a nurse and I am on my feet all day.  This is the best shoe I have found for all day comfort and support.  The color goes perfect with my uniform (Royal Blue). I have purchased alot of shoes for my aching feet and at the end of the day there is no comparison.  This shoe is the best hands down!", "I got these shoes to wear to Disney World.  They are so bright and blue.  I have several pairs of AirMax and they are all so comfortable for my aging feet.  I recommend them.", "These shoes are a beautiful blue and so comfortable.  I love Air Max.  Light and cool and comfortable.  Perfect for days with lots of walking.", "Love my new running shoes very comfortable I definitely recommend thanks for the great delivered and I love the color thanks for the t shirt", "Nike womens go get before i buy my chick another pair, you know - at first i did not want to buy without checking them out &  twirking them but i got mine u go get yours u will be-- good all good", "love these shoes. so comfy. and the color is a bright coral. i use for daily gym use. i could recommend. note: these shoes ran big compared to other nike shoes.", "I like the air max brand. Once I started wearing them there is no other shoe that feels right wearing. I can stand longer and walk for longer periods without worrying about sore feet.", "A pair was given to me as a gift last year.  Love them and fits well with the orthotics I must wear.  I ordered another pair because I liked the first pair so much.", "Great service and used the PO. Delivered right to my house. Shoes are so comfortable. Like walking on a cloud.", "These shoes fit great and are comfortable. They have a lot of cushion and provide a lot of support. You can also wash them and they wear well.", "These sneaks were for my wife.  She is a physical education teacher and is on her feet all day.  She loves them.", "these are by far the best sneakers ever! very comfortable and seem to have a good cushion on the heel....", "Wearing this to the gym gives me so much compliments ,the color is divine and very comfortable in the treadmill", "These shoes look good and these shoes are comfortable. I do not regret that it bought. Size such as in the description.", "I was so excited to know they had my shoe, I was shipped out fast & I got it sooner than I thought it would. I asked for a 9 1/2 & got a 9 lucky i can wear them an dont have to send back.", "these r my FAVORITE shoes i have ever boughten. i love the style and the grey white and black go with pretty much everything . they are fairly narrow at first but they do stretch out! love them", "I was very happy to find them, although the price was very high. These shoes are my favorite.Thx.so much", "My wife is an RN on her feet all day. These are the only shoes she has found (believe me she has tried many different brands) that give her the support she needs", "I thought I would be super excited but I wasn't, they look cheap and they are not as comfy as expected.  I would not buy another pair of these ever again.", "I've run in Nike shoes for the past couple of decades and the Air Max has been my top preference for years. It was time for a new pair and I bought these online in my usual size 7 in mango. Sadly, they resemble cheaply made over-sized clown shoes. I could live with the hideous color and look of the shoe if they fit right and had decent support, but they don't. The shoe consists of cheaply made plastic lowers with flimsy mesh uppers, yet the shoe feels heavy, clumsy, and bulky. I've always taken a size 7 in Nike but these are not true to size--lots of extra room in the toe box that would only work right if you have pointy little tippy toes. It's not surprising that this Air Max+ 2012 ranks poorly on durability. I bought them directly from Nike.com, which promises free returns if you register on the Nike site. But I've already spent over an hour on the phone trying to get the prepaid return shipping label but still haven't received it because they claim that the system isn't working right. I read some reviews on other sites stating that the air deflates from the sole area rendering this shoe useless for running after only a short period--again not surprising when you see how cheaply made this shoe looks and feels. Nike just isn't the quality brand it used to be.", "I love the support, I can walk for hours without having back pain- yeah.  have tried all the other brand shoe but nothing is as comfortable and has support as this one.", "My daughter loved the shoes, little loud for me, but shes wearing them. She can be seen coming that's for sure.", "These are great running shoes for the neutral plus runner.  They are narrow and felt a little tight in the front (I have wide feet but still got B width in these) but they loosened up and are fine now.  I've suffered from planter fasciitis and these are the only ones that stood the test of time.  They may be a heavier shoe compared to others, but you don't realize it after wearing them a little.  I haven't found anything with great cushion (that lasts 6 months) and style to match this.  Buying another pair this week!", "I am a runner and this is a great shoe for such .. however I am not a huge NIKE fan .. these are a bit big so you might go down a 1/2 size", "I searched for this particular model because I'd had a previous pair that I was looking to replace. I thought that I'd gotten a great deal on these--even though they were the 2012 model, but these shoes were no where near as comfy and quality as the first pair that I owned--in which I'd purchased at a local shoe store. On the outside, it looks like exactly the same shoe--except for the differences in color, but on the inside, there was no comparison between these shoes and my previous pair. I could not even wear these shoes for the purpose in which I'd purchased them for--which was to run in. These shoes does not have good heel and sole support, the air bubble seemingly serves no purpose other than design. I am very disappointed, and have learned my lesson with buying shoes from  somewhere other than a local shoe store where I can actually try the product on!", "Awesome shoe.  I have been buying Air Max since 19 since 1979 have never bought another brand or type.  Love them!", "These are a very comfortable pair of shoes my wife loves them she said its like walking on air would recommend them for anyone", "My shoes came in and I am loving them! Comfortable and cheaper than in the stores! Very stylish, yet simple!", "I needed a black pair of sneakers for work and tool the chance on paying a high price for a shoe I'll wear every day. SOOO worth it! Though I'm probably going to wear then out quickly I strongly recommend this shoe for anyone Who is on their feet for long periods of time!", "Really enjoyed this shoe would buy again. Used for work which is 12 hour shifts on cement. I treated the screen areas before wearing for protection from spills. Wiped clean.", "a little narrow in the toe box area. My feet are medium width and these run narrow for the medium width. But overall very nice shoes and I ordered a solid black pair for work. The cushion insoles are awesome and why i buy these shoes. I can stand on my feet all day at work and my feet not hurt at all at end of day. I plan to order womens air max 2014 soon as soon as I can find a orange pair that isn't sold out.  So far I've spent over $300 on women's nike air max 2012 shoes so that should tell you how much I like them overall.", "Not bad. But not the same quality as older versions by Nike.  Quality is going down I think.  Nice Colour though", "I wasn't able to get my size from the local outlet.  And these are absolutely my favorite shoes.  I don't run, but I put on alot of miles and with these shoes on I don't end up with aching feet at the end of the day.", "Wonderful shoe and the color is fabulous. Always get compliments on color, very bold neon green. Great running shoes and extremely comfortable. This is my second pair and would buy again", "This was a gift for a friend.  I have been told that the shoes are awesome and fit great.  That they are true to size.", "The shoe has great arch support, but very heavy. As a runner, I was looking for something lighter. I have tried other brands and other types of Nikes but the Air Max is the only one I've noticed with good arch support for an high arched foot. The seller did great with getting the order to me in a timely matter.", "Not quite as baby pink as I had hoped. Color is a little on the peach side of pinks!! Really Comfortable!!", "Great tenis! Very beautifull and real quality!  It is as shown in the photo. Very confortable and the way I like. It arrived by the time they said.", "I wear these shoes every day.  They are extremely comfortable.  They gave excellent support.  Love the color.  They seems to run true to size.", "My boss bought these shoes for me in Hong Kong and upon wearing them I loved the feel! They were extremely comfortable and easy on my ankles. BUT within the first 3 hours of wearing them at my local supermarket I leaned to one side and the air bubble popped! I didn't worry for the first few months but recently when running, exercising and even walking I felt my heel touching the ground and it made an extremely unpleasent noise as the air continued to escape. If these shoes don't pop I reccommend them, but once they pop they aren't useful at all.", "This is my second pair.  The shoes are light which is perfect for running. It's a beautiful color.  And I always get compliments.The thing I didn't like was the fact that when I received the box it said &#34; price $175&#34;. And I paid 240. So shop around and you will find it for less. That's the only reason I gave 4 stars.I would greatly recommend this product.", "NIke air max is truly like walking on air.  It is fashionable and comfortable.  Fireberry is a great color-many compliments.", "Very good and comfortable, it came in excellent conditions. My wife was charmed with the color and the frivolous of the shoe, as well as the comfortable thing for the activities of high place I strike.", "They are very comfy and stylish!  The best part is they are lightweight and I love how air flows through them...", "I always purchase Nike. I know I can rely on the fit, comfort and support I need.An extra bonus of late ,are the awesome colors you can choose from.My fireberry Nikes can be seen for miles, which is great when running on busy streets!Fit, comfort , and Yes Fashionable!Love my Fireberries", "I think it's the way it contours around your foot to give it extra arch support. It reminded me of getting my ankles wrapped when playing NCAA sports. I'm still an athlete and Champion Bodybuilder so proper footwear is very important to me when training in the gym, walking my dog, or standing around all day! You want to be wearing these shoes for all of your daily actives because it feels like you're walking on air!", "Bought these for my daughter who was having an issue with shin splints.  The shoes seem to absort a good amount of shock as they have alleviated some of her pain.  They are on the expensive side but it's worth not having the burning sensation in your legs.  She loves them.", "These shoes are so comfortable and pretty, I just ordered one more pair.  I really like the shock absorption when I walk and run:)", "I bought these shoes as a replacement for my worn out running shoes that are exactly the same.  I love the neon colors and was so happy to be able to get these again. Since they were manufactured in 2012, they are no longer available at my local sporting good store.  They are brand new, in original box exactly as I expected.  The shipping was much quicker than I expected.  Everything about the order process went better than expected!  Would order from Amazon and this retailer again.", "I boought this shoes for run, they are confortables and very beautiful.  looks good with my jeans also and the color is pretty nice.", "Los usare por siempre y exelente producto  hace mas de 4 meses que los estoy utilizado y los comprere de nuevo", "By far the best running shoe I have ever bought. I am a flat foot runner so its hard on my knees and hips when I run but these shoes make my impact more cushioned and I feel so much more comfortable. Very breathable too and I think they look real cool as well. Worth the money.", "I was very disappointed at the color - I wish the description indicated that it was a dark purple and not dark blue. Fit true to size and seem to have good support.", "I love the way they feel on my feet. I recently have had several surgeries on my legs and it's hard to walk due to the pain these shoes support my feet and relive the pressure and pain I usually have.", "These shoes are amazing!  Each step you take is wonderful and you don't want to take them off.  The price was definately worth it, and the search was over when I slid this shoe on my foot.  Highly recommend and I can't wait to start running again!", "Super comfortable, sleek and elegant styling.  I'm not wearing them for running but everyday use.  They go with everything and are perfect for days when hours of walking, like going to the zoo, are on the schedule.  They have great support in the arches and are very kind to your feet and legs!", "I freaking love these awesome, beautiful, blue Nike shoes! They fit perfectly and  the colors are great. I am on my feet 12 hours a day for 4 days straight and these shoes make it a little more tolerable.", "I already have had a pair for 1 year, could not find them any where.  Thank you Have good day", "I love the color and it looks and feels great! I love to run and walk in these  shoes, they are comfy and adorable!", "I absolutely love these shoes. I only wear Nike Air Max. They are like pillows on my feet. I love their colors as well.", "Bought as a gift and the person that received them certainly seemed to be pleased. I'll know more once she uses them", "I bought these in gray and size 9.  I usually wear 8.5 in sneakers but Nike's seem to run small. They go with everything and are great sneakers for running, if you can get your size right.  I feel like maybe I could have gone a whole size up , but am not sure because I didn't end up exchanging them.", "This is my second pair, and goes with the 4 pair my husband has.  These are the most comfortable shoes - for working out, for working when you're on your feet all the time, or for just walking around.", "Loved it! Beautiful and efficient! They are exactly what I expected from a running shoes. Nike is the best brand for me.", "I love these shoes, however, the toe area needs reinforcement.  Both of my shoes have holes in the toes already and it has only been 2 months.  For the money, I think they should have lasted longer.", "If you're a runner or want for casual use, this is your shoe! Super comfy, great support, A++++.I always ran in Lunarglide or Pegasus, these shoes even top them!", "Geat. I'm using the Vomero line since 2010 for walking and casual wear, the Vomero is fantastic. It's my 5th.", "Good for runner with over weihgt, in fact, its one of the best if you are over weight and whant to run.", "these are the most comfortable shoes i have worn yet! i bought some zigs and really enjoyed them, but these shoes are even better for comfort. i will admit that the zigs seem to keep your feet cooler but im very pleased. the seller did a great job and i will be ordering another pair soon!", "I loathe to run for sports. I hate it. I refuse to do it and I don't in these shoes. I do, however, walk a lot for my job and this is the only shoes that don't leave my knees and high arches aching for mercy at the end of the day. I strongly recommend these shoes.", "I weight 270 pounds and was looking for a shoe that was comfortable to work in for twelve hours a day. I lovelove love these shoes, they are the best shoes for people that need extra support in a shoe.", "I got these in black for my son as work out/running shoes. He's 15 & a size 11 & comfort is key! He can't stop saying how comfortable they are. They are light weight, flexible and breathable too. So although that cost a little more then I wanted to spend they are a great quality shoe.", "When I wanted to check out a running shoes for my early morning jogging schedule I could think of no other brand than Nike. But Nike has a whole lot of shoe range choosing one would be a tough job. But I managed to get one that I wanted the most, the best running shoes ever by Nike. Free Run+ 2 running shoe is the one I was looking for. It gives me a feel as if I run barefoot, the design is so light.The Nike natural motion technology helps in giving a smooth run, reducing on any chance of injury. It gives flexible support for my feet thereby giving a relaxing feel. This one piece design is working great on my foot.", "Feel so lite, like it is cheap or something. However a very sturdy, comfy and supportive, high performance, drop dead gorgeous shoe. 3 thumbs up!", "These shoes are amazing, they're super light, and so comfortable with how the soles flex so much. They did take a little getting used to. In the store (Footlocker) I thought they were not for me, but I'm glad I gave them a chance. They're awesome.", "so, i got these because i run 5 miles a day and i was doing it in converse.. if youve ever ran in converse youll understand why i got a new pair of shoes. i wear these everyday and not always for running. when yoou do start wearing them all day long you have to get use to them so they do hurt for a couple days if your standing 8+ hours. they look amazing and i get compliments on them all the time. im a shoe guy so people see me in a ton of sneakers and most people say they like these more then any other pair. oh.. AND THEY BREATH! so your feet dont get hot. im so excited to get the free run 3's!", "These shoes are very comfortable and lite.  I use these for running, walking, or even a casual day out.  Looks great with shorts.  Be careful not to scuff the shoes because they are difficult to take out.  Other than that, I would definitely purchase these again.", "The shoe is nice. Very lightweight and gives great support. Shoe is very hard to find in this color scheme, though.", "I got these for my son who is a runner and loves the Nike Air Max running shoes.  This pair was a bit rigid - the tongue seems to be too big (long) for the shoe, and it took a few days to break in.  Next time we will probably check out a different style, but still stay within the Nike family.", "I never thought he would wear these because of the colors, but he loves them.  He wears them all the time. He says they are very comfortable.", "Lasts forever great shoe!", "I like this shoe better than the 2013.  I tried the 2013 and sent it back looked for the 2012 to replace the shoe I wore out after putting 560 miles of running on them.  I found them hard to find.  Definitely worst the price I paid.", "I have been running with Nike shoes for the last 6 years, and have just made the switch from Nike SHOX to these , and I am impressed, your whole foot feels like its running on squishy carpet , the outside is very lite and thin, these are not leather or plastic, to save on weight, laces as always are great and the tongue is almost paper thin as well yet holds firm during flat out runs, have put about 10 miles on them and i did not have any foot numbness or slip inside the shoe wearing normal socks, if you looking for a total foot coverage these are it, medium gate at medium wide build , spring is medium high and toe traction is medium high , very mush worth the $160 paid", "I bought these shoes for my gym workout, they are very confortable and perfects for this work, very recommended shoes.", "I actually have three pairs of these shoes. I have some issues with my feet, knees, and back, so after buying my first pair I knew I needed a few more as it is hard for me to find good shoes for me. Great cushioning, wider fit. Very happy with the purchase.", "when i got this pair of nike i just loved it .. fitted well and was comfortable. Though it was a running shoe i really did not use it for running or even moderate exercises .. only occasional (very far and few between) sessions on the treadmill (not for long durations again ..)when i really got serious for some serious training and started using this nike i was due for a surprise.after some regular walks and runs and training and heavy using, i started developing a pain in my achilles tendons .. there was a slight swelling and it hurt during walking or running .. it used to get better when i stopped for a few days and again came back when i started (always using this pair of nike)then one day after it got a little better with rest, i thought let me change my shoes and i took out my old reebok and started using it .. i was pleasantly surprised that when i started using my reebok, the pain and inflammation on my achilles tendon did not come back.i have not gone back to the nike since &#8230;", "The most comfortable pair of shoes I have ever owned!! The fact that I can use the chip for my iPod to track my running is an added bonus. I LOVE these shoes and I'll be sad when they're too worn out to wear", "this is a brand which I allways use and I am more than satisfied with nike. this running shoes are so light you cant even imagine. Great product.", "I love that shoes they are great :)))))) very comfortable, that why I love them I love air maxtraining and running with it are very comfortable too, buy that product THEY ARE GREAT!!!", "The product was great and 100 percent AuthenticNike shoe! Exactly what I wanted and I am completely satisfied with my product.", "I really love these shoes comfort level.I m a big and tall guy who is always up and down roofs,these shoe provide great support and comfort.There is only a bit of issue when the soles get wet.They get a little slippery.But they are supper great in all other aspect,also your feet are  ventilated and cool through out the day.", "i love these sneakers! They are comfortable and making my running experience better!I'm thinking about getting another pair in a different color@!!!", "I live in the city and have found that Nike's \"Air Max\" shoes work well for protection from the sidewalks I mostly run on. I am a bigger dude (215) and can get by in a neutral shoe like this (if you need stability, look elsewhere). I bought these to replace the 2010 Air Max Tailwinds I had been running in previously.Overall very nice shoe--Fit was improved over the 2010's and the cushioning is stellar. I feel very fresh even after a long run in these shoes. I had hoped they'd hold up pretty well since the midsole is primarily polyurethane, and they have in fact been very durable.Only downside is that the forefoot was rather stiff at first and took a few runs before it broke in and became adequately flexible. But again, since then the shoe has been perfect.So, if you want a stout neutral cushioned shoe and like the feel of Nike Air cushioning I would expect you'd like 'em too.", "The specified product arrived timely and in good repair. It was checked and found to be in good fit and free of defects.", "I chose this because I heard about how light and flexible they are. They are so comfortable and I have recommended it to other people.", "i have a pair of the nike free 7.0 and they are very comfortable.  these on the other hand are not as soft and form fitting as the 7.0.  also its arch support sucks.", "Fast delivery.  It shipped out to an APO address in about a week. The shoe is great. I have had foot problems with every shoe i use when running.  Bottom of my foot always seems to hurt.  With these shoes i have no problems.  I think its because my foot can stretch more with them.  Best shoes for running i have ever had.  Also a good gym shoe cuz they be light weight...", "I've tried other variants of Nike's Free line of shoes, notably the Free 7's, which admittedly fit the groove of my feet better, but were a little narrow, causing discomfort on the outside my right foot. I don't have the same issue with these thankfully, so if you're a guy with wider feet these are actually a good option.In terms of performance on the road and track, they work. The Frees are light, incredibly flexible and offer increased sensation for your feet when you run. Really, the feeling is pretty cool especially if you're used to typical running shoes. However, that liberation comes with increased responsibility. Nike Frees don't offer any real support. You can't heel strike in these -- you can and could, but you will most likely get injured. You have to change your running style, learn how to run on the balls of your feet and keep your technique in mind. That brings me to the point: these are hybrid running shoes, offering the flexibility and light weight of minimalist shoe with more of the forgiving padding of a traditional running shoe. They're great shoes if you plan on gradually making the transition to minimalist/barefoot running and they're a fantastic option for the casual to advanced athlete looking for a good mix of style and function.Now here's the Big Problem, at least for me:  These shoes are awful trail/mountain running shoes. The waffle pattern offers little traction on dirt and inclines, causing you to slide as if you're skating. Do not run trails or run up hills in these, at least long rocky trails. It's something I've learned first hand and the number one thing any buyer (at least any trail runner) should know. Nike doesn't really have a Free Trail variant so I may just take the leap and go for Vibram Spyridons. Who knows.", "I've had these shoes for quite a while. Although I wouldn't consider myself a runner, I have run quite a few times in them. They are very comfortable fit and running on the road. If you hit some gravel they are not as great, but they are not made for running on rocks so I expected it.", "These running were very comfortable and thwre was no breakin period. The blue color was a different then the advertisment but not much. I like the run 2s better than the run 3s due to the design. These shoes do run small so make sure you order a size bigger. These shoes are made to wear without socks. I love them, great running in them and walking the dog.", "I work in a hospital and am on my feet all day long (12-16 hrs at a time). It's nice to know that these are so comfortable and can get me through the day. I usually rotate my Nikes- but lately I only wear this pair. I definitely have to get it in a few different colors! Awesome price- awesome shoe!", "I love the look of these sneakers. I would have them in a second, if it weren't for the fact that they are SO uncomfortable for me. I tried them on in Foot Locker and it was a NO for me. The heel is very firm, the arch is very high and the toe is very soft, making for a very uncomfortable fit. However, I see a lot of people wearing this sneaker, so for some people it must be comfortable. My advice would be to try these on first in a store, before buying online.", "It is very hard to find shoes that fit and for once not having to return them.When my son tried on these shoes and to see the look on his face was priceless because he said at last I found a shoes that fels good and finally fits my feet.we have been on other sites but this one is by far the best if your looking for great value on items", "I ordered this Nike running shoe to replace another pair of Nike's that were obviously at the end of their life.  The size was consistent, fit great, and I really like the orange color.  Good buy.", "I bought these for my daughter for volleyball. Awesome durability and colors are the perfect amount of. \"Bam\" that she was looking for. Recommended.", "Excellent Product , very comfortable to use for walking or running.Would love to own another pair on a different color.", "Bought these shoes a few weeks ago and absolutely love them.  Fit great and were comfortable right out of the box.", "I think Nike Free's are the best pair of shoes I've worn.  I have now have three pair of these.", "These shoes are the greatest thing mankind has ever made for running, they are really lightweight and it's cushioning is pretty much perfect. only problem is it is quite smaller, I recommend buy it 1 or 2 sizes larger for it to fit well.", "Most comfortable workout shoe I've ever worn.  Great for the feet for any purposes, including jogging and casual.  My daughter has a pair and loves them too.", "The shoe is authentic but it has a few mistakes that make me think they aren't authentic. Awesome shoe tho. Thanks for the product please sell more !", "I love these running shoes they are comfortable light and flexible. They are one of my favorite running shoes ever it feels like running in socks.", "I purchased these shoes just over a month ago, for use in the gym, and while running track & field. These are unlike any show I have ever had, they are supportive, comfortable and very flexible. I was amazed by how light the shoe is as well! Each one can't weigh more than a few ounces. I run in these shoes on a daily basis, on cement, track, dirt, grass, and everything in between. They clean easily, don't stain easily, and the color (blue) has not faded a bit. I highly recommend these shoes for any avid, or even occasional runners. They are also not bad for playing basketball in, which surprised me. They add a few inches to your vertical :D", "Always fancied nike over any of the competing brands shoes comfortable and looks good on feet . I ordered my friend a pair too", "I have several pairs of this racing shoe in different colors and it is so comfortable and lightweight for racing. This shoe I wore to the Susan G. Komem breast cancer race and it was so perfect in color. I got several compliments on the color!", "I love this shoe! Very comfortable, the make tired feet feel great! cute colors too I may just have to order another pair as they be gone when i wear these out and try to buy more.", "I love these shoes!!!  I have about 3 different pair of this shoe.  These are the most comfortable shoes I've found.  I'm a beginner runner and these are the only shoes that didn't leave blisters or bruises on my feet.  I highly recommend shoes.  The pink flash are my favorite ones!  I love the color!", "My wife's feet are a trifle little broader. Same sized shoes from a different well known manufacturer was painful to wear. This one fits snugly and comfortably. We are very happy with this purchase.", "Great shoes! I love them! I previously owned a pair of Nike Free Run 2s and these shoes have taken over. Not only do I punish them --as they provide GREAT comfort-- though 4mile runs and Insanity: The Asylum sessions, but they also look very stylish to be able to wear them while your out shopping, or school, or just anywhere casual. These are shoes are the ones I consider putting on regardless of what I'm going to be doing because they're so stylish and comfortable.", "Es lo k me esperaba fue una entrega muy buena y con buen empaque estoy muy satisfecho con mis zapatos..", "These are great for the price!I love walking around in nikes and these ones are perfect for everything that I do.", "original.  expectations completely filled.  arrived in the estimated time. good manufacturing. good good good good good good good good good", "............. awesome this  very nice good. i recommand this for other person. very .... i don't have word. hahah ...", "These shoes where great but my huband is so hard on shoes they didnt last not even a month the soles were coming apart and laces frayed", "a really great pair of going out sneakers. alot of my friends love the colors and people compliment me all the time on them. sizing is standard and fit well.", "Lite, durable, breathing, good for both activity types - indoor and outdoor (dry weather). For me - quite comfortable, but best is to try first!", "This shoe is great for working out or wearing around town, but I would not use them for running. I found them to run a small.", "muy lindos los zapatos a mi esposo le encantaron, son c&oacute;modos y se ven de buena calidad ahora esperemos que asi sea", "I brought the shoes to run in National Health Week for my organzation.  They are comfortable and I like them.  An excellent shoes!!!!!", "They are way too small don't know what I am going to do about it. What are my options? Mike Fowles", "I cannot say for certain if these are &#34;real Nikes&#34; or if they are cheap knocks offs, but the cushioning seems dissipate quickly after you start wearing them. Of course the cushioning was great for the first few weeks of just using only at work, but now my heals become sore and fatigued quickly after only a few hours of use. I have never used them for running; I use them for work as a Respiratory Therapist in a hospital working from 0700-1900 three days a week. I have had many Nike sneakers throughout my 21 years as a Respiratory Therapist, and these are by far the worse for my use at work. I will most likely start using them just as regular beaters for every day use.", "These are my 8th pair of Nike Lunaracer's.  I run 5 times a week and average about 10-13 miles per run.  I put A LOT of mileage on these shoes and find them to be perfect.  Very light weight-almost feels like a sock, yet supportive at the ankle and arch.  The shoe is a bit snug at the toe so after long runs when my feet swell a bit the shoe feels really tight, but its never too much to hurt.  Absolutely perfect shoes for long distance runners.  Great price and fast shipping!! Thank you", "THese are great.  Buy them... I love the color.  THey hold up well under some middle distance running. slip on and off very easily. I like them.", "love these shoes.  I bought a pair last year at a local store and went back to get them and they had no more.  Found them here.  I wish they had more.  Best running shoes by far!", "I just purchased these at the Nike outlet near me. They are very comfortable, have nice traction and they are super cute!", "I originally planned on buying these shoes, but when I went to the store to try them on I was disappointed. They look and feel cheap. Not something I was expecting from Nike. The soles of the shoes had a plastic feeling and they weren't as comfortable as I had hoped.", "These are the most comfortable pair of shoes I own. I absolutely love them and try to wear them whenever I can. A friend of mine also owns these and claims it makes his feet sweat and smell unusually bad, but I have not had that problem.", "I'm afraid I bought two pairs is Nike women's free run +2 -44381602 (9, black\\anthracite) and I only received one, so I am very disappointed!", "Bought overseas to Southeast Asia ,they loved the way it fit.Made over seas but not available to everyone over there", "The shoes were amazing, buy them in size 9.5 and got the same size as there were rumors that they were sending smaller sizes, but all perfect and delivery time was less than estimated, the texture is very soft shoe, inlets good and excellent for running, the long use and resist the use I give them.very good product, recommended", "Exelente zapatos muy comodos y confortables llegaron en buen tiempo a venezuela y de buena calidad todo bien lo recomiendo", "Love these shoes!!  I found they are better for walking than running or playing sports.  But they are cute and very comfortable.  When running/playing sports I got blisters and found the shoes to be uncomfortable.  It could just be my feet though and not the shoes' fault!", "Finding good running shoes can be difficult. You have to find a pair that fits your feet correctly. They can't be too big, too small, and they have to fit your arch. They need to be comfortably and something that you want to wear on a daily basis. The Nike Free Run 2+ are one of the best pairs of running shoes that I have ever worn.The Nike Free Run 2+ is made for running. If you like running on trails or on treadmills they are perfect for whatever you like to do. They are light weight so they don't weigh your fee down. They have a barefoot feel to them. They are designed so your feet have a natural range of motion and have cushioning for a smooth run. The Nike Free Run 2+ is made for anyone that likes cute comfortable shoes.The material the shoes are made of is waterproof and has little holes in it to allow your feet to breathe, so they don't start to smell. I recently ran outside after it had rained and they dried nicely. They do not have a tongue flap, so the shoe is connected at all parts. They come in a variety of colors. Ranging from bright blue and pink to black and red.The shoe can be found in almost any store that sells Nike shoes. They range in price from $80- $100, which is a little on the expensive side. Even thought they are expensive they are worth it. It can be hard to find a good running shoe so when you find one you really don't care how much it cost. They are very durable, so they last for their worth.The best thing about the shoes would have to be how comfortable they are. They have the barefoot feel without the impact and pains of running barefoot. The sole is nice and cushioning and has enough support for even the highest arches. The laces are angled so when tied they don't put stress on the top of your foot. Which any runner can tell you is very uncomfortable.Another good thing about the shoes is that they come in a variety of colors. They have the bright and the dark colors to match almost any outfit. They are made for both men and women. The shoes can be worn with your average athletic clothes or jeans and a t-shirt.The shoes are good for running on almost any surface. They are made to run on trails because they have some grip on the bottom that will help keep you stable. They are also good for sidewalks and treadmills because they are a low impact shoe. They are not sprinting shoes so do not purchase them thinking you are going to run a hundred mile dash.Besides the price of the shoe the one bad thing about them is that the material is hard to clean. Since it is mesh-like you can't just wipe it off. You can wash them in the washing machine, but I wouldn't recommend drying them. Sometimes they don't hold up very well in the dryer. Shoe cleaner works pretty well, but then you have to wait and let them dry.Finding good running shoes is a hard task to do, but it is worth the hassle when you find a good pair. The Nike Free Run 2+ is a comfortable shoe that is on the expensive side, but it is worth the price. I think that everyone should try the shoe on at least once. You will be sold.", "Couldn't find this shoe locally anywhere in my size.  So glad to have this online vendor with so many sizes available.  Thanks,  very happy with the purchase.", "I would love to order this shoe. However there is no size option provided.Please provide that option so that i can order this shoe..thanks", "Not only are these sneaks good looking,  they perform well for the price and are extremely comfortable.  Would recommend to a friend.", "I wear this every single day at work and I love it! It's very light and comfortable for my feet. I stand most of my shift and havent really complained about my feet being too sore. Just be careful of pouring any fluids because this shoe is not waterproof.", "These shoes make me enjoy the gym...as much as that's possible :) They are lightweight and flexible, easy to clean, and the color is great! I wear them to the gym but also took them hiking, tubing, and horseback riding on vacation. They withstood it all!", "I have found that most Nike running shoes with the Lunarlon foam are good for my job (Walmart), walking, and for working out at the gym.  I am not a runner, but do appreciate the cushiony feel of these shoes.  They are not as &#34;mushy&#34; as the previous generation of Lunarfly shoes, but still give me the cushioning I need for those long days of standing at Walmart.", "Just two words: Love them!!!!!! They are confortable, soft, light weight....normally i am siZe 6 or 6,5 but i got these on siZe 7 And the fit perfectly", "Best sneakers I have ever had. Running, dancing, walking they feel great. My feet roll out and the sides of my feet get sore. With these on my feet feel balanced, firmly planted. I absolutely love them. Will be buying more but not from here. From Nike.comThe pair I got from Amazon, the fabric is twisted on the left shoe. I didn't notice it at first but with both on it was really apparent. Sorry to put a bad review because the show is awesome!", "i am in love with these shoes! i have a wide foot and have difficult finding comfortable running shoes. i am so thrilled that these work perfect for me and the mango colors are perfect. they came super fast so i didnt have to wait long.", "I've been running since I was fifteen, so that makes it about ten years now. I need a new pair every two - three months (7 miles, give or take, per day, seven days a week on rough, gravely and dirt roads = going through running shoes like it's nobodies business, man).I've tried all the brands, finally finding that Asics was the best for me. I was never the biggest Nike fan but a fellow runner and friend told me about these.Like another reviewer, my feet roll out as I run and I also have high arches.This is a good shoe. My feet do not roll out and my balance is good.But I did need to buy an insert thank to my high arches.I was lucky to find this shoe at Nordstrom Off The Rack on sale for $49.99, otherwise I would not have bought a pair of Nikes for $90+ adding a custom insole.The best shoe for me has been any Asics gel model. Yeah, they aren't as \"cool\" looking and aren't as in your face \"LOOK AT ME! I'M A RUNNER!\" as Nike's, but I don't need to use another custom insole with them, they last, and they don't destroy my feet. :)", "I bought these for my husband since he is a huge Oakland Raider fan and the colors are perfect to go along with all of his fan gear. The shoes took awhile to &#34;wear in&#34; (the reason for 4 stars) but now he wears them all over the place.", "Hubby says took a while to break in and not a whole lot of cushion. But likes style and look", "its perfect.. like i want it..i recieve all good... and the nike its confortable... very beutifull.. and i recieve all just on the time they tell me... with nothing wrong", "For me this is quite a departure from the traditional running shoes I have used. They are very light weight.  The shoe fits like a glove and very comfortable with no slippage. The heel impact is noticeably softer. Time will tell how much punishment the \"four\" shock absorbers will take. I am not so much interested in looks as I am shock dampening. That being said, the shoes appearance has led to several compliments from my gym buddies. The heel cup is nice and snug. I really like how it laces up. (Very even distribution and again no slippage). Even though it is a running shoe I am very happy with how comfortable and stable it is for walking around the gym and lifting weights. I think it is a great running shoe...more later  jfm", "They took some time to break in, but afterwards have been just fine. i would buy these shows again. The look is just what I wanted, but the comfort is not as great as some other shoes I have owned.", "Bought these shoes for my son for school; it is only October 3 and they are falling apart.  SO disappointed to pay $93 and they don't even last 2 months.", "I've had Shox before and liked them. Finding them at this price made it an easy decision. Not the best color combo, but that's ok.", "I bought these shoes for my husband so we could start working out again. His only other tennis shoes are leather and his feet get really how when he runs. These shoes solved that problem! They keep his feet very cool, eliminated his shin splints, and look good with just about everything. We highly recommend them to men for function or fashion.", "My worst pair of Nike's EVER. Falling apart and the mesh does not stay white it turns yellow. Would not recommend.", "Recomiendo el zapato, a la persona que se los regale quedo encantada.. es un zapato super c&oacute;modo, liviano, suave y muy practico", "I really like my shoes they are confortable a little bit tight, but I was my fault because I should take in consideration that before buy them.", "I was thrilled to get another pair of Shox as these sneakers are becoming hard to find. I love the way I can walk or stand for hours in these sneakers with no back pain. I am hopeful that Nike will continue to carry this style.", "Very comfortable. Fit well. Nice looking. Breathable and perfect for my husband who is on his feet most of the day. Color is great and matches jeans well.", "I love these shoes! They are very light and well ventilated so your feet stay cool in the heat. Since they're Nike Shox, they also fit the bill for sharp and stylish. The icing on the cake: they're VERY comfortable.", "I was thrilled to get such a good deal on Nike Shox.  When you put on a new pair, it is like slipping into butter.  Not the case with these. They looked different, felt different, and made my feet ache.  Even though they hade the swoosh, I think that they were knock-offs", "I chose these athletic shoes because I liked the color scheme and the I am fond of the shox product shock absorption.Positives include:  1). mesh fabric is very cool.  I wore these shoes in the 4th hottest summer in St Louis history.2). Shoes are very light. 3). shock absorption is good.Negatives include:  1). light fabric/weight comes at expense of durability.  2).  Laces that came with shoes are way too short.  It's a minor thing but I've never purchased a pair of shoes with mismatched shoe laces in a store.  3).  Zero traction in mud.I would recommend these shoes for a single season's worth of weekend sports or light running on pavement or trail.", "These are a great addition to any closet.  Extremely comfortable, I can't wait to buy more pair in other colors", "These shoes are a favorite of my husband, nike is nike, he loves it and I bought wanting to surprise ... He loved ... I recommend ...", "They're a little tight above the ankle in the front at the top of the foot.  And the laces are poor quality.", "I love nikes, are really confortable to use and smooth when you walk and run.Im happy with it and totally recommend itThe price is high but quality is great and expected.", "I am writing this review well over a year after purchasing these shoes.  They are my only running / workout / tennis shoes that I own - I workout multiple times 3+ per week and these have held up.  I couldn't imagine not having these.  I will look for alternate colors in the future but don't plan on buying any different type of shoe.", "Do not buy these shoes! I bought these in desperation as my usual Nike faves were not available. If I had realized they were one of Nike's \"shox\" series I never would have purchased them. WAY narrower than standard Nike's, practically all plastic, including the sole, which has absolutely no rebound. There is no roll, rebound, or flexibility in these shoes. The materials started to fall apart after one week. Do yourself a favor and buy another style. Stay away from these! Gave 1 star because I couldn't give zero.", "I ended up buying more of other colors and would highly recommend to anyone looking for great comfort, style, and support for your feet.", "One of my favorite pairs, however I did not realize that the style was one year old. Paid as though it was a current edition and not a previous one. Still a good sneaker.", "Fits great and feels great on my feet! Wonderful shoe! They feel great and look great! I would definitely recommend these to anyone", "I bought this shoe for my brother as his request and style wise, he loves it, especially the color.  Comfort wise, he is always wearing it so i guess it must be comfortable.", "I originally bought these shoes as running shoes, but they look so nice I started wearing them to several difference places I went to. They go well with just about anything, especially dark denim. I've gotten a lot of compliments for these kicks, I would definitely recommend them.", "I got these to work with my Nike + iPod Touch app instead of putting the transponder between the laces of my other shoes.  I use Nike + on my iPod Touch and Scosche MyTrek on my Android phone to track my workouts and correlate the readings.  You will feel a breeze through them in cooler/cold weather so not always appropriate for everyday wear.", "These might actually be the best fitting shoes I have owned in my life, although I own a similar older version so I knew exactly what size to get. They look great without being flashy and I plan on using them both exercising and just every day wear.", "This shoe is comfortable as all heck. I walked a few miles when I first got them and got a blister on the back of my foot though.The bottom white part is surprisingly high, some people might be put off by that.These shoes give great support and are nice for my high inner arches.", "Luego de usar unos Adidas por un tiempo decid&iacute; comprar estos Nike para probarlos y los recomiendo porque amortiguan bastante la pisada. Se ven bien y son frescos para trotar.", "The quality and cushioning expected from Nike with a slight throwback appeal my husband likes. This is his second pair of this model bc he likes them so much. Called them his &#34;most comfy shoes ever&#34;. I would describe them as middle level in cushioning, probably not for pronators. The sole is low profile and somewhat flexible, so they feel very natural on the foot.", "very nice very happy. my cousins daughter likes them and they fit very well she is very happy thank you.", "Its very rare to find shoes that last these days. These Nike's do last. Due to the black material which doesn't look dirty - ever, and the very well built bottom sole - these shoes still look kind of new after a whole school year of wearing them EVERY DAY. We got the Lunar Forever in one school year and then the Lunar Forever 2 in the next school year. Unbelievably consistent across both. Thank you Nike!! I haven't had consistent results with my son's Nikes - which fell apart (literally) - but they weren't part of the Lunar line.", "I would suggest ordering half a size below your usual size. I am a 5.5 kids and these are more like a 6. They are doable, but in the long run will be left with the front bend (from too much space between sneaker and toes). It's more of a hassle to deal with shipping back and such so I'll just manage. That aside, the shoes are very nice and so far comfortable (minus the extra toe room).", "Well made but it was too small. It is smaller than a regular 6.5 looks really comfortable and it is a great shame there are no larger sizes.", "Asking my son to try these on, he replied&#34; very comfortable, great colors and kids at school wanted to know where they can find that style at stores.&#34;", "Great quality! These shoes have held up perfectly. I sprayed them with a protective coating so that may have helped,", "Great sneakers, exactly as described and very comfy!! They arrived on time and they are so adorable. These sneakers are great for people who have flat feet and virtually no arch because they dont give you that painful cramping feeling in your arch (well lack there of an arch) when you're running or working out!!", "These are very nice shoes. My son wears these shoes almost daily and they have held up very well. Great", "Producto perfecto, justo como guantes al pie!! Buen Embalaje para el envio la caja llego intacta en perfecto estado, Gracias desde Venezuela!!", "My 11-year old son picked out these shoes and loves them. The color is bright and he says that they are very comfortable.", "Love the fit and the color!! Get a lot of compliments on them! Great for running outdoor or for gym", "My son loves these shoes wears them all the time sometimes even to bed I'll be buying another pair soon.", "I bought these for my son.  He says they are comfortable and have held up well.  I would purchase these again.  Thanks Nike!", "I'm returning these because I wanted a red & white shoe.  They sent me a black, sliver, white & PINK shoe.  Overall it's a great looking shoe, but not what I ordered!!", "Exactly what I wanted. Good looking shoe and is very comfortable. There is no need to break them in. I am very satisfied.", "Was exactly what my 12yr old son wanted and when they arrived they did not disappoint. He loved the clear red sole/heel. Sizing was as expected. Happy to have found on amazon for a bit less then anywhere else I looked. Can't say how durable but I expect from what they look like they will last through the rest of the school year (about a semester)", "We love it!  My son fell in love with them.  Nike is a terrible mnc, but the shoes are great.  They fit well and look good.", "These are so much cuter in person.  My daughter fell in love with them.  After I purchased them my mom bought the same pair and now my sister wants them too.", "I bought these shoes for a family member as a gift and they loved them!  They came fast which made it even better", "My daughter loved the feel of the shoes. :-) She went with size 4.5 in boys and she wears regular women's size 7.", "These shoes are a little big and roomy on my feet, but I have narrow feet. Overall, I am pleased and have worn them many times already.", "Me quedaron un poco grandes, no me fije que la talla dec&iacute;a Big Kids, asi que compre una talla mas.", "Really was surprise to see how bright the pink was, i ordered a size bigger but it fit okay  jus love the color :)", "She was very excited to open this for her birthday present.  She thinks they are so &#34;cool&#34; and loves wearing them.  Company shipped as promised, product is as advertised", "My son loves the shoes. They fit perfectly and have been very durable under the abuse of an 11 year old boy.", "Perfect shoes for my son in middle school.  He wears them to gym and they still look clean!  They are dark so the only place to show dirt are the white bottom edge (where it's easier to clean anyway).  Fit is perfect too!", "The shoes were great and exactly as described.  However, they were too small for my son so we had to return them.  We were refunded immediately & effortlessly.  Thank you", "The shoes are nice looking, lightweight, and comfortable.  However, the sole pad wasn't glued in properly, so it rolls back at the toe area & feels sticky.  I would've tried returning them, but wr're on the middle of moving.", "I bought these for my son and he loves them. Excellent quality and very light weight. A little tough to slide on and off at first but got broke in in no time. He is rough on shoes, especially the toes but these are holding up perfectly. We will be buying a second pair when he outgrows these.", "My son in fourth grade loves these shoes. They fit well and are very stylish. The last pair held up very well.", "These are great running shoes. Purchased for middle schooler to run cross country.  Comfortable from the first time he put them on. Lightweight, flexible, no need to break in. We researched various shoe brands and styles, these turned out to be a great selection.", "I would give this a 5 star but, I ended up ordering the wrong size for my grandson.I have tryed to get a reply back for an exchange, but haven't gotten one. So I'm stuck with a cute pair of size 4 tennis shoe,s when I need a size 6. So they are usless to me. I guess I will be donating them.Other wise I like them.", "I am a womens size 7.5 and typically buy my Nike Free shoes in the womens dept. I noticed this youth shoe and tried to look up conversion for the size as I specifically needed this color. I was able to fit into a youth 6.5 and a 7. I bought both pairs as the price was so much less expensive buying these in youth rather than adult womens. They are comfortable and they look great! I have had more compliments than any $100+ shoe I own. I can wear them to the gym, to Disneyland walking all day and still feel like I look good and am comfortable.  These shoes are light weight. The only problem is now my son is embarrised becasue his friends all have the same shoes as his mom...(they also paid more in our local sporting goods store too) If anything that should make me cool, right? haha! If you have the chance and can fit into a youth size, try it I never thought it was an option but it saves money and you look good! Oh as far as seller and shipping... Everything went smooth and got them on time and in perfect condition. Since I have free shipping with Amazon I figured if the youth didnt work what did I have to lose Amazon has always been great with returns...", "There is no normal shoe faithful Air Ring Leader and shipping precious not to be a declaration of shoes", "fit percfect all good, arrived on time . . . . . . . . . . recommended . .", "Love the shoes", "These sandals looked great & would be very comfortable. My only issue was the sizing. I ordered a size 9 because that was the only size in stock in that style. I normally wear an 8 or 8 1/2 so I thought these would be fine. I was wrong! I ended up giving them to a neighbor girl who wears a 7 1/2...they fit her perfectly.", "I like these sandals. They aren't quite as nice as addidas, cause they are a looser fit around the foot. They are very comfortable and pretty.", "I had no problem fits great even came earlier than i expected i would recommend this to anyone looking for nice shoes that aren't to expensive", "the shoes i just bought elsewhere are good, its an all white comfy casual shoe, considering it being NIKE its an amazing shoe to wear with just about anythinggg...the only thing i am realizing is the crease its getting as you walk and bend the shoe..i barely wore em and the crease is already noticing. im very picky when it comes to that..but oh well. its something normal i suppose. it has happend to many of my Nikes. thats all i wear so yeah its nothing new to me atleast. the shoe overall is a 8/10. its hard to find simple classy all white shoes like these. so its a buy. just expect that crease overtime as a wear and tare.", "I received this product in good condition.The delivery was timely and product arrived in good condition.I will recommend this product for anyone interested in a comfy wear tennis shoes.", "second pair of these-I wore the first pair to a stinky DEATH...might get a 3rd pair for the future-lol...quick transaction as well.", "I originally ordered 10's as I normally wear a 10 or 10 and a half. I had to return them for 9 and a half.", "I like the sandals,  but they aren't really what I had hoped. They aren't as cushiony as I thought they would be. And they turned out to be rather narrow. I don't have a wide foot, and had never had to buy a 'wide' shoe. But I should have bought this in 'wide' if they had it.", "Perfect exactly as described. I needed a sturdier shoe and this is what I was looking for. Thank you! :)", "my girlfriend loved, the cushion its prefect, always when you bought a sandal, buy a half or a size bigger, to protect your foot", "are too comfortable, soft and flexible, I love the design, colors everything =), and are a good gift, I recommend", "Exactly as ordered.  True to size and very comfortable.  There are the only flip flops I have night for the last 3 years!", "I purchased this for my wife and she love them... Very very comfortable she recommend them to anyone. Not for the beach", "love it", "These shoes are the best! I really don't care for shoes or socks but going barefoot all the time is impractical. These sandals are so comfortable that I have no problem wearing them everywhere!", "MY DOCTOR CONFIRMED THAT MY ARCHES HAVE FALLEN AND THAT I COULD NO LONGER WEAR MY BELOVED FLIP FLOPS SO I BROUGHT HIM MY ORIGINAL BLACK NIKE FLIP FLOPS WHICH HE SAID WAS ACCEPTABLE SUPPORT FOR MY FEET. I LOVE THE NIKE COMFORT THONG FLIP FLOPS AND HAVE THEM IN MANY COLORS.", "Love these flip flops! I have 3 pair in different colors.I would buy them again and they are definitely cheaper on-line than in the store.", "I wear size 6, and they fit perfectly. I use the Comfort Thongs in the summertime for walking long distances. (Some days I have walked over 30km - over 18 miles wearing these Thongs.) The material is comfortable and wears very well. I expected them to be of a very high quality, because I've had them before and knew what to expect..", "They're pretty - They're cushy at first. Then they feel a little sloppy. I don't think I'd recommend them to anyone.", "Very comfortable, very cute flip flops.  I wish I had ordered a 1/2 size larger, though,  is almost too small", "I gave this as a gift to my girlfriend she is very happy and use them every dayshe like the colors because she is a fancy girl", "The product came in pristine condition. They were brand new, and they came well packaged. I got them sooner than expected, and gave them to a girl for her birthday. These are the only ones that came in her size, and she absolutely loves them. She said, \"The memory foam feels great when I am walking, or just simply have my feet in them while sitting down. I will probably wear them everywhere I go now!\"", "I bought these Nike sandals from Amazon t hey are the best for comfortand have memory foam insoles. Would buy them again.", "I love everything about these shoes. I am a bit of a sneaker-file and these have been my favorite so far (out of about 15 pairs in the last 5 years or so). The retro style, the color scheme, the materials, the structure and the fit are all fantastic.", "The shoes are awesome. The new colors are very cool and nice. The shoes get dirty pretty quickly. I get a lot of compliments.", "I had pair of Nike slides with the lunarglide footbed, and I thought that they couldn't be beat for comfort...then I stumbled across these. The footbed is made of almost the same plush material, and is very comfortable. What makes this sandal is the huge Max Air unit in the heel. Unlike most Nike Max Air units, your heel is actually resting directly on the air unit, without any stiff material underneath. This makes them super cushy, and also adds some height not expected when wearing slides. I've worn these while going on long walks and experienced more comfort than some of my shoes! The Velcro adjustable strap is perfect, and doesn't chafe. The tread pattern is grippy, and I feel like it is more of a sneaker tread than a slide.I've only had them for a couple of months so I can't speak on behalf of durability, but if it's anything like other slides it should be fine. My only concern would be if the air unit got punctured, they probably wouldn't be wearable, since your heel is directly on the air unit with support only on the edge...it's hard to explain but looking at the picture closely you can see what I mean.Overall I recommend these slides to anybody who wants comfort and style.", "The slide was light and comfortable but it didn't meet my expectations from the photos I saw I thought it was higher.", "This slipper is really comfortable.It has a light feel to it.It was worth the money I did not regret this purchase.", "This is an excellent product. It fits perfectly, very nice and soft and it is was I expected.  It worth the buy", "Very comfortable, light weight sildes, they don't feel as durable as my Nike Air Moray 3 but they surely look better: getting alot of compliments", "This evaluation is based on having had two pairs of maxair sandals for the last several years.  Unfortunately those are no longer available or at least I can not find any.  I got these as replacements.  These are lighter and the foot bed is stiffer/harder and not really to my liking.  The foot bed does have transverse grooves that I expect will help with the foot sliding in a wet sandal.  The heel is cushioned but not as soft as the maxair.  As sandals go, these are not bad (maxair was the king) but the price seems stiff for this product.  I will keep them because I have not found anything better.More info:  The slides that I had were the moray 3 slides which according to Nike customer service are no longer in production.  The air technology is the same in the two models but the product above the air chamber is not as good as the older model.  Nowhere near as comfortable.", "My dad loved these for Father's Day! He thinks they are super comfy and help with his long narrow feet!", "I like the sandals, they fit well. I hope this review is approved. Tired of doing this reivew stuff. Christ.", "These sandals are very comfortable.  I recommend these to anyone that wants a comfortable pair of slides for the summer.", "Comfortable, and fits", "Very Comfortable. Great choice", "Bought this for my husband and he absolutely loves up.  I wonder if they have like these for women too?:)", "Very nice and comfortable!!!", "Do you need a max air heel pad in a slide on sandal? No.  Is it nice? Yes.  Does it cost too much? yes.  Is it nice.  Yes", "Great sandal. Nice and soft, feels great under your foot compared to other slides,I would recommend them for this type sandal.", "These are wonderful slide on sandals which provide support and a non skid sole.  This is the second pair of these.", "After two hip replacement surgeries, the Nike Air Slide Sandals are great , they act like shock absorbersallowing me to stand and walk greater distances without feeling pain in my hip area(s) two and three dayslater.  I love them !!!!!", "The shoe is fitting well and is a good buy. The size is the same as was advertised on amazon and that is a great relief.", "I bought these shoes for my husband for Christmas. They fit perfectly, feel good and look great! He loves them!", "I really love these shoes. I wasn't sure about them at first, but after wearing them for a day or two I have really broken them in. They are well made, and I've gotten a few compliments already. Get you a pair; you won't regret it.", "Love these Cortez sneaks. Super cute and so disappointed that they discontinued them. The colors were all so retro and adorable. Flat and small but actually a superb athletic sneaker. I love Nike because they are amazing in having designs so sleek yet so functional!", "Real cute, comfortable sneakers. True to size. Fit good and the fabric is good. Would recommend this shoes.  Was happy with my purchase.", "He does not think I know what looks good, and so when I saw these shoes I decided to purchase them without telling him. He was surprised at the look, the fit and the cost was good for me. though he would still like to pick his own shoes.... these were a good choice.", "Love these. I have gotten compliments, they fit well, and they were affordable. The delivery was smooth and quick. Worth the money.", "GREAT EARTH CUSHIONS.....ATTRACTIVE, COMFORTABLE SHOE THAT GETS ALOT OF COMPLIMENTRY COMMENTS FROM OTHERS WHO HAVE GOOD TASTE.......FIVE STAR FORM AND FUNCTION. STEPPING OUT AL", "Colors look good together. I bought these for my som and he wears them daily. He has been pleased with them", "I brought these for my boy friend. He really loves them and was excited that they have an air bubble lol.", "Nike size for this shoes is somewhat small  .next time I'll buy a bigger size.", "Griffey's are my Jordan's. Most styles are too fresh so any pair I buy is an automatic 5 star. Another reason is because these are wide and fit my foot with the needed support.", "these shoes fit great look awesome and are easy to care for.  These shoes can do it all.  Great price", "Shoes was great looks good got them really fast this company did a great job thanks guys I was very happy with my service", "this is a rugged comfortable shoe and I am on my feet all day chasing felons........8 hours plus..........My knee, feet and back pain are gone......and the price is good.........", "It took sometime for my feet to get used to these shoes. It looked a bit bigger than its actual size.", "I love these shoes. They are typical shox--great heel and overall support. The only thing missing is perhaps the additional laces in blue colour, which would also look nice with these shoes, and the \"night blue\" colour (specially shox/heel) looks more like purple than dark blue (like the picture) :(", "I have many pairs of shoxs, love them, I ordered new styles that had come out about 6 months ago not sure of the time frame and they hurt my feet couldnt keep them, then shopping recently (my birthday etc) and I saw these online so of course I checked for them on amazon and there they were in my size for a little less money too. They came I tried them on with fingers crossed and they fit perfect. So happy!!!! True to size, comfy and iphone compatible!!!", "for such an expensive shoe I expect to get a year or so of wear, but the holes the laces go through broke in two places and I am having trouble finding anyone who can repair them.", "Very comfortable shoes. I like the contrast in colors. They seem durable. I love nike shox. They are great work shoes!", "I love my shoe it just feels weird because it is completely solid instead of having a mesh on it.", "this shoes are an excellent choise for a woman. great colour. no more to say. . . . . .", "Super comfortable with a very light-weight flexible tongue.  I've been wearing Nike Shox for years, and these are my fav so far!", "These shoes are very comfortable and well worth the money.  Works great for a bad back and bad knees.  Better than buying a cheap pair and having an aching back on knees", "running shoes were for grand daughter and she loves them. NB for me. Good price and great fit. great price.", "I bought for my daughter and she loves them!!", "The heel of this shoe is wonderful, but the sole is too thin.  I returned the shoes.Obviously, I would not recommend this shoe.", "These shoes are amazing, I have been shopping for black trainers and bought these thinking i might hve to send them back, WRONG, these shoes are just amazing very cushiony, comfortable and very supportive,i run about 30 miles a week.  I might just order a second pair, love them", "These are extremely comfortable. My only concern was  the color. They said they were night blue, but they look deep purple.", "i really love my shox and i would buy another pair the price and quality are awesome.... BUY IT! :)", "Great support on my low arched feet, sturdy for winter running.  Great color for dirtier runs.  Lasted as long as more expensive models", "And she loves them and runs, then I think their great. I highly recommend Nike running shoes. I own a pair myself.", "Great shoes, very comfortable, fit perfect just as expected! Ive gotten so many compliments on these shoes!  The color is very forgiving and easy to keep clean!", "The perfect comfort shoe.  Very well made.  Extremely durable for  intense exercising and walks.  Very light and love the color combination", "The shoes were beautiful but unfortunately I had to send them back because one of the shoes had a small defect from the manufacturer. But I would buy from this dealer again.", "womens nike shox turbo running shoes  is just what we ordered.  Just as pictured.  hassle free. I  received it in perfect condition.  thank you", "Very happy with the shoe.  It was a gift and they are very comfortable, lighweight and great fitting.  Would buy them again.", "Nice shoes!! I love Shox and they are hard to find, these where exactly what I wanted! Will by more when needed.", "I bought these shoes for my wife and we were surprised on how beautiful they look. The color is more vibrant than the one shown in the picture. I would recommend these shoes for someone who needs anti-pronation.", "i love these shoes . i buy half size bigger! i wear them for gym workouts , boot camp and forc ardio..running , stepmill, elliptical trainer!!", "These fit perfect for me and I am happy to have found them on Amazon.  They are no longer in my local stores and are the only sneakers I have found that protect me from heel injuries when I work out.  I will order these again!", "I had ordered the shoe in night blue and was surprised when I received the shipment and the shoe was pink! I kept it anyways. It really is a nice shoe.", "Great Shoes -- fantastic service through Amazon as always!  These are very hard to find.  I teach aerobics and strength training and the lateral support in these shoes is unbeatable.  Great service through Amazon.  I can always count on!", "In excellent conditions! The product arrival was fast! And very much exceeded my expectations. I am very happy with the purchase. They are very comfortable, sober, classic, I really love them", "Fast shipping, got it when it said it would come in. Love this shoes looks so much better in person then online. Love it, love it. Debating if I should buy another pair and put it aside. I've never been so happy with buying tennis shoes I'm more of heels person but I need a nice pair for work.", "I bought these for work. I'm on my feet a lot during the day. And it seems to me the more you wear them they better they feel. I know that these are supposed to be a running shoe but, for a lot of walking they're great!!!!!", "These shoes fit pretty true to size, if anything, slightly narrow.  I have an older pair of Nike shox and they've lasted forever!  Love this style!", "Good everything is good , but you have to remember they dont ship on weekends. That part which i didnt know but know im just overall happy they got here.", "This shoe color you can not find nor purchase in any stores. No one was carrying this model. But, this is the one my teenager wanted. The price was $20 - $30 less than the store prices for other models/colors. Great, comfotable shoes.", "The nike diamond turfs 2 are some nice shoes, I recently got some for school and i highly recomend you get a pair . the color is flawless. and the shoe is great and last long.", "I bought it for me and i am very contented with it. thnx so muchits so beautiful on my feet :)))", "I bought these for my son for Christmas and he loves them. Has not taken them off yet! Thank you.", "These shoes are wonderful. Super light weight. Comfortable with zero break in required. The soles are medium softness which gives the feel of walking on air. Too bad they are discontinued. So am buying every pair I can find.", "I like them but I wish they came in 10 1/2. Other wish they are a great shoe, I bought them for work on the day I have to be on my feet.", "They are not comfortable at all! And too expensive. Did not like it! It gives me back pain after doing some exercise wearing them! I wish I could get a refund!", "I like shoes. I love shoes that are made well, provide support, and offer supreme comfort to each and every step. I work in the Entertainment industry and often spend many hours on my feet running around making sure everything is as it should be. These shoes fit the bill. The only downer is they were not available in solid black...", "Great shoes! I liked this model very much. It looks so big and heavy but they are so soft and light....", "I bought these shoes for my daughter to exercise in. They were shipped fast and just as advertised. She loves the style and comfort. Another quality Nike product.", "I bought these the day before we took a trip to NYC...  Have extreme back pain, and chronic pain in general.  I know if I could lose some weight it would help too.  So back to the shoes, Amazing what a different pair of shoes will do.  I've tried walking but I couldn't even grocery shop without causing pain.  And yet I walked almost 10 miles over a couple days, and my back didn't hurt that bad.  Except for the blisters, it was perfect.  Super light, and I will definitely be taking walks in these shoes.When I went to buy these, salesmen tried to tell me I should get other shoes for my back pain.  I told him that they are too bulky and heavy.  I knew myself, I'm always running in and out with 4 kids.I always slip into my shoes fast as I head out the door.  These shoes are perfect for that. they back is already squishy on purpose for that.I'm buying a second pair. :)", "These boots are very good. The touch they give on the ball is unlike any other boot. They are also at an excellent price. Five Star!", "These cleats are super light, I feel so much faster with these on. Also, it doesn't hurt that they look super cool as well.", "Our grandson is a goalie.  He needed to have goalie outfits (head to toe) of different colors than used in the league ... purple was one of the choices.  We are so happy that you offered purple cleats in his size!  He loves these!!!!!", "I love these shoes! They are ultra cute and very comfortable and arrived very quickly. The only bad part was that I found them on another site for $65 a week after buying them.", "I had been looking for tennis shoes, shox in particular. I found these, with a great price, my size and perfect color mixture. i ordered them, got them fast, and love them!!", "my 11 y.o. son hates them! they look weird, are too long and too narrow and the design is &#34;too busy&#34; for a youngman to like it. the shoes are design for boys, but look too feminine ... my boy doesn't want to wear them too school. we had to buy something else...", "When I bought this shoe I thought about how the whole summer the shoes I wanted had to be at least $100.00 but when I wore this shoe for the first time I fell in love, I added red laces to spice it up and the shoe itself has held up the whole season, and the grips are brand new. If you are afraid of being to hard on them don't be, they lasted through me and they are perfect! Get them...", "I wore these basketball shoes one day in a few pick up games. I noticed that the air bubble had already popped. I would not recommend these shoes to anyone nor will i buy again. Sorry but you get what you pay for with these. Cheap means cheap.", "If you like to feel strapped in to an athletic shoe, this is not for you.  The material is light weight (which can be very good for some people) and feels a little flimsy.  That said, it does not look clunkly on your foot even though I recommend ordering a half size up as I think it runs slightly small.  There is not as much arch support as I would like, but for my purposes this works fine.  The look of the shoe gets five stars.", "These shoes are incredibly comfortable.  They are entirely mesh, so your feet can really breathe.  The traction is great.  Highly recommend.", "The Nike shoes i just got from you are so nice, not only confortable, but elegant, and i love i got them so quick.", "I purchased these shoes directly from nike because it just so happened I found them on clearance. They are great comfortable shoes perfect for going out or working out. I am a teacher and I do zumba and these shoes are comfortable if you plan to be on your feet for a long time.I ordered these shoes because I was looking for something black and red (school colors). I was somewhat disappointed to find black and HOT PINK shoes when I first opened the box. The colors still look great together and I have received so many compliments on how awesome they look.They also took a couple of days to wear in. The first two days, my feet were hurting, but now they are very comfortable.Overall the feel of the shoe is great and the look is great. Only warnings would be to prepare for a HOT PINK shoe and maybe some time to break in the shoe.", "Bought these shoes for a female friend. She loves them.I am glad to find out I am not the only color challenged person in the world. Apparently the designers or documentation people @ Nike have the same problem.Now I don't know if Siren Red is an official color on someone's chart somewhere, but the Red on these shoes leans a lot more toward Pink. There is nothing wrong with the color, the shoe looks really nice and flashy, but if you are expecting Red this is not Red, and I asked a few other people just to be sure. LOLHer comments:She works out almost every day and loves they way they feel. The shoes are great, they fit nicely and feel light on the foot while still giving really good support. After about 3 days she felt almost like she didn't have sneakers on anymore. Very comfy.  She has gotten a lot of compliments on them. Although that might just be from guys trying to pick her up ;)Recommended A+. I think for the quality of shoe the price is acceptable.", "I returned these shoes...I am a size 8 and these shoes were way too small and did not feel very comfortable or cushion-y at all.", "I bought this because it was Nike and I wasn't disappointed. The colors are bright and vibrant. Everything I expected!", "I am a very active old man with high instep and big feet (12).  When I bought this shoe I also tried  5 other walking/cross-training shoes with lengthy sessions of one brand on each foot.  Anyway, after 1 month of wear, here are the  pluses  and minuses  of this shoe:Pro's:- innersleeve upper provides an amazing fit that grabs the foot for comfort- the sleeve is  made of a fabric that does not hold in moisture and keeps my feet dry- the cushioning for both heel and  front sole of my foot allows me to truck around the  warehouse lumber yards and keep up with my wife at department stores and walmart for  as long as I want without soreness.- my foot is  held secure in the show  without slippage - great fit.Con's:- I need a  shoehorn at least at this point in the shoes life to put them on.  Without it, the  innersleeve is likely to get pushed to the bottom  of the shoe.  The back top of the sleeve has  a  fingerhold to help.  Perhaps it will be easier  to put on as it wears.- This shoe is a bit trendy for me- but at my age, COMFORT IS KING!", "I bought this shoe in size 8 1/2 mens for my 13 year old son.  They inner liner sock slips into the shoe too easily at the heal when he is putting them on and he needs to hold the tab at the top of the liner sock to slip his foot in.  That would be fine if it he didn't need to push so hard to get his foot in while he pulls up on the tab.  He commented that he was disappointed in the design of the shoe  and he needs to wear snug fitting socks to be able to put this shoe on. Anyway, once they are on, they are comfortable and look great.  If you are in a hurry or don't like fussing with your shoes to get them on, these shoes will not be for you.", "I love this shoe!! I have heel problems and usually wear orthotics in my walking, running, workout shoes. These shoes are so comfortable that I don't have to replace the in-soles.  My feet feel great after a workout. I've bought 2 more pairs in different colors.", "This shoe fit perfectly when i got it. If i have one complaint i wish it would last a little longer but a drag my feet a lotOn the court so i'm not surprised mine tore up easily.", "I normally buy Head Court shoes for squash but the last pair I ordered online were a 10.5 and were BIG shoes that I had to send back.On a friends recommendation I went to Big 5 today and got these Nike court shoes, they are small fitting and ended up getting a size 11. The best bit was that they should have been $59 and without even asking he offered them to me for $44:95 !!!  I normally buy everything from Amazon but it shows to shop as they had them priced at $109. I think I may go back and get another pair in case they got it wrong!!!Oh and they fit great!!!Dermot Brennan", "The city court shoe comes in regular size and wide size. I tried the regular size and they have to be narrowest shoes that I have ever tried. Then I tried the wide size and it fits really well. I would recommend that you pop down to a local store and try out the size. If not, buy it with a good return policy - you might have to return.Once you get past the sizing, the shoes are great. I feel that the shoes are lightweight - I am trying to be somewhat bouncy in my ready position and the weight of the shoe doesn't get in the way. Decent enough cushion - I play on hard court and don't feel the ground. Lasts me 3-4 months - playing almost 10 hours of singles tennis a week. The shoe upper area is still in great shape when I throw out the shoe due to the sole wear.", "The shoes are cut really narrow I suggest buying a larger size ten normal if you want them to fit.", "The size indicated on the shoes was right but the shoes were way too tight.  I tried wearing them for about a week to see if they would loosen up but it did not help.  I gave the shoes away.", "my feet have grown.  i used to be a size 10 women's.  but in sizing my foot in a store, i found that i needed a much bigger shoe.  the men's 11 is good. i am pleased with the sneakers.  as usual, the service is excellent.  i am saving these white ones for &#34;best&#34;.  i have plantar faciitis in my heels and must have full support.  i cannot wear sandals this, a fact that  i regret.", "Just a little small for a size 9 but the quality is great.I would buy again for the price.", "Excelent shoes. Been using Vapor Tour for 2 years and was scared at first, however, fit perfect (size 10) and it provide great support. No other brand can deliver great shoes as nike does.", "I wanted to buy tennis shoes for myself. I did research online and narrowed down on this shoe and few others from Adidas and prince etc. I wanted to make sure that what I buy will fit me perfect. I went to the store and tried many pairs of shoes. Surprisingly, this was one of the cheaper options available yet it fit much better than some other costly options from other brands. I'm fully satisfied with these shoes and much happy with Nike brand.", "Have not used them, but look fine . I tried them any way and seem fine for me. I sure they will be ok", "I thought I had found the perfect balance of style and quality at a reasonable price, even though I had saved only ten cents in the purchase. My normal shoe size is 8.5 D for dress/casual shoes, but in snickers/tennis I always wear a 9 D for comfort due to heavier socks and the fact they always seems to run a little smaller on most brands. The construction of these Nikes were extremely narrow as I could not even laced them as the side flaps were to low and did not fold over to the instep or top of the foot. Luckily I can return them at no cost. Always make sure that option is listed before buying anything online.", "Loving these shoes, great comfort, traction and grip, even in a somewhat moist court. inside of the shoes feel comfortable, and you feel light and secure when playing.", "my boy had wide feet and it is not easy to find shoes which are wide enough. this pair is great fit, wide enough, very comfortable, tried to buy more pairs but size is all gone", "Tough to Rate - I gave the shoes away to one of my office employees who loves them.I am sure the shoe is great, but do not order it without trying it on.I normally wear a size 10-10 1/2 shoe and a size 11 nike basketball sneaker, but I couldn't get my foot into this trainer.It did make my employee very happy.", "Shoe size was wrong when I orderd a 11 1/2 it was really a 10 they sent out the wrong color I orderd gray white he sent out black and white. The picture he had on the listing was gray and white then he decided to update the picture being black and white even know the title still says gray and white playing tricks on your customers is wrong will NEVER buy from him again all the positives are from there employees. He also never stated that they were out of the country the Uk this is wrong Adam was rude unhelpful don't trust them you have been warned!", "This is my 2nd pair of the City Court VII's so I knew what I as getting into with this purchase. Great lateral support and durable. I play weekly and my last pair lasted 6+ months. They are nice and snug when new but break in nicely to shape to your foot. Recommend to anyone wanting a quality shoe without having to pay $100+. I usually wear an 11.5 or 12 depending on the shoe and I get these in size 12 so they are pretty true to size. The uppers are excellent and by the time I had to throw out my last pair of these due to wear on the bottom, the uppers still looked really good.", "I chose the highest rating because they were a gift to a challenging person to shop for and he loves them", "new the goods., 100% responsible for the storebeautiful shoes and in compliance with the standards of the brand nike", "Please check other online stores, they have better deals. The same product you can find at Big 5 lot less.", "this shoe for the money is as good as the federer shoe and better than the nadal model.my use of nike tennis shoes go back to the mcenroe days and this shoe is in my top ten. the only thing is order 1 size larger this shoe is cut very small", "Ordered an 11- 1/5. The shoe was so small I couldn't get my foot in it. Gave it to my son who wears a 10.5 and it fit him. Order larger size. Very narrow also.", "I normally wear a shoe size of 7.5 but for sneakers I use a half size more. This one just fit barely: I had to loosen the strings:Looks good but it is rather lightweight, I guess that is the norm these days. Soles are good, cushion adequate. It is the top that bothers me, should have a bit higher arch. For its price, a decent product.", "i just needed a pair of sneakers but when i got these i was shocked how nice they really were and they fit perfectly", "I've started playing tennis and do not want to abuse my excellent running shoes so I came across the City Court and fell in love with it. Excellent design, firm, stable. May be not as professional as other high-end tennis shoes, but for beginner like myself it is great so far. My Adidas Supernova Sequence 5 running shoes fit me well with size 8, but for the Nike City Court I need to go to size 9 because the width seems to be smaller than Adidas. So there is a bit extra at the toes, but probably it does not matter much to me. At $50 for a pair of descent tennis shoes, you can go wrong with the City Court. Recommended for beginners whose feet have small width.", "Fits great and love the support. I'm in the &#34;break-in-I-got-blisters phase, but hope to soon move past this! I know I will get a lot of use out of these shoes! Only complaint is that the black color is really a dark grey.", "I bought these for a steal when they were sent to Marshall's, I guess after being seen as weird. So, if you have a fat foot, these might be a little snug. But they stretch out a decent bit, so if they're not painful when you put them on, you're probably fine. I get all sorts of compliments on these. I wouldn't wear them for outdoor hot and sweaty activities-- because if your foot gets sweaty, they are capable of causing attrocious blisters. But they're great for gym wear, especially yoga/pilates. I wear them around the laboratory, mostly, though. :PMy only beef-- do NOT believe the &#34;antimicrobial odor protection&#34; of the sole bit-- yes, they're fine for a few days. But if you wear these sockless (and you just about have to, unless you find super low-cut, almost non-existent toe socks), your feet will begin smelling TERRIBLE when you remove them. And my feet aren't normally smelly. I started dropping them into a sanitizing solution overnight about once a week to ward off smell. Fortunately, that works well, and they dry quickly, so they'd be ready to go in a few hours if I stuck them by a fan.Mine are beginning to wear out, after about 5 months of pretty rigorous wear (plus the sanitizing solution is rough on them), and I'm dreading forking out the money to replace them-- but I likely will. I might try the tougher &#34;leather-look&#34; versions to make sure they last, but I imagine they won't breathe as well, which means that the smell issue might be even worse. So, maybe I'll just get these again. Remains to be seen. Anyway, great shoes!", "FANtastic shoe. super comfortable at a fair price... so what are you waiting for, RUN, SURF  the web; the longer you wait, the price goes up. Are you kidding me! Don't you deserve them? So why are you reading my stupid review? ORDER THEM NOW!!!!", "These shoes are super cute and are great for a quick use to yoga class where I take them off. The toe holes are a bit narrow so they may need some breaking in. Overall, good for looks not for exercise.", "These shoes are really great! I've seen other reviews saying that they are narrow or a bit closer to the foot, well yes they are narrow at first but it's because these are running shoes they are meant to be closer to the foot but either way your foot will break them in and also they kind of fit like high heels so that may be another thing to get used to, this is from my personal experience. Overall these shoes are great", "Everything was okay except there are some green spots on the bottom of the shoe (around the back and front part)", "I GOT A LOTTA SNEAKERS, BUT THIS, THIS IS THE ONE. NO DOUBT ABOUT IT. IM THINKING TO BUY ANOTHER ONE", "I bought my exact size,but there were very narrow so I suggest you buy a size bigger in order to get a better fit.", "me encanto. gracias. muy lindas las zapatillas, el material super y la talla exelente. muy buen producto. envio rapido y seguro", "me encantan son super comodos para caminar, se ajustan al pie,siempre los utilizo, i like so much for today !", "El producto se entreg&oacute; perfectamente en el casillero en Venezuela,  cumple con lo indicado en la propaganda  y a mi esposo  le gust&oacute;, porque le quedan comodos", "These Nike Air Affect are the only shoes my husband loves and I can always find them on Amazon! I get two at a time so he is stocked up for a while. We have an 80 acre tree farm and my husband is on his feet all day and he really likes these!", "I just received these shoes, but I have to say, they are very comfortable. They seem to work well, as a walking shoe, or just to wear around the house. A very, well made shoe.", "Purchased these for Christmas for my boyfriend - This is his second pair and he loves them!  Wouldn't hesitate to buy another pair in another color for him.", "First off, I have wide flat feet and I work out at the gym 4x a week doing cross training with high impact cardio. I bought these shoes just for the gym.  Sadly it did not work out at the gym because there is absolutely no support at the bottom at all when doing high impact cardio. Within 5 minutes, my feet was in sooo much pain.  I never understood how important or the effects of  \"support\" in sneakers were until i put on this pair of shoes and felt the difference.  On the other hand, I LOVE LOVE these shoes for everything else like walking or anything non high impact. They are so flexible and comfortable that it feels like you going barefoot. and although i usually prefer wide widths, these i have in regular width but i went up 1/2 a size....So the review is, WONDERFUL for non high impact activities!", "These shoes run true to fit and are very comfortable.The fabric is awesome: a matte finish. I wear them for weight lifting,and bootcamp.It does simulate being barefoot. However there are some things I would change: The ribbon type laces started to fray after wearing them twice and they knot up very easily. Also when I do mountain climbers or planks, the toe block (which had a very nice nike free logo in black) has lost its black polish and the white lettering has shown thru..ugh I really liked the all black look. Oh well...I would purchase them again and can't wait to use them for running.", "Super lightweight, but if you need arch support, these are not the shoes for you.  They don't seem to stay tied, unless one ties them really tight.", "I wear these everyday, one foot is bigger than the other so the snug heel makes it where i can wear my true size, i do yoga and lots of time on the treadmill, after getting these the treadmill is a much smoother walk as they are so flexable, will get more in differant colors", "These shoes are so comfortable I just bought another pair.  Not only do I wear them to work out but also with jeans.  The red ones are a nice bright color and the fabric is quite resilient.  Highly recommended!", "My favorite thing about these shoes is that they are practically waterproof. They are the only shoes Ill wear when I walk the dogs through grassy or woodsy areas because they keep my feet dry and clean. They are lightweight and comfortable and very easy to clean (just wipe them off).", "This is a perfect light weight running shoe. Practically weightless in fact. Fabric is cool with the imprinted swish. Very comfortable.", "this shew is awesome for my daily rotten! they are light and extremely fixable, it took me a little time to get used to but over time I found them to be comfortable and blister free. My only concern is they don't have the best arch support for strenuous exercise like running. But over all its worth your money", "i really like them, i had some other pairs before thats why i bought this one again and the prices was really good as well.....", "As an avid walker/runner, I was in the market for a great pair of new shoes and had been wearing lower budget shoes for years. Although my sketchers were comfortable enough, I was ready to take a chance on a shiny new pair of Nike's. These have been a fantastic investment and they are cool looking too! You won't regret putting these on.", "Hey, I'm a stocky guy who loves playing football (soccer) and doing tricks & flicks on folks and was in the arena for a new pair of tugs. I was impressed upon opening the box (I couldn't believe they had my size 13), the leather & rubber material was comely to my eyes with the stitches all around plus I like the logo on the sole of it. It is very comfortable compared to other cleats especially if you are a stocky/heavy set person like me. The grip in mud and some snow is amazing (live in the northeast). You will have to keep an eye on cleaning it because its white. Don't delay & pick one up and remember any thing is possible with a good idea and hard work plus determination to back it up. Cheers!", "The shoes fit very well and are extremely conformable once i wore them for about a day. I love its ability to produce a good touch on the ball.", "Recomended a 100% amazing fit really one of the better shoes i ever wear no wonder why the rock wear them", "The shoe fits only for narrow footed people. There should have been a sign or post that acknowledge the fact.", "This is my second pair,they are very soft and fit well and give when you need them to preform with your feet", "they're good, sturdy shoes.  i wished i would've gotten a 9 because i feel they're a little too big, but they are still really comfortable.", "These are a great fit and comfortable. . . as long as you stay on smooth surfaces, anything other than a perfectly flat surface and my feet felt every bump.", "I love these shoes and will buy more in a different color. They are the most comfortable shoes I have ever had. They are almost like being barefoot with a sole (soul)!!!", "WOW!  I always hated tennis shoes but these are wonderful!  I have a wide foot and these fit  perfectly.  I usually hate closed toed shoes but decided to try these for walking and they really are comfortable!  Love them!!!", "Would given this a five star but one of my shoe strings was too short. Other then that comfy shoes!", "Loved them so much, my teenage daughter took them, and now I am sad I can't find another pair for me :-)  Initially wasn't a fan of the way the looked but the comfort level made me get over that immediately!", "I use these shoes for all kind of gym training and they are the best training shoes I've ever had! They are so comfy - I don't really feel them, and stylish. They are true to size (I wear 6.5 and these shoes in 6.5 fit perfectly). I would highly recommend these shoes for all kind of gym activities. I also don't think they would suit for running, for running I use Nike running shoes.", "I originally bought these in grey and purple at Nordstrom and liked them so much I bought 2 more pairs.  I'll being buying more in different colors.  I normally need more room in the toes and this satisfies me.  Plus I have always found Nike shoes to be the only ones that don't rub my heel.  Thanks.", "I ordered 487789 and I received a totally different sneaker. The label of the sneakers i ordered was placed over the label of the sneakers I received. I guess hoping I wouldn't notice the difference? So I returned them and currently waiting for my refund. Not happy about all this.", "I love this sneaker they are so light. They feel like slippers. I will buy them again in more colors", "Great shoes, very comfortable, and the black on black works great for the business we are in. Wish they made the same model for men, since my wife loves these, and I could use a pair.", "I wear these sneakers for my job, bartending. Very comfortable and breathable. I also have worn them at the gym and to jog. Great all around shoe!", "Great fitting and comfortable shoes, love the simplicity and light weightness of them. Great for every day, would like in more colors too", "I bought these for my fiancee, she has flat feet. She says they are the most comfortable workout shoes she has ever had. I might get a pair in mens.", "Love these shoes! I wear them all the time, it feels like I'm wearing nothing. There so lightweight and comfortable. I would definitely recommend them to anyone :)", "I was so soooo sooooo pleased on this shoe. It is the most comfortable shoe I have ever put on my feet. It is so light and flexible, and not to mention they are super cute!:) I like that they are not huge, and bulky, but fit your feet just right. I am in Love! definitely recommend these to anyone!", "perfect fit.wouldn't of found these same pair in stores and it was 20$ cheaper than the pair I first got", "SHOE WAS JUST AS I EXPECTED, TRUE TO SIZE, LIGHT WEIGHT. JUST RECOVERING FROM FOOT AND ANKLE SURGERY AND IT  WAS SUGGESTED THAT I GET A GOOD RUNNING SHOE FOR SUPPORT;", "I love these shoes!  They are light weight and very comfortable! Got them on time, and am happy that I bought them.", "Great shoes. I own two pair. Perfect for walking vacations. Just rocked mine in Venice.I would recommend to anyone who likes to walk.", "I love the TR shoe line.  They are lightweight.  Not the best traction for running or hiking. I use them for weight lifting and light gym work but I would not do any heavy foot training.", "These sneakers are my favorite now , this is my second pair they last long, feel real light especially if you are standing for long periods, and not bulky or unstable to walk on i just hope they make diffrent colors so i can match with my outfits '", "Great fitting shoes. So comfy !!!!!! I would purchase again and again. I am pleasantly surprised I was unsure when I ordered but I am a believer now.", "Shoes were for my daughter. She loves them. Cannot understand why Nike discontinued this particular model. After reading other reviews other people feel the same.", "I work at a very fast paced restaurant I have to stand for over 8 hours, this shoes are so comfortable I don't even know why I didn't have this shoes before. Sometimes I don't even know I have sneakers on. I'm just in love with Nike fit I just want to get them in all types of color.", "los zapatos me quedaron muy bien en este momento los estoy usando ya q estoy en vacaciones, a todo el mundo le gusta mis zapatos, estaremos en contacto para pr&oacute;ximas compras", "Love, Love Love these sneakers!!!I am truly pleased and the fit is perfect. I was somewhat skeptical about ordering online because I like to try my items on before purchasing. I took a chance and I'm glad I did. The compliments never stop and they are beyond comfortable.I work  in the healthcare industry so I needed a sneaker that would  accommodate the long working hours standing on my feet. For me Satisfaction was Guaranteed :-)Thank you!!", "He states they feel good and are what he thought they would be. He is very pleased with them. Yay.", "This shoe is great for everyday use and activities in the gym. Very comfortable for my feet. Not to mention that it is also very beautiful.", "EVERYONE AT WORK LOVES THEM AND ALWAYS COMMENTS ON THEM AND THEY ARE SO COMFORTABLE IM GOING TO BUY NEW ONES AGAIN SOON!! :)", "zapatos de exelente calidad, muy bonitos, comodos, sirven tanto para jugar como para vestir, no tengo queja alguna. el vendedor serio. vale la pena comprarlos.", "Its narrow and a little heavy but the more I use it I like the stablity.  Seems to hold up.", "I researched shoes on the internet before purchasing the NIKE Free TR Fit 2.  This shoe is the #1 Women's Cross Training shoe according to a few different sources.  The shoe is really great for yoga, palates, and workouts where you move around a lot.  This shoe is not made specifically for running and should not be purchased for a running shoe.  The arch support and ankle support are made for Cross Training.  I love to work out in this shoe.  I would recommend this if you do ZUMBA or other high-power cardio workouts.", "Everything about these shoes is awesome. My foot runs a little wide and these shoes fit perfectly. Extremely comfortable and light weight.", "These have got to be the most comfortable shoes I own. I use them for cross-training classes, strength training, and all that jazz. I have ran in them a few times and that was a mistake on my part. They weren't made for running, but I didn't even think about it since these shoes are always my go-to shoes for working out. These were a great buy on my end and I'm extremely happy with my purchase.", "I ordered these shoes and they were a bit tight.  I ordered a 9 when I usually wear an 8.5.  They were terrible for support and hard to balance in them when working out.  I do high intensity workouts and these shoes were terrible for that so I sent them back.", "I just love the way these sneakers look overall and when I am working out it does not hurt my feet at all. I really recommend these Nikes.", "This is the fourth pair of shox NZ that I have purchased in the last 2 months. This pair is by far my favorite. Not only are they very comfortable, they look like little tuxedo's for my feet.", "i like these shoes and i will be buying another pair after i wear these out.. takes me about 6 mo", "he loves em....what else is there to say...? He would rather them be the material that's easily cleaned cuz of our dirt parking lot", "I like these shoes alot... Yeah kind still volunteering fully did cash offense digger that's cramp duct jugs artist those", "A lil tight, might have to upgrade a sizeror break em is a definite must, but im very pleased with the quality of the product and I admire not having to go to the mall to get them, I will be ordering more.", "My son loves these shoes- he has three pairs now!  They hold up well and he's says they are comfortable.", "All in all a great shoe for the cost. My husband absolutely loves these and is anxious to get another pair.", "ordered these after them applied at the local store (always try to do that) this model is very comfortable, somewhat narrow on the sides but eventually settles well. the price is cheaper than in retail stores.", "I love the Nike brand and Shox style. I think these are the best running shoes Nike has ever came out with. I am a firm believer in these shoes. I will never go to another style. I feel more energetic in these shoes as they give me bounce back when I run. Relaxing feeling shoe, contours my feet and very comfortable. Thank you NIKE.", "The shoe fits awesome and i like them, they've lasted a few marathons now and they are worth every penny.", "The Shoes are great but are a little small for the size.  I'm like 90% sure that they are authentic.", "Did not get a chance to be able to rate them beacause they got stollen out of car the day after I got them.", "Replacing a worn out pair of shox roadsters. I liked the Roadsters, but not these. Too tight, too stiff, the bottom of my feet hurt. I am a nurse who works 12hr shifts....these are the wrong choice.", "He loved them. The size was right and they are really beautiful and comfortable. He got many compliments. The picture is accurate.", "I am hard on shoes and buy a new pair of running shoes about every year. I had gotten used to shox and had been buying 9's two other years. This pair of 9's is extra small and extra narrow. Looks like they upgraded the construction though so thats a plus", "I been able to double my running with this shoes. They look heavy but surprisingly they are super light tight construction will definitely order more in the future shipping was excellent package was exactly as you would expect from a retail store awesome service", "these shoes were way small , narrow , boght nikes before locally the fit was always right on , but these ? the quality isnt there , after market junk", "I like these shoes very much. I had pain in my heals. Sense I started wearing these shoes the pain has left.", "This is the 5th pair of Nike shox that I've owned. I love the styling, comfort, and color of this pair.", "I normally wear a regular with shoe on a the other shox I have purchased, I find that these are a little narrow. But other then that they look great.", "Recommended by my podiatrist seems to work only problem is a rubbing in to front of the shoe. Shoe still not broken in yet expect nuisance rubbing to go away.", "My son loves his shoes. This wasn't the style he wanted at first but he loves them more than the style he wanted.", "I've been wearing similar Nike shows for many years, the heel provides extra shock protection and stability, good for someone who's nearly 70.  It's very comfortable.", "the shoes are beautiful, I like the nike brand, are pioneers in the development of sports shoes. These shoes are the best in the world, will always be my first choice", "I bought these for my daughter and she loves them. She wears them all the time. Thank you for reading", "The sneaker have homogeneous color, it is lightweight and strong in the same time, to my daughter it like very much", "I have been buying Nike tennis shoes for about 10 years and never had a problem until these.  They seemed tight and had to be broken in.  My previous purchases fit fine.", "I purchased these shoes because I needed a new pair, and I am not interested in the excessive neon colors that are available in athletic shoes these days. I ordered my usual size, and they are fairly comfortable, but my pinky toes hurt a great deal when I first started walking in them. They still hurt, but not as much. I know they will eventually stretch out a bit to fit my foot, so I didn't return them, and they are comfortable otherwise.", "I have had a few pairs of the Nike Court Shoe.  They are true to size and hold up well,", "I'm between 6.5 and 7, and ordered a size 7, and I would have definitely got a 7.5 if I had tried it in store, because now I can't wear these shoes with thick socks. It is also the first pair of Nike shoes I've ever had that feel uncomfortable, the back part is probably higher than what would be comfortable for small feet. Although I'm still wearing it, I don't have the comfortable feeling that Nike shoes usually give.", "The generally appearance is fine.  It is a little tight on me.  I recommend that you order half size bigger than you normal size.", "I loved the shoes but unfortunately they were too narrow for me.  I did order 1/2 size larger than I normally wear but width wise they were too narrow.", "Shoes were great, fitted true to size. Are great fit tennis. Came as described. They are very comfortable. And I received them quick.", "I liked it fine, though timing was horrid, just before my PT ordered two ankle supports/braces.  I'm afraid NIKE doesn't make wide shoes.  I was wanting to not ruin a pair of really good shoes.  I bought New Balance.  They do make wide.", "The quality of the shoe is excellent. The cleat placement offers great traction in hard/soft/turf fields. The \"shot\" padding on the tongue doesn't really do anything for me, but it's nice to have a little protection in that area. The grip pad on the inner part of the upper really does allow for some great curve of the ball. You can actually see the curve path of the ball when using these cleats.The only thing this shoe really needs is a little more padding in the sole. I seem to keep getting blisters every few weeks when using these cleats.", "love this shoe and the price i got it at. will use this seller in the future for sure. sneakers were new and size was correct. picture looks exactly like what i received. thanks amazon", "Good product. Right size. Delivered on time. Realy light and smooth. After using I could update this review. I'm happy with this product.", "The local Niketown closed. Luckily I  found these on Amazon. They are perfect for squats and other lifting. I bought another pair for later.", "These shoes rock!  They fit perfectly and they look awesome on!  Very stylish and fun!  Just ran four miles yesterday and love my new sneaks!", "They are so comfortable and I love the style and they are really good to run in . Thinking about getting my husband a pair =]]. I would so highly recommend these shoe to anyone", "They have great arch support, and they are very comfortable running shoes. I've only had the shoes for a short time but I love them so far.", "Flexible, comfortable and great for walking.  I already wore one pair out and bought 2 more just like them.  Need I say more...", "I was a little worried to buy these because some of the pictures looked a little strange but these are awesome! I got them very quickly and I haven't had any problems. The sizing is perfect.", "I found it a little snug but it fit well. When choosing a good running shoe you dont want too much wiggle room because that leads to blisters and backache. These supported me perfectly during runs and workouts!", "Great fit... Lightweight perfect for working out. Been looking for the right shoes for the gym and running, found it.", "I bought this pair as a gift for my wife. She seemed to like them, she uses them for work and says the support is great. She's a nurse so she's on her feet for long periods of time. The shipping wa fast and secure. I received them in two days without any trouble. I would buy from the seller again.", "thought that the appearance was ok but after wearing just a short time, found that they were not that comfortable", "These shoes are awesome! I've been buying the Triax for the past several years and I decided to switch it up and I did with these. And they're worth it! Super light, comfy, perfect for training.", "I am usually a size 71/2 and they are just a tad bit too tight, but I'm sure they will stretch after wearing them a little bit. Other than that they are very nice and def worth the money I paid.", "Product as described, full comfortable support. The shoe is light weight making it easier for my workout. I totally recommend this shoe. Great colors also", "This was a christmas present for my daughter. Was something that she wanted and will probably wear them out.Light weight and comfortable.", "I love these, I'm stationed in Korea and love to wear them when I have to do a lot of walking in the snow.", "The shoe was a little big for my son but he loved them which made me Mom of the Year!", "I would buy another just like them they are great & I love them thanks I would buy more of them I have a black pair just like these it's the only kind I wear as they don't hurt my feet", "I chose these sneakers because they are so comfortable and stylish (I had them in high school) they are tough to find in the color combo you want.  They were a little large and the vendor was excellent and exchanged them for me.  Excellent business, very fast shipping.  Will definitely purchase from this vendor again.", "Shoes were way too big, I was not happy about wasting money on a restocking fee so I donated the shoes to a local shelter and purchased another pair of shoe elsewhere.", "Shoes are very comfortable to wear. They are light weight and comfy to walk around in. Not a lot of support for working out.", "I found these boot to be a perfect fit for my grandson , He enjoys his boots on a daily bases.", "my grand child will not take them off. he loves them and they are water proof perfect for rainy days", "The shoes are of good quality, comfortable and resitente material. My son loved it and the price is right. I recommend them.", "I absolutely love this pair of shoes. I am more prone to barefoot running, and the flexibility of these shoes are not at all restrictive on my feet and they feel great! I was so very happy to find them for a good price! Seller shipped very quickly and overall, the experience with this purchase was A+!", "I have a another pair or Lunarlon Nike's and they had a larger leather toe covering then this pair.  I tend to wear through my shoes at the big toe, and where my toe hit in these shoes it was not leather, so I fear I'd be popping through in no time.", "All items are great", "I've had these for over a year and they still look like new. They are VERY LIGHT, I dont know what they weigh but all I can say it it feels like I am walking on air.. I love them. I hope thay dont stop makeing and selling them.", "My daughter tried on a 5 and a 6 in the store. I ordered the 5.5 online. It was about 1.5 sizes too big.", "Second pair of this shoe.", "I love this shoes they last a long time and they help me with my back. Being a P. E teacher and standing on your feet all day the shoes really help.", "the shoes was another size and colour, too small, i dont know why send another shoes with the diferent sizebadddddddddddddddddddddddd", "These shoes fit true to size (unlike some styles of Nike, which run small).  They have a memory foam foot bed and are sooooooo comfortable!  The black, silver, and white are very cute and hide dirt.  I love them and can't say enough about them!", "I had been looking for this shoe for sometime. Found the grey in the mall but still wanted the black and this seller had it. I was ecstatic. Ordered right away and product was sent right away. Very pleased!", "These sneakers saved my feet.  I started running more recently and went through two pairs of shoes trying to find something that didn't hurt.  I have over-pronation and medium to high arches, and these shoes were great.  Super light, super comfy, but tough enough that I wore them hiking and running through the Sedona trails. Great buy!", "I love this combat bra!  Very comfortable and durable.  Many compliments!I would recommend.  It fits well and I love the feel of the fabric.", "LOOOVE MY NIKES!!!! They fit Perfect! They Look Perfect!! Very sexy running shoe.I get great compliments and highly recommend the Performance !!looks and Wears Well.", "I was using the Air Max 2009 since they initially came out. I absolutely loved those shoes and would primarily use them for the gym .After a while of using Air Max 2009 I started getting a lot of heel Pain and was diagnosed with Plantar fasciitis. Upon Further research I found out that Air max 360 have known to cause this issue.I have now switched to the Zoom Vomero and use custom orthotic insoles with them and just the heel support and cushioning have made a huge difference for me . I have started working out again and the pain in my heel is way better than before.I generally avoid running because of the plantar fasciitis but  I am starting to use the treadmill lightly now that this shoe is giving my feet the support they need!I picked these up at Finish Line and paid the same price as Amazon, but its just that I wanted to try the shoes on before I bought them. Definitely a good buy.", "I have very high arches, and a wide toe box.  These shoes are light weight, comfortable, supportive and a all around great every day shoe.  It does move a little bit in the heel if I have thin socks on though.", "Beautiful, lighter, soft, excellent for running, this shoes are amazing you can have any shoes that you want but Nike running shoes are the best!", "I purchased for work to be standing 9 to 11 hours, running and sports. I love these shoes had to replace my old Nike Shox+ I have had for Two years. So when i started searching i HAD to get a pair that was Nike+ so i can track my running distance with my ipod.(just like my old pair)I wasn't disappointed. :)", "Stable, comfortable and durable.  If you're looking for a shoe that's geared toward cross training, you should consider this one.", "I love Nike Shox, and when I saw this color theme, I had to get it. This shoe gets me so many compliments, its crazy. The girls love them! I wear them to work, and my feet are never sore anymore!", "They shoes were nice looking but was a little tight notwithstanding i ordered my regular size. I usually wear a size 10 but should have ordered size 10.5.", "These are the most comfortable shoes I have ever owned. In September 2012, one day I walked 16 miles in Amsterdam, The Netherlands. I proudly own three pairs.", "It's what i was looking for. Comfortable, nice and the most important... Almost All Black and the price was excellent, because here in my country i did not find a black nike and the prices here are almost the same and here we don't have with this colors...", "I really like these shoes. They are very comfortable and light. The only problem they have is the laces come undone constantly when wearing pants. It's very annoying", "Excellent product arrived on time the desired size, very gentle jogging shoes.Very good priceExcelente producto llego a tiempo la talla deseada, zapatos muy suaves para trotar.Muy buen precio", "I have been wearing Nike Shox for a long time now. These pair must be my favorite though. They look very stylish and are incredibly comfortable. I was a little skeptical about ordering them online because I usually have a difficult time finding the right fit with my shoes, but the day I put these on they were a perfect fit. This was a great buy.", "The shipping was immediate & the shoes are excellent quality!! Our son say's that they are very comfortable & he gets a lot of attention for his cool shoes at school.The size does not run large or small. They were right on the money for us.", "I first heard of the benefits of Nike Shox from an Registered Nurse friend of mine. She had a horrible case of plantar fasciitis and tried the Nike Shox after hearing they were helpful for that particular condition. I trust whatever a nurse has to say, and her review of these shoes was extraordinary - she credited them with getting her feet back in order - and for curing her plantar fasciitis. My father also suffered from plantar fasciitis - I bought him a pair of the Shox and - bang - here we are just a couple of months later and HE feels much, much better as well (stretching and icing the foot are also helpful)... He credits the shoes, stretching/icing, and hasn't had a need to see the podiatrist since purchasing them (no more shots, just a switch in his shoes!)... High reviews for these kicks!!!", "excellent high quality rubber, a premium model since they are atatomicas and fit the foot, the fabric is very strong and durable", "This are with out a doubt the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn! They give such arch and sole support. Plus, they take away the shock and impact with every step. The seller is amazing also! With such quick processing and shipping I had them the next day ( with next day shipping of course) Great investment!", "I knew that shox's were mainly for fashion but I was expecting them to be a little more comfortable than they are. but the do look great.", "At first I had my doubts because of how the materials looked. But I must say they are very resistant, I'v had this shoes for almost 10 months and they look great, the sole is practically intact. I use this shoes at least 3 times a week. I do recommend them. They are very comfortable and look very nice.", "Really like these shoes, I am on my second pair. I us them for work, I am on my feet on average 9 to 10 hours a day on a concrete floor, and these give great support. They are very roomy not tight fitting at all, just a great shoe overall. Only knock is they are expensive, but given the support and comfort they give, I would definitely by again.", "Hi I need 2 pairs of shoes size 8.5. when you will have that sizeNike Shox Turbo+ 12 Mens Running Shoes [454166-001] Black/Black-Metallic Cool Grey-Metallic Cool Grey Mens Shoes 454166-001I hope your answer. help me", "Hello,I bought this item for my boyfriend, he is really happy. I saw the running shoes and i love it.Thank you so much!Greetings,Silvana", "These shoes brought me lots of attentions. People kept looking at them. I think they look too good for me. It's very nice looking and the yellow bottom is a bit bright.", "These running shoes are very light and very comfortable to wear. After saying that the shoe looking just awesome is an added bonus. A little pricey but definitely worth it. Wearing these running shoes I feel I can run faster in them. Really.", "Amazing most comfortable shoes I have purchased this year! Highly recommended for runners, and for athletes, their light and snug.", "I've worn these Nike running shoes for years.  They have a wide stance, and really absorb shocks.  They are the most comfortable shoes I've ever worn.  I'm rally sorry that Nike quit making them.", "great product son loves them and says they are like running on air great choice of running shoe  will highly recommend", "These are fine as cross trainers, but as long distance shoes they leave a lot to be desired.  I recently ran a half-marathon, and my feet were extremely sore and tired.  Support seemed to give out about half way, after that I might as well have run barefoot, for all the good these shoes did me.  Sure, they look nice and are no doubt great for walking around town or shorter distance running and other activities, but if you are looking for a real running shoe, I would look elsewhere.", "I think this might be the single most greatest most awesomeness bargain ever. I placed mine in a shadowbox and mounted them on the wall.", "This was my first time to purchase a footwear on-line, and to my surprise it was an excellent bargain for a Nike shoe. It suits all types of activities from just taking a stroll to running and office work. Also, it was an eye catcher ;)", "shoes goods but not well ,they seem not original but they have the original logo &iquest;? I dont understand it.", "Got the shoes on time, true to its size, just like advertised. No complaints so far. Im totally satisfied with the purchase. Ill try to post an update in the future regarding quality, how it witstand normal use. Would recomend? YES.", "This shoes are great, its fit me like a glove.  I recommend this shoes for daily activities, not just sports.", "They are very light and confortable shoes. Received as expected. Great color (black with grey). Very soft to use and walk.", "got these shoes for a friend. he loves it. looks better than in the picture surprisingly & he said it's very comfortable. definitely got my money's worth. he even likes wearing it when he walks around even though my friend & i got it for him to wear for running & playing volleyball ahha", "I bought these shoes about 2 months ago and am looking to replace them.  My feet and legs hurt from using them.  While I know soreness is common for me, the foot pain i've gotten wearing these is not.  Would not recommend.", "Really nice and comfy. The black n white combo with shining nike sign stands out in public. I use them in day to day lyf.", "I got these shoes to replace my old Nike's that I use just for walking and parkour. They fit snug (good) and have good support. For the price they are what I expected, reliable.", "Sporty and comfortable high performance very strong in my recreation activities. Design and modern colors! generally recommend it as a good shoe.", "I purchased these shoes and the only problem was that they sent it to the wrong address and didn't want to send it to me again, and I have to drive 30 minutes to get the package. But the upside is that the shoes were very nice and my dad loved them.", "Absolutely love these cleats. Had the red/silver pair before but had a hard time finding the same pair at a reasonable price. So, I ordered the white/black/orange ones instead.I have worn a lot of different cleats in my years, and for a lot of different sports. These are by far my favorite. I wore them for the first time to a tournament that included three 1.5-2 hour long games on Saturday and another 3 games on Sunday. Not one blister, not one problem. I felt faster cutting, got great support, and the material is just so comfortable.I had previously purchased a pair of cheap adidas cleats and will never make that mistake again. My feet hurt so bad after only a day of wearing those that I had to go out and buy these to replace them!I highly recommend these cleats. Go NIKE!", "These spikes were very good for track and very useful for the high jump.  I would purchase them again. They were extremely comfortable.", "This shoe looks a little different than most Nikes, but it is a great shoe.  I have had several people ask me where I got the shoe!", "These shoes are very good for every thing  especially running. These fit perfectly you don't even have to worry about them being to small. That is all for the review. sincerely, mystery", "Air ventilated ,most comfortable shoe ever said my sonGreatest mom ever!Yeah this is a great NikeMy son loves the traction he gets he can't slip in this sneaker and he can run fast. LolThis sneaker stays together so far and still looks new after months so far since April", "I love these shoes to run or just to walk around in.  They are very comfortable and light! I'd definitely purchase these shoes again!", "I love these shoes! I put them on and don't want to take them off. They are the most comfortable indoor shoes I have ever put on. They actually have shape to the insole instead of just being flat and they have eliminated the shin splints that I used to get on a daily basis. I wear a 7.5 and I had to get a 7.5 in mens.", "ME ES GRATO COMENTARLE QUE SON UNA EMPRESA 100% CONFIABLE Y SERIA. RECIBI EL PRODUCTO DE UN PAR DE ZAPATOS EN BUEN ESTADO Y EN UN TIEMPO ESTIMADO RAPIDO. ME SIENTO ORGULLOSO DE HABER HECHO NEGOCIO CON USTEDES, ESPERO REALIZAR OTRA COMPRA A FUTURO.GRACIAS POR LA ENTREGA DEL PRODUCTO.", "The colour is beautiful.The sneakers is on time, it's on mode.This the profesional sneakers for the profesional people.The price is good.And is a real sneakers", "I was surprised on how light and airy these shoes are. I dont use these shoes for jogging, just your everyday shoe. The grip is excellent, and almost feels like your wearing socks..............", "I use this shoe for daily use, I feel very comfortable with them, buy a measure to my feet but they sent me one with a larger number, but I tried it and I were very good and the number they sent me was correct.", "Another great Nike product. I've been running in Nike shoes for 30 years and this shoe fits right in with classic Nike running styles. Great fit, good rebound, solid heel cup, flexible body, and a nice, thick sole with grip on uneven trails and dirt roads. The laces are self adhesive so they don't untie themselves. Love 'em.", "Stylish, warm, good fitting pair if indoor soccer shoes. They are suede and leather and very warm. The yellow swoosh is very cool.", "very good for soccer players who love to shooting and record goalssize was very perfect  ..quality is the best", "The Nike Total 90 Shoot IV TF men's turf shoes in size 12.5 arrived in perfect condition free of defects and without any damage to the packaging.  The pictures didn't do them justice as they looked even better in person.", "This top is flattering on and I liked the look of the fabric. It is wool on the outside and a synthetic layer on the inside; great idea to address the itchiness of wool. Unfortunately, the fabric snags very easily - almost like a pair of nylons. My shirt snagged the day I purchased it. I checked the shirt's reviews on the Nike website at the time (I no longer see any reviews on their website for some reason) and a couple of other customers experienced the same issue. Hopefully, they will revise the fabric to make it less snag resistant in the future.", "These shoes meet my needs. I sometimes run on gravel and unlevel ground. These shoes take the difficult terrain very well. They help me keep balance while running/walking.", "Great for the money, Lighter weight than I thought, but my son likes that about them. I would purchase more like these.", "I must say this sneakers is very comfortable, I use it to train in the gym and it works great. The only problem I encountered was the long time it took to ship, I waited about 6 weeks before I recieved my shoes :(.", "Great looking  pair of shoes. Waterproof, comfortable, and durable. The only downside is they do not offer wide sizes.Other than that great shoe.", "Amazing shoes, they do feel tight so ,5 more in your size would be a good choice.The weird inside of the shoe is nice!!!", "IF YOUR THINKING ON BYING THIS GO FOR ITS 1000000% SAVE. THE BOX IN PERFECT SHAPE AND SHOES EVEN BETTER THEN IN THE STORE, NO WAY TO LOSE WITH THIS DEAL. VERY HAPPY WITH THE PRODUCT IN OVERALL IM GLAD I GOT THEM FROM HERE", "When the ground is very firm, these boots are the most effective I've ever worn, without needing a full stud. The grip is great and they feel like a glove.They will help your skill levels, but if you're not David Beckham already, they won't make you play like him.", "Nice shoe and fits well. It doesn't have the best grip and the shoes are insanely bright! But overall it's a good pair of indoor shoes", "I ordered this shoes a while ago and i have no complains yet! Great shoes and size was what i expected.", "The product arrived on time, but the packaging was damaged (the shoe box was crushed) but the shoes themselves were not damaged. Unfortunatley the size I ordered did not fit my daughter even though she has always worn the same size track shoe, including this brand. So I'm not sure the sizing is accurate. I asked for a refund or exchange (at the time I preferred an exchange) and I sent the product back to the seller via priority mail on January 3rd. Today is January 22nd and I have yet to even receive an email back from this seller. If you want decent customer service, I would suggest purchasing from another seller. I will never order from this seller again and I'm pretty sure I will have to wait until March to get my refund back and will have to file a claim with Amazon.-never again", "Honestly have worn NIKE running shoes and others for years. I always have had no problem with size in my case TRUE TO SIZE and with room for cushion socks. Clean style and nothing fancy, a good running shoe. Try them out.", "They are too smallneed a size 11and some metal spikes but he likes the style of the shoes thanks so much", "Ok, I realize it's for track and field, but gimme a break! How am I supposed to get to the car to get to a track without busting my butt? These are the most asinine shoes I have ever seen. Completely uncomfortable and big because I ordered a size and a half up to be sure so that's my fault, but goodness. Does anyone really wear these things to walk around in or do you wear slippers until you get to the pavement? Absurd.", "I have had many pairs of Nike shoes, these shoes once again shoe me why I keep going back.  I prefer full foot air, and these shoes are exceptional.  Comfortable, supportive, and great looking all in one shoe!", "this shoe is supper comfortable, but they are only $109 at Nordstrom! baught them for my brother then went back and got a pair for myself. the Nike+ is also realy great, if you dont have an itouch or iPhone i recomend the tomtom watch to go along with it.", "I already had a pair of these but they were discontinued and i needed and other pair and i could only find them on Amazon", "I had worn these sneakers for about a week, and one day when I went to tie them the lace ripped right through the eyelet. I ended up going to Foot Locker, because I thought I could just exchange it there, apparently this was last years style. I paid more than what I should have. Foot Locker was gracious though, it was in their system, so they allowed me to get the newer model as an exchange.", "I have a pair with the same product number-I wear these at work-cabinetry and trim work so they see a lot of use/abuse.The last ones I had (which are on my feet now, nearly 10mo later) just lasted and lasted. My shoes normally go flat on the inside. These shoes hurt my feet after just a couple of weeks. These just are NOT the same.Combine that with slow shipping and the fact that I saved 50.00 off the original pair doesn't seem so great.", "They don't fit. Need to return. What more needs to be said. They are to tight or made wrong cuz I've had the same shoe in the past and had no problem in sizing", "Using these shoes for about 3 months and the left shoe started a squicky noise while walking. Very annoying. Paid a premium to buy such high end nike shoe but useless.", "OKay for a Nike tennis, but quality is doubtable. However this is not for sports use, so, it's just fine.", "I bought these shoes 3 months ago because my old running shows lost their comfort and support. I was looking for a running shoe that would truly absorb the shock of running outdoors, provide support, plus look good on my feet. These shoes have far surpassed my needs. They are really comfortable and I recommend buying a pair.", "Comfy and stylish. The shoe fit true to size and they are very light weight. They quickly become your everyday throw on sneaker!", "comfy and cool for summer, but not perfectly happy with the fixed-position tongue, especially since I need to insert a prescription orthotic.", "Great! The product was Right on time and reasonably priced.  I am very impressed with the service, quality, and comfort.", "great shoes for a very low price! on top of that, one of the most comfortable shoes ever! great alternative for a cost efficient running shoe.", "It is not that beautifully as it showed on te website, the color is a little dark and after I wear it for 3month, it begin to wear out. I just wear it once a week !", "My daughter is very delighted with the look, fit, and feel of these shoes. Everyone of her friends wears Nike's and now she is happy that she fits in. A really pretty shoe. Looks even better than the pictures.", "SHOES CAME ON TIME WITH A TRACKING NUMBER AND THEY FIT BUT A LITTLE TOO SMALL. I WOULD RECOMMEND GETTING A HALF SIZE BIGGER.", "I bought these shoes to wear while playing softball. They work well in the grass as well as on dirt. They are very comfortable. I'm so glad I bought them!", "I play lacrosse at the collegiate level and these terfs are the best terfs that I have had so far. They are comfortable and they look sick on the field.", "I've had these before, so I knew they were what I was looking for.  Just be warned that they run 1/2 size smaller, at least my 8.5 normal shoe size, I had to buy a 9 for this shoe.", "Very cheaply made.... Not worth the 9 dollars I spent. Pocket is much smaller than expected.  Pay more for something better.", "the shoe is comfy. i had a pair before and couldn't find them anymore. thanks amazon.... i plan on doing a lot of workouts with this great shoe.", "me llego los zapatos a mi casa lo desempaque de la caja  y estaban en perfecto estado son muy c&oacute;modos y confortables les recomiendo este producto sobre todo para los que hacen ejercicio", "I purchased these sneakers for my niece.  She really loved the sneakers.  She also  mentioned that she gets a lot of compliments on her sneakers.  I thought the sneakers were expensive, but  my niece really likes the sneakers.", "shoe is great... just too small.I now know my shoe size and will not make the same mistake again.", "the shoes did not fit; was told I wouldn't be charged a restocking fee but I was charged it anyway. I  expect this to be fixed", "Love these shoes! they fit perfect and are beautiful! i didn't realize that they had no tongue at first but i still really loved the way they look and fit. i where them almost everyday, so comfortable!", "This is a very good running shoe, great arch support and all around comfortable. I love the Nike Lunar Swift shoes and also own a pair in pink. I tell all of my friends and family about this great running. I will definetly buy another pair of the Nike brand. I love my Nikes.", "Got these running shoes a month ago! It is extremely comfortable and looks stylish as well. very reasonable price. Happy!", "Nike has done it again with a pretty good price I had these shoes for about 10 months now and they are holding up great. Still pretty white and have no holes. They still have pretty good grip under then yet. I work at my utility job with these on. Also i'm a 18 year old kid and i'm hard on my shoes.", "I love these sneakers.  I have them in black too.  They can be put in the washer as long as you take out the insers.", "When I wear this shoes,looks my feet be too big  , also it not comfortable wearing , but quality is good", "Excelentes Zapatos y muy c&oacute;modos para desplazarse, 100% recomendado para todos los jugadores de b&eacute;isbol y softboll, agarre perfecto y ligeramente livianos...!!!!!", "Ordered this cleat for my son for baseball, they are true to size and seem well made, good for the price. He is pleased with them .", "12 year old son absolutely loves these shoes.  They fit well, are comfortable and he thinks the style is great.", "Great buy on a great product. My feet stay warm and dry on morning trail runs. Won't run without putting them on now.", "Love these shoes! So cute- I got complimented on them 3 times the first day I wore them as well as asked where I got them! Thanks amazon, another great purchase!", "I have these in my Gym at all times and wear them on my treadmill. light and comfy!! Look cute as well. Fits to size and good shipping. For sure recomend", "Very light and confortable when walking, Doesn't make your feet tired like some tennis shoes, would recomend to other people", "My daughter likes these shoes but they are larger than other shoes.  We went to the mall & tried on Nike's (they didn't have shox in her size) & we ordered the size she wore but these are a little big. Kinda disappointed!", "I am on my feet at least 12 hours a day and these shoes are amazing. When you walk you can feel the shoe forming to your foot. I am even buying a second pair", "The fit is great - my wife was having ankle problems running with her old shoes - time for new running shoes - these look, feel, and breathe great!  The fit is true.  Quick delivery.", "My expererience with this item is very bad, because i didn't take my stuff and i want to send again or take it my money back.", "I absolutely love Nike's Lunarglide line!  These are the most comfortable athletic shoes I've ever worn!  Great fit, fantastic cushioning whether I'm running or hiking - I actually bought another pair to wear hiking as they can get kinda dirty - I managed to lose my running pair and had to buy this replacement pair.  I live in the desert and these breath well which is a big plus!.  I have to admit I actually have a third pair on order because I liked the color.  Yes, I'm hooked!", "I ordered one for my girlfriend, it arrives very fast and has excellent quality, she loves it very much and I highly recommend this product!", "Shoes arrived on time or early for Christmas. Simple, neat, and tidy transaction. No suprises, just great shoes quick and quick shipping", "Very good shipping.  Shoes are good not great.  Little disappointed in the insoles and the firmness of the shoes.  OK for running and light but not the best NIKEs.", "great sneaker.  very comfortable.  vibrant colors.  don't really understand the nike + part of it but am very happy with the shoe", "I love these shoes. The colors just pop, especially when I'm wearing pink. They're also comfy as most Nike's are:)", "Awesome shoe, and love the fit and style. I needed a new pair of shoes and was tired honestly, of never paying more than 60.00 for shoes.  The saying goes, you get what you pay for.  In the past my shoes were either too cheap to support, or not good enough to last, or not comfortable enough and made my feet fall asleep while on treadmills or ellipticals.  Not these!", "I have had these shoes for a few months now and I love them. They are so comfortable and I always get compliments on them. Very happy with my purchase!", "Very comfortable and appropriate shoes to play football. Everybody wants to be in my shoes. Everybody loves them. I am very happy with this acquisition.", "Good product for outdoor, winter running.  Sizing runs narrow, and I have wide feet, hence the 3 stars.  Fat footers beware, make sure to get a half size larger or get a wide size.", "I'm a 32 year old 220 lb male who was originally fitted into a motion control shoe.  I train for half marathons.  My left foot is relatively flat (not completely flat) and my right foot has less than average arc.  I had 2 pair of motion control shoes and had the same injury about 3-4 times; my Achilles kept flaring up.  My first pair were Saucany's ( I forgot the model) and the other was the Mizumo Alchemy.  I went back to the store to complain about the Alchemy and was told that I was \"over-training.\"I went to another store and they had me try on Men's Nike Zoom Structure+ 15.  From the day I tried them on, they fit like a clove.  I was about to purchase my 2nd pair until I came across the reviews and decided to fill one out.  Light weight, comfortable, stylish, and provide great support.  The only drawback I can state is that they wore out too fast... or maybe it's because I've been healthy for 5 straight months :)", "really good support and cushion. Structure 14 was highly recommended by many and consumer reports. 15 is even better.the review from Zappos said it was half size small, and i wear 8, so i bought 8.5. it is perfect.checked Zappos, was on sale.", "I'm not pleased with the product I received, because I know the shoes are good, but the problem here is that the images shown in Amazon the color was light grey and blue details in the back, but I received a dark grey and yellow details, so there is a serious problem selling a product that is not accordingly to the image shown. For me its too expensive to send back the product, I feel bad and angry because I received other color of the product.", "Well made.  Very comfortable and great running shoes.  Holds up well when wet and clean up easy. Love the shoes", "I had a repetitive injury from a few years back from rolling my foot out several times.  As a result I have very a streched ligament on the outside of my ankle that will never really heal properly.  With this injury, I need a high stability shoe, specifically with support on the outside of my foot to prevent future rollouts.  The Nike Structure series has been my go to shoe for a while and this is perhaps the most comfortable yet.  Highly recommended for those needing extra stability for walking or running.  Very lightweightand breathable as well.", "For an 44 year old athletic 230 lb guy with high arches I have had a heck of a time finding a comfortable sneaker for running. I bought these instead of the Asics Gel Kayano and haven't looked back! Very stiff and comfortable support for my foot. I can run all day in this with no foot pain. Always been a big fan of Nike running products and am glad I found these. I actually bought three pair so I have spares!", "This is the very best running shoe I have ever tried, and I have tried dozens of shoes. They look great while also protecting your feet and joints from the harsh pounding of street running. I even bought a spare pair so I won't have to find a new shoe if these are discontinued.", "If you are buying or considering buying these for running, all I can say is that if you buy these you won't be sorry.  They look pretty cool to stylish for casual wear with jeans, or you can wear them to the gym, on asphalt, or cement, or grass, or dirt, or over rocks.  I like these a lot.  I'll go so far to say that I love them.  If you do buy them, you won't be sorry.  They do come in 1/2 sizes so you can set your expectations high in expecting a good fit.", "This particular purchase was a birthday gift for my 12 year old brother. He is an active 12 year old boy who is on a soccer and football team. When I asked him to review these shoes his words were \"Amazing,, these shoes are comfortable and I love them\". So in conclusion these are one of the best purchases I made through amazon.", "Excellent Shoe....*Classic high-top cut for comfort and support.*Leather upper for durability.*Foam-padded collar with Achilles heel pad for protection.*Fabric lining and a cushioned sockliner for all-day comfort.*Lace-up front and a foam-padded tongue for optimum fit and feel.", "Great shoe for the price and comfort!  They have been put through 2 seasons and still going strong!  Hope his feet slow down.", "Like all Nike shoes, these were incredibly comfortable. Size was perfect. I just didn't like the color. For some reason, in the picture it looks dark brown but when I actually got them, the color would &#34;change&#34; depending on the lighting. It would vary from black, grey, dark brown, and brown.", "I ordered to myself black sneakers, sent sneakers of brown color, on a box and in the order is written color black. It was necessary to present sneakers to the friend. More than anything in this company never I will buy and to you I don't recommend.", "just what  i ordered thanks again amazon i would recommend these to anyone who is looking for some good shoes, feels good on my feet gonna buy another one soon", "This was exactly what I wanted for my boyfriend. They are even prettier when they came in the mail. The picture doesn't do them justice.", "I love these, a little more &#34;thick&#34; than I thought they would be on the top, but it makes them a lot more cushioned. I LOVE the color. It's just bright enough for people to notice but not too bright to be pretentious.", "THis was my main concern when trying to buy shoes. I was looking for a lightweight shoe that would be gentle with my feet and lessen the friction in my ankles and soles. This is an excelent shoe for that and running outside or in the track feels very comfortable.", "My daughter is very hard on equipment.  These cleats hold up very well with coed soccer for 18 year olds.", "I actually own 2 pairs of the Nike Toki Canvas Shoe, this black grey right here and a light brown colored pair with a white bottom. I believe it to be a very aesthetically pleasing item due to the canvas material. It doesn't quite pop out/jump out like Nike shoes do, which I prefer, more of a perfect compliment to a nice/to the right outfit. An everyday shoe versus the Nike 'athlete's' shoe. The bottom is rubber so durable, no complaints on the sole in regards to comfortableness and pretty easy to keep looking clean if you so desire.Normally when it comes to this style of shoe, Nike isn't the first brand to come to my mind but I think they did a great job with the design/appearance, coupled with the quality, durability you come to expect with the Nike Brand. And also in the end, you can still boast that they are Nikes and recognition that recieves.", "Always happy with Tokis and this is a nice colorway. They're comfortable too so what more can you ask for?", "The shoes have a good design which is common for many of Nike sneakers, but usually that means sacrificing comfort for looks. Not with these shoes, they are very comfortable with nice padding and don't feel cheap at all. These shoes are well worth the price and I would recommend them to anyone.", "I've worn these shoes most days for about a year now, and they still look and feel the same, which is a good thing because these are so comfortable.  I recommend.", "Nice pair of sneakers, very comfortable I own 3 pairs in diffrent colors. They are not made to excercise in but to just use then going around town.", "just like it says. they all love them. kinda feels like suade material. idk i work retail and i wear them there. super comfy once broken in and breath decent.", "I wear them as part of my uniform for a while..first time ever the quality was not so great.. but last few models were lasting more then year witha a descent form and visiual appearance even if I was wearing them every day.increased number of different colors and styles make them even more favorite on my list..", "smooth, walking on the clouds best tennis shoes I had purshased they worth the money, fast delivery, I'm ahappy camper,thank you nice experience", "Nice shoe with a bit of timeliness. Kool fit and look lots of comments. Sold out quickly over four years ago at premium prices now a deal.", "I've tried many different types of running shoes and these are the only ones that actually make me want to run more. Very comfortable!", "excellent product. 100% recommended. timely shipping and good quality. to continue sending this.Comfy nice looking shoe ...Great shoes. Comfy and seemingly durable - I've only had them a few weeks, but overall They Do not Appear To Have weak spots like I've had similarly designed shoes from Skechers.", "Bought as a gift, box was heavly damaged and tapped together. Shoes on the other hand were great, leather and nubuck.", "The best shoes like a mlb playerGood shoes fit like a glove, durable and quality materialsVery comfortable and light", "Excelentes zapatos. C&oacute;modos. Tienen un al viejo estilo nike.Me comprar&iacute;a otro par sin lugar a dudas.Muy bien todo", "I liked these sneakers so much that I bought a second pair in blue. They fit snug, have good grip and they look good both with shorts and jeans.", "Nikes, especially the lunar glide series are amazing! They are so comfortable and they look great too. LOVE these shoes! I wanted these colors and could'nt find them in the women's so I purchased the men's in a size 8 to fit my size 10 and they fit perfect.", "This is a fairly good product.  I have heard reviews stating that if you purchase this product, make sure you wear it 'only' for that event when you do it.  Well, I (try to) play basketball and I do this once or twice a week.  These shoes have great support on the ankle but as the other reviews have mentioned, it doesn't last too long if you use it for normal wear.  I've had these shoes for 3 months now and I'm starting to see the wear and tear, but so far not too bad of a shoe.  Just don't wear it for normal every day use, otherwise, within, I imagine, 3-4 months of wearing them, you may have to buy another pair.", "this shoes was not my size. so its too big for me . well actually was a present from my girlfriend", "the first day I bought these a hot mom complimented me on them. two years later I still have them and they look pretty new because I throw them in the washer from time to time.", "I get a lot of compliments on the shoes re: appearance. They do run a little small though. I'd probably order 1/2 size larger the next time. They were a good value though.", "the fabric is too frail. my pinky toe and big toe ripped it, even though i got a size 14. plus the orange was a lot brighter than depicted.", "Haven't had a chance to actually wear them yet, but I tried them on & I  can't wait. They look so cool!", "I'm a big fan of Nike Shox, but my podiatrist said that I should never wear them again because it is not a stable shoe. She said that you can roll your ankle very easily. She suggested Asics, Saucony, New Balance, etc. I tried them all but they don't have the cushion I need after I had foot surgery. I tried on a pr of Nike Air Max Tailwind at a local store and fell in love with them. They have the cushion I need and the sole seems stable. They were over $100 at the local store so I searched for them on Amazon. They were much cheaper and the shipment was quick. The only problem I had was that they sent me the wrong color. The description said dark grey/white/volt (green), but I received metallic grey/pink. It's a good thing I'm a girl, and not a guy. My feet are killing me in my old Nike's so I will not bother exchanging this pr. If you're a Shox fan, you will love Air Max!", "These feel thin, fit funny, and seem kind of cheaply made. Pretty disappointed. Overall, it's a pair of shoes at a good price.", "I've been using this shoes for some months and they feel very comfortable. I'd not say they are very durable because I can already see some wear and I do not use them for running; only walking and mostly daily use. One of the rubber sides that have been worn out shows some of the green-colored interior of the shoe which does not look good. They feel light and that's something I like, but I believe that's the reason they are a bit fragile too.", "Everything was great but the shoes had a small scuff on the toe. They also fit kinda tight for my size.", "Is there going to be a size 11.5 coming anytime?id buy a pair if my size was available to be purchased.", "the shoes can in on time, but the box that it came in was in terrible shape the shoes look like they had been worn as they were lace different from shoe to shoe and the white look like it had been wash parts of it was not as white as other parts.the shoes do fit and they are comfortable.", "Seller provided excellent customer service.  Answered all of my questions in a timely manner.  The shoe was just as described.  Was looking for these shoes everywhere to gift, I was so happy to find here.  Nike never disappoints, great quality, great style.  Arrived quickly, would highly recommend.  Thank you!!", "These are very rugged and comfortable. This is a rare combination of shoe. Get exactly your size as they are snug on the foot.", "My very fussy teenage son loves these shoes, they arrive very quickly and were well packaged, by that I mean they can in the ACTUAL shoe box wrapped instead of inside an enormous box with air pockets etc like some other shoes have.", "This shoe looks great but is the poorest designed shoe in the history of shoes for one reason:  It's nearly impossible to put them on!  The inner \"sock\" part is so tight that you literally have to fight for five minutes to fit your foot in them.  Over time, this sock part may stretch, but I'm not going to wait to find out!  Horrible design, I can't believe there aren't more negative reviews for this shoe.", "Wow, a previous reviewer was correct...the sock insert that Nike used was a terrible idea, I had to send them back for this reason. They looked great out of the box, but were very uncomfortable and I was not interested in breaking in a sneaker...", "I got these because i needed new shoes and also played basketball in schooli chose 5 stars because they have lasted me a long time (i take care of them) and i am currently wearing themPros:stylishcomfortablelong lastinggood materialCons:nonei would recommend this for basketball players or anybody looking for a comfortable and stylish shoe", "I've had these shoes for a few months now and they are still holding up. Usually I rip through shoes really quickly, so I am surprised to see that they are still in good condition. Very stylish as well. Good buy.", "These shoes have held up well and stay pretty clean looking due to the dark colors.  not the most comfortable I've ever worn but for kicking around and an everyday shoe they are great.  Intense walking and exercise they did start to make my toes/front foot sore a bit.", "same size foot...different feel; it squeezes at the sides. Also, the quality seems inferior to the one I so fondly remember buying in 1996...the last loop for the lacing on the right side burst within 2 months of purchase. So my right side is permanently loose and untying compared to the left. I bought the white/grey/green to this earlier and no problems at all....fits good and no busted loops.", "Been using these comfy shoes for months and i never been happier to wear it every time i worked out. Worth what i paid for!", "Nice shoes, a little stiff at first, but a great fit with lots of support.  I was a little skeptical about ordering shoes on line, but these are great.", "They are very comfortable! The are wide, the color's are great, and the shoe is supportive! I normally wear 8 1/2 but I bought a nine", "LOVE IT! These shoes feel great and are feather light. I would highly recommend> I got then for working out at the gym.", "they are comfortable and i get no pain in feet even after hours of walking. and walking. and walking. and walking.", "Bought these for my son. He loves them for walking and running trails around town. Using on concrete and dirt and they are very versitale and supportive. Love the great arch support, can wear all day!", "Fit way too small, was so disappointed because they are very cute. They were tight around the sides of my feet and my toes", "el producto llego atiempo y en buen estado la calidad es excelente no tengo quejas al respecto lo recomiendo ampliamente", "The shoe seems to be &#34;unisex&#34;, as the advertisement stated &#34;men's&#34; shoe; however, upon receiving it, noted it to be advertised as a &#34;women's shoe&#34;. However, my son loved the shoes, and didn't know any differently, and the company stated if there was a problem with this, they would gladly accept the return. (I decided to keep it..) My son has no complaintss. Is extremely happy with them!", "Like my previous pairs of Free TR's, this is so comfy to just walk around in, but I like to use them for weights in the gym. Sometimes run in them but I prefer to use a more \"springy\" shoe. Great color for a change. The lining will be great for running in Bogota.", "GREAT SHOES. OUTSTANDING SHAPE. GREAT VENDOR. PRODUCT ARRIVED 2 DAYS EARLIER THAN EXPECTED. THAT IS ALWAYS A PLUS!!!  I WILL DEFINITELY PURCHASE FROM THIS VENDOR AGAIN IN THE FUTURE.", "My boyfriend and I both work warehouse jobs and are on our feet for 10 hours every day and never stop walking. Now, I've been wearing the women's version of this shoe ever since I started my assignment and never had any complaints about my feet hurting. My boyfriend on the other hand, had been wearing his old New Balances. I bought these for him for Christmas and the difference (according to him) has been night and day. It's amazing how well these shoes move with your feet, especially on the job.", "my son is ten. he goes through shoes like crazy. these shoes have lasted him the longest by far. great shoes. very pleased.", "the shoes are nice and all but too much money the shoes are $56 so too shorten it up good shoes bad price", "I ordered a pair of Nike running shoes through Amazon dealer \"SHOESTATION.COM\". The shoes arrived and I left them in the box for a month since they were for an upcoming class I was taking. A month later I noticed some of the stitching coming out on the upper part of the shoe. Although the damage was mainly cosmetic and didn't really compromise shoe function(yet), it still shouldn't have happened after only 3 uses. It seemed to unravel more each time the shoe is worn.I contacted the seller by telephone and they told me to use the email feature through Amazon. I used Amazon's email feature, which allowed me to upload pics of the damage, and submitted it to the seller. The seller said that it appeared to be a manufacturer defect and told me I would have to take it up with Nike. I replied to the seller telling them I was displeased and that I didn't think I should be having to chase down Nike when SHOESTATION sold me the shoe, via Amazon.com. They told me they couldn't help me and gave me a telephone # for Nike customer service.I contacted Nike and get this, SHOESTATION is on their list of UNAUTHORIZED SELLERS!!!!!!!! That's right, Nike can't or won't do anything about it since I bought from an unauthorized Nike dealer. I will now be heading to a shoe repair shop to get my shoe re-stitched.Don't let the same thing happen to you. Stay away from anything being sold by SHOESTATION.", "I love these shoes! If I could still find them I would buy more. I have two pair now and my feet feel great in them!", "Dd", "Buen zapato me llego con todo y caja original de la nike, aunque la costura del mismo no me complacio por completo, la plantilla no viene con algun logo de la marca.", "These shoes are very comfortable. Fine perfect. Great for walking/jogging and everyday use. I love mine and wear them almost every single day!", "They were a little small and since my last 3 pair of Nikes have all been the same size that's what I ordered for these as well. However they were slightly snug. Once broken in they are the most comfortable shoes I own.", "I'm a CNA. 8 hours a day on my feet. My husband picked these out and done a really great job. They are extremely comfortable!!", "I like these shoes. They are cute and comfortable. They are also easy to clean. These shoes have held up well to. I think they are a great value.", "Great sneakers but i would recommend them for spring/summer due to the mesh material. Other than that, I love them for fashion.", "Great fit!  Awesome comfort!  When I saw them in the store, I did not stop until I found them in my size!  I am so happy with the color purple!", "es muy c&oacute;modo el zapato, los colores son muy vivos tal como se ve en la foto, son muy frescos por el sistema de tela  deja entrar el aire a traves del zapato, en lineas generales es ideal para hacer deportes, solo veo algo no favorable, el pl&aacute;stico o goma de la zuela, resbala en la humedad, eso no ocurre con todos los zapatos deportivos que he tenido", "These shoes are great!  They are comfortable, light, and look even better in person.  I am very happy with my purchase!", "These Nike Dual Fusion sneakers are AWESOME...very comfortable!I wear them while working (standing on my feet) and my feet do not hurt as much as with wearing \"other\" sneakers!", "I love these shoes! They look great and feel great!I bought them before a Vegas trip. Got them in the day before we left, put them on and I was good to go! Love them!", "Excellent", "Used them for a marathon and lasted through it. They are comfortable and good to run with. I still use them.", "my sons foot is a little bit small because his feet are a little wide so they were a little bit tight on him at first but when they stretched out they fit perfectly.", "The Nike ACG Woodside size is somewhat small/tight.  I boot will need some stretching before they fit comfortably.  The tightest spot is the stitching between the rubber and leather. I love the way the boot looks, but I hope I did not waste my money if I can't get them to stretch.", "I live in Chicago. This is probably the best item I bought last year. Highly recommended. Every penny is worth it.", "the shoe is an original nike and its just really great stuff... really lite, and good for runnning or just walking around.", "I would have to say everything was excellent. Great shoe, colors and fit was great. Thanks so very much Coach.", "LOVE THESE Nike Men's NIKE INSPIRE DUAL FUSION RUNNING SHOES....As long as you know your shoe size it's not a bad Idea to buy your kicks online, the price is great & they got to me MAD QUICK", "I really like the feel and comfort of the Nike Shox. I use them running around the lake, or around the house. I would buy another  pair.", "Bought for my son. He loves them. Dressier than athletic shoes, but with the comfort. Great with jeans or khakis.", "They are very comfortable,I got them to wear to work, I do a lot of walking on hard floors so I'm very satisfied with how the cushioning makes my feet feel when I'm walking .", "Good boots for my workI bought this come newBut the box is bad shapeI wear almost everyday this winter", "the shoe is very rigid, it lets you know in a silent way that its in control of your movements and not you. its very beautiful. i never knew that Nike not just make boots but also mature looking ones too. its doesnt have the consistent signature of nike  whereby the nike logo is plastered all over the shoe so that the whole world knows you are wearing a nike product. with this brand, im very sure that a lot of corporate men would love to lay their hands on it.......if only they are made aware of such a unique, different lovely pair of boots. an example to illustrate what i mean by sayin it doesnt follow the regular nike pattern is  by saying for instance Lamborghinni goes into SUV production. majority of the whole world believes that they do not produce SUV's but very few are aware or even know that the &#34;Urus&#34; was launched  at the Volkswagen Group Night in Beijing, China, April 22, 2012. bottom line is............its a wonderful pair of boots just waiting to be known by all rather than the conventional trainers or sandals or sneakers that the whole world knows", "These boots seem solid,look good, maybe not as immediatly as comfortable as my last keen boots, but I think they'll break in fine,hard to review because only time will tell, They are boots.", "So lightweight and comfortable. Great looking boots. I am really enjoying them and my coworkers have said they look great.", "I have a pair of Nike leather boots that I have used and abused for probably close to 15 years.  They are finally starting to fail...  I still wear them, but the sole is coming off and the eyelets have rusted so they eat shoestrings like I eat bacon.  I love these boots and my first choice was to buy another pair just like them.  The only identifying characteristics I could fine were the letters ACG on the boots.  In searching Nike ACG leather boots I was directed to these boots which in the picture actually look similar to the boots I have.  It seems that appearance is the only thing that is similar.  The quality is gone.  I am sure that the material they are made of is by some definition \"leather\".  It feels and looks much more like plastic.  I doubt they would have held up through one winter and in terms of comfort and warmth they inspired very little confidence.  I returned them.  Why the 3 star review?  Honestly, my opinion is 1 star.  I have too much respect for my feet to ever put crap like these boots on them... but I do feel that part of that feeling stems from my own disappointment in the comparison to the boots I have.  That is not the fault of the boots I returned, so I gave them the benefit of the doubt.  I also can't verify the comfort or warmth factors... I never wore them.  If you do buy them, I hope that they meet your needs and thanks for taking the time to read my review.", "Perfect fit and very comfortable I thought they were going to be very narrow like all Nikes are for me but these shoes are perfect in every aspect .", "I love these sneakers! Stylish, comfortable and a great price.... what more can you ask for?  Lol i also have the silver ones", "I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE THESE NIKE GOLD running shoes.  I don't want to wear them because I just want to stare at them!  Silly, I know, but I will eventually wear them. I would pair them with white shorts or jeans.  I recommend them, and at 25.00, you can't go wrong.", "I have five pairs of this particular style, they are my favorite shoe very comfortable I have them in both women size 9 and 10. I ordered these taking a chance because it did not say for women or men. Definitely a men size 10. I compared them with my other size 10.  Still it's such a great color so sad to return it.", "This shoes are size 9 but in man size,this is 27centimetres,  they are 10 in women size , ( see the sizing info), The seller must make a precise description of the product, to avoid errors", "It fits very well! I really love this shoes. It is very comfortable. And the price is good. It is really worth the money.", "this is the third pair I have purchased they fit and wear great look good with most things I wear, too old for white tennis type shoe", "Youngest son love his sneaker and will purchase more in the future! He loved the so much awesome buy folks", "These are perfect for showing off a nice new pair of kicks when brand new.  When they get a little scuffed, work even better for work boots.  Excellent traction, extremely comfortable and durable.  I had to get a new pair because I beat the hell out of my old ones and they held together well, just looked like....well, like I beat the hell out of them.  I am a home inspector so I'm on roofs (traction), all over exterior and interior of homes and still presentable for my clients.  I will buy them as long as Nike keeps selling them.  I also got a great deal on Amazon for my second pair.", "These shoes are a must have I've been wanting to get these shoes for the past month and half now I can't wait til there own my feet.", "I like the leather construction of the shoe.  The shoes are easy to get on and off.  However, the connection between the tongue and the shoe caused blisters on the top of the 4th toe on each foot even though I always wear two pair of socks when playing basketball.  The toe box of the shoe is also somewhat narrow.  The shoes may feel better after more wear but I don't think I would buy another pair because of the discomfort in the toe of the shoe.  I purchased the shoe for its leather construction and high ankle support.", "muchisimas gracias me han quedado a la medida, me parecieron lo mejor.. rapido y atentos con mi compra, espero comprarles nuevamente en alguna oportunidad e mi vida.", "The sneaker was a little tight on the roof of the shoe, but after wearing it a couple of times it loosened up. Once that happened, the shoe was comfy and warm.", "The boots were smaller than I expected. I usually wear a 8 or 8 1/2 and the 8s were too small. I should have ordered a 9.  Other than that I like them.", "I want a pair in this color in size 12 and they have been out of stock for over a year I have called amazon and they are not restocking them. These are the most comfortable boots I have ever owned .I  am on concrete  10-12 hours a day a bad back ,bad  knee  and I love them. Just tremendous", "I like Nike shoes and in particular this model, its style, pretty good design and very comfortable. I'd recommend this one", "They were perfect for him.  Exactly what he wanted  They're a very nice clean looking shoe that can be worn for casual or even kind of dressed up.", "I was disappointed in the quality of this boot.  The sole wasquality, but the rest of the boot felt like it was made ofthin cardboard.  Sent them back.", "Comfortable, durable, waterproof. I have hiked all over Colorado foothills in them and they are wonderful! If you buy these boots you won't be disappointed.", "Loved this shoes! they are super confortable! Nike never lets me down.It feels so soft inside and I can reccommended it to anybody!", "They're a really sharp looking pair of shoes, they were just a little big for my sister who is usually a 7 on the dot. Still, i'm a huge fan of the style and I have stellar taste in shoes :)", "Great shoe Nice style I have them in white/blue & wanted then in black so I decided to get them I was if'y about buying them online . But it worked out .Got them quick and as expected .", "I bought this for my husband, it fits and looks great.  He says its very comfortable and it even gave him about  an inch more height (thats a plus)", "Its simple. Love the boots, recommend the boots, however buy you some Dr. Scholl's gel insoles and you are set to 100% comfort!", "I'm a women that was looking for a fashoinable boot style somewhat tennis shoe that speaks for itself but also capable of standing through different types of weather. I chose Nike as the brand for their popularity and quality. I made an awesome purchase. They are mens boots and they happened to be perfect for me. I've only worn them 3 times and have received compliments every day they were worn.", "This is a sturdy, albeit a bit heavy, snow boot. Unfortunately it was too big and I sent it back.", "I have several foot problems ranging from torn ligaments (repair with partial syndactilization of 2nd and 3rd metatarsal on right foot), bilateral plantar fasciitis, and bilateral neuromas.  It is very difficult for me to find a shoe that is comfortable both walking and running.  These shoes are attractive and provide the cushioning and support that I need.  My orthotics fit these shoes well, with a wider toe box than Nike normally has.  I am a nurse, so being on my feet for a 12 hour shift is usually difficult, but these shoes have kept me comfortable with little post shift pain, inflammation, fatigue.  Excellent.", "I got these shoes for $54.00 which is more than half price off these are one of the nicest pair of Air Max I have.", "From the look of them,  first thought there were gonna be snug and I was going to have to keep wiggling my feet to get in them, but I didn't me and my daughter likes everything about them.", "Great style, great fit, and they look good! Only downside is they are not lined so wear thick socks. Nice sole unlike comparable Uggs at $150.", "Bought these a while ago and I don't even know if they're still available, but... just in case.  I finally put them in the goodwill bin after wearing them once outside the house and about 5 more times in the house trying to convince myself they couldn't possibly be as uncomfortable as they are.  Well, they are.  The toebox is shallow and pinches the toes down from the top.  Silly.  Thought I was going to lose my big toenail just from one afternoon of wearing.  Never had shoes do that and you'd think Nike would know better.", "Little unconfortable especially foot hill and the toes. Like the colour and the design, the shoe laces should be little broder.", "Shoe is comfortable and looks great.  Best feel and colors look good just like the picture.  They are a little overpriced but worth it.", "EXCELLENT PRODUCT AND PRICE .EXCELLENT QUALITY WHAT OTHER BRANDPRICE IS GOOD WHAT OTHER BRANDSI LIKE THIS COLOR AND MATERIAL", "excellent product, very comfortable and cool, very good quality, they are very beautiful, are perfect for touring around, and its low weight comodidiad", "Great looking, well made shoe for the price. But if you do not fall in the neutral foot category forget it. I am a moderate overpronator and these shoes killed me during an 8 mile hike on a soft/wet limestone trail. Needs more support/stability. I have relinquished these shoes to casual townies instead of what they're described for. The material is not very water resistant. They wet easily.", "I love this shoe so much, I bought three pairs to put in reserve because Nike doesn't make them anymore.  So why review it?  If you did not buy any, It does not matter.", "bought these at sieze eleven maybe my feet maybe the shoes but they are extremely uncomfortable , i hardly wear them because they hurt , only would wear for a few hours going out, because they are new shoes but wouldn't wear all day because it would cause me too much pain", "Purchased these for my granddaughter she was very impressed with them the fit was just right she wishes they had them in more color, this is great.", "there are red dots on the bottom of the shoe that wore out on the 2nd week of wearing. Maybe it is my walking.  i am not sure.update:wow, i cannot believe my review is still here after a few years.  acutally i like this shoe, i still sometimes wear it.=)", "PRODUCTO RECOMENDADO 100%. SON ORIGINALES. LLEGARON A TIEMPO....EXCELENTE CALIDAD.NO DUDEN EN COMPRARLOS.....A MI ME ENCANTARON ...ES LA MEJOR COMPRA QUE PUEDEN HACER", "The shoe looks just as pictured. The only problem is that it is a bit narrow at the front but i guess it will stretch out with  few wears. So u should get a 1/2 size bigger just for comfort.", "Purchased this sneaker for my Son.  He said they fit great. He is really happy with them. Received shipment quickly.", "Shoe would probably be comfortable if I had ordered a larger size.  Cannot walk in the shoe all day because of small size.  I wear a size 7 and should have ordered an 8.", "He loved the color and had to wear them right away! They were supposed to be for school.  Perfect condition, color, and size.", "I purchased this shoe for my son.  I liked it but he did not like the neon green on the bottom so it was returned.", "I'm sure this is a great sneakers but it was very big in size not the fit but the sneaker itself. Very disappointed. Watched these sneakers for months and was disappointed once I got them.", "I have both this shoe and the regular air max 2012 running shoe. Both are awesome. This one is just a bit heavier but supports the ankle a lot better. It's just a much stiffer shoe. It feels like there may be more air pressure in the pocket. I'm not an expert, but the air max 2012 is lightweight and feels almost like you're not wearing a shoe, and this one is just a more durable rugged version. Like maybe for running, but off road or something. I like it. I love it. They look great. You should get them you'll be glad you did.", "esto era lo q buscaba, me parecieron lo mejor.. rapido y atentos con mi compra, espero comprarles nuevamente en alguna oportunidad e mi vida.", "These are nice shoes, but were too tight; I take an 8 and ordered an 8 & 1/2 and even that was too small. Ordered a 9, but haven't gotten them yet so can't say how they fit.", "these shoes are really great and look good with just about any jeans youre wearing,. i buy nike leather because they are more durable than any other shoe i own .. tough to break in at first but there are always tricks to that.", "el producto es lo esperado, calidad total muy c&oacute;modos y ergon&oacute;micos para realizar entrenamiento.la entrega se realizo dentro de los tiempos estipulados recomendados 100%", "Shoes were as pictures right size came in on time very happy with this purchase not a knock off brand good shoes!", "I always enjoy some good shox that fit, and when I say \"fit\" I mean that I feel like they were made for my feet. Now I'm just waiting for a pair of steel toe or hard toe slip-on boots(or lace-up) that fit this well.... Hint hint Nike... Big business.......", "did i make this purchase? can't remember it at all. i wonder who has these shoes - i don't have them", "wow these are nice! i was stoked to open the box and realize they outdid themselves. since theyre are limited pics availible i was afraid they would be too thin or make my foot look narrow. build quality is top notch and the color is unique. def glad i picked them up..... if even at full retail price. so despite them being 140$ theyre still a good buy in my opinion. i went to the nike outlets but couldnt find anything comparable in terms of styling, IF all i wanted was a pair of shox then yes the outlets had a few for 80-100$ but these are exactly what i was looking for, i found pics of all gold ones and black with gold logo/shox, if amazon had them i would had picked up a pair of each of those as well. haha", "They look better from the side than they do from the top. From the top they look like you're a tin man in the wizard of oz, but they're nice and nearly comfortable for shox. Shox are not the most comfortable running shoes, in my opinion, but i think they're more trendy-ish than functional. Surprisingly, they don't feel as narrow as usual and formed well to my feet.", "The shoes are wonderful, however, my size is 9.5 yet I bought an NZ Shox at ten & half to accommodate the width of my feet earlier. Thinking they would fit the same I discovered they did not.  So, with this style (R4) one needs no consideration of width and should order your regular shoe size.  They were the coolest shoe.  Thanks to an understanding seller - I did return them and went elsewhere for a different shoe.  That's another story.Order your regular size for the R4. :)", "I bougt them a month on a sale for approx. $100. I planned to use them for my trip to Stubaital in Austria. Quite comfortable but after 4 hours of walking mainly indoors in a shopping mall, they just broke. I mean really... these air pockets in the sole just burst. Thanks God, this did not happen somewhere in the mountains...My recommendation is very simple: do not buy these boots.", "I bought these boots by Nike and so far I have no regrets. These boots are easy to put on and take off; and they keep my feet warm and dry especially when I have to shovel snow in wintertime and eventually walk through endless puddles of slush that come when the snow melts as temperatures rise in springtime.As of this time, you may be able to get a slightly lower price at brick and mortar stores or elsewhere. Another advantage of brick and mortar stores is that you can try on the boots for size and tell right away if they'll fit you or not.Overall, these are fine wintertime boots for most purposes. They do not have a steel toe; but they are still very well made. These should last me a long time!", "Very comfortable only complaint is the ugly reflector shoe strings they shoulda been all black. Other than that I like em as much as the other version", "The Air Max Conquer ACG Boot is everything I was looking for.  It is well-constucted, comfortable, and stylish.  Oh... and waterproof.  I don't know that they would survive \"all-conditions\" but I purchased them to wear around town and for light camping and hiking.  I think they will serve me well in that capacity.", "Is OK But The Material Is Too Hard The Lef Sneaker Is Tide and The Rest Is OK Thank You", "These fit great and look great. I have received quite a few comments on these shoes as most everyone likes them and are surprised to see that Nike has made something in this style.", "This product fits like a glove.  There is no break-in time required.  From the moment your feet go inside they are comfortable stable and allow great performance. 60% of my day is spend teaching classes.  I own and operate a Fitness Studio so comfort and performance are extremely important", "Found these sneakers in the Nike store but they didn't have my size so I went on Amazon and, of course, I found them AND they were cheaper!!! LOVE,LOVE,LOVE Amazon. I love these sneakers, they are comfortable and provide the support I need.", "Love shoxs! They are my favorite sneaker! I have five pairs! I needed these for my trip to California.... They are wonderful thank you so much!!", "I absolutely love these shoes! The hot pink is perfect and they shipped quick. I am definately happy with my purchase and even happier that I found the perfect shoes :)", "These were a gift. They came as pictured, but with a black shimmer, which was a nice surprise. They fit her too small, which was strange since she has similar Nike shoes in the same size.", "I'm a big fan of Nike Shox. Several years ago I found nike shox and fell in love with them. i only wear them as my casual shoes these days. I love this pair with waterproof material, nice color and cushiony heel.", "I love this sneaker. Its super comfortable and the delivery was really quick. Also fits true to size. Would highly recommend to others.", "These are classic shoes by nike.  They are difficult to find in Nylon or Suede.  If you find them they are worth every penny", "These are the only shoes that fit my feet. If you are me, then you need buy no other shoe ever. If you are not me and need an extremely comfortable shoe for narrowish feet, you may want to give them a try. They are lightweight, durable, good for walking or jogging (not so good for hiking on slippery rocks, but who needs magic?) and very reasonably priced (but if they are made by slave children in Sri Lanka, please don't tell me...). When I go jogging at night sometimes they're all I wear!", "This is an excellent shoe. It fits very well and is very durable. They was also very easy to clean. My husband loves these sneakers. Great and durable quality", "LOVE the colour combination of these shoes. They are SUPER comfortable and pretty lightweight too. This is my second pair of LunarFly+ 2's and i get many compliments on both these and my other pair.Fit is true to size - i like how they look on my feet (don't make me feel like i'm wearing clod-hoppers) and would recommend them to friends.", "Like it very much, nice color, fits perfectly but a little bit slippery in the rain.I recommend nike very much.", "These sneakers are so comfortable.  I have problems with my back and they do help take some of the pressure off my spine.  This is the second pair of Shox  I have purchased and I am sure not the last.", "Due to health, I walk two hours daily.  I have tried and discarded so many brands and styles of shoes in the last few months it is crazy.  I would try them on at the store, walk around, think I had the perfect shoe, get home with them and try walking on my treadmill, or the streets where I live, and there would always be something I wound up hating about them.  That has not been the case with these shoes.  I have had them for about a month now, and I wear them every day.  I have walked many miles in them, and so far no problems.  I always buy running shoes for walking.  I find you get much better padding, and overall design.  These shoes have a wide and high toe box which is seamless.  They are not only wide and tall in the toe, they are also long.  This means no rubbing my toes at any point, and no blisters.  They cup my heel nicely for a really good fit, and hit all points of my feet in just the right places.  At the end of two hours of pretty intense walking, the only part of me that is not tired is my feet.  Happy to say for under $100, I have found really good shoes for running/walking that suit my feet.  My great toes are dominant, so the toe box is always of importance to me.  These are the most comfortable, well fitting shoes I have ever walked in.  They also support my high arches quite well.  I would purchase these again, and recommend them to others.", "These are very comfortable and are exactly why I was looking for. Love them!  I walk every night and they are like heaven for my feet.  Very good support and cushiony.", "Took awhile for my son to adjust to the stiffness, but loves them now.  The look great and were a good price", "I'm a woman, shoe size 8.5, 117 lbs. Beware of these socks. I bought the medium size (8-10) and they are very tight on the ankles. It's been 24 hrs and the circle marks from the socks are still there. This is a serious problem since you want your circulation to be excellent while running.", "It's hard to find S-S size for Legend style. Size is perfect on me 5'5'', not extremely short, but not as high as the &#34;Regular&#34;. The price seems a little bit higher but worthy due to the scarcity of this S-S size.  It's just the color, I wish they would have BLACK color, which will be classical for casual occasions too.", "I personally bought it for running, but they are not good shoes for running. Very comfortable for training or gym but not for what I bought it.", "Well I hope when I get these that I like them at least they are supposed to be the right size, unlike the other one's that I'm gonna return tommow & the wrong one's was really the color that I wanted but the only thing they had in my size was blue/white!!! Just hope they go with alot of diffrent clothes??", "These shoes are everything I knew they would be, always getting compliments, and questioned how much I paid for them...Love Them!!!", "Best Shoe ever, there is nothing bad i can say about it other than heat (near to fire, stoves or anything similar) and Cortez, bad.", "casi toda la zuela exterior abierta de la tenis izquierda  vivo  costa rica y  sale muy caro devolver.........  compra muy mala deber&iacute;an revisar bien los productos que env&iacute;an.................", "I was excited to purchase this item for my father as a father's day gift. The item shipped and arrived fast and in great condition. The ony issue I came accros is that the item runs small. PLEASE consider getting a bigger size when purchasing this item. Although they fit tight my father thought about keeping them anyways of how much he liked them. I have ordered a bigger size than what he usually wheres and he loves them!", "I have always been a big Nike boots fan and these are very comfortable as the others I have bought in the past.. like the style lightweight feels like I'm walking on air not heavy at all", "I bought these last year, originally they were stylish casual boots, they fit great, they are warm and durable. They started to break down after about 8 months of daily use. I'm going on a year and they are used as work boots. They are beat to hell but I love them. Can't beat the price either. I'm hopin to get another pair soon.", "had these for a while now. They shine up averagely but feel great. Everyone always comments how the are &#34;Nike's&#34;. They remind me of my army days but more awesome.  Will get a second pair for sure.", "great boot...nice solid black color....great for working environment....i am on my feet most of the day....very comfortable...pretty good for snow days...not recommended for deep puddles but overall good coverage and durability...also looks heavy but very light on your feet...highly recommended!", "I've been wearing Nike shoes and boots for over 30 years, and they never Disappointe, fast shipping and exactly what I expected real comfortable, Thanks Amazon and your Partners", "Item arrived on time. The shoes look and feel great on my son. These shoes were hard to find in the store and I am grateful that Amazon had them for sale. Great boots for fall and winter goes well with my son's school uniform.", "I really love these boots, this was an incredible buy and the boots fits nicely and looks great on my feet.", "These Nike Mens Boots are well made and well crafted; I ordered myself a sz 10.5 and I admit that they do fit somewhat snug. But after a little &#34;breaking them in&#34;, they're just fine and ready for wear and work. Plus I didn't have to pay $100 or more for these, I got these boots for under $80. The soles of the boot have sturdy rubber bottoms while providing support for my feet and the leather for the boots themselves is of great quality.", "This is one of the most comfortable shoes i ever worn. Sometimes it's as if you are wearing running shoes. Would definitely recommend it.", "Boots are light weight and comfortable. Was thinking about buying the Nike ACG Goadome boots but these are a lot lighter. Especially if your job requires long hours of walking or standing stationary.", "I got them for my boyfriend and he's using them everywhere.. very comfortable.. shipping was fast.. over all very satisfied. I would def. Buy again", "I love these boots!  They fit well and have held up to daily wear at work.  I am a female but purchased these boots because they were a better value than the women's and I was having a hard time finding women's boots that would hold up the way I needed them to (and in the style I wanted).After being diagnosed with CRPS in my left ankle I thought my career in law enforcement would be OVER.  These boots have saved my career and have supported my ankle enough so that on most days my ankle does not hurt even after a long shift.  The support is EXCELLENT.  My largest gripe with the boots is that I wish they had a side zipper because sometimes getting them on and off can be quite difficult.  I did not deduct a star for that because I knew they didn't have a zipper when I purchased them.  These boots are so comfortable I wear them even when I'm not working some days, especially if I know I'll be doing a lot of standing or walking.", "i am a event producer and sometimes spend 16-20 hours on my feet.  we produce aspen fashion week on an ice rink - outside - in march temps in aspen co - the only part of me that wasnt frozen this year was my feet.", "bought these boots for my husband he loves them, they're a little light but its ok they get the job done", "These are my first Nike boots. I always wear Timbs. I will continue to wear timbs but these boots are great contenders and are a great additional to the wardrobe not to mention their comfortable and are exact size to my foot size. I did not have to buy a half size smaller as I do with timberland boots. I've worn these on a hot day and in the snow and their quality both ways. Awesome boots!", "Just got my boots one day earlier then expected. They fit so perfect its so hard to find a size 13 that doesn't look like boats on your feet but still have lots of room. THESE ARE IT!! I luv the way nike cut these boots it fits nice and tight around the ankles with lots of padding you don't even have to lace them up that tight, I don't lace mines at all, very comfortable boots. I HATE HAVING BIG SIZE 13 FEET but these look very small on the outside but roomy on the inside HIGHLY RECOMMENDED. THANKS SOLE PLACE I WILL BE BACK FOR MY NEXT PURCHASE SOON.", "Comfortable however should have ordered a size up. I'll purchase yet again in the future, Nike run small!! So order up one size!!", "Finally some boots that are big enough for my husband and they aren't hideous! My husband said that it's very comfortable too.", "I like the boots but you can't wear thick socks! They fit tight but eventually they will give after wear and walking around!", "These were perfect for work. light weight and water resistant. look very nice too. The last pair i had were the af1 military mids. these are just as nice", "I got them for work and I'm using them everywhere.. very comfortable.. shipping was fast.. over all very satisfied. I would def. Buy again", "Best ACG Boot made by far! Comfortable and lighter than the GeoTec ACGs. Plus you get a little more ventilation.  My 3rd Pair and counting.", "Like running and walking on drug store cotton !!! Love them, will purchase them again. Size 13 fit's good.Because of the mesh top,better summer time ,spring ,fall time out door runing ,walking shoe.", "These turned out to be really comfortable shoes. Great for working on concrete all day and they let your feet breathe.", "Great Shoe will buy again and again. This is a must have shoe. This review should not be this hard to do. Learn from my mistakes I will!!", "Shoes arrived on time just as it listed I'm very pleased with the shoes color is great the only thing  is they fit a bit tight even though i loosen up all the shoe lase still didn't seem to budge mayme these  shoes arnt ment for wide feet but eather way I'm keeping them to wear around the house to see if I can break them in.I will update this review in near future to see how they turn out. 5 stars for style 6/4/2014", "The first time I wore these and went on a short walk with them, I literally got a blister on the back of my ankle where the back of the shoe pokes up a bit. Couldn't run with them, and couldn't walk in them unless I had socks that were high enough to cover that part of the ankle. I think I may have finally broken them in enough to run in them, but can still feel it slowly aggravating that area. Very annoying, although I had another version of this shoe before and never had the problem. May have just been this pair, but not gonna risk me money on it again.", "The purchase was all that I wanted !!! The shoes has an high quality and It was very cheap to be Original Nike, I think that was an excellent purchase. Thanks so much 100% recomended", "This is my second pair of this style.  The first pair are so comfortable even when standing for 8 hours at a time.  I purchased this second pair when I found out it was discontinued.  The fit on the Nike in general is a little more narrow which reduces the bunching effect i have with other models.Would definitely recommend if you can find.", "I bought these for my son and he loves them. They never show dirt and are very durable. They go with everything.", "he loves them, very light weight, fits his extremely narrow heel. wish they came in more sedate colors for daily wear.", "These are my husband's absolute favorite shoe! He is on his feet all day and will only wear these shoes!", "This was an early birthday gift for my daughter and she showed them off in school the next day. She says they're very comfortable.", "This is a tough shoe, but for reasons I cannot seem to figure out, it really hurts my Achilles Tendon. Maybe the the height of the heel is too high? But I've had others with equally high heels that don't hurt. Maybe it is the lay of the sole? Whatever, I had to quit wearing them. After a couple of weeks, my pain was gone and I tired again. Pain came right back. So it is the shoe, but I just don't know why.", "Love the Nike Air Max Ultra.  I have a few other pairs and these fit the same way and have the same comfort.", "Runs a little big.  Perfect toddler shoe- goes with almost everything, great on slides. Outgrew first pair, this is replacement!", "If u can get babies feet into this no shoe string to tie up shoe.  It fit would great!  The false shoe strings are misleading.  This could have been a great item and the price was GOOD.  The look was GOOD!  Thumbs down on the false shoe laces (sad face)", "They fit perfect,feel good and look great. I needed a shoe for the gym that could match all of my workout clothes. it was tough at first, Once I found these I knew they would be perfect. I wear a womens 9 but can fit a kids 7. Four  different women stopped me at the gym to ask me where I purchased my sneakers.", "These shoes fit great! The price was perfect! I couldn't believe I found my size, my feet are rather small!", "This is hands down my best flip flop. I own one for the past year and I wear it a lot during the summer. Very soft and comfortable. Definitely recommend.", "I purchased these as my shower sandals for the gym and so far they've been great. They're comfy and fit nicely in my gym bag.", "Really nice... at first i thought it would fit me right. it was going to be to big! but it didn't great price, great product and costumer satisfied.", "I'm not a flip-flop wearer...but I got these as a back-up pair of shower shoes...but they are sooooo.....comfortable, that I've been converted.  If you are looking for a nice pair to hit the beach with or around the house...hands-down these are almost perfect.Nike did it with these...extremely comfortable.", "Bought these for my fianc&eacute; because we travel often and he needed a good comfortable beach sandal. He likes the feel of the sole and says they are very comfortable", "Overall, they're terrible sandals. At first, they're very cushy, and the style is great. However, I've been wearing mine for less than 2-3 months, and they're painful!The reason for it is that the soft padding material wears down quickly, and your feet sinks into the sandals. Then, the two thongs that sits right below your feet begin to really stick into your feet, so you'll have SERIOUS pressure points!!! They should have move the tongs outside of the sandals in order to prevent this.I think I have two bruises on each foot from walking around with them so much. All in all, the two pressure points really stick into your feet after breaking them in. Don't waste your money on them. My old cheap knock-off Croc sandals were so much better.Cheers.", "This Nike product wasn't as good as previous Nike sandals I bought for my husband. He said these were thin, kind of flimsy.", "These shoes ended up being just what my son needed.  He was having issues with ankle support with other shoes and these are working out great.", "ok so it is starting to wear but my son has been wearing this shoe every single day since the christmas before last.  bought it a little large and my 8 year old is not gentle on shoes.  Great for the little over-pronator.", "Love the shoe and the style... have received a lot of compliments about them.  My only problem is the width of the show is a little small which causes some discomfort after a while.  I'm hoping they stretch out.", "I teach group fitness and am very well-versed in sports bras.  This bra is well made, durable, and provides great support.", "This is sooo good! Feels so great on, so is that you don't feel it on your body. Gives you completely freedom, and so confy. Take my word for it, I practice Tennis, so you can imagine how important it is for me not to feel restrain or uncomfortable in any way.", "My daughter LOVES these for high school.  Apparently, this is the footwear of chioce with their tennis shoes or sandles.", "They are dri-fit which is nice, but they seem cheaply made.  The material balls up a bit after a few wearings.", "There isn't anything to complain about when buying Nike products. the socks are well made. No fading after washing and very comfortable.", "I bought these socks for my son. They are all he wears. Fit great and wash very nicely. I recommend!", "These socks were extremely comfortable, fit well, but were extremely thin.  If you plan on wearing these for basketball, soccer, football, etc. you may want a thicker sock or you'll suffer blisters.", "My husband loves these! Keeps his feet dry and they don't fade as much after each wash, they're still black :)", "Very nice and comfortable socks, cozy, looks perfect , i like it very much, Great quality and color. Thanks a lot!", "Well done packaging, exactly what I ordered, quick delivery. I got these for my boyfriend for Christmas because a few of his old ones were getting holes. He was very happy.", "Thumbs up worth it. Really good for sports or anything athletic. I use them for running or even work. I work retail, alot of walking and standing", "These socks are at a really good price for having 6 socks, Nike, and retain sweat really well.Feels really comfortable and it came within 2 days when shipped. Very glad I got these socks.", "The title says it all. Fits perfectly. I work outdoors and keeps my feet dry all day. I would definitely recommend it.", "I'm accustomed to purchasing a medium size for almost every clothing item I buy. I bought these medium-sized socks without hesitation. I learned on delivery that medium socks in this cut are way too small for my 10.5 feet. These rolled down and under my heels within minutes of putting them on and wearing shoes. When not wearing shoes around the apartment, they're fine for coverage.Nike's own website doesn't make it immediately clear what &#34;Medium&#34; means as a size for socks. Some products list equivalent shoe sizes, some don't. So, for you, future shopper, know that Medium Nike socks are meant for men with shoes size 6-8, women 6-10.", "great sock, breathes well, very comfortable.  nike is well known company so durability is not an issue.  True to size.  low cut but does not slip off foot.", "These socks fit well and are very comfortable.  I like to wear them around the house without shoes rather than going barefoot.  They are a good value for the price.  (Review written by Bun's husband)", "I would recomment this product to any guy looking for a nice workout sock! They get the job done and they fill great!", "A good sneaker for the price.  I run every day and the sneaker is holding up well. Definately would buy again. Fit was right too.", "Ordered these for my son and he says they are very comfortable and wearing them every day.  gotta love Nike.", "received as advertised, came in within a weeks time.great built, one of the lightest shoes I have ever worn! I recommend!", "Zapatos muy comodos y buen dise&ntilde;o ademas de la buena calidad del mismo iguales a los de la imagen que se muestra", "Excellent for running", "Excelente, el calzado llego con las especificaci&oacute;n mostradas por el vendedor. Son super c&oacute;modos y livianos. Recomiendo 100%  este articulo para las personas que inicien programas de acondicionamiento f&iacute;sico o uso diario.", "Bought for my son because he wears a size 14 and hard to find unless order online. This is his third pair of Nike shoes of this type and he loves them! They fit well, they hold up and last long - this is including the cushion insole. Great shoe! We will continue to buy these or other similar Nike shoes for him.", "They are extremely comfortable and well worth the price. Took a long time , about a week and a half. I brought them to run in but they are too cute so I m looking for another pair", "I bought these shoes for running the track at the gym in September. Now it is March and the sides where my pinky toes has huge holes in it. I got to the gym maybe 3 times a week and I work about 6 hours day. They are to expensive to fall apart so soon. I am very disappointed in Nike.", "Excellent shoes, very comfortable. Muy buenos zapatos, muy c&oacute;modos y de excelente apariencia. Sin ning&uacute;n problema con el vendedor, llego en el tiempo establecido y tal cual como en la foto.", "Yes.....these ARE a great balance of excellent form & function. As they are super comfortable, look great & fit for me is perfect. Seriously, i ran into these locally & they fit so good i bought two pair on the spot. It was barely 10 seconds after i put them on that i was sold. i love the new style of tread, the Waffle outsole...with the individual square shock absorbing nodules as this configuration seems to offer a higher degree of input reactivity from the shoe.It was the look of the shoe that caught my eye at 1st....then i tried them on & Bam!.....they had me hook line & sinker....at that point it was a \"no thinker\" ....looks, comfort & price....all factors in the equation added up to a big oh yeah !!But even if i had paid full retail.....i would be happy as these instantly earned a place among my all time favorite shoes.", "As a novice C25K trainee, I read shoes are obviously an important choice when selecting running shoes. I tried on several pairs of running shoes with the Dual Fusion as one of my choices. I kept going back to the Nikes for the fit and comfort.As I could not really break into a run at the store I trusted my first insticts and went with the Nikes. I immediately noticed a difference as I wore them for my training. I felt no slippage in the foot and a cushioned feeling as my feet struck the pavement. Again being a novice I was not sure what to expect but I personally think this is what should be felt while running. If I can concetrate on breathing and pace and not worry about my feet, this would allow me to advance in my training and get me closer to my goal of running my first 5K. To all novice runners, I highly recommend this shoe.", "I work as a CMT. I am on my feet all day long. I also do massage work on the side for a major BCS school and had to buy a pair of Nikes that were in that school's colours. The shoes are very light and breathable which is good because I live in the South. They provide the right amount of cushioning for my feet. The shoes are very versitle. Not long ago I was in Colorado visiting some very good friends. They took me snow shoeing one day in Rocky Mountain National Park. I had no other shoes to wear but the Dual Fusion. They were good for most of the 4 mile hike. My toes were getting a bit numb. I wished Nike would have thought to add some additional insulation in the fron for people who might snow shoe in them. I was out on the trail longer than expect because on of our party went ahead and we thought we lost her. Luckily she knew her way back to the car and I didn't have to be outside in the frigid temps too much longer. The next day we went snow tubing in Winter Park. The Dual Fusions were great. Lots of traction thought they were a bit too vented for going down the &#34;expert hill&#34;. I expect to buy another pair in the near future. Good job Nike on making an excellent shoe. Consider a thermal sleeve for snow shoeing and snow tubing.", "I looked for running shoes for over 6 months before purchasing these. I love them so I bought 2 pairs. I have wide feet and can't usually wear the Nike's but these fit nice. They were true to the usual size that I wear. I put inserts in them because I have a high arch and needed more support for running. I've had the shoes 2 months so far and they are even more comfortable now. I gave them 4 stars as they cost more than I usually spend.", "the shoes arrived in 2 day where other places i ordered from with a similar product took 5 days or more. the item was in stock and it matched what i saw online.", "I reveived it the product and I was happy with all that intelled... The shoes were  sent to Usps and it was well package. My Nike feel amazing especially as I work as a nurse, they feel great. I will shop with them again...", "I used to run a lot back in high school and recently decided I would pick it back up and start training for a marathon. I received a shoe fit analysis and discovered I should be wearing neutral shoes, which was a surprise to me. The first shoe I picked up to try was the Nike Air Pegasus 28. I have never liked Nikes in the past, but I was open to change.For me, these are the best fitting shoes I've ever worn right out of the box. It is important to note that I am a neutral runner with flat arches and narrow feet. If you have wide feet, this probably will not be the most comfortable shoe for you. In addition to the very nice midsole, the shoe is constructed very light and shows good craftsmanship (which one should expect from Nike). I have now put several miles on the shoes and they have been amazing. Absolutely no break in required as they have felt great from day one.", "I have a wide foot, these come in 10.5 4E, so I bought them.  I am a sort of new runner (2 years), with only using Mizuno Wave Riders before.I live in Atlanta, so its really hot.  I sweat a lot.  I had never had a problem with any Mizuno's before, but these seem to get wet, really wet, then are slushy during the end of my run and take 2 days to dry out.  I'm running a marathon this fall, so I've been training hard, if my run is over 6-7 miles the run gets uncomfortable and I cannot use them the next day.  So now I have to buy a second pair (going back to Wave Riders).For short runs, they have a lot of cushioning (which is what stays wet...) so they feel good, but I don't recommend for longer runs.  I'll rotate these in for shorter runs during the next few months.  Maybe when winter hits I can wear them more.", "This is my fifth pair of structure running shoes. They are great for my stride as I over pronate. They have the interior support from the extra cushioning that I need na dI can get a few hundred miles out of them over more than 6 months.", "For some reason beyond my grasp, Nike has apparently made all of their newer shoes narrower than their earlier versions.  This makes it difficult for previous Nike fans to order a newer shoe in an appropriate size.  A slightly wider shoe (2E instead of D)-(from another seller, since I didn't see a wider version on Amazon) fit perfectly and was very comfortable.  Long time Nike fans would probably be better served by ordering a slightly wider shoe than they previously liked when they order a newer model.  Incidentally, although \"free returns\" were advertised when I ordered, the actual provider tried to impose a substantial RESTOCK (RIPOFF) fee for my return, in addition to requiring me to pay the postage for the return.", "I ordered Nike Shox in grey/white/black/yellow. Not only did they not send me what I ordered but the colors that they sent me were the ugliest that I could imagine. If the shoes weren't so ugly, I would probably have kept them so I didn't have to pay for return shipping but what they sent me are just atrocious. I order running shoes online for price and convenience. Not getting what you ordered is extremely inconvenient and paying to ship something cross-country TWICE is a waste of money.", "My son loves the style and fit of these shoes. He is now looking for different colors. I think that all the shox sneakers are very stylish. He is very picky about his sneakers, so I was pleased when he told me that he liked them.", "I cannot find these anywhere and they are the only shoes I wear while waitressing.  My feet have many issues and this shoe is the only that is most comfortable.", "These shoes are amazing! They are so light weight that you hardly know you have them on. On top of that they are so cute. They come in a wide variety of colors too.", "WOW! These shoes are absolutely perfect!We have ordered them without having the opportunity to see them in real life beforehand yet we are very satisfied.", "How can I order a shoe that does not list the shoe size, send it to me free if it fits I will pay.", "excelente producto", "These shoes are them most comfortable and supportive I've owned.  I do a lot of high impact kick box cardio classes and these shoes are perfect for me.", "no box made me mad but my shoes are as i expected i have another pretty color in these i barely wear them they fit to a tee very comfy i already knew lol i paid 70 for my others and 125.00 i thnk for these which rose  a red flag i run six-seven miles non stop three times a week i get an amazing run out of these and im 40 they are cool old model and was over priced though my others same shoe from finish line was 70.00", "Love them, Package came before estimated delivery time and good condition. I must say that these sneakers are comfortable, the material is great ,great price, and they are beautiful.", "Love them!  Nice wide forefoot area, plenty of cushioning and a built in water resistant barrier.  I returned some Asics GEL-Attack 7 Running shoe and Adidas Thrashers because the forefoot area was too small.  These are just overall a better fit for my wider foot.  It you need a narrow shoe you're going to be floating around a bit.  I just wish I'd have bought three pair when they were on sale for $69.", "I've been surprised about these tennis shoes. They are better than I expected. It has a good grip even on wet outdoor tracks or mud. It's cushion is very good and confortable, and protects from some sharp stones you could step over. I will probably buy another one when I need.", "i choose this rating because job well done..excellent! my expectation reach!i will tell to all my friends and colleagues and family...", "Love these shoes they are exactly what I expected when I made the purchase! Was so happy when they were delivered! Thanks so much! = )", "It is a nice snicker in a color hard to find at stores, the new season of shoes came out with a different shade of color.", "I get a ton of compliments on these awesome shoes. I love them with jeans or for taking a walk. They are comfortable!!", "I wear an 8.5. They fit length wise, but are far too narrow. So narrow that my feet go numb after I wear them for more than an hour. Waste of money, and definitely a shame because I love the look of them.", "Bought these after daughter had knee surgery so she would have comfortable shoes to wear to school and physical therapist recommended them... Great seller... They were perfect and she loved the look too. True to size fit.", "I love these shoes, they go with everything and are super comfy! The only thing is that they are leather so my feet get hot, but I love them and constantly get complements on them.  :)", "I've worn Nike Air Pegasus for years and love these shoes.  I would recommend them to anyone for running or everyday use.", "These are the best workout shoes I've ever owned. I've had knee and joint issues, so regular exercise is imperative.  I walk/jog on the treadmill six days a week.  These shoes have made all the difference in my endurance and ability to maintain consistency in my workout routine.  They are costly, but worth every penny!", "Love the shoe! Fit nice, and comfortable! I was bummed when I had to send them back because one of the black Nike signs was missing.", "This was a great gift.My daughter said they were very comfortable and loves wearing them. I will purchase shoes on Amazon again.", "I like the shoe a lot...There light and flexible,but they run a little small...I wear a 8.5 normally,But can't comfortably wear them with socks...So I would recommend to order a size up for that purposeBut overall I love the shoe", "My second pair of Free Run+ shoes and I love them.  I wore them once for 4 miles and then the next time for 11, they are perfect to run in right out of the box.  Last time I bought men's because I liked the colors better.  These make me feel like a Smurf, but they are so comfy I don't care.", "That's what happens whenever I touch any metal on my treadmill when wearing these shoes!  An electrical  zap that appears to be caused by the shoes!  No zap with any of my other running shoes. Weird, but true.  Have to save these cool looking cherry shoes for non-treadmill activities.", "I'm in love with these sneakers, are pretty comfy and they look amazing with an informal wardrobe.Estoy enamorado de estas zapatillas de deporte, son bastante c&oacute;modas y se ven incre&iacute;bles con un vestuario informal.", "I bought these for my nephew, a skateboarder, because I read good things about them.  But one the 1st day there was a rip in the shoes and the laces broke within days.", "I wear them at work everyday and i am standing so the comfort is important, i bought the same style shoes in a different color", "I paid 119.95 for the Nike Air Max shoes.  Six weeks after purchasing the shoes-which I wore maybe twice a week- the right sole went flat.  I contacted seller to exchange shoes or for a refund and was denied because it was 14 days past the 30 return policy.  I have an defective pair of shoes that cost a ridiculous amount. Not a happy customer and will not recommend the shoe or seller.", "Love, LOVE, LOVE!!! These shoes!Super Lightweight, grippy soles, breathable, good arch support and very comfortable.Love the color too. I would buy these again.", "I work out fairly regularly (4-5 times a week) and these shoes are super comfortable and true to size.  They withstand any type of workout I'm doing.  I'm going to purchase another pair, because I've had them for a year and am just starting to feel like it's time for another pair.", "Love these shoes! When I first put them on I literally said \"WOW\"... there so comfy! They have amazing arch support which by now you may know I like (from my other reviews). Plus it feels so soft almost like your running on those soft tracks inside or around the football field. Not only that, I fell in love with the toe space. For once there more then enough room for my toes and it's not like I have big toes or anything. I always feel there's not enough room in the shoes for my toes. It's great to run for long distances and not feel like your toes are pressed together. Love love love them.", "I love these shoes. I am not a runner, but I wear them everyday to work as a preschool teacher where I am on my feet all day. They are cute and comfortable! I also wear them to do Zumba and use the elliptical machine and bikes at the YMCA at least 3x a week. I absolutely love these shoes; I only wish Amazon would have had them in purple.", "I ordered these shoes for my daughter for christmas.  I got a good price and good service.  They fit true to size and they looked even better than they had on line.", "I must admit this transaction was hassle-free. I received a notification on a Monday that it was shipped, and I was so surprised to receive the package the next day. However, I must admit I think the quality of the pair I received was questionable. Being that this is a vivid pink/grape pair of running shoes, the left shoe is more faded than the right. This must have been a floor model shoe or the faded shoe was left out of the box for a bit. I am just a little disappointed.I am not returning this order because my size is no longer available anywhere. Just a tad crushed, is all, hopefully it will even out somehow. But not 100% satisfied for sure.", "I bought this for my son who was very pleased with it. Was a bit skeptical because we never purchased shoes online,  but this turned out great.The Packaging was very good and delivery exactly as advised.  I am now being pestered to buy the grey in this same style for him (lol )will be purchasing soon from this source again.", "these are my favorite shoes they fit perfectly and shipped very fast and are great shoes overall and worth the money.", "I purchased these shoes for running with my dog in agility. Wanted a good shoe, but didn't have to be ad great as the $150 Nike shoes I run in. The Air Citius is a good fit for this - especially for the $50 I paid on Amazon! Very cushiony and light - a great overall neutral shoe that was comfortsble right out of the box!", "I am still trying to break them in.  They are a bit stiff. Hopefully they will loosen up more.  Nice looking and I hope they will keep the moisture out.", "What a horribly made piece of footwear.  Although it may be waterproof and looks dope, the material feels of cheap plastic instead of well-made fabric & rubber.  The material is stiff as heck and feels like a ceramic shoe on your foot.  (note the other review regarding \"breaking them in\"... spot on).  I lost return-postage but I'm glad the vendor allowed me to return these.", "My son really like these boots and they are very hard to find in stock at many store. I was so glad to have found them at Amazon. would recommend.", "order at least a full size larger when ordering these, break in period is a little rough as well but once broke in they aren't bad, seem to be warm as well.", "I was looking for a \"boot\" that I could wear all the time. I also didn't want the responsibility and the price point of a leather shoe. This one is designed as waterproof, not something that was a high priority for me. I'm not hiking dew laden trails in the early morning. I was concerned about the waterproof causing the boot to be hot. That is not the case. I have been wearing the boots at end of summer in N. CA; it's still hot here... and my feet did not get uncomfortably hot.I liked the look of the boot. The shoe looks exactly as it was shown in the photos. The top of the upper reminds me of canvas. The lower portion of the upper is just regular rubber/plastic. Not sure about the materials used but they look good/solid and that they will last. The sole is not like a boot at all in fact wearing this shoe reminds me of wearing a sneaker. The sort of feel I was looking for.This shoe is reminiscent of the \"duck shoe\" which I have also always liked but never owned. What I have not liked about the duck shoes I have seen in the past is that the front of the shoe seems too wide. I didn't like the way the shoe made my foot look... wide. That is not the case with these shoes.As is usually the case with Nike I think that maybe I should have gotten a size larger. For some reason Nike products run a little small for me. The shoe is very comfortable, more like wearing a sneaker than a boot... Like I said earlier. By the end of the day though my toes get a little sore thus the larger size recommendation.I was able to get my foot in the boot pretty easily and lace up was easy. The laces do seem to slide around more easily than I would like but I'm thinking that will lessen with use/wear. Good arch support which was very important to me.Overall a great shoe. I was able to get them at a decent price. A \"Boot\" with sneaker sensibilities. I would recommend these to anyone.", "my son loves these if your son likes all black get them for himm!!!!! hopefully you find this usefulthanks", "I usually wear size 9, but this size 9 is from another planet size - too small.  I guess you have to go to a store to buy shoes because you can try them on.", "thank you so much and my boy enjoy the sneakers.he really takes care of it and appreciate it so much.", "the rating is not enough for this item they are comfortable beautiful simple the best ,they are named all court and i say any time for using", "This is a very well made sneaker with strong velcro straps that are hard to find these days.  The shoe is extremely comfortable for walking and jogging.I will definitely buy another pair when needed.  Very true to size.", "They're nice shoes but too expensive.  There are Adidas and Under Armour shoes for 25% less. Look for better price.  PLEASE!!!", "I wear a size 11 in every shoe, except this shoe. I wear a 11.5. Other than that its a great shoe for a good price.", "In the photos, it looks nice but in person these Sneakers are lovely, comfortable and just feel amazingly light and strong, good sneakers.", "These are excellent workboots. They are very comfy, not heavy and not too high. I wear them for hours on end and barely feel them on my feet. I like that the lace hooks are actual rounded hooks and not those little clips. My laces always get stuck on those little wraparound clips. The outer rim of the boot is a hard material which did get 1 scratch on it. It's slightly annoying but not enough to make me fall out of love with these boots. They tend to smell after I wear them for a whole shift so I tuck a dryer sheet in each shoe, overnight. This is the first pair of Nike boots that I've purchased (I'm a Timberland girl)and I won't hesitate to buy Nike boots again.", "I only use nike tenis but this one is not that good. Not that beautifull as in the photo and hurts my feet. It arrived by the time they said.", "They are quite comfortable shoes, they adapted perfectly to the foot, are lightweight and compact, the combination of colors black-red - white makes them quite striking.", "I like these sneakers so much that I initially bought a pair for myself, then I bought a pair for my brother and another just to keep because i have a feeling that I would have a hard time finding then again in the future for this price.", "I bought these shoes for myself after finding them on this site $20 cheaper than in the stores.  The shoe is cut narrow, so it took some time to break them in, but I love them.", "Shoes came in awesome condition! They look great, fit great, and are just plain sweet! I would recommend these shoes to anyone who wants to look good and feel good while doing it.", "When ordering shoes, they are a size too big. Gave them to my sister. Didn't want to go to the trouble of sending them back.", "These shoes are great! The thing that I like the most about the shoes is the solar red, it really pops!", "Shoes are ok. Nothing awesome. They do have this really annoying plastic on the bottom that makes a clicking noise every time I take a step.", "I run twice per/day as part of my heart condition therapy. A friend of me, long distance runner, recommended these running shoes in order to preserve my knees from pain or weakness. Indeed I run my 2 miles with no hurt at all.", "Had these for a while, still fresh. Personally i dont want you to buy them but if you wanna show out for something then you should buy them quick. They're too exclusive.", "Very nice shoes, great design and it feels great for jogging.  The shoes look resistant, good material and very fashinable for people like me that has been using Nike all my life.", "These are the best running shoes ever! I'm very glad I bought them and would highly recommend them to anyone.", "This rehashed Nike 95 is not the original design.  The air soles in my pair deflated rather quickly, something to do with lower PSI in the air pocket distribution.  The shoes gave me about 60 miles of road running before I noticed a severe amount of squishiness in all areas of the air soles.  It actually took about 30 miles of breaking in the shoes before they were comfortable. The shoes are extremely heavy, well over 14 ounces for my size 9. The traction on the shoes is also a bit overrated; I thought the shoes had minimal traction. I must conclude, based on reviews on other sites, that this model is really not built for running. I would never buy another pair.", "Im sure the shoes were fine.Unfortunately solar red is actually pink more than red.I suggest you know color palate before ordering.", "I'm happy with the shoes and did take the recommendation of other reviews to go a 1/2 size up.  I've been a Nike 9.5 for 20+ years and I'm now comfortably wearing a 10 with this shoe.  I've ran about 25 miles on them so far and they broke in pretty easy.  The only draw back for some would be that they are not as light as many shoes in the $125+ range.  For me, I'm not running marathons so having a heavier shoe provides a better work out and they are robustly built to last.", "my bf love this shoe. it came on time. the only thing is that he has 2nd thoughts if the shoe is an original airmax.", "Why does Nike make it so hard to find these shoes?  The Shox brand by far is one of the best product lines they have ever made.  Keep in mind if you are not used to Nike shoes, they run narrow near the front of the shoe.  Order a size bigger.", "We were looking for a New England winter shoe/boot.  These are not it, just an overated sneaker.  We returned them.", "Got this for the hubby who works in law enforcement and needed good, durable boots...He loved them and ordered another pair.", "I Got exactly what i wanted! They sent it out right away and received it promptly. So far, so good. Thats what i call great service.", "comfortable, unique, just plain groovy....when are the new editions coming, id buy those too, just typing extra words cause they seem to think 5 arent enough to express my thoughts about a shoe.", "This is a great summer boot very light and comfortable.  May need add an insole if your require a lot of support for your feet.  Overall I was very please with the boot.", "Buen Precio, Entrega Rapida y Producto de buena de Calidad, tienda muy responsable. deberian enviar catalagos en fisico de otros modelos de  shoes", "I was very please with the item I ordered. The shipping was fast!!! This was a gift for my son and he loves them", "Although I like the shoes very much, they came with a big stain around where my ankle would be, I was very disappointed because if what I paid. Buyer beware.", "fit like a sneaker but is not sturdy like a boot.  also true to size.  i would by again but was kind of bulky looking", "Always comfortable that's why this is my 4th pair of Shox NZ. These shoes is quite tough and take quite a bit of abuse.", "The best shoes i could ever buy!!..I wear them all the time, for sports, casual, informal, jeans, shorts.Definetly i will buy this model always.", "Runs Small like all of them", "Photos respected colors to perfection, very pleased with the model. The orm is a bit small in width, I estimate that the use will stretch a little.", "I bought this product for my brother and he was very pleased, it fits very well and this shoes are great", "These are a good deal for $100! They're getting harder to find, so that's why I always keep an eye out for these on sale. Especially in different colors! I'm sure if you have a pair of Nike Air Goadome, I don't have to tell you how comfortable they are. I'm a big guy, I wear these to work year 'round and they pass for casual, not too sporty looking.", "They fit properly", "I have been doing P90 X for a year now. I wanted a clean white shoe to be only used indoors. This shoe fits like a glove and the sole support is great . Wear a size 8 and I ordered a 8. I am going to buy another pair different color for out side.  I recommend. The seller and shoe!", "These have excellent support, comfortable, they get air to your feet. True to size, a great value. I would definitely recommend them.", "I have no complaints about the fit of the shoe at all. They are very comfortable for a long day standing on your feet. I use them for work mostly as I have other tennis shoes for exercise. They are bulkier than I thought they would be and that is the only reason I cannot give them five stars. I'm just not a huge fan of the way they look if I wear anything other than jeans with some flare. I thought these were exactly like my old pair which were slim and form fitting.", "Ttoo narrow in the front of the sneaker.  The seams on the inside are ruff and cut into your toes.  Feel like your feet are trapped inside hard plastic.  Not comfortable at all.  Fell like your standing on rocks.  Very disappointed !!!!", "Unas grandes tennis para hacer ejercicio o simplemente para caminar, mi esposa se encuentra sumamente satisfecha con esta compra que hicimos.", "These for bought for my mother in law.  She says that they fit very well and are very comfortable so what more can you ask.", "Although this shoe fit size-wise, the shoe itself felt like a heavy unbending board on my foot. I returned the walking shoe and  bought the Pegasus 30 (Pegasus bring my usual choice) even though I hated the color choices.", "I was looking for a shoe not only for walking but using on gym equipment as well. These are working out wonderful!  I would purchase again.", "I just did not know it was such a pointy toe.  I like a round toe for my shoes.  These are comfortable to wear I use them daily on the tred mill.", "I LOVE THEM. YOU ARE THE ONLY PLACE I COULD FIND THEM.  THEY FIT PERFECTLY.HOPE YOU CONTINUE TO CARRY THIS SHOE", "Bought for wife fits perfectly nice looking shoe stylish very comfortable have bought this shoe previously and wears very well", "I wear an 9 in womens Nike shoes. I walk 8 hours a day at my current job. I bought these for work. I had purchased mens Nike walking shoes at a local shoe store. I loved them, I loved the way they fit, they were so comfortable. Unfortunately, the shoes only came in a wide size. As a result the mens Nike walking shoes ended up blistering my heels. Because the shoes were too wide for my foot. I do have flat fat feet. Because I was so pleased with the mens walking shoes, except for the blisters that is. I decided to try a womens Nike walking shoe. I read the reviews and I had wondered if ordering my normal size was going to be an issue or not. Length wise a size 9 fit perfectly. They are too narrow in the toe box area. I loosened up the shoelaces to see if that would make a difference. It did not, I would not be able to wear these shoes comfortably for an entire 8 hour shift. I am returning these shoes. Unless you have a narrow foot, I would suggest ordering a wide size with this shoe. In my opinion ordering your normal size should fine, I'd just search for the shoe in a wide.", "they fit perfect and are comfy and rcvd in a very timely manner would recommend to others have a great day", "These shoes are very comfortable and they fit perfectly.  I was skeptical about ordering shoes on line, but I am very happy with the fit and comfort.", "So perfectly ordered, tracked and delivered!  The ordering process is informative and easy; the tracking nailed the date of delivery and delivery happened as predicted.  The shoes are new, the box clean and they fit perfectly.  I wear Nike tennis shoes every day of the year in my job and they live up to their hipe!  Perfect.  Thank you very much....", "I feel very comfortable  about this shoes. It's nice and light. I really like it and I introduced some of my friend about this shoes", "I've ordered from Shoe Station before and never had a problem with them at all. The old style I used to wear was discontinued so I bought the View III. Very happy and the size is true. This is so much easier for me to order from them as opposed to running everywhere trying to find what I want. They come in a Nike box and brand new and great condition. What I like best about Nike shoes are the arch support and structure of the shoe. They last and are comfortable, but give your foot support.", "Shoe seemed narrow and shorter than other nikes I have purchased  The top squeezed my toes together. Not very comfortable", "I love Nike becasue they always give good support and extra foot room for the toes. I recomend these shoes.", "fits ok but will order a size 9 next time, i love nike women&#34;s sneakers will buy more for sure.", "Never disappointed with Nike -- fit as expected -- wear as expected -- comfortable and last a long time and I even throw mine in the washer and wash them and they come out great.", "Walking the dog every night is made more enjoyable with a pair of good shoes.  These fit the bill.  Highly recommended for all.", "I'm very satisfied with my nike wmns , It is very light and comfortable for playing tennis. My feet look very nice in these pair of shoes", "Perfect, exactly what I was looking for. Just note that it isnt a perfect 5 star because it doesnt say how narrow the shoe actually is. Good thing mom doesnt mind the additional support.", "They are a snug fit around the toe area.  I'm hoping that they will stretch out some. Otherwise. Well made.", "I got these as indoor exercise shoes. They are very comfortable and give good support. Not the the fanciest or nicest looking shoes but they get the job done.", "Need a comfy shoe for work. These are so light and look great. One of my favorite shoes ever to own. I work on my feet all day so very important . Third pair of Nike Views!!", "THe most comfortable sports shoes I have worn and I will sure get another pair soon. You won't regret it", "Nike has always been associated with durability, look and affordability....this shoes is proof of that. Nike fan forever. Thanks Amazon.", "These are very good looking shoes. Just about the only shoe I wear is Nike. I buy mens because I also wear Medical Inserts and gel liners and they take up room.  With these I also wear 2 pairs of socks. I would not buy them again -- I need to wear running shoes that fit more secure.", "So far, so good. I have owned many brands of shoes and nike has always lasted the longest. For some strange reason I wear through shoes fairly fast. These shoes fit great and show hardly any wear so far. I also get lots of comments on these shoes.", "the shoes were advertised as great for those people who stand all day.  and they were comfy fo about a week and then all the support is gone.  still looking for a good walking shoe", "The shoes were not very wide. Had to give them away. I do not have anything else to say  .", "Very nice shoes...arrived very fast.  They can be a little tight if you have a wide foot but otherwise they are fine.", "If I remember right I ordered mens size 8.5wide walking shoes", "It's OK", "ZAPATOS MUY BONITOS Y LLAMATIVOS SENCILLOS PERO TIENEN UN ACABADO PERFECTO EXELENTE A MI ESPOSO LE ENCANTARON LIVIANOS Y COMODOS GRACIAS", "These Nike Tailwinds were a great buy.  Very cushioned and the price was very competitive.  The forefoot cushioning helps even when you're on concrete.", "Exactly what I wanted, shipping was fast and the shoes are very comfortable. You can use them as running shoes or everyday shoes. Either way, they look and feel great!", "This shoe is like walking on air. It is very comfortable and gives you a cushion type but sturdy support. My husband loves them for walking any kind of distances. They ran a little small so I recommend ordering at least a half size larger than normal.", "I love Nike Shox and these are really nice looking ones.  I have bad feet (plantar fasciatis and other problems as well) and Nike Shox are the only shoes that I have consistly had good luck with.  They have good arch support and heel cushioning and are light.  I have tried other shoes costing over $100 and have not been able to wear them without pain.  Nike Shox work for me!!", "My husband loved getting these for Christmas. They have saved his feet at work. He is on his feet for 12-14 hours 6 days a week and he hasn't said a word about them hurting when he comes home... I am so grateful.", "Needing extra cushioning nowadays, I love this shoe...which also lets my feet breathe through the mesh uppers.  Black is great for winter, but now I need to find it in white or tan for summertime!", "At the time that I purchased this shoe, I also purchased two other pairs of sneakers so have only had an opportunity to wear them two times.  Both times, they were comfortable.", "These shoes are great, if you don't move. The sole of these shoes are great. They are super supportive, and that foam is like standing on a cloud...however, when you walk all those good feelings go out the window. Right at the toe, the material of this shoe is so stiff. When you bend your foot while walking the stiff material pushes into the top of your foot and really hurts. I was left with bruises on the top of my feet! This is the only issue with these shoes. The comfort sock lining - not a good idea, or at least it wasn't executed properly. It seems to hold your foot all wrong and just make walking painful and or uncomfortable. I would NOT recommend these shoes to anyone. Nike is normally my go to shoe, but these things are terrible!", "I like the shoes especially the sole which provides a stable footing on the court.The top particularly the heel is strong and provides a full support to the ankle area. I wish the top was a bit higher up to the ankles. I hope there is another type of the same make that goes up to the ankle. I would recommnd this to anyoe who wants to be on bb court.", "I would recommend buying a size or half size smaller.  They ran big. But a good, comfortable fit and they look good on my feet.", "These fit my daughter perfectly--We ordered the size she usually wears for street shoes. GREAT shoe for the low price.", "This is a great walking shoe got the black and red ones.  Thought I'd get these to match, like the shoe.", "I saw these shoes during a Thanksgiving trip to NYC, but didn't have the space to travel with them. I checked around town, but nobody had my size (14), so I ordered from Amazon.I just got done playing my first game in them, and I am a huge fan. They fit like a glove, they are light, very responsive (love the Zoom Air personally), and solid. I am not sacrificing anything with these shoes. They give superior performance in terms of jumping as well as cutting, but they have plenty of support when I am making moves in the post.", "don't know what's going with these shoes but I've had these since they came out and every time I wear them I get shin splits about 45 minutes into the game, I'm not flat footed or out of shape. I think it cradles your heals in a way that causes it. I would pass on these shoes. unless your flat footed", "My previous \"all time favorite\" hoops shoes were the Nike Air Max Finisher (from 6-8 years ago, if I recall correctly)--great support for a \"big\" and excellent cushioning. Ultimately, though, I found them to be a bit heavier than I like and less durable than I would have hoped--I had two pair, and both died prematurely when the heel Air cell ruptured. Next I tried a pair with Air Zoom cushioning, which turned me on to that tech (doesn't matter what model--they were nothing special, otherwise).About a year ago I picked up a pair of Zoom Hyperdunk 2011s (and yes, there are apparently Air Max Hyperdunk 2011s out there, so be sure to look closely). While it wasn't my initial impression (more on that, later), now I will tell you that these are by far the best hoops shoes I've ever owned (and that lineage goes back to original Air Jordans and miscellaneous others before that, and various Nikes and Reebocks since).Here's what I like:* The lockdown on these shoes is incredible, like nothing I've previously worn. This seems to be enabled by the thin, comforming Flywire uppers; the feel is almost like wearing a (really tight) sock with a sole, rather than a shoe. I can tell I'm much more confident in my cuts with these shoes.* The ankle support is superb, right in line with the Air Max Finisher. I've never come close to an ankle injury, despite spending most of my time in the paint (meaning that landing on other feet is a way of life).* They have great cushioning, thanks to the Zoom tech and the rest of the midsole design. Note that I play with custom orthotics, so I'm not using the stock insoles. For foot/angle alignment reasons, I also use a heel cushion under the orthotics. I used this same setup with my previous pair of shoes, so I can legitimately  compare cushioning. In fact, my favorable impression of the cushioning is despite the orthotics, which are actually quite hard, with just a thin cover on top.* They feel light, almost as much so as a guard's shoe (which I've sometimes worn over the past 10-15 years). I don't feel like my feet are dragging at the end of the 4th game, as I sometimes did with the Air Max Finisher. Again, I suspect that's a function of the Flywire upper, which is much lighter/thinner than any other upper material on any shoe I've ever played in.* They breath well--I've yet to have a wet sock, even after playing 5-6 games.Things you need to know:* This is NOT a traditionally-fitting shoe! They are going to feel much tighter than anything you've ever worn, when fitted correctly--it's like having a second skin, rather than giving a feeling of being \"encased\", as with other shoes. Talking to players who have worn Hyperdunk 2010s (I haven't), this is even more pronounced in the 2011s, so be prepared for that! Despite this, the uppers are extraordinarily flexible, so I've never felt a pinch or hot spot (a traditional problem for me, as my right foot is slightly smaller than my left, making a good fit a challenge). FYI, I can say now that the sizing is spot on--at first I thought that they were too short and too narrow, but that's just a perception due to their radical design (hence the online reviews that complain about sizing).* You MUST lace these shoes up as tightly as possible! This goes against everything I ever learned about lacing tension--if I had done this with any other pair of shoes I'd worn, I would have either cut off circulation to my forefoot or even given myself blisters; firm, but not tight, lacing to allow for some flex in the uppers was required in all previous shoes. With the Hyperdunk 2011, tight lacing is how you achieve lockdown, however, with the Flywire upper providing all the flex. I also recommend wearing these shoes for 10-15 minutes before lacing up, as your foot will \"settle in\" during that time, which may make the lacing too loose for safe play if you don't relace (and you may jam your toes, too, as your foot can slide forward too much on stops/cuts). I suspect that the online reviewers that complain about \"lack of support\" don't \"get\" this lacing approach, and are lacing up too loosely.* Because of the tight fit and extreme lacing, it takes a bit of work to loosen the laces up enough to make ingress/egress easy. When I first got my Hyperdunk 2011s, I was using a shoe horn to get in (and with no little difficulty, even then). Now I know to just fully loosen the laces all the way down to the instep, and I don't have any problems. This does mean, though, that you probably wouldn't enjoy these as casual shoes--you have to do too much work if you don't need the performance that the Hyperdunk 2011 brings.* Several online reviews have complained that the brightly-colored versions (blue and green, particularly) will flake off the color after a short time. I own the solid black version, so I have no experience with this issue--my Hyperdunk 2011s still look great after nearly a year. You may wish to take this into account before making a purchase decision, however.", "This shoe is one of the best nike shoes. It fits true to size. In the past shox ran .5 small due to the \"shox\", but you can buy your size. I like all nike that have the black on top and the white on bottom. The comfort level is not like the max so don't expect it to be a shoe you will play in swiftly for hrs. If you are looking for that shoe that makes you appear taller in nylon suits. Just hopes this helps someone 'cause I got a different color from another site and they didn't have good reviews as for the size and fit.", "I had a pair of these shoes that lasted at least 10 years - I don't recall the original date of purchase. Over time, I grew to really appreciate the wider soles as they contribute significantly to stability while exercising.Eventually, the soles started separating, so I purchased a new pair of the same model of shoe, and I am delighted with my new purchase. The first time I wore the new shoes, I felt the new ones were even more comfortable than my old ones.Some will say the shoes may look like paddle feet, but if you want the best for your exercising and walking, these are the best you can buy. For us who are older, they are the ultimate in foot comfort for any use. I highly recommend them.", "I have always liked Nike shoes, and usually they fit me well; however, I ordered this pair of walkers advertised as Wide and nowhere on the shoes does it say \"wide\".  The shoe is too narrow at the instep and it did not flex sufficiently for my foot to flex.  After one day of wearing I ended up with sores on the top of my toes and muscle pain in my foot.  I would have returned the shoes, except that I ordered them for an event, so I was forced to wear them.  This shoe was less expensive than the model that I usually get and it was also lower quality.  I would not recommend this shoe.", "I received my shoes, and am happy with the fit.  I wear x-wide shoes and most stores do not sell the ones you want in that size.  Very good shoe and comfortable walking in", "dit is nothing to compare in width with other shoes , these are small and narrow for being a 2e width", "Since this is my shoe size, it even is heating on the upper side of my feet. Is a nightmare to walk with them. I already buy another.", "These were not wide shoes, it had a sticker on the box that said it was wide, but nothing on the site said it was, & when I put it on my foot, I knew it wasn't even close.", "nice clean lite shoe.  I ordered a bit too small but still not a uncomfortable shoe.  I got what i order in a fast manner .. Can not ask for more.", "I ordered a 10.5 wide, what I received was labeled 10.5 wide but this shoe is not wide. Wore them once around the house and will be sending them back.", "Been wearing Nike's since the 80's last 2 times I've tried to purchase them in my size I find that their definition of my size that the shoe measuring flat at a shoe store indicates I still am and what they actually make and label have somewhat changed over the years. Probably not ever going to even bother trying to find a pair of Nikes in my size again since they obviously are begin made by pointy-toed elves now who think 3 and a half inches = &#34;wide&#34;.Also this is flagged as Amazon Prime and &#34;FREE RETURNS&#34; yet I was forced to pay for my own shipping back to this reseller (Not Amazon!) after getting the return authorization.Not cool at all.", "These are simple tennis shoes but well made.  None of the silly fashion trends in these ...just good shoes.  Arch support could be a little stronger but otherwise perfect for what I want.....", "The shoes fit as expected,", "This pair is awesome because it is hard to find in the size I ordered! Its comfortable in every way!", "Perfect for my needs! They are comfy and have a clean look. Great for me to walk in. Sweet Shoes!", "got for my grandson he really liked them good fit also the color is just what he wanted true to size", "Very happy with the item", "These started out as work shoes more than two years ago, worked their way into my everyday comfortable shoes, a few holes later they still have many miles left in them. Just got myself a brand new pair. These are the shoes for me.", "I am on my feet a lot at work and I use this as a work shoe !  Very comfortable !", "I like these shoes. I bought these shoes a few months ago and have been very pleased.  They fit well and are very comfortable.  I do have a narrow foot.", "There's not thing terribly exciting about this shoe. It's comfortable but not the lightest shoe I've ever worn. It's a good, solid, everyday shoe that fits well and doesn't make my feet hurt by the end of the day.You won't cry out in ecstasy when wearing it, but on the other hand you probably won't really notice that you're wearing it after a while either and that's what is really important.", "I have gone through several pairs of the Nike View, starting with the original edition. I chose these because they're comfortable from the first time you try them on. They also used to hold up pretty well. When a pair of mine starts looking a bit worn, they get demoted to yard work shoes and I buy a new pair to replace them. Well, all was good until I got my first pair of the View III. Still comfortable but I immediately started having heel pain in my right foot, which turned out to be Plantar Fasciitis. I don't think it was a coincidence. The seams of the Nike III also seem to come loose quite a bit earlier than the older versions. So, after two pairs of the Nike III, I don't buy these any more.", "In my opinion of the Nike Mens View Walking Shoe simply it deserves no less than an a grade on a scale of 1 to 10 to say the least no question without a dowt because it is the best deal that I could ever hope for in comfort and compatibility most definitely without a dowt endlessly.", "The manufacturer made a great shoe, unfortunately the sizing was off, my husband normally takes a size 10 but it seems in Nike it needs to be a 1/2 size larger.  I am awaiting the credit so I can reorder a 10.5 of the same shoe.", "I wear 12-13 depending on the shoe manufacturer, I've found over the years the shoes have been running smaller and I've had to go for 13's more than I did in the past.  This is the first time I've ever gotten a size 13 that was too small.The size difference is mostly in the width, these mediums feel like size 11's the length isn't much better feeling like a somewhat snug size 12.", "I like a lot this shoes because one are very comfortable to walk and run. It is Nike! the best", "I purchased these as a Christmas gift for my son. He needeBasingerir of all black shoes for work. He has always preferred Nike, so this was a no brainer. He says they are very comfortable and he is on his feet his whole shift.", "Very comfortable and First class construction-quality. I selected the Grey,s because I thought they were the most stylish. Will be purchasing more Nike Men,s walking shoes, if and when I wear these out.", "Product deserves 3 stars after I took a look at them and thought &#34;maybe these aren't knockoff's&#34;. Qualtiy control for Nike must of fell asleep, though new in apperance, the shoe did have some glue inside of it as well as 2 places on the toe. Grantide it was miniscule but still looked ugly.The price I paid should of brought a pristine product to my door, maybe the namebrand is slipping like Levi's. At any rate the shoe is a little tighter than most I get, I found myself wondering if women have a size 13. Not enough grief here to return the item, but I was definately writing this review.....for my size I would say try something else, it would be hard to get worse IMO.", "The large plastic Nike swoosh on the outer part of shoe  is made of a cheap piece of plastic . (Looks Cheap) I'm returning mine.", "My husband has been wearing these shoes for years and loves them. We shopped locally, but couldn't find them any longer. Checked Amazon and found them at a lower price than what we usually pay. Shoe size is right on the spot and had no problems with the seller. Item shipped quickly. Very happy with the purchase.", "Having worn the same shoe size for over forty years, I was surprised to find that size ten is too small for my feet.  I don't know if this was a one time error or it is how they are produced, but I would recommend trying them on IMMEDIATELY when you get them.  Good thing Amazon is so good as to allow returns for defective products like this one.", "I like the Nike fit and it is really hard to find a plain white walking shoe. Would have prefered a white swoop, but, the gray is okay.", "Bought 3 sneakers within the same time to test a few for a long days walking around at work, this one is by far the most comfortable. Soft material, lot of cushion around the heels, and very lightweight so it will not slow you down.", "My husband wears this style shoes, only. They fit nice and are comfortable. Will recommend them anytime.Sharp running shoes.", "Happy with the purchase", "I already bought a pair of these shoes at DSW and after I wore them for almost a month I decided to buy another pair, when I went back to the store all they had left was 3 pairs and none of them fit me, I loved the way they fit and the feel of these shoes so I started looking for another pair, when I could not find them I went n line and found them at Amazon so I ordered them.", "I had to get some new turf shoes because mine started to fall apart lol. I was looking around and I found this shoes, man, Im so glad I got them, the fit perfectly, almost like a glove, they really improve you performance too, definitely a must buy even if your not on a major soccer league XD. I got them from soccer4you, a great seller, he helped me with the order because amazon showed he only had size 6.5, but he sent the right size upon request. NIKE NIKE5 BOMBA FINALE (MENS)", "they fit well and look great - semi wide fit so for jump training their great as well as running ..", "They fit as expected. I spend a lot of time on my feet at work and these shoes are light and comfortable.", "Not snug, form fitting, etc. It's tight, tighter than an off the shelf shoe. Nike's site has similar feedback on it. Didn't do my homework. The New Balance 1765 is a better fit for a wide walking shoe.", "I expected a decent shoe and that's what I got yo money check it boom goes the dynamite duh word", "Needed a wide and comfortable all purpose shoe.  This has turned into that shoe.  However, it looks and feels cheaply made.  Part of the stitching on the inside occasionally rubs against my foot causing intermittent pain. The leather upper has stretched over time and otherwise it fits reasonable well.The fabric and construction is becoming cheaper and the prices keep rising.", "The shoes is very nice and has a light weight but the size 9wide doesn't fit it's too narrow as expected.", "I do a fair amount of walking in my small town (several miles per weekend), and these shoes function perfectly in that capacity.", "Just by look at the shoes you can tell this is just a regular shoes,the toe area so narrow, not wide as they claim. When I try on, I can feel my toe squeezed , my husband have to squeezed his feet to my shoes to make wider.Very disappointed.", "Bought these for my mom.She really likes the shoes. They look better than what is shown in the picture.", "I have tried many walking shoes over the years and these by far have been the best. I have high arches and these shoes fit just like a sock with all the support in all the right places.", "These shoes were exactly what I needed and the best part was that they were about $20 cheaper than at the Nike Store. This color combination was also difficult to find in the stores.I believe that that Free TR2 is an ideal athletic shoe. It is light and flexible like all Frees, but the TR2 have a much more stable base and more durable material so they are better for cross training,sports, working out. I've played soccer many times with the older models without any problems.", "Why is this109 dollars when it came out LAST year. Ther are other pairs of these shoes that are so much better and there less money lower the price and you might get more sales", "I bought this for my son who plays basketball. I bought them a year ago and they still look great for a 11-12 year old owning them! My son does take care of his shoes but he is still a kid so I am glad to see that the shoes look great a year later! My son does wear them all the time not just playing basketball. He is just about out of the shoe now but they look very good and I am glad that for the money I paid that they DID NOT fall apart. I would buy these again and recommend them.", "Excellent pair of shoes! Good quality coming from nike! It seems very well done and after a couple of uses I get a good ball control!", "My son absolutely loves them. They are heavier than the Mercurials, but a better fit and better overall ball control.", "These cleats where great when it  came to getting traction on the field and the side grips allowed for some sweet curve shots. One thing I didn't enjoy was that it pinched a little on the inside of my ankle, but once you break them in they are a blast. The inside of the shoe really sticks to your socks and the narrow sole allows for easy handling of the ball. Offset laces provide comfortable longer range kicks. Over all I am very pleased with this cleat.", "Love this sneaker - my absolute favoriteNo other sneaker is as comfortable & affordablePerfect for walking - running - Zumba & step classes -", "I ordered these for a big Lebron fan. He likes the style and comfort of the shoe, but the size runs a tad bit small.", "I NEED SIZE 10.5.....PLEASE PLEASE...THIS SHOE IS SO PERFECT AND AWSOME...I REALLY LIKE IT....THE BEST BASKETBALL SHOE IS THIS ONE....FITS SO PERFECTLY.....", "I bought these for my son for Christmas, he loves them. He says they are super light and fit great!!", "Buen producto, costo adecuado, buena calidad. El producto adecuado, la talla solicitada y color. Tiempo de entrega el estimado. Recomendado 100%", "Theses are great shoes for the serious basketball player. They perform well, and are comfortable, flexile and light weight.  Plus, they have Nike great design.", "Great shoe for just weight training/ cross training. But try not to use these just for long runs.  It'll kill your feet with in time.", "Sweet sneakers. The navy is very cool. These are my teenagers. They are his \"good\" sneakers to wear. Price was right. It's hard to find the trendy sneakers in men's sizes under. $100.", "Great all around shoes.  Comfortable. Great if into sports- particularly basketball.  Fit as expected.", "I just received my new shoes trying them on a run really fine running shoe light weight and flexable, I'll be buying more Nike running shoes in the future!!!!", "Perfect fit, bought for my 11 year old son. Lightweight. He is using them for school everyday. Would definitely recommend.", "Like this shoe for the way it fits (snug and comfortable, accurate shoe size)and seems very versatile...like the lacing on this shoe, very effective as far as making that tight fit for running, but also can loosely set it for easy slip-on and slip-off...I have worn it primarily for just walking around at this point, but it feels more inclined to running rather than cross-training or serious gym workouts (not great for running around on the basketball gym). The slight on this shoe is that it does not have great ankle support, thus no serious gym work, but for walking and casual running, this shoe is great and  looks fresh, makes any outfit look casual, but still very stylish...overall, great fitting shoe, has good ventilation, feels like walking on air, and looks are stylish in any outfit outside of a full blown suit!!", "These Nike FreeZilla's have treated me very well so far. We purchased these from Zappos 6 months ago & they are holding up jus great! Normally i use Nike shox(Nz) but the sale price on the Freezillas caught my attention and i'm glad i got em. No blisters, no broken nails, no ankle issues at all and i've used these shoes for everything my gym has to offer! I mainly workout in the gym with these FreeZillas such as free weights, leverage machines, elliptical, stationary bike and treadmill daily except mondays. Very comfortable for running but i ony run short distances & these shoes work excellent for my run. Other than that the Nikes are super comfortable as well as stylish and i like Nike's styling on most of their sneakers & boots(acg). Five stars for these babies only because i am so impressed what my Freezillas have gotten me through thus far!", "I usually love Nike shoes, but I was sorely disappointed when I purchased these and they gave me blisters on the arch of both my feet. This can be avoided by taping my feet, but one shouldn't have to do this if they're wearing sports socks. Not the best Nike shoe I've ever owned. I would recommend someone getting a different model.", "I ordered the wrong size for a needy family for a Christmas Angel Tree when the spreadsheet with the boy's size was incorrect.", "could have went a half size smaller. thank u. other than that they are comfortable next time i will do that", "Comfortable and stylish. Well made.  My daughter loves playing basketball and thinks these shoes are fun. She loves the Velcro strap and lace combination.", "i play tennis and i know who comfortable needs to be a pair of tennis shoes and the first time i saw this shoes i said wow! so cool this model and i bought but when i tried them i noticed that they wasn't so comfortable as lunar vapor model from nike, even though they are excellent shoes", "muy buen producto muy satisfecho con la entrega y el producto recomendado 100% seguere comprando sin ningun problema en amazon", "Ordered these shoes for my daughter and they were delivered the day they said they would be.  They fit true to size and we had no problems! A first when ordering cheer shoes. We have not figured out how to change the colors but not a big deal because she can't wear anything in the swoosh anyways. Great find.", "I just got these shoes like 2 hours ago and i can say fairly i love 'em they are comfy and how u can put your school colors in them and that helps 'cause i am  a cheerleader for football and basket ball!! and it matches our uniforms  and every cheer leader has them so .... I totlay recomend them !!", "These are super light cleats that increase speed but offer little protection from blisters (heal & big toes) without proper protection.", "loved the bright color and I have had no complaints from my son on the fit or feel.  He plays soccer for his high school", "- Correct size.- Correct color.- Good quality.- Very confortable to play.", "oh estos son muy confortabesmuy buenos megustan  muchopara mi estos son muy bueno comodo y no golpean como otros", "tacos agradables al colocar, buenos para todo tipo de c&eacute;sped tremendo impulso buen material se adapta con gran facilidad para tomar potencia en el recorrido", "Were really good and comfortable..while they lasted. Only lasted  about 3 months and I only played about once a week and after a short while a hole started forming and got bigger and bigger until they were unusable", "They for perfect ..couldn't be better. I would recommend these and buying from this buyer anyday. Cant wait to play football in them and ball out!", "...Cleats arrived exactly in time for my son's soccer game. What impressed us most was the break-in period-totally unnecessary! The shoes fit perfectly and he went from box to game with them and didn't even get a blister. They are softer, more flexible and a lighter shoe for running. We always buy the best shoes for our athletes and were surprised when he didn't want the kangaroo leather shoes again. These were significantly cheaper and truly a better shoe.", "I am in Afghanistan, and the price, the delvery time, and the quality of the product, the price were all GREAT.", "U can tell from surface material that this shoe comes low price . But for overplay ,it will be just fine . Anyway 9.5 is longer then i expexted or i will rate it 4 stars.", "Great quality, i am happy with this purchase, totally recommended, the package comes to my home so fast, and these tennis shoes looks great when i play", "I really like these shoes but they are made a full size too small. I ordered my regular size first. I had to send them back. I then ordered them a half size larger and they're still very tight. The first time I ordered them they arrived quickly , but the second time it took 19 days from the day I ordered them to get them. So save yourself alot of trouble and order a full size larger when buying these shoes.", "These shoes are perfect for my 17 year old daughter.  They have plenty of room for orthotics.  The boot is deep so it still gives ankle protection with the orthotic in it.  She has tried many shoes - but these are the ones that work for her.", "perfect fit and i wear these everyday when i run!! will be getting more when these wear out!! they are like improved feet to me!", "Seems as if the size of the shoe was a little unforgiving.  I am usually a size 15 but it seemed as if the size was more of a European size because it felt about a half inch too small.", "Good looking shoe and does the trick on a lot of indoor fields. They look pretty awesome too, i'm pretty much the coolest guy on campus. Don't trust me? Being as they are priced they way they are, buy yourself a pair and see/kick for yourself. heheheehehehehe", "Grate grip, but a soft wearing sole. Comfortable, well shaped to the foot and very light. Some how it still give good support.", "I use these shoes for tennis.  I generally wear a size 9 but had to get these in a 10.  They are a little narrow for my wide foot, but not uncomfortable at all; I think it actually helps with agility to have them snug.  Not much buildup on the big toe, so they wouldn't last long for someone who drags toe on serves.", "I love the style and &#34;cush&#34; of these shoes. They are a bit narrow though, so order a size bigger.", "My daughter plays volleyball and goes through shoes every season.  These are as described but not any better than others we have tried in the past. Arrived a head of time", "Shoes are a perfect fit. Love them on the court.Fast shippingShoes have enough ankle and arch support for side to side pivoting", "Just the right size. Comfortable. Halfway through volleyball season and no signs of wear and tear. Great support and style.", "I love these shoes. My daughter and I have the same size shoe and we share these specific shoes. I love the color and the comfort.", "These shoes are extremely comfortable and stylish.  These are my absolutely favorite pair to wear to the gym, when hiking, on extended outings....you name it.  I've worn them so much, it's high time for a new pair.  I have not been able to find them anywhere.  I really like the color combinations and the fit.  I would highly recommend & definitely purchase again.  :)", "Sweet throwback Nikes! Lots of complements right away. They fit very comfortably. Especially love the magenta laces!  This my second pair, won't be my last", "Great shoes for a soccer player. They wash well and are durable. My son loves them and the price here was better than zappos.", "When these shoes first arrived, I thought they were too small. After taking our grandson to one store after another, and being unable to find this same popular shoe in his size at any local stores, we went back and reexamined these shoes, made our grandson sit still for more than 5 minutes, and found that these shoes were not only the style and colors our grandson wanted, but they were actually just a little large, and were perfect for the upcoming soccer season. Instead of returning these shoes, we found that they were actually what fit and was wanted. Grandmother guessed right the first time around.", "I was fitted with Pegasus+ 29 and purchased them at a running store.  I decided to stay with the model and size.", "Absolutely stunning! They are lightweight and very comfortable and fit as expected.", "They fit perfect", "Couldn't find his size anywhere but online, they fit perfectly and he absolutelty loved them. Hopefully they make it throught this football season.", "Had worn it on grass, sandy surfaces, mud..and traction is super! I no longer worry about slipping when I move, and can concentrate more on my shooting. Great shoes!!!!", "I have been wearing the cortez sneaker since high school (which was a long time ago) and they are hard to find in certain colors so I was excited to replace my old white on black with new ones. No problems with purchase and the package arrived on time.", "I love these shoes. I love Nike as a brand. Shox are hard to find with a three piece heel, which is my favorite. These shoes are comfortable and wear well if they are anything like my last pair.", "Im a heavy guy who runs on gravel roads, flat footed as a duck and 4 e, these shoes hold up great and are soft on the feet", "For $80 you can't beat the price for this pair of Nike Shox.  I love these shoes because their comfortable and they look kinda stylish on Jeans Friday at work.  Watch Colony is also great seller with some unbelievable prices.", "Great shoe for volleyball. Good support and stylish. True to size too. Our team picked these as their shoe this year!", "My child loves the shoes.  Wears 2 school and says they feel great!  These will be my last reviews for anything I order from Amazon.  Love shopping w/you but hate being told how many words I need to use on a review!", "These sneakers came even earlier then they said so that was great, plus  there wasn't anything wrong with them and that's always great.", "I love these so much i bought a larger size just because i can't find them anywhere-great for poolside, or a trip to the store!", "These fit good. They are more like boat shoes, the old flat bottom &#34;sneakers&#34; that were around for years. As such they don't provide as much support as a running type sneaker. But for moderate walking they are good.", "Purchased these for the husband, who is always looking for red and black Nike's to match the logo for his company.  Great price and the carbon fiber is a cool touch!  He's received several compliments.", "My wife has tiny feet and and wears a girls shoe. Nike Shocks are the shoe that works for her. She is on her feet a lot and they provide her the comfort needed to make it through the day. Excellent service through Amazon as usual. Thank you.", "Extremely comfortable! So worth the price. Awesome for people suffering from back pain and/or body pain. The shox relieves tension typically with casual walking", "These shoes fit nicely, but they seem very hard/stiff compared to my previous pair. These feel like they have no cushion and definitely not the air feel of previous pairs. I really should have sent them back.", "Read reviews and I was a little concerned about it being too small, but it fit true to my 11.5 size and they look great, the green is only on the tongue and the insole, so it's not overbearing!", "I love this shoes a lot.  Very comfortable! I highly recommend this shoe to anyone looking for style and comfort :)", "Looks like Nike has improved the sole on this shoe. It used to have rubber sections glued to parts of the bottom of the shoe which would come off after a few months and render the shoe worthless for running.", "fit exactly how he wanted them to fit! best and most comfortable pair of shoes you could buy! worth it", "Not true to U.S. sizes. I wear a 9D but I could probably wear a 9.5E in this shoe. Very snug on toes and sides of forefoot, and yes, I adjusted the laces. I owned a pair of the original Tailwind from 2009 that was true to size and was a fantastic shoe that carried me through two marathons with upwards of 1000 miles of wear before going flat. Seems maybe true size is sacrificed for lighter weight these days. The shoe looks great! That's about it for me.", "Great shoe, just a little narrow. Also its a hard stiff shoe. I thoght it would be a little softer or more cushion at the heels", "The sole of the shoe is a bit odd.  Under the arch of the foot the sole gets very narrow.  You can sort of see it on the third picture from the top, the one that shoes the inside side of the shoe.  Other than that the show fits well and is very comfortable.  I have a narrow heel and it fits well.  The shoe will feel a bit tight on the forefoot but will probably stretch a bit making it even more comfortable as I wear it.  Would buy this particular model again.", "I wear these for work, serving at a country club. They run pretty narrow and are tight around the toe area. Great support for being on my feet all day, but I wish I had gotten a half size larger.", "this was my first time ordering shoes and was a little worried they would not  be the right thing or size but they got it perfect and when i order shoes next time i will order from here they shipped fast and the shoe was EXACTLY what it was supposed to be.", "Bought these for my son, he absolutely loves them. Was the exact same color as in the picture and they are very comfortable for wearing just casually", "Got these as a birthday present for my teenager.  The color and fit are perfect.  I like having the availability on Amazon as compared to going to a high priced specialty store.", "They run small but they are very comfortable sneakers to run in and do your workouts.... That I even bought two pairs", "This show is perfect for people with wider than normal feet. No break in time, comfortable as well. I want another pair. Best Nike shoe I have wore to date, even better than the air max", "I needed a pair of shoes with cushion and decided to go with Nike Tailwind because when I was in college running track these running shoes lived up to all my expectations.  They are still a quality built shoe.", "they are awesome. I like it. I would recomend it to yvon. These r good looking shoes. They r so cool.", "tey are great shoes but they rip easily. its actually very annoying there populer and cool just rip to easily", "I get so many compliments on these shoes it's ridiculous!  I bought them for nursing school because all my other shoes were wild colors and they wanted us to have as close to plain white as we could get.  Well these are white while still being fun.  Now nursing school is over and I still wear them on an almost daily basis.  I wouldn't recommend them for running but that's just my personal opinion.  I like the look and feel of Nike's but for some reason they bother the ball of my foot when I'm running.  But even after a full day of work on my feet these still feel good.", "I bought these when my lunar glides ran out.  I feel like these are a little harder.  They make a sound as I run but they are a little more supportive than the lunar glide.  Still very light and great for those who already have good running posture.", "Note on the running surface I used these shoes on: I use these shoes mostly on the road. The main route I run is abandoned or something, so there is some debris on it (e.g. small rocks, glass, plants growing out of cracks, etc.). I do relatively short runs (5k tops) and a lot of walking.For the Nike Free family, the number (e.g. 3.0, 4.0, 5.0) refers to the cushioning (a 0.0 would be no cushioning). As far as I know the 3.0 is the most minimal cushioning available for this line, and thus represents something far closer to a minimalist shoe than a regular shoe. In addition to the thin cushioning there are grooves that go from side to side across the shoe and a grove running from toe to heel. The side to side grooves are very thin, while the toe to heel groove is a bit wider. I'm not positive as to what the toe to heel groove does, but the side to side grooves give a good amount of flexibility to the sole (like a minimalist shoe, it is flexible enough to roll up into a ball). A downside to these groves (especially the thin side ones) is that debris gets stuck in them easily. Since they are tiny gaps this usually involves tiny rocks. It isn't hard to remove debris by any means (you can just flex them and it drops out), though it may prove to be an annoyance mid-run if something gets stuck. The shoe has good traction on the ground, though I have only used it in dry conditions thus far. The upper part of the shoe is light and flexible. The upper body is fairly breathable, and I haven't had any issue with it getting too hot or sweaty. Rather than an independent tongue and lace structure the shoe is built kind of like a loafer. Thus you can slip the shoe on, and tighten the laces to adjust the fit. It is also worth noting that these shoes are very light. Mine are around 7.2 oz (.45 lb).Overall I think these shoes are great for running on the road, and I definitely recommend them.", "Nike Free 3.0 are light comfortable shoes. They are great for running or justwearing them around. They are really good for your feet because they don't havealot of support which is good for your feet. These shoes are great for all agesand they last along time .I have a pair of them. I wear them around and they are really comfortable . When I go to school or hangout with friends I wear these shoes. So these shoes are great for hikes running races or wearing around theregood for your feet.They are really good looking they come in different colors and the Nike sign also comes in different colors. The cost of them is around 50 to 75$ at most.  So if you're a runner get the Nike Free 3.0.", "I have run through 4 pair of Nike Free 3.0 shoes and have been very pleased with the shoes until the version 4 release. The shoes still take advantage of their lightweight and flexible design which is a signature to the Nike Free line. The low toe-to-heel rise is still present, and the new version has smaller gaps in the sole which means less issues with pebbles getting caught while running. Nevertheless the new version 4 has some major downfalls. The previous version 3 had an improved heel cup which fit close like a glove without being tight, the version 4 slide all over the place and have caused some blistering. Additionally, they have changed the material so it is no longer a breathable nylon, but a more plastic feel which sweats like a greenhouse. The new material is also very low quality. I only have 25 miles on these and the mid-foot fabric is already breaking through. The last 4 pair I had finally broke through in the front toe box between 700-800 miles.Overall I would either look for a different style shoe or a earlier version of the Nike Free shoes. I will probably look for an older version 3 and try to hold out for a version 5 which will hopefully take from their previous designs.", "Nike Free Run 3.0I needed a pair of shoes that would last me up to 4-6 months, without wearing out. Because usually when I was wearing shoes that would wear out between 1-2 months.  So I went to footlocker and found a legit pair of Nike Free Runs. I didn't even look for another pair of shoes. I asked the employee if I could get the shoes in my size to try on. He brought them out and they perfectly cushioned my feet when I tried them on. I was only in the store for ten minutes because I didn't need to browse any more.Even though they were eighty dollars, they still lasted me two to three times as longer as any ordinary pair of sneakers. Cause usually if I buy any other brand I have to buy it, because it only last me one to two months. Mathematically they would add up to be more than the Nike Free Runs, so you are actually saving money.The Free Runs are bright orange, but that is just the color I got. (They come in all different colors) The laces were gray and the bottom is white. They are incredibly light and flexible, and that's why they are so comfortable. It's also nice because there is no floppy tongue that would make it uncomfortable.  It is also very pleasing that you can just tie them once and go, because they are very easy to slip on.I would only recommend this to someone who likes to get active, and If you play sports or anything else. If you just play video games all day and never got out, I wouldn't recommend you this shoe. Then you would just be wasting your money.", "This is a very nice shoe. Although the picture looks plain this pair of shoes were the perfect elegance of white/gray/black. My son loved these shoes so much that he is holding on to them for no snow, no rain, and no bad weather occasion. As a parent I can say I was impressed with the price and good quality feel of the shoe. However, I must say the shoe runs big...I bought a 12 for my son but we believe 11.5 could have been better fit for him.", "estan muy buenos los zapatos para sotfboll  super  lo recomiendo 100% desde venezuela tardo lo que me esperaba ni mas ni menos", "nice looking pair of baseball cleats for my lil 13 year old . He loves them and he says they are very comfortable.", "Buen producto, aunque es un poco incomodo en la parte delantera, sin embrago es buen producto.Buen producto, aunque es un poco incomodo en la parte delantera, sin embrago es buen producto.", "Great shoe for price!  My son has used for 2 seasons majors and club ball and on 3rd now.  Spikes still holding up.", "I have a wider than normal foot, so take that into consideration when reading this review.The shoe has a plastic type form that goes from the shoelaces down horizontally on each side.  This looks alright, but the problem is that this creates an awkward transition for your pinky toe.  For me it ended up giving me blisters and I ended up giving the shoes to a friend who said he could use them occasionally but not all the time.  So maybe better for casual wear or for occasional use.", "These shoes are the lightest running shoes I've ever owned. Very comfortable. Very thin. I'm not sure how long they will last as they are so thin they seem a little vulnerable to tears and wear. Also, it bends in a weird way on one of my feet, and has been a little painful, but I'm sure I'll break into them over time. If I can get past the pain, and they last a while, I will buy them again.", "Light. Super comfortable.", "I love them! They are so light weight I feel like I'm running  barefoot . I went to footlocker to get some but they didn't have my size. So I looked online and they had my size and is cited on a better deal . The price was way better and free shipping. You can't beat that", "I ordered this shoe one size bigger as I had tried them on at the sporting goods store. They are lightweight, have good traction on the indoor court, and look good too.", "I replaced the internal soles with doctor scholes because I do the insanity workout training and need that extra support", "It is a sleek looking running shoe that I generally wear to the gym or running errands. I usually run the treadmill while at the gym. I ran outside for 3 miles in these shoes and had ankle pain and irritation in my toes. Good for short distance runs in my opinion! Otherwise an all around nice shoe.", "Love how light weight they are. Great for running/ walking. Also love the colors they go perfect together! Very Happy with my purchase", "The sneakers fits perfectly and are very light. I like the selection of colors they offer.", "I ordered the black/pink/blue shoe and it was much more lightweight and  uncomplicated in design as i assumed it would. Because its so thin, i thought it might not feel as cushion-ny  but in fact, its pretty comfortably snug. The cutting is slim in terms of width and is really snug around my foot, although i ordered half a size larger. So larger-width foot people may not want to buy an exact size for this shoe.Not sure about the durability though, and also not sure if it is really from Nike, or just the shoe factory selling it at a slightly lower price to earn its own capital.", "The shoe is light weight which makes it very flexible and looks great too! The sole has many different levels to make it feel like your lifted off the ground while still being a small shoe. The only probes is that it takes a while to break it in but once you do it's a great fit and comfortable shoe!", "Somewhat small. Couldn't use with orthotics, so had to return. Also didn't like the way the logo was printed on. Looked tacky.", "Shoes are very comfortable. ... I am a beginner runner and can tell the shoes wouldn't last long for more experienced runners.", "Shoes arrived different color then posted on Amazon's web sight. There is not blue in the shoes, they are all white.", "Size is exactly how it should be, these look great and are an amazingly comfortable shoe!", "Just perfect! I didn't expect them to come packaged as if I had just picked them up from the store!", "The shoe was a little small, specifically on the toe box. The arch also hit me in the wrong spot. Good looking shoe but I am returning.", "This is a very lightweight shoe, like the Nike Free, and sadly, seems kind of cheaply made. There is very little support. It is just sub par compared to any other Nike I have ever owned. I generally love Nike shoes, but this one disappoints. Also, it runs slightly large, so if you're between sizes go down the half size. Wish i had kept the box to return them, at least they were on the less expensive side, so i will wear then when my good shoes would get wrecked, and let them collect dust the rest of the time.", "I love the lite weight of my new shoes! The colors are vivid too.", "Great shoe, the 'vivid blue' really pops, the cushioning is uniform and the foam has a different feel than Nike Air.Really comfortable for everyday use, and you can slip them on and off without undoing the laces.My only gripe is there is zero arch support. Also because of the nature of the Nike Free soles, stuff can get sandwiched between the cushion cubes, but not more than any regular sneaker with grooves in the soles.", "Decent basketball shoes.  Not the most comfortable but not terrible.  They are pretty supportive but the high cut into the back of your ankle when you are breaking them in.", "These are my new favorite pair of kicks. The neon green really pops on the black. I get compliments every time I wear them. They are true to size for my feet. Nike Air Max are my final stop when it comes to athletic shoes!", "cute colors but very narrow which makes wearing them longer then an hr unbearable! They do have great arch support", "Modern, cute, air max, but the toe area is very narrow and snug. Rubbed my fifth digit initially. Very tight fit around toes other wise nice shoe.", "I LOVE the way these shoes look! I probably should have ordered a wide if that's an option tho because the shoe feels a bit narrow. Also I wear a 10.5 in Mizuno but an 11 in these nikes.", "Yes it fit a bit too small but that's because my foot is very wide and so that's not much out of the ordinary for me, other than that these are some great sneakers and comfortable fit else wise! The color is nice and vivid ( I wouldn't say neon vivid but you know what i mean lol)I'd recommend these to anyone who loves Nikes and pink", "This shoes looks  very nice on me, perfect fit . I like combination of  colors aand stile. They are very comfortable", "I have other nike soccer shoes and usually wear 10.5. Got 11 after reading reviews and could probably have gotten 11.5.", "I have bought Tiempo turfs in the past and I love their feel, and the fact they are all leather show, and not synthetic.  Like most Nike, they are snug at first, but break in after use.  So far, they feel good, look great.", "These shoes don't fit.  I am trying to figure out how to send them back.  I need a large size.", "This is good for dry hard grounds. It kicks pretty well also.... All in all I am very happy with this purchase", "I bought a shose the same size it's perfect but this too small , so can i change it ?send me email I want 10.5", "These shoes wear a little tight so would recommend getting half a size bigger. Apart from that these shoes are fine.", "THE TURF SHOE IS THE WAY TO GO.When graduating to middle age, the turf show helps with less impact to the body", "the soccer shoe was not a true size 12, you will need to order vthe shoe one more size bigger", "Nike's usually run small but this cleat runs about 1/2 size big.  My son cannot even wear the shoe.  Caused blisters after 1 practice and cannot return cleats because they have been worn.  Too bad. Such a good looking shoe.", "I love the way the shoes look in person! So far they have been preforming really good and I've experienced no problems with them yet!", "I love how easy it is for me to run, jump, and workout in these shoes. I've had them for over a year now and they still feel amazing. The sole is solid and made of mesh. You have got to try these on!", "Great fit! Great value for money! I recommend going a half size up in this shoes however for the best fit.", "I like to have a fresh, stylish, timeless quality about my appearance.  This shoe helps give my wardrobe that little pop with my jeans and a great sport shirt like Robert Graham.", "I am very dissapointed with the product received for this item. I have ordered number 9.5 and I have received number 9, it does not fit. I have ordered color gray and I have received color black which I don't like in any way.I live outside the United States, in Venezuela and it is very difficult for me this kind of transactions when mistakes like this are made, we have a currency control system that makes us difficult to buy in US$, in addition to this we have to get a courier service (very expensive) to bring the items to my country, and it is very discouraging that after all this situations I received a wrong item that it does not even fit. Please help me!", "I had read review after review saying order a size up because they are too narrow. Well, I have regular to wide sized feet and I went ahead and ordered my normal size 8.5. What I found really odd was that they were NOT small for me, they were almost too large overall; I had to yank the shoelaces as tight as they would go and then it fit better. Beyond that, they were way too long (several inches off the end of my toes at the tip). I don't know if I got a weird or random fitting shoe, but my experience did not fit the reviews. Still with that said, if you do find one that fits properly, I actually really liked these shoes all things considered. Zumba has a lot of hopping and impact on your feet and I think these shoes would do well in the long run if you find the proper fit.", "I bought these to wear for Zumba.  They worked fantastic!  They let you pivot and turn without the little catch that running or xTrainers have EXCEPT that they really cut into my heel.  I shrugged it off figuring I just needed to break them in.  I stuck it out for a few more classes and they never got better and my heel got worse.  I gave them up when I noticed that I had a bump exactly where they were cutting into my heel.I finally ended up buying another pair of shoes for Zumba and giving these away.  I had hoped it was just me having an issue with these shoes but I asked a few other girls who had them and they had the same issue but not to the degree I did.So if they work for you, they are fantastic.. As for me, I'm in PT missing Zumba due to inflation on my heel :(", "I needed some dance shoes for Zumba and these work great.  They provide support but don&#34;t stick to the floor too much.", "Love the look & feel. Great for dance classes like Zumba. Makes turns much easier. No sticking to the floor.", "I have a pair of black suede Nike Musiques and was happy to find them in other colors and fabrics. Also, I wear a 11 and 1/2 which is hard to find. These fit perfect, they are light wieght and fashionable.", "I love these shoes for Zumba class!  The sole lets you slide for the dance moves, but the shoe still gives great support!", "I needed some actual shoes for my Zumba classes that were designed for high impact dancing and these fit the bill!!  Very comfortable, stylish and support your feet.", "I love Nike. The fit was as expected. The only deal was that the spin portion on the ball of your foot (pink) is made of the same material as the tread: rubber. So you stick! I bought these along w the Bloch Boost and no questions, the Blochs were MUCH better at pivoting. I have carpet, tile and wood floors so I could try it on all surfaces. Of course, the gym has wood. I returned them. And I wouldn't buy them because they stick. What's the point? Sorry Nike. I feel like I'm back stabbing you....", "The shoe had a comfortable fit.  Looked nice. The only problem was the sole of the shoe did not have the slide needed for dancing. It had the same grip as any other sneaker. I was sorry to have to return them as they did feel comfortable.", "Excellent product I really recommend good quality all delivered as stated in the publication of the goods the remomiendo 100% ........", "I was happy to see a half size option... but it was far too narrow and short. My toes felt crunched.", "This is my second pair of Nike Musique.  I love this shoe.  Instantly comfortable.  I'm a Zumba instructor and use these shoes a lot with no problems. The cool gray color is the best--goes with everything.", "I love the way these shoes fit, and how light they are.  Really comfortable, but I was surprised that they make my feet sweat so much.  My feet generally don't sweat much as a rule, but in these shoes, they do.  I find that they don't breath as much as I thought they would.  Still, I'll put up with it for the comfort and support (I have a very high arch, and these are one of the few shoes I've found that actually support it well.)", "I love my shoes, they are stylist and comfortable. I am happy I chose them. They arrived on time and I highly recommend them.", "I needed a dance shoe for Zumba that offered good arch support. I looked at the Zumba brand and found so many conflicting opinions - too big, too narrow, no support, great support, etc. After several hours of looking at reviews for all types of shoes, I had the bright idea to look at Nike - I can only wear Nike running shoes due to foot issues and decided to look at their brand. I normally wear a size 8 but in Nike I wear an 8.5 - so that solved the sizing issue. I just used these shoes to Zumba and am I ever impressed! My feet don't hurt and I'm not having any issues with cramping or soreness in the foot arch. Now these shoes don't slide as easy as the duct tape I was using on my other shoes, but I'm ok with that - they work great on our carpet and there was no pressure or twisting on my knees either. I highly recommend this shoe - just wish it came in brighter colors.", "These shoes fit well and are quite comfortable.  I wear these to Zumba about 5 days/week.  They grip and glide when they should.  Love these shoes!", "These Are a must for aerobics and Zumba...great torsion moves! This shoe runs small. I wear an 8 1/2.... I am wearing a 9 in these.", "I love my Nike Musique.  They pivot well and offer great support.  In fact, I've recommended them to others in my class and they liked them too.  I just wish they came in brighter (zumba-like) colors.  Otherwise a fantastic shoe for dancing.", "I was forced to order shoes online after finding that few to none of the stores in my area carried the 4.0 V3 free runs any longer:(  Apparently they have been replaced with the newest 5.0 model by Nike which NOONE seems to be purchasing! There has been a huge change to the arch of the insole on the 5.0 and this made them so uncomfortable that my daughter tried them on once and refused to try another pair. We bought these shoes 10 minutes after getting back home from our day long trek through the mall and surrounding shoe store outlets. Absolutely no complaints from a happy customer!", "Love these shoes. Comfortable feels like I'm running barefoot almost. Thank you for having this fine product available. Pleae keep these shoes coming.", "The shoes fit perfectly.  Probably the most comfortable piece of footwear I have ever placed on my feet.  They have very soft soles, an although they are intended for more of a &#34;barefoot&#34; running style, there is plenty of cushion for running heel-toe.  I'm very happy with this purchase.", "I found the shoe snug and had purchased a 1/2 size larger. Had to return them. Amazon made it easy as usual.", "I am on my feet all day. These shoes fit like a soft glove. Their lightweight feel remarkably provides support.", "My son loves them!  Easy and light weight.  He hasn't taken them off since he got them,  I would recommend them.", "Shoes are very lightweight and are very comfortable for long walks or jogs. They fit like a slipper and are as light as as slipper", "These shoes are expensive, and probably over priced, but with that said, my husband is on his second pair.  They are nice enough to wear to work with casual pants, and great on a trail.", "I don't wear these shoes myself, bought them for my son.  They seem to fit well and are very light and comfortable, I would guess they would be good for running, walking or working out not much of traction on the sole, but I would guess that is what keeps them light and has a good amount of mesh so your feet don't get to hot and sweat a lot.", "These shoes are some of the most comfortable shoes I have ever owned. However, after having them for 3 months the stitching is starting to fall apart mainly in the lip of the shoe, hopefully these shoes don't completely fall apart. I would defiantly buy another pair and I would recommend these to anyone.", "it very good lookinggood materialbut sadly it is not comfortable at all (the fit is good ) !", "My Husband wears a brace due to extensive nerve damage and we have not been able to find a shoe for over a year.  WINNER!!!!!!!  Thank you so much because I could not take on trying on one more pair of shoes!!!!!!!", "A very nice looking and fitting shoe for a good price. Also bought a black pair. I definitely recommend these shoes.", "Fits great and very light. Feels like its made of something like card board, but I'm pretty sure its not. A little wider than the previous generation, which I had trouble putting my feet in.", "The toe box on this shoe is a little wide and I've had to lace it looser than I normally do because it pulls across the outside of my little toe a bit...but I do really like them.  I won't run in them because of how I have to lace them, but they are perfect for lifting!", "i was really disappointed that the shoe size was not accurate to sizing..i have worn 7.5 for over 30 years and this shoe seemed about 1/2 size to big", "These shoes were light, airy, and extremely comfortable. There is no doubt in my mind they would be nice running shoes, but I bought these for my kick around pair of shoes. I'm extremely glad they finally got my size in, there is another pair I would like to get next payday, but for now, these were cute, comfy, and really breathable. I love them. Would highly recommend.", "Love the colors the styles and fit comfortable.everytime at work people ask me where I get them from always tell them about u guys", "Pretty and bright colors, fit perfect.", "These are very lightweight and very well supported. They also have removable insoles. The colors are very vibrant as well.", "I really like these sneakers but I've only worn them for about three weeks and part of the sole is already pealing away. Other than that, they are very comfortable!", "I got these to match my orioles jersey my husband got me. The colors of the shoe is better than in these pictures and will go just fine. When I tried on the shoe they were a little tighter around the foot than I typically would wear, but they are so light and really computable to walk in. When I picked up the shoe and held it, it felt almost like a feather. I got the shoes 1 day before the expected delivery date, very nice!", "Great shoe, good price, and excellent true to size fit. Love them!", "Great Shoe!! Got it as a gift for my sister in law and loved them!! Buy Buy Buy Buy Buy Nike..", "I was very happy with the fit. Good cushion. Probably not great for running. I got them for cross training.", "They are very cute. However, after walking in them 3 times I developed a blood blister on my big toe. I rested for a few days to let the blister heal.  Went for a walk in the shoes yesterday and the ball of my foot is raw and sore.  Very disappointed because I don't buy shoes often.  I usually buy New Balance but thought I'd try Nike for a change.  I will not buy Nike again.", "I really loved the shoes, they are super light .. very good service, responsible for my part I highly recommend it ..", "Style is perfect, just like the picture. The shoe itself is very comfortable, but runs a little bit big. Overall, a great experience with the seller.", "I love these, i spent weeks researching cross trainers to see which ones would work best as im starting T25 and Shakeology at home and wanted comfortable shoes to work out in and use for other purposes. These fit perfect and are super comfortable! Would def recommend!", "Nice Nike sneaker but ran large. I take 6.5 but was too big and had return. Will reorder in a 6.", "Very comfortable. I have a wider foot and these fit great. I would highly recommend. Great color that sometimes looks red and other times dark pink ,", "The fit is great. I feel plenty of support and have gone on several long walks, classes at the gym, etc. Plus, they are cute enough that I don't feel dumb wearing them when I'm not working out.", "Normally wear an 8.5 but probably should have sent these back and ordered an 8.  I just couldn't bear to part with them, though, as they're very comfortable for cross training (elliptical, running, weights, light aerobics).  But all that aside, I really love them because they are orange and pink.  A great vibrant combination, it cheers me up when I put them on and anything that encourages me to exercise is just a good thing.", "The shoes look good feel good on my feet I can walk all day in these shoes.  Everyone who has seen my shoes love them too", "I love them. They fit great and my feet feel absolutely fabulous after wearing them. They fix as expected. Not too large and not to small, No pinching of the toes.", "Very comfortable with lots of support! I was surprised by how light they are. The color was not what I expected. I thought they were more purple but actually the color is closest to bright pink. Still love them!", "I really adore red so I pressed purchase quickly. They are perfect except they may be 1/2 inch too big, but it's kool, I will wear footsies with them. Saw them at the Lady's Footocker for over $100.", "This was my first time ordering sneakers offline so i was a lil nervous about are they real etc. There was a number to call so I called and got the owner Chris,he was great and explained everything and made me feel like my money was in good hand.. I even  explained my birthday was in a couple days and worried if they would make it in the and they made it before expected which was great he even threw in a pair or Jordan socks with my shoes.I will definitely be buying my shoes from here for now on to avoid the waiting in like for Jordans and will tell all my friends and family about my great experience about on line sneaker buying I can't speak for all companys but this company is GREAT! Thanks Chris..", "But she said its fine.Kids!!!  If I return for a bigger size what that cost me return fare and no she haven't wore it yet", "I had no problems with my shoes love them. The ordering process was just as easy too. The only thing that I have draw backs on is the pricing was too much. Amazon is a great place to shop I love ordering from here and so do my kids.", "My daughter tried  all the shoe stores the day this shoe was released and it was not available in her sizes, to my surprise it was on Amazon but  for more than expected.Since this was the only place that had them I purchase them for her because we had promised her another pair of Jordan which was release earlier but there were only a limited edition and she did not get them.", "super happy for shoes", "Had to return them.  Went to local Sears and bought them instead. It's a nice shoe and I would recommend you measure your baby's foot before ordering then.", "Bought them for my son for work.  He says they fit fine and are comfortable.  He only likes to wear Nike, so I guess that says it all.", "Packaging was somewhat flimsy, but these are great flip flops and the price was right. No complaints from my Mom so I assume all is good :)", "The footbed is extremely comfortable! However, I have found that these flip flops do tend to run small. I gave them to a friend, she loves them!", "The most comfortable flippers ever great quality great choise of colors. Love em...I recommend then especially for people with feet that hurt comfy hence the name.", "very comfortable wear them daily, i enen wear them in the house", "They are comfortable, but a little small. I would have bought the next size up if it was available. Oh well.", "Really makes my plantar fascitiis not seem as bad!  Usually I can't wear flip flops, but these are soooo comfortable.", "This shos is comfortable and stylish.  My daughter loves them.  They have a shine to them that changes in the light.", "Quality shoes for my sons big feet. It is very diffcult to find shoes that fit my sons feet. The shoes arrived as promised in time for Christmas.", "Nice material. Great fit. Very well constructed. Really great deal on a fantastic pair of Nike boots. Would buy another pair if more color choices.", "Great pair. Fits well and very comfortable.", "I ordered these shoes for my 14 year old son, who wears a 14 wide. It took a little longer to put these shoes on, compared to regular tennis shoes, but they are supposed to fit close and snug like gloves. The laces are adjustable, allowing him to loosen them to get his foot in, then tighten them for a perfect fit. The wide width fit him perfectly, and he loved the fit of these shoes.The velcro strap at the top keeps the laces from being pulled and untied during matches, and the light mesh sides cut down on weight and allow his feet to breathe. The entire shoe is flexible and bendy, and the bottoms are non-skid rubberized material to give him firm footing on the mats.We ordered a pair of ASICS Men's Split Second Wide Wrestling Shoe at the same time, and will be sending those back - they are stiffer, heavier and too narrow. These Nike shoes are exactly what he wants in a wrestling shoe.Edited December 2013: our son has worn these shoes for 4 months now, and he loves them. They're holding up well to daily use, and they dry overnight so the sweat hasn't made them stink.", "my son usually wears a size 13 but they didn't have any half sizes so I went to a whole size larger, glad I did but they will only probably last this year due to the shoes just fitting him", "did not state material had suede makes a difference...returned ..for lack of relevant information..suede tends to discolor especially after getting wet", "I did some research before ordering these for my husband who plays in three different men's basketball leagues.  My husband is 6'9\" and plays center.  Some other reviewers mentioned this shoe as a great shoe for a center.  I decided to try it, and my husband can't stop raving about them.  They are extremely light and enable him to move around quickly on the court.  He said he hasn't felt that light since his college playing days!  The last pair I got him were Nike Shox and in comparison to those (which are markedly heavier than these just in holding them in your hands), he said it's like playing with new feet.  He also doesn't have the aches and pains in his ankles that he used to have with the other shoes.", "This pair of sneakers is very comfy and stylish. They fit at expected and are as described. I am a sneaker person and Nike Dunk Low are classic.", "Very comfy and cushioned....but I got a blister from the top part rubbing against my foot. Guess I just have to break them in. Overall they are worth buying.", "it looked like it should be comfortable but it is not. too stiff not cushioned at all  too narrow for a tennis shoe", "This is my first time writing a review but I couldnt let this expierence go unnoticed. I ordered these shoes for my 16yr old son. My son is very pleased. The shoes arrived on the date stated and were packaged very well. The delivery time was very quick. I  placed order on Wednesday evening and had shoes on Monday afternoon with out a very high shipping rate. (much kudos ) My son opened the box and gasped (they are beautiful). He and I are very pleased with this seller. We will definitely use this seller again.Thank you", "My son wanted these for a birthday present & his wish was fulfilled by very generous grandparents.  He left them outside an apartment door & the next morning they were gone. SO, the extraordinarily generous grandparents (and others) chipped in to get him his 2nd pair.  Because that's how much he loved/loves them. They fit perfectly. They are green.", "It looks like its tight from the inside but when I slipped them it fit perfectly love these shoes thanks", "Excelent shoes, the color is great, good quality and seems to be pretty resistant. The best part is that if you get a scuff with a wet whipe you can clean it!!A must have shoe.", "These are very nice looking shoes don't get me wrong BUT they cost $230 in some cases when it retailed for only $115!! the doubled the price! If you got the money for it and really want them go for it, but its a rip!", "excellent product. I recommend it very colorful on-court set and provides the ankles Segurida a good accord and support for basketball practice. peerfectas colors bladed", "My grandson wore his new basketball shoes to win his championship.  He had smiles on his face and his feet moved as rapidly as his dribbling.  What more do I need to write?", "The seller of this product has excellent customer service skills. The product arrived ahead of schedule. These will be a Christmas present for my son. He has wanted these since they first came out. They were easy to locate online via Amazon. Paying for them was also simplicity at its best. I have a busy schedule. So shopping online is a must. The sneakers are what my son wanted.", "I bought these shoes thinking i was getting some good shoes, but i was wrong. These were some fake a** shoes. All the other people commenting saying these shoes were good and amazing, they obviously arent sneaker heads. These are not legit shoes and do not buy them unless you do not care about wearing fake shoes. I was the stupid one thinking it was smart to buy shoes off amazon, these are overpriced and fake. KD V retail for $115 and i bought these for $200!!! DO NOT BUY!!", "Kevin Durant loves video games and so do i. So when he made this shoe in inspiration of this love of video games, i had to buy them. He knows how to put his ideas into fashion.", "Bought these sneakers for my 11 year old sons birthday. We looked at every store in the mall and online and couldn't find the size/color he wanted. These were his 2nd choice, but he loved them the second he put them on. Delivery was quicker than expected which was a bonus. Arrived just in time for the big day!", "is so fit on my up foot but is confort so cushined very good color, the high is great . im glad", "just what I wanted, ecxelente product quality. play basketball has never been better with this model nike, recommend these shoes for those who want to go to the maximum", "This was exactly the pair of spring/summer shoes i wanted this year (next to the Griffey 360s in turquoise). It will be a fun summer and late spring when wearing these out and about i tell ya lol. Plus they fit great and were delivered with urgency, gracias Amaze-on", "I usually wear 11.5, and now its kinda small. also it is very narrow, i had to take out the sole.", "The KD V is a step up in performance from the KD IV, both of which are indeed great sneakers. What I like about the new KD V is the added support for your ankle; that incorporated with the light premium materials make it an ideal sneaker for any shooting guard. With a retail price of $115 makes this sneaker much more affordable than the Lebron X, Kobe 8, or any other pair of Jordan on today's market.I give this sneaker a solid 4 star review. My only knock on the sneaker is how tight it feels on the front end of your foot. That being said I recommend buying a half size up.", "As I said love this CW collection, but $158 for them you must be smoking something serious.  Good luck with that.", "I bought these pair of shoes thinking they were like tennis shoes, they seem to be, not arent. easy to clen, good choice for school uniform...!", "I loved the look of the shoe but they were just too small for me. Return process was simple and quick.", "these are very comfortable, reminds me of the first prestos. Even got complimented at the nike outlet on them . cool!!!", "This is my second pair.  The first pair wore longer than other shoes that I have used for my daily walks.  They fit my particle foot perfectly.", "I'm a female with ladies size 10.5 feet.,  I bought the men's shoe in size 9 and it fit perfectly.  The shoe itself is light, comfortable and perfect for running.  I have flat feet with a wider spread at across the toes but a narrow heel/ankle area.  I've found it hard to find a ladies running shoe that can accommodate these fitting concerns but this shoe does the trick.", "Reasonably attractive shoe, but the laces come untied constantly and the shoe is a bit stiff, so I have to really force my son's foot in there.  Accordingly, these shoes spend a lot of time in the closet.", "These shoes have all the features of shoes that are twice the price. They are perfect and I will purchase another pair when my work shoes wear out!", "My oldest son loved the colors and how well they fir for a constantly active teenager he was able to use them for over 6 month and still uses them today", "Great running shoes. They feel like you're walking on pillows. This is my third pair!! Will never buy another brand.", "Nike stopped making these back in 09 but these are the only shoes that I can do my dance routines in without feeling like they are too big or clunky on my feet.", "Sneakers are adorable and easy to put on a toddler that does not like anything on her feet! She has only worn them once or twice, so I can't yet comment on how they hold up with an active toddler, though they appear pretty sturdy and well made.", "Great fit, my daughter enjoys wearing them, especially when competing in sporting events.", "I had these lime green airmax when they first came out, super excited to have them again. Sneakers are perfect and the shipping was on time! Will do business again!", "They looked really bulky and fat/ Wide not like the store and I am not a big fan of returning items especially through the mail", "Brought a size 6.5 in boys size.... I a woman that wears a 8 in woman's... They r real and the same ones that r in the stores in Nyc.... I have 5 different colors n now this is number 6......", "I love these sneakers, which I owned many years ago. They're very comfortable to wear and I love the colors. Put them on as soon as I got them and wore them all day.", "I love love love the 95's.  It is my favorite sneaker and I've replaced this sneaker at least 5 times since they've come out.  They're comfortable, stylish and go with almost everything.  I've been searching for a replacement pair for months and was so happy when I found these (lots of knockoffs floating around).  These sneakers are a must have and they're also durable.", "They're a little snug around my son's feet, which aren't particularly wide.  However the length is as expected.  Very cushioned.", "Had these when they 1st came out. I wear a 6.5 in women and the 4.5 fits good. The sneaker is wider than other sneakers (Jordan's).", "i've always liked the style of the max 95 shoes. they make my feet look a little wide but i still wear them. great buy. they came on time and are as described", "Best sneakers and so comfortable. Absolutely delightful to wear them and would even buy another pair when I would need to.", "I order a pair every year and I love them more and more every year these are classics .. love them", "The fit really good and they are the real thing. I love the way they look on my feet. I just ordered them Friday and they came today when they said I was supposed to get them March 6.", "I love how comfortable these shoes are.  I did't doubt that they would be since I have over 30 pair of Nike Free Run shoes simply because of how comfortable and light weight they are.  I also like how these shoes slip right on and that there is no \"detachable\" tongue to them.  I know some people don't care for that detail and prefer a tongue that is not attached to the ankle part of the shoe because they find it easier to slip into and adjust to their foot properly, but I honestly have no issues with those things in this shoe.  There is plenty of space to get your feet in and then they still tie up tight enough for support and don't have slippage when being active in them.  I workout two hours a day and I love exercising in these shoes.  They are light weight, flexible, and just a great comfortable fit.", "Awesome shoe!!! they just run a little small. I'd order 1/2 size larger shoe if you're considering purchasing this shoe. Shipping was very prompt!!!", "Product is fine its just the colour, it is advertised as red and black and it is definitely, cerise pink and black.", "My son Loves them, these shoes made his Christmas.  Nice fit good comfort in the padded souls good buy all day.", "The style is very good. But too small, very tight. Sadly a purchase. This is the same size as before I buy but too tight.", "un par de zapatos que todo amante del soccer deberia tener, son de muy buena calidad, el dise&ntilde;o es exactamente igual al de las fotografias, me siento muy comodo cuando los uso, y los uso muy frecuentemente!", "Sexy comfy fits as expected", "Love these sneaker heels!!! This fit almost as expected, they were a tad narrow when I initially put them on. But loosened up to the shape of my feet. They are also superrrr comfy.", "I received tons of compliments on these sneakers. I love them and they are good for a casual. Not much of sneaker fan but these are great.", "Wife loved them, though did find them cheaper on another site. Probably not in this size, so I'm sure it was a good deal.", "Great comfy shoe that can be worn with a lot of things.Looks great. Fits true to size!Slightly difficult to loose, but problem just needs to be worn in.", "I normally wear a 7.5 in all Nike's but these ran just a little big. I will wear thick socks.", "Perfect.", "Bought them as a present for my wife and she loves them. Look really nice on her. Very good purchase", "Nike Women's Sneaker Wedge Dunk Sky HI PRM Black/Linen 585560-001 (SIZE: 8)...very good & very nicemy wife is very happy", "Its really narrow around the metatarsal bone and you need time to get usded to it or get it a bit expanded.The length is exact.", "Great looking shoe I've gotten so many complements. The fit is great also such a sexy sneaker! I have two different styles", "I really like these shoes! I wear heel 24/7 and high heels doesn't work for every outfit so this is a nice alternative.They were a little big and would have liked to try on the smaller size but once I got my laces comfy they were ok.I plan on ordering an all white pair next.", "Love them!got a lot of compliments. Fit great and comfortable. Want to get some more a different color. Try them.", "I love these shoes, I get a lot of compliments on them.  They were brand new, and fit perfectly. I love them", "Love it soooo much! Super cute! The color is amazing! Also very comfort and fit with any jeans or shorts.", "For a child with a narrow foot and heel.  Almost a perfect fit.  Child loves shoe and the the price was right.", "comfortable stylish light durable great for running traveling or the gym.. They feel like a parachute on a &#34;foam cloud&#34;", "great price, i will never buy shoes at stores anymore, way cheaper on amazon and if you know your size for Nike it will always fit", "It fit as expected", "Nike The Overplay VII we received are wonderful. Exactly what we wanted.", "Excelente producto Nike", "I bought these for my dad and he likes them perfect fit for his size 14 feet.", "mine has some weird grey stripe coloring around the top hole of the shoe. It is a completely different shoe from the Overplay VI which was really disappointing to me. Much less durable shoe. Lower quality", "Very nice looking shoe with NO support.  It felt like I was playing in Flip-flops.", "At first I thought they were gonna be too narrow for my feet but I put them on to get the feel of it and they stretched out on me,i guess like getting a new pair of jeans.Awesome shoes can't believe how light they are and very good grip for the court.", "Great fit and quality for the price.  I gave them as a gift and was well received.  They look really good too.", "KNEW WHEN I ORDERED THE SHOE I HAD THE RIGHT SIZE BUT MORE THAN LIKELY THEY WOULD FIT A LITTLE NARROW. SO I GOT JUST WHAT I EXPECTED. I WANTED THE WHITE AND I AM VERY HAPPY WITH THE SHOE.", "Really though, how can you go wrong with new Nikes, delivered to your door, for under $50?I work construction and wear these for work...I imagine they will hold up just like my previous Nikes, comfortable and durable for about 1 year.", "Thanks", "THE SHOE WERE A LITTLE SMALL BUT THEY WILL WORK OVER ALL THE PRODUCT IS FINE I SHOULD OF LOOKED AT THE SIZE BETTER", "This is my second pair and they fit, look and feel great. Amazon has some terrific products at very reasonable prices.", "Added black laces to match the side strip. It's a Nike what eles is there to say? These were just as pictured.", "Received my shoes right on time and they fit great.You can never go wrong with a 40.00 dollar pair of Nikes.I buy a lot of Nikes from Nike but I also get them fromAmazon and have never been disappointed with them.", "real nice shoes Nike they fit real good look good and they got to me a head of time ya", "We didn't have any problems with this order. The sneaker is very nice looking, but my husband thinks they're &#34;too flat&#34; although he won't let me return them!", "My son loves these shoes, he said the fit is great and has gotten quite a few compliments.  He said they feel great right out the box.  Thanks Amazon great gift.", "It is very comfortable and fit well with my foot. I like it and it is also cheaper than other shoes.", "My son plays basketball and needed new sneakers to exercise. He just loved his new shoes, because it is very comfortable, he felt safe playing with it. Recommend to basketball players.", "I really like my new Nike sneackers.  Great quality shoe, fair pricing, and fast shipping to boot.  What more can we ask for, right?  The sizing seems to run a little bit on the snug size.  I recommend 1/2 size larger on orders.  Thank you Amazon.com", "Really nice pair of sneakers its very comfortable and the size is great it looks very neat on my feet.", "These are a little tight ,but nice and tuff sneakers ,the next time I order Nike's I will get a half size larger,Nike's are always tighter than any other shoes, I wear a 10& a half ,with most shoes& sneaks but with Nike's I would wear an 11 or 11& a half,", "These are a really sharp looking pair of shoes. My son likes them a lot and says that they are really comfortable to wear.", "Perfect fit, great look, exceeded my expectations.  I hope they will be available when I need another pair...I'd buy them again without hesitation.", "These shoes are really nice. Simply as espected.verry happy with this product.soft from the inside and texture nice. Yay yay yay", "I like the pair of shoes. Its one of my best. Its simple and confortable to wear. I am planning to purchase another nike pair.", "Great shoe & cheaper than what you can get it for in the stores. I would recommend this to my friends", "like I said I did love the stile of the nikes, they were just a little to big. The white and blue nikie shoe is what I wanted", "Bought for my husband who likes the old high-tops.  These are the closest I can findbut he seems happy with these!", "It is real leather with good quality. However, it is more suitable for a pair of slim feet. I feel a bit tight since my feet are a little wide. My suggestion for later buyers is if you have a pair of slim feet, then try them on, and the price is quite reasonable.", "You can not beat the price of these. You can where them for everyday use or play ball in them.  They are very comfortable and are true to size.", "i bought these for my husband he's very picky over his shoes and he just loves these shoes the color and how they fit. I guess i'll be reordering them.", "This was a Christmas present for my dad and he loved them. They fit him just perfect!!! Merry Christmas yay", "Nice look fits well. Good price and love the style. Nike is always a good dependable shoe. Great for my Grandson for school.", "I think that Nike is the best shoe made for all sports. More expensive but worth every penny.  I love the selection.Scott LaBonte.", "Better price. Definitely will purchase these Nikes again. Bought for hubby n he loves them. Hubby didnt know differencefrom department store.", "Fit very well. Very confertable too. The price you can't beat, and they arrive very fast. Two thumbs up for these", "Won't be able to get any more of these.  These are the shoes that fit good and last.  Hope to find a replacementonce these are wore out.", "I like a clean, sturdy looking sneaker and this is exactly what I got. I badly needed a new pair of sneakers and the price was right. Well made, comfortable, even though it's a medium, I normally wear at least a wide width. I'm thinking about ordering another pair. i'm very pleased with this sneaker.", "this product takes to much time to get shiped. its to much time thats take this product more than a week and this product dont get shiped., I buy another shoes in the same time and they arrived two days ago", "I feel ok, although they are a little bit tight, but the size is the one I chose, so I think no problem. Good!", "no regrets... and everybody ask me where i got it......the colors match with mevery comfy........ so happy with them", "These shoes fit great at my normal size. I get compliments on how great these shoes look. .. especially here in Bulldog Country!  They are very light weight so it's almost like more wearing shoes. If you want a shoe that looks great, fits great, wears great and performs great... then this is the shoe for you.", "I bought two pairs for school gym for my twin daughters. Totally white. They such love them because comfort and light shoes. Thanks.", "This shoe is awesome looking! I love the white with grey! It is made good as all mike Jordan's are!", "I loved the look of this shoe but unfortunately they were to narrow for my feet. The colors and graphics looked exactly like the picture. Return was simple and hassle free.", "These shoes are really nice with just the right amount of kick. When my husband put them on his feet he was very happy. These Nikes were just what he needs to walk around the cruise ship and to go on excursions. We liked the price tag too. They are very comfortable shoes, stylish and just the right touch of swag. If you want your feet to feel good, I would recommend these Nike shoes.", "I bought this shoes and let me tell you, they are very comfortable shoes you will ever wear. I've been to a lot of shoe stores they all have low top shoes that make your feet hurt. I will recommend this shoes to anyone.", "This is the only pair  of this type of basketball shoe that i have ever seen. I cant find them anywhere else.They look sharp and are very comfortable.There is probably no point writing this review because there aren't anymore for sale anywhere on this site.", "my daughter loves her new basketball shoes. they fit great and perform very well. would recommend to anyone. very happy with the purchase.", "Consegu&iacute; estos calzados en oferta y sin pensarlo 2 veces los compre, soy de Venezuela y aqu&iacute; desde hace mucho tiempo no hay calzados de cuero genuino  y con tan buen acabado como este y mas aun por un precio tan bajo, al recibirlos quede impresionado con la buena calidad del mismo,se ajustan perfectamente al pies y al caminar se puede sentir la gran comodidad..lo recomiendo ampliamente.", "Nice shoe.  Light and comfortable, but fits a little tight.  The only problem I have is with the tongue, where it is stitched on to the shoe it bunches.  It folds the wrong way so I have to adjust it before tying.  Over all I like the shoe, but should have replaced it before I wore them.  Maybe a new pair would not have the issue with the tongue.", "the really fit well as expected. i LOVE IT", "light weight and sharp", "Was exactly what he wanted and they fit great! He is happy!! :)Excellent find he wanted just white nikes and these were a great find. Hard to find anything in thestores that doesn't have a lot of colors and these are like the ones he wore years ago....LOL", "It is very light and fits perfectly.I specially like logo color for i will wear it with my suit", "the nike free powerlines are stylish and are extremely comfortable. they have excellent arch support and i love the colors. Just remember to order 1 size up and you'll be fine.", "exactly what i wanted...very cute...very lightweight...super comfortable...product came quickly...i ordered a half size bigger than my normal size, like i read in the reviews & that worked perfectly for me...very satisfied :)", "my son love it, very good material and nice look, my son love it, very good material and nice look", "My 15 year old son had wanted these cleats, they are super light weight and comfortable. He is a size 13 and this is not an easy size to get. He loves them and would highly recommend them to any soccer player.", "Buen producto de optima calidad, llego todo en buen estado, le queda perfecto a mi hijo, muchas gracias. Pronto comprare otro para mi otro hijo.", "My son loves these. We could not find these in the stores so happy to find at amazon. Will buy another pair when he grows out of these. I think NIKE runs a tad smaller than other brands. He usually wears a 13 and I had to buy these in a 1. Also factor in the socks are often a bit thick. Reccomend.", "sorry but is to largeit was nice but unfit.the size is okthe color is nice and suiteI love itgood quality", "very happy with product", "I purchased these for my son who was raving over them.  I was surprised at how lightweight they are.  No the most sturdy looking or feeling shoe but he likes it and it is still holding up pretty good.  I gave it 5 stars because my son really loves them and they were for him so I figured if he was pleased, that's all that matters.", "Boy... Where do I start?I purchased these shoes in the summer, and I've only worn them ONCE. Understanding that they are a primarily indoor basketball shoe, outdoors will be pure HELL. I made the mistake of wearing them once on a outdoors court, and will never do it again. The shoe seems to fit when you first try them on, but the inside sole of the shoe is built with a weird hard material around the toes (not to mention that it's also pointy on the toes), which makes it hard to run up and down the court because your feet are constantly rubbing on the hard inner sole, causing blisters. I remember wearing them for 2 games and immediately taking them off to play in my Vans. My Vans are more comfortable than wearing these Nikes, which is sad. I like the ankle support in these shoes, but the inner sole kills the whole idea of wearing these shoes for me.However, the seller of these shoes was very fast on shipping, and had no problems during the buying/shipping process. Product was in great shape (completely new shoes).With that being said, I do not recommend these shoes at all.", "They fit to size. They are very comfortable. I love the Nike brand especially for basketball sneakers. I recommend these shoes to anyone.", "A Jordan lover finally found another sneaker that he loves. My son loves the fit and said they are super comfortable. I hope to find other colors for him.", "This product fits perfect for my size 10, it is very comfortable and feet have a lot of stability. I recommend it for street basket.", "I gotta break em in but they are cool and all black unlike all that colorful mess the kids wear", "i just buy this product in color black and white and arrive all black, and has some scratches on the mark of nike..,item arrive fast.", "My son has owned other Nike slide sandals and has loved them all. This was no exception. He loves how comfortable they are and \"stylin\"  Great for a teen or young adult.", "Awesome Slides.  These flip flops are comfortable and stylish.  Sizing runs true to form.  Highly recommend them to anyone who wants to look good while being comfortable!", "Shipping was quite fast(came 2 days before expected day) with a great product. These shoes are great I wear these almost every day. was scared at first because of the size(I'm a 12 in these kind of suede shoes. So i bought my same size and it fit perfectly snug.", "Great shoe, really like the comfort of it. Feels good and not cheap like a lot of the other shoes. Really helped me cut quicker on court.", "Personally, I love the way these look, but they're also very comfortable.  They come with additional white laces, so I intertwined the white and black and relaced the sneakers.  It took me about an hour, but I've gotten many compliments since.  I would definitely recommend these.", "I chose this rating because it's the truth! The shoes fit perfectly, the colors were perfect as shown in original picture. Thanks so much these are his basketball shoes!", "This shoes were just what I had been looking for for the past five years, perfect, just wonderfull, perfect yes", "These were one of my favorites. Made for men but very pretty and can look girly if worn right. Shiny white on the plain white gives it a dressy look. White nikes go with anything!", "Poorly made. Visable glue. Probably counterfit Jordans", "I picked the size that fits well on my foot depending on nike sizes but when I put it on it was smaller", "When i first bought these they rubbed up against the back of my ankle painfully when i walked.  Took a couple of weeks for the cloth the soften and my ankles to go numb.  Not sure if that's supposed to happen.  It made me skeptic so i checked the tag on the inside only to find that the stitching attaching the tag to the shoe has sewn the tag in half so i can't even read the bar code or the upc.  Seems a little fishy but the sneaker looks authentic.  Delivery was just fine and fit was just fine as well.", "They are very comfortable while walking around and very cool shoes overall.But box was damage but not the shoesGreat for the price.", "The only thing I don't like about this shoe is that the yellow part on the side has a different type of material then the rest of the shoe. It's a polyester soft type. I could not see that in the picture and don't really like the combination of it. The colors are a nice bright yellow which I like. The fit is a bit tight but I am sure it will wear itself out.", "The shoes actually came to me in perfect condition as if I hand picked them. I bought the black and yellow and royal blues. They fit as supposed too and came really quick, after 3 days it showed the product was still in California but in reality they were at my front door that day after work.I reccomend this company to anyone who like Jordan mids.", "the shoe came kinda late but is fine, the shoe fits and it also come with a coupon on your next order...", "Just received the shoes today. They look classy and hot at the same time. THe carbon fiber parts are really shiny, so although its a white shoe it will definitely stand out. Grey sole goes nicely with the shoes. Love these shoes, looks like the shoes wont be that difficult to clean since the carbon fiber is plastic. I just love the clean look of the shoes.", "Great shoes!!!  They fit well.  I don't wear them all the time but when I do, I get load of compliments.  I would recommend them for anyone who likes J's", "It is very difficult to find a size 13 men's shoe for a 12 year old boy. The shoe is very well made and durable giving the foot all the support it needs. It is very stylish too! A great buy!", "I ordered this online and was nervous because it was a birthday gift but it was just as stated in the ad", "They were for my son. Excelent quality. The color is like we expected. Very good product. My son likes them.", "Got these as a Christmas gift for my nephew and he hasn't stopped raving about them. Two enthusiastic thumbs up!", "i didnt buy these shoes through amazon but i did buy myself a pair thru champs and i gotta say they are really cool. ive gotten a lot of compliments on them and ive put them thru hell and theyve survived cleaned up real nicely and im still rockin them", "the sizes run a little small. they are comfortable. the color is good and the price on them are okay ive seen them in stores for less but they don't have the blue ones like this and that is what i really love about the shoe. i would recommend", "ok", "Picked these shoes up at the local Nike store, 100% authentic. Got them for $69.99 there, so if you can get into a footlocker/Nike store then I would recommend getting them there instead of online - you'll get them quicker, can try them on, and they'll be cheaper.As for the actual review:-PROS--Very comfortable-Very clean, solid shoe-Looks great. Exactly as pictured.-Fits perfect, the size doesn't run small/large, should fit exactly as it says-Made of great material-Doesn't crease easily!-Quick to break in-Durable shoe-Nice cushioning with the insoles-Has a high tongue-Seems to conform to your foot slightly-CONS--Shoe is very tight when you first get it out of the box, very hard to put on (loosen the laces and you're fine)-Sort of squeaks when you walk in it sometimes. Can be noticeably loud in some cases.-Very stiff when you first get it, but after you break it in, it's fine.-Laces are kind of long in my opinion, not a huge deal at allOverall, despite the cons, I certainly give them 5 stars. The cons are easily dealt with (pretty much all of them go away once you break it in, and you can stuff the laces inside the shoe if you don't need to tie them) and the shoe is just awesome overall. Definitely a good deal if you can snag it at the local Nike/shoe store. For $70, you can't beat it. Get these shoes.", "I bought these as a birthday gift for my son in-law and ive never seen him happier. He was excited that they matched his sons little jordans. match made in heaven.", "I loved these shoes I only  ordered them slightly smaller I am currently in the process with the company to see if I can send them back to exchange them for a half size bigger and let me tell you their customer service seems really quick they replied to my email the same day, and seems like we might work something out I greatly recommend these shoes as well as the company !", "I have had these for almost 2 years and there's no signs of wear and tear. They look and feel great.", "I absolutely loveeeee these shoes!!! they were brand new when they arrived and I have 2 pair. I know its crazy but white shoes mess up fairly quickly and I always like to have a fresh back up pair.", "A little stiff, but once broken in, feel pretty good.  More for looks. IF they hold up, they will earn the 5 stars.oh.  If you're going to wear them a lot, get some arch supports to slip in.  Very flat sole.", "there were two right foot shoes in the box. There was not a shoe for the left foot. These shoes should have been packaged better", "He loved them. They was a total surprise. They kind of went with the NASCAR JACKET I got for him, also.", "I bought these for my son.  They fit him perfect and he loved them.  The color and description was as described.", "These are the best Kobes ever.  5s, 6s, no matter - these are the best.  Wish I could get them again.  Lots of positive comments from fellow ballers.", "I ordered these shoes before school started and they came in just before and were perfect.  They re exactly like what they would be like if you ordered them in the store, very fresh shoes ! I wouldn't hesitate to order another pair of shoes from Amazon !!", "The shoes are very nice.  The sizing runs a little big so if you order them I would suggest ordering atleast 1 size smaller or atleast 1/2 size smaller than normal.", "I have the synthetic version of these cleats.  I really liked them, they fit well and molded to my feet.  Unfortunately, after 18 months of playing two times a week, the synthetic fabric torn on the outside of the shoe near the widest part of the foot where the fabric meets the sole.  I was hoping they would last longer than 18 months. I suspect this cleat is a little too narrow for my foot, my foot is slightly wider than average.  So, if you feet are of a normal width, they should last longer.", "My daughter has worn this particular model of shoe in the past for soccer. She has found it to be comfortable, durable and an excellent performer with features she really likes. She was happy to find this particular shoe that is &#34;an older model&#34; for soccer and kicking for football. It is an excellent shoe and we are glad we were able to find it here!", "I bought these for my grandson who plays varsity high school soccer. He love the fit and says they perform really well.  I like them because they cost me almost $100 less than I could find them anywhere else.  I orderd them on Monday and received them on Thursday, so the processing and delivery time was outstanding.  Great product and service!", "Good fit and arrived on time.  No surprises about the style.  The color described says \"Solar Red\" but the color is basically hot pink, which is what I wanted, but may not be what YOU want.  Definitely not \"red\" if that is what you are shopping for.Women:  If you wear a 8.0 in Nike Women's sizes, you'll prob. be a 6.5 in boys sizes.  Try it! Much cheaper and gives you more style/color variety!", "I've been in love with these sneakers for over 10 years. You cannot go wrong with an old school pair of air max 95's. Item arrived on time and as described. The shoelace eyes are hot pink, which I loved. Comfortable sneaker.", "These shoes are great. The sizing actually runs true to size rather than other styles running a little on the small side.", "The shoes are great. Just as described. My son wont stop running in them. They fit him very well. Its a plus that there are no laces to tie! These jordans are a good deal for anyone who cannot break the bank, but still want their kids to look sharp. Tey fit him great with just enough room for his little toes. A must have have!", "These running  shoes are for my wife, and believe me, she is difficult due to a big foot. The best of all? they fitted perfectly", "I love these shoes. They fit perfect. Are very comfortable....my feet are complainers!!!! Also, they look very dressy. I just wish you could purchase them in blue jean blue. The shipper was very fast.", "I would return these if I could but I missed the 30 day deadline. I was so annoyed by these shoesI couldn't even bear to look at them for a month when I received them. The shox I had a few years agowere the best running shoes I ever owned and I have been trying to replace them since but Nike no longersells them in stores.The heel on these shox are made of such a stiff unforgiving plastic there is no shock absorption at all...just shocking discomfort.The inside chafes and the leather upper is stiff and unforgiving.And they were very expensive.So bummed at the inferior product and annoyed at myself for not returning them immediately as now I am stuck with them.", "These are so awesome, my feet are so comfortable during my walks/runs in these shoes. No more heel pain for me.", "I have to return these because they were a little too heavy for my foot other than that the style looked very nice.", "I wore these one time and the plastic part over the toe started to crack on the inside. Now there is a big line across the toe. They fit good and look cute other than the line. The plastic part over the toe is transparent, so you can see your sock through the plastic part. I like them enough not to take them back but, it would have been nice to be warned about this problem before I spent $70 on these.", "Need to get more of these sneakers. These are the old time favorites. Always run out of everyone's sizes fast.Must order your true size....", "Hi there,I bought this tennis shoes, awesome!!great fit, looks very niceI'm a happy customer, I recomend it a 100%", "The shoes fit well and were exactly what I was looking for.  They arrived on time and easy packaging to open as well.", "Bought this shoe for my son who plays tennis on a high level. He loves them, great support and stability. The only 'negative' is that even though the inner drag part is reenforced it wears out fast and that part is not covered under the outside sole guarantee.(My son tends to slide on any court he plays on) But a trip to the shoemaker and $10 did wonders.I would definitely buy these shoes again. One of the better ones out there.", "I am Nike fun more than 10 years,It is first time, I felt it is not good product of Nike.The plastic of cover could touch or hurt ankle when you wore it and run to play tennis.maybe it is cause by the plastic too hard, so you will feel a stick continue to hit the ankle.", "Recently I needed to buy a new pair of running shoes and was a little hesitant to go for a \"name brand\" like Nike; my old running shoes are Saucony's. I tried on one pair of Nike's (I can't remember the style) that were about $15 cheaper than the Dual Infusion ST 2's and the difference was amazing. The DUST 2's are some of the most comfortable, form fitting shoes I've ever had. They were easy as hell to break in, I walked around in them all day for about 2 days then immediately ran 4 miles in them on the 3rd day with no discomfort whatsoever. The material used in the shoe is breathable, they are extremely light weight and just an all around solid shoe. Hope this review helps!", "Beautiful, beautiful shoes, although I have just wear them, they are very comfortable and affordable... I always wanted to have a Pegasus model so I am really happy with them.", "Great comfort and great color combination. My brother in-law will love these slide's. He's a big fan of Livestrong brand......", "Muy buenos y bonitos y el precio definitivamente es muy bueno para el producto es todo lo que esperaba recibir.", "My nike is totally a great product, so comfortable after removing the spike competely, as it was too high. It's well designed and durable with a very smooth inside for comfort. I totally recommend it!", "Brazil - Gramado - Rio Grande do SulStart the price and the style of this shoes. for running and all day long. I do recommend", "I bought these about 6 mths ago and they are holding up well. They are super comfy and get noticed. The description says leather, but there is no leather on them. I knew that, so that didn't bother me. But, if you are buying them for that reason, beware. Definitely worth the money, I actually paid more than what they are now. I use them for Turbofire and love that they have good arch support!", "These shoes are fire. I love these shoes. They look so cute on my son's feet. Paired with his gray Montreal Expos snapback hat he was the envy of all his friends.", "I have very flat feet, and as a result put my medically customized orthotics in any shoes I wear. With the orthotics, I find that shoes with a neutral platform work best. I've tried many.The Nike Free Run+ line has consistently been amazingly comfortable for me, from walking to running to working out at the gym. The sole is flexible, the upper is light and comfortable, and I love the sock-style tongue (not a separate thing).The fact that they have brilliant colors, and that they're customizable if you buy them from the NikeID store, makes them my first choice.", "Cool shoe. Very comfortable and stylish. Would definitely order in many colors. I wear these to work and they are perfect.", "These shoes are a Christmas gift for my son and I opened the product to check them and they are very nice shoes!!! This seller is very good as well. I ordered these shoes on 11/22/11 and received free shipping and got them today, 11/23/11... All I can say is \"WOW\". Great product and great seller!!!", "Fits true to size and held up very well with constant wear. Easy to wipe clean, doesnt show dirt like lighter shoes. Very fast delivery and packaged nicely. Arrived earlier than expected.", "YA RECIBI LOS ZAPATOS PARA MI HIJO SON MUY BONITOS IGUALES A LA FOTO GRACIAS.SON UN MODELO QUE AQUI EN MI PAIS NO LOS HE VISTO DISE&Ntilde;O COMODO Y SOBRE TODO MUY ORIGINALES EN CUANTO AL DISE&Ntilde;O", "I gave these to my Son for Christmas, and he absolutely loved them. Which made me so happy because I couldn't afford the more expensive ones and these were right on budget. They run about a 1/2 size bigger than most tennis shoes, my Son is a size 6 now, but I knew they ran a little bigger from a previous purchase, so I figured 5 1/2 would work.", "This is an awesome shoe! Fits well and holds your foot secure with a built in ankle neoprene front/rear tongue pull tab, which is made out of thick durable stretchy neoprene. Very durable, but the shoe slights bends on the side by the toe box. i haven't had the shoe long enough to know if it will crease n tear. Other than that, very comfy and so far seemingly well made!", "We got these shoes as groomsmen gifts so the boys all had matching shoes. They fit well in a range of sizes.  They were comfortable enough (as Jordan's are) for them to wear all day and didn't look like they were wearing sneakers to a wedding!", "I wear a size 13 they fit great and the material is leather. Just a average shoe not worth 100 bucks", "I GOT THESE DUE 2 THE FACT MY MAN ALWAYS IN NIKES.. HE PICKED THESE OUT FOR ME & I'M HAPPY 2 SAY THAT, I WILL BE GETN NIKE SHOX FROM NOW ON!!! LOVE MY SHOES...", "Bought These for my husband for his Birthday! I LOVE Air Max, and now he does too. Great addition to his Wardrobe.", "Awesome lightweight shoe that my husband loves. Authentic Nikes that are true to size and he can wear them for work or play.", "Muy buena compra, unos zapatos muy c&oacute;modos y excelentes para un buen partido de basketball. Recomendable para todos, llegaron muy bien ac&aacute; a Ecuador.", "These have been wonderful shoes. Looking at the sole they are nearly worn out and I'm on Amazon looking for the same pair.  Many compliments - I use them just as casual shoes for walking- excellent breathability - with the mesh. Have had compliments and feel ok wearing them with jeans/ shorts- whatever. My go-to tennis shoe.", "These are comfortable, lightweight shoes that look better in person. They are breathable as well and have very good stability. I use them for walking and running, but also to just go out because they look great. For hardcore runners, I wouldn't recommend them, as even though they are light, they aren't as light as other, pricier shoes. They are true to size and they look like they will be fairly durable. The toe area could use a little bit more cushion, but I also have long, thin toes. I do like this shoe and recommend it.", "I bought these in the store. I got them a little bigger than my sons feets but they are adjustable in the back and on sides for narrow or wide feet. Best shoes ever for summer time. Work great in water", "still trying to return and trying to get the right size may or may not buy them again... don't understand why this is sso hard.", "Excellent quality!! I love these new kicks. They are comfortable and the purple looks great. Perfect size and everythinh if you are a size 6.5.", "Very good value for the price. They adjust very well to your ankle and don't feel your foot loose. Sole doesn't look very thick, though, so I believe it's better not to use them very often on pavement courts.", "I too bought these and my son has only worn them a month and the red part on bottom of shoe is coming off!  I would not buy this product!  Its not with the money i decided to splurge and buy my kids nice shoes something i thought would last longer boy was a wrong!  Nike needs to be told of this problem.  I bought mine thru jcp.com and i have emailed them and sent them pictures not happy with this product! I wouldnt even give this a one rating but you have to rate it!", "I bought these sneakers for my active 14 year old son. The suede-like material ripped from rubber sole on the inside side of the sneaker from the ball of the toe to the heel within two months of wear. Also the red rubber sole was separating in the middle of the shoe. I was very disappointed in the quality of these Nike shoes. I would have expected them to last longer. I would not buy these again.", "And wow oh wow do they make his feet look hot. Very young very comfortable and stylish. The right color to go with his Philadelphia Eagles!", "HOW COME THERE IS NO SIZE 10.5 FOR THIS NIKE ZOOM HYPERDUNK 2011 TB BASKETBALL SHOES...PLEASE I WILL BUY SIZE 10.5....I REALLY LIKE IT...FIRST SHOE THAT REALLY FEEL COMFORTABLE FOR ME WHEN IM PLAYING. SO AWSOME...MAKES ME COMPLETE ON THE COURT.....I REALLY LIKE IT...SO IS IT POSSIBLE TO MAKE TEH SIZE 10.5 AVAILABLE..COLOR BLUE WHITE, RED WHITE, LIGHT GREEN WHITE, YELLOW WHITE....THANKS A LOT IF ITS HAPPENING....", "I've had the hardest time locating these exact shoes in my size for the longest time. I'm so glad to have found them and in brand new condition, not used. I was extremely happy the day they arrived in the mail =)", "Just look at the design and color.  Very easy to break in, comfortable and high ankle support.  Seller sells authentic merchandise.  Recommend these kicks!", "Didn't realize these were coming from out of the country.  Having to go to the post office to pick these up was a hassle!", "Be aware that these are for very muddy (soft) ground. Otherwise, you will hurt your feet or even worse, your knees.But other than that, very solid, resistant and extremely good looking boots. Would recommend!", "These things became uncomfortable to wear after just a couple of months. I am disappointed with the quality of how these wore so quickly. Nike can do much better.", "I love this shoe and how it not like any other on the market. Wish I could get them in yellow and black.", "Best shoe ever gotten!", "Fit like a glove and can be worn all day!  The Comfort Air is made for the street not the court!  My company colors!  Thank you!", "Like them alot fit well but not for everyone,this is the kind of sneakers u want to try at a store first not like me but i enjoy them glad i bought them.", "Loved these shoes, best looking Jordan's out in my opinion. Well worth the buy. Very comfortable and pretty stylish too", "The shoes are nice . Cant say  much for the box. They came in a damaged smashed box. Luckily it didnt affect the shoes. The shoe strings though do not match. Other than that would recommend the shoes :)", "I like da purchase i made i am completely satisfied with wat a received and in da amount of time received my ordered. ..I will purchase again from them", "GREAT SHOES..worth 5 star rating what can i say these are air jordan shoes so nothing else to debate as they are worth every penny any child loves", "I love these shoes. They go so well with everything. They are super comfortable too. I already have a pair of Grey Jordan Growns (the v.2 high ones), but the carbon fiber design on this was can't miss!", "At first i wasnt sure the were gunna be exactly like in picture and that thy might be fake but i was completely wrong when i got them i checked every thing and they are legit and look amazing im happy to have bought them for my little princess", "love the colors they fit her great and she also the shoes diffently buying more shoes off of here  thanks!", "Was looking everywhere for these super excited to find them and they are just to precious my little one loves them", "My 4 year loves the shoes. They are even cuter than I expected. They fit her well and went perfect with her bday outfit!", "I bought these for my son and he lovery them very comfortable, true to size and they were brand new! Thanks", "it was light and fits perfectly.  good for walking and comfortable. fit was perfect and not too tight and average support.", "The picture looks better than the actual shoe. The quality is good, just not the right running shoe for me . they are however great for a walking shoe.", "excellent shoes, my friend loved them because they are very comfortable, fresh, soft and very good quality. are ideal for sports, because they are durable, they are also practical", "The Jordan v.9's are an ok shoe. The only downside to them to me is that they're uncomfortable on my feet. I don't have wide feet at all and I had to really squeeze my feet in them. They literally suffocate my feet. If I had wide feet I would not be able to get my feet into them. I've read that the shoes seams started ripping out after two weeks of wear but I probably won't be wearing these shoes much . I may give them away. I highly recommend buying the Jordan v.2's instead of these.", "Love Nike but not really a &#34;JORDAN&#34; fan, but what can I say, It's a sporty shoe that was very reasonably priced!! LOVE THEM!", "These shoes fit true to size and are so comfortable!  I wear them to Body Pump and haven't tried to run in them yet (I prefer more support in my running shoe).  I walked a few miles in them and had no issues.  Plus they are cute! :)", "Purchased these after receiving my Nike Free Run 3's from the Nike Store.  I'm having to return the 3's, but love the 2.0's.  The 3's have a rubber overlay around the the middle of the shoe that constricts my foot and causes painful rubbing on the top of my foot.  The Free TR Fit 2.0 doesn't have the rubber overlay and fits perfect.  I just stocked up with three more pairs.", "So wonderfully comfortable and I even have a bunyon.  Very true to size. The pink color is brighter than the pictures show but still cute. I walk and ride bicycles for exercise and these were great for both.  I love that they are so lightweight and cool.", "I go through workout shoes like crazy, had tried many different brands and types but must say these are the most comfortable works out shoes I've ever owned.  I go to the gym in them, run and do Zumba and they feel like I don't have any shoes on at all.  I would highly recommend these, especially if you run.", "These are the most comfortable workout shoe EVER!  This is my 2nd pair I've bought... definitely worth the money. Your feet will thank you!", "I like the Nike Free shoes but the shoe in the picture was not exactly what I received.  The picture here shows a light pink and the shoes that I received had this neon hot pink (which I am not too fond of) but I kept them because the shoes are extremely comfortable.", "Very cute.. very comfortable and light.. have held up great, purchased in July and have also washed several times.  Would definately recommend!", "Bought these for my daughter who is in U12 futsal (similar to indoor soccer). She likes traction and that you can feel the ball really well through the shoe. She says that they are the most comfortable shoe she has for soccer. They are very low profile which makes it easy for her to chip the ball. 6 of the girls on the team bought the shoes after they tried my daughter's", "So, I ordered what I thought was a wide shoe and my foot hurts in them I'm a decent sized guy but wanted to get in shape while deployed. Where I am at there are no stores, not a PX, BX, or an exchange. So, I ordered my shoes with the idea that I was ordering a 10 normal and got a 9. I checked the site after the order was completed and it said 9. So, it was a glitch in the button on the site. Maybe the script was written wrong. Every pair of shoes I own is a size 10 and don't think I would have made that mistake. As we don't have mail for anything besides letters in Afghanistan, I couldn't have even tryed to send them back. So, now I am stuck with a 100 dollar pair of shoes that don't even fit.", "They are comfy, and no shoe laces is great! They can be a little hard to put on, but they look good!", "Aye man i dun copped me a pair uh deez and homiee lemme tell ya deyzz nicee. I look flya denz a frizbee in deez clockas. Deez will make you fresh da deth and on fresh fit friday you aint got nuttin to worrybout LoccTru Loke will spit you a verse how deez  shoez is fresh like a apple when i stepp down the coress like a snapple napple gz wanna be and foos wanna see me cuz deez shoes iz so fresh like a lady in a bakini", "I have been looking for these shoes everywheree n have only been able to find them here. Please put up more sizes so I can finally have a pair of these fresh sneakers !!!!!!", "They were a little stiff before I broke them in but beyond that they are great shoes. I like that they are Jordans and they are casual enough to wear to work without drawing attention to myself.", "It's not leather, is plastic. Made in CHINA and the sizes are all wrong.I bought these shoes to the seller Watch Colony, ordered according to the size chart that appears on the page, size 7. Although they say size 7 shoes are extremely small. Maybe it size 6 or 5.5. Try every possible way they changed the shoes and did not. As I live outside the U.S. pay high shipping cost (almost double what they cost shoes). And I came to nothing because Chinese plastic shoes are small and I do not use anymore.", "I really liked the older CB2 shoes for the fit and support they provided. I was initially disappointed when this pair arrived as the shoe has been changed from older versions. They no longer have the buckle for the top strap it is now only a Velcro piece, however, they still fit well and are just as comfortable as the older versions.", "Bought these for my adult daughter and although had to return the first pair because of sizing....she absolutely loves them.  They are beautiful and very comfortable.", "This is a good-looking shoe, but it is not a comfortable shoe, and definitely not a performance shoe.  I was really suprised that the Air Jordan brand would produce such a low quality product.  The upper is a stiff synthetic material, and the soles feel thin and squishy.  These shoes do not deserve the jumpman logo.", "These shoes are amazing, they are extremely lite and feel like your running bare foot, all from the design to the technicality of this shoe it's superb, 5 out of 5 stars!...", "It's hard to find running shoes in size 18.  I was very relieve to finally find some NIKE running shoes.  Great comfort and stability.  Thanks Amazon!", "Great buys, shoes are miss marked so I had to by from UK sizing to get a better fit than US sizing.", "I have had these shoes for over 2 years, running 3-4 times a week. I do quite a bit of cross training and these are my go to shoes for distance. I do hills and flats and they perform well during both. wonderful grip when you open up your stride. I recommend these to any runner and even to non runners (they are that comfy). fit and finish was excellent as would be expected from Nike and the shoes wore down slowly.", "This is a good shoe for someone who doesn't put in a lot of miles running or who is a walker. It is nicely cushioned and the fit will work for most people. May not be the best choice for a serious runner but it is a good basic multi-use shoe.", "I highly recommend this running shoes. They really met my expectations regarding comfort, impact, lightness and stability. The only problem is that they make my feet stink. But other than that they're very awesome.", "I like Nike and Asics shoes, but I think that Nike shoes are more light than Asics. Although you have to consider that Asics seems better made and has more cushion. I like to train with asics and race with Nike, because they are lighter.I was very impressed with this Nike Pegasus 28 it is great for long distance training, by long distance I consider more than 10 miles. It is very light and the cushioning is great. I used to practice with Nike Lunarglide 3 which I was very disappointed. But Nike Pegasus made me like Nike again!The longest practice that I've ran with Nike Pegasus 28 was almost 15 miles and the cushioning was still great! It made my Asics Nimbus feel like I was running with weights in my feet.I hope that this review may help people who are undecided!", "those are a good adquisition, I'm overweight person and I use them specially to dayly use. The only problems was that they did not arrive on time but rest of it was ok.", "These shoes are size 9 man, bone 10 women, i.e. 27cms, according to information of the Nike Board, should take account of this when buying them, the description is incomplete should say 9 = Man or 10 = Women.", "If you like minimalist, lightweight shoes, these are a great choice.  I purchased them as my first pair of crosstrainers for my new gym membership.  I use them for everything I do there: elliptical, treadmill, and zumba class.  They are so comfortable that I forget to take them off hours after working out.  And of course, with the eye catching color, I receive numerous compliments every time I wear them.  Great looking shoe, and totally fits the bill for all kinds of exercise.", "I bought this shoe to my friend who is a big soccer fan. He's so please with it and now he can practice every day with no worries as he says :).", "I love these shoes! Nice fit, very comfortable, and very stylish! I would recommend them to anyone who is as active as me and loves a nice pair of running shoes that can keep up!", "excelente  el producto me llego a tiempo  la talla y el modelo perfecto gracias  desde venezuela beso gracias gracias gracias", "These sneakers are great and I love wearing them for more than running.  I would recommend them and the price is reasonable.", "Made in China gets a whole new meaning with products like this:  Rubber and plastic are probably the only materials that gone into this product. If you want something nice do yourself a favor and keep shopping.", "These shoes are very comfortable. They are  true to size and look very nice. They arrived very fast and in new condition. Would definately order from seller again. If you are looking for a good priced and comfortable shoe, this is the one.", "Comfortable shoes, nice look, and true to size.  Good price, quick service and I am now all set to run.", "I love these shoes and receive compliments on them all the time. Who would think of getting compliments on tennis shoes?  Trust me you do with these.  They are extremely comfortable.  I wish all shoes were like this comfortable, stylish and made well.", "I bought these shoes for my daughter for Christmas and she really liked them. They fit as expected and arrived on time.", "This is the first time I've purchased Nike shoes in almost a decade and I regret it.  Within days of wearing these shoes, my right foot along the tongue of the shoe began to swell.  I tried different socks, restringing the shoelaces and nothing helped.  My foot hurts days after I stopped wearing them.  I've never had a problem with any running shoes like this ever in my life and I run about 15 miles a week.  I was trying to save money, big mistake.  I'll be going back to Asics.", "Love the style and very comfortable. Exactly what I was looking for! Very pleased with these shoes! Can be worn for casual wear or a workout.", "all good the shoes are verry pretty, arribve on time, all good any problems with this, shoes of best quality", "I bought these exact pair of shoes a few years ago and still have them. I wear them everywhere and they are still in great condition. I workout, hike and walk in them. They are very comfortable and have a lot of cushion. I would highly recommend these shoes to anyone. I LOVE THEM!!", "me encantan estos zapatos son super lindos y muy muy comodos me encantan estos zapatos son super lindos y muy muy comodos", "I have two bad knees but still love to workout on the treadmill.The \"Nike Reax\"is the best running shoe I've ever had.There so light,but the supports there.You will LOVE this shoe.", "My boy is loving his shoes. It fits perfect and are very confortable. They look so pretty . I like it so much.", "This is my second pair of these. The fit is a little tight at first but I have come to love them. They will stretch out just enough to make a perfect fit. I'm wearing them right now and they are always the first choice boots.", "The Nike Tailwinds have been a staple on my feet for years.  To find a pair at such a great price was a joy to my feet.", "I have owned Nike Tailwinds in the past for my bad feet and I have always loved them.  I love the Tailwind having air throughout the entire shoe, not just in the heel. I decided to try a pair of cheap Asics and I am sorry that I did.  The Asics wore out quickly and caused my heels to hurt after runs or long walks.  So, I am back to my Nike Tailwinds and my feet have not hurt since.  The only thing I will say about them is this; they look just like the picture above.  They are grey, white and neon pink- not \"red\" as described.  I can live with the neon pink knowing that my feet love these shoes.", "I thought these would be better than they are. They provide almost zero stability as when run a lot of foot movement. They do have decent cushioning, but as someone who runs 1/2 marathons, these aren't for heavy running. I have no learned I will not get Nike's to run. Sticking with Asics.", "I love these shoes. They support my large frame and heavy stride with ease. Sometimes (I have owned 7 or 8 pair) the tread comes off easily. These are not made as well as they used to be. Also, the color description said black/silver/red....they are very grey and very orange.", "The red looks pink. The color is deceiving ... But very comfortable I'd suggest a deeper red than wn this", "I ordered matching Jordans for my husband and son, my husband has worn his but my son has yet to fit in his.  My husband loves these shoes and it is easy to match them to almost any outfit!", "My grandson loved these Jordans, and the color was excellent, as it did not show up at school with other kids wearing the same thing. Living in a small population, there is always a tendency of other kids wearing the same kind.", "I love these shoes!  The soles are so flexible and they help to save my feet and my money.  I'm an avid runner who runs 3 miles about 4 times a week.  I'm constantly replacing shoes.  With these Freeruns, I replace them half as often as my previous pairs of running shoes which has so far saved me a ton of money.  I think I've finally found my perfect shoe!", "great shoes good for just walking all my friends are envious of these shoes some say there a bit stiff but perfect for me easy to clean (live near a forest mud dirt bricks great to clean)", "The product feels good. It's lite, it allows me to run with comfort. In all, this is a great buy and a great shoe.", "I ordered a seven seven, which I have been wearing in Nike Lunar Eclipses for awhile. However, these fit a bit too loosely. I have wide feet in general and these actually felt too wide, even though they were normal width shoes.Something I didn't realize that may help prospective buyers: the shield/rain guard makes the shoes less breathable. My shoes seem soaked by the end of a run.Otherwise, they work well and are the fairly good quality I expect from higher-priced Nike shoes.", "Nike knew what they were doing with the Air Max air sole. These are super comfortable and extremely great for runningafter dark as they have the best reflectors of any Nike product I have purchased. EVER!! Bought 2 pairs so I am ready when I wear these out. Should buy a third pair.", "I got this for my 4 year old, who's a die hard Jordan fan. The shoes are very stylish and soo cute. My only dislike is the fact that the shoelaces get undone so easily, even if i double knot them.. (My son doesn't know how to tie his shoes so yeah it can get annoying to have to bend down every time they get undone!) That is the only reason why they got a 4 star other than that they're perfect..", "muy lindos, practicos y duraderos.estoy satisfecha con esta compra y la atenci&oacute;n recibidagracias por considerar nuestras sugerencias y comentarios.", "me gusta la marca air jordan siempre a sido lo mejor en zapatos y ropa en general al igual que los clacicos", "What you see is what you get. Just love the shoe and its combination. and personally my 4th pair of RED Sneakers.. ;-)", "Jordan comes through again with amazing comfort, and amazing performance. I've purchased two pairs of these in different colors and have used one for everyday wear and another pair purely for gym purposes. Both have held up very well and are way better than other shoes I have purchased. It's nice not having to deal with laces flopping around, and the straps on top and on the back provide superior support in the ankle area.", "love the slip on, just what my husband was looking for. The color scheme is great, easy to clean, and lightweight. the velcro strap is adjustable to an extent, and the sole is comfortable for walking with slight impressions for your feet to fit better. would recommend these to anyone. easy to clean and store, comfortable", "I bought this for my husband in 2011 and until now, he still loves to wear this! Very good quality. Worth the price.", "Item is great, very comfortable and true to size. BUT they are meant for casual wear not anything that involves water. I say this because the fabric soaks up the water and stays wet for a very long time. Sand also builds up on the footbed where your foot is. I'd recommend if you want casual wear sandals.", "These are high quality nice looking sandals.  Bought them for my son before vacation.  He loves them.  Had them for almost a year now and they still look great & aren't worn out!", "I bought these shoes recently to have a pair of casual shoes for autumn work days. I was surprised by how nice they look. With a pair of jeans these look cool, I've been getting a lot of compliments... and they're really comfortable.", "i absolutely love them thank god i started xmas shoppn early cause these woulda been gone and they are my daughters gonna love hers lol i love mine she like mine dnt know she got a pair too", "Fit is perfect. Very well constructed boots. Super color. Will hopefully last a long time. I wish they came in more colors for boys.", "Always have loved Nike Air Max Goadome.  First time where price was affordable and I'm glad because it was well worth the buy.  Love the color and they are very comfortable.", "These are the best shoes i've ever worn.  It's terrible when my feet go from being in these shoes to being in other shoes.  They're just so damn comfortable.  I'd make babies with them.", "fit true to size.  look even better in person, have held up very well.  my son wants to take them from my husband cuz they are really neat shoes.", "I purchased these shoes for my significant other for Christmas which he didn't think I was buying him anything.  Surprise!! Surprise!! He was totally shocked and loved them.  However, I received them the Friday after Christmas as stated.  They were packaged nicely.  I'm loving my new Amazon account.", "love it even though the green/neon color is very flashy. I bought it for $110 at Foot Nation as an on-sale sneaker so I don't have to cough up $180 for the other newly ones. Very comfortable and help to reduce shock to my lower back. In fact, no back problem ever since I've been wearing this type of airmax for the past 2 years. Oh, and no more knee problem, either. Worth every penny!", "These shoes lasted all but 1 weeks before they lost air and started to make me walk slanted. Save your money these are not worth it.", "I wear them to work. They are very comfortable. I wear them to work.  My feet use to hurt cause I am on my feet all day.  Since I bought these my feet don't hurt.  Please keep making them.", "I like to run 5k and 10k's.  The fit of the Nike Air Max complement my gait and foot shape well.  As with any running shoe, I would definitely try them on in a store before purchasing online.  That said, I found the price on Amazon to be better than I could find locally.  Shipping and packaging were both excellent.", "I've been wearing Air Max 360's for years due to a knee problem. These are like running on air. I would't wear any other running shoes.", "the gym shoes arrived quickly. exactly as pictured and size true to fit. my husband loves them! hard to find shoes in his size so was nice to find some in his size actually in stock!", "Great quality product but I expected nothing less from a brand I have trusted for years.  I would recommend this product to anyone looking for a quality running shoe.", "los felicito por tan buena atenci&oacute;n y responsabilidad. . . . . . . . . . . . . .", "for me, anyway. It took a little getting used to after using asics for some time now, but this is going to be my third pair and counting...really nice support, light and well made. one of the best running shoe out there. Did look too nice to run in at first, but it turned out to be a very comfortable design.", "These are very good tennis the only problem is the sole at the heel wears fast and that makes the shoe not last long", "I wish they still made these. Although the paint on the bottom started to come off. I sent them off to Nike and they gave me a refund.", "I was very excited when i bought this shoe. I don't complain about the fit and the comfort, that was very good. I particularly liked the design of the shoe. It was a head turner. I also read a lot of review before buying it. Some of then even warned about the problem of bubble pooping. But i did not pay heed. Let me tell you I was the first buyer of this shoe in the whole of India - bought it on the day of launch in Bangalore. But i must say that this shoe did not last as long as a shoe this expensive should. The sole wore out very quickly - within just 3 months. As a result, the air bubble popped and now the shoe is totally useless for me. I paid more than $200 for this shoe. And it lasted me only 200 kms. I won't recommend this shoe to anyone. You could buy 2 good shoes for the price of one Air Max. Very disappointed. Will not buy Nike again for a couple of years. Sorry Nike, you just lost an avid fan.", "Great fit, like running on a cloud.  Lightweight.  Great for overpronaters.  However, fell apart after 500 miles.  I recommend if you are willing to swap light weight performance for longevity.", "The shoes are very comfortable, I love the colors, but.....I found the same shoes at Sports Authority for $89.00 as opposed to the $140.00 I spent here :(", "I got these as a present for my father-in-law. He has really flat feet and he said that these were the best shoes he's ever had. So if you have flat feet, try these shoes out!", "My wife loves the shoe, colors and is comfortable! She couldn't wait to break them in and get running! Thanks", "I'm so cheap when it comes to tennis shoes because I don't like them, but they're necessary for work outs, especially with flat feet. These are so comfortable and well made. I bought a pair of Nikes from TJMaxx and after wearing them twice one of the soles started peeling away from the shoe, but these are cuter, better made, and worth the money!", "With 400+ miles on these Zooms they are still holding up. I just ordered a pair of Zoom Elite 6+ and I hope they are as good as the 5s.", "I love, love, love my Nike Zoom Elites!  I love them so much I already ordered another pair just like them for when the first pair wears out.  I run marathons and have a very high arch, and these shoes were more than wonderful to me in my last marathon (Nashville music city marathon).  Also, I was surprised how many other runners had these shoes.  If you have high arches you must get these shoes.  I have no complaints thus far and I've had them for 4 months now.", "I wear wide shoes because of my wide feet.  This Nike shoe is really good and offers good quality for the price.  The comfort and appearance are great and the red shoelaces make it look cool.  I would have given 5 stars but the only negative is the super lightweight tongue.  The tongue bunches up in the shoe when I out it on.  Not a big deal but worth mentioning.", "Lo recomiendo excelente, muy buen articulo y son muy comodo, mi esposa lo utiliza tanto para ejercicios como de paseos", "I have weak ankles and are prone to spraining. These shoes are the most comfortable I have had and they are a minimalist shoe that gives you a close to barefoot experience that helps me. I wear at the gym everyday(5 days a week) and I love them. Have had for 4 months and no problems. For running, cardio, and weight lifting they rock. Great shoes and worth the money. Go to your nearest place of business and try them on and you will see!They are also cute. So says my wife...", "my favorite running/casual shoes right now. great product from nike. obviously over-priced, but what do you expect? very light weight and comfortable. great for running and other daily activities.", "I bought these shoes and have put about 500km on them. Being my first pair of somewhat \"minimalist\" shoes I was at first worried about giving up the extra shock absorbtion in the heel of my current runners. I did notice an immediate difference in how \"hard\" my foot tended to strike the ground on my first couple of runs, but I believe that these shoes encouraged my natural running posture to adapt, work myself away from heel striking, resulting in an overall more efficient stride in the long term. There was also a noticable weight difference and it's hard to go back to my old shoes now. They are also quite breathable if you tend to run in hot weather.My only complaint is that if you run on gravel paths at all, the design of the sole tends to collect a lot of rocks so when you switch back and forth from gravel to pavement it can be annoying to get the rocks out.", "I normally don't wear sneakers but i had a stress testto take so i need some the price was great feels light on my feet after doing well on my stress test i actually started running every morning and evening will i buy from the vendor again hell yes", "I am really ecstatic about this running shoe.  In fact, i bought a another one in a different color.  Some people find it otherwise, but i guess the choice of shoes is very personal.  I went to a local Nike Store and wore this exact shoe before buying it at a discounted rate in Amazon.  Get a one size higher than your usual shoe size.", "Almost no weight making it unfelt! Fits perfect, smooth and comfortable. It perfectly meets what I expected. Highly recommended for exercising.", "These shoes are like wearing socks!  They slip on perfectly and stay snug.  Amazing design, light weight and stylish.  I have 2 pair!!", "Best shoes ever!When I first put my feet into these Nike Free Run Shoes 5.0 it felt like I was in heaven. The pads are so soft and the designs don't wear out the first few days. I go on hikes with these shoes and they are still in good condition. You can bend these shoes back so the front tip touches the shoe laces.These shoes only weight 5 ounces, and come in many different colors from blue, to black, to white, to neon green. These shoes air out so you don't get stinky feet. Underneath the pads is a place where you can put a Nike Plus Kit. You can buy them online for about 30 dollars. You can hook the Nike Plus Kit up to your IPod to have your own personal workout.I bought these shoes about 2 months ago at Champs, in the Provo Mall, and they are still in great condition. I bought them for about 100 dollars. There are a few things I have not enjoyed about these shoes. At the front by your toes it starts to fade color. Also these shoes are a bit pricey. Small rocks get stuck in the tread because of the gaps so you just have to pull them out.Overall these shoes are the best. These shoes are good for anyone. You won't regret buying them.", "It is now January 6, 2013.  I bought these in June 2012.  I wear the heck out of these shoes and they've felt great since the first day.  I wear them day to day, but I also run in them.  The soles are starting to wear a little bit, but they are still super comfortable.It might be the shoe when I run, but when I run passed the 10 mile mark, I start to feel pinching near the ball of my foot.  That's the only real complaint I have.This is the 2nd generation of free's I've had and I will probably get another set of free's after I am done with these.", "In general, Nike makes a great running shoe. This one was a little disappointing. Not much support or cushioning. The best feature is the vented panels near the toes and sides which does help to keep your feet cooler. The laces are also short for this shoe. Overall, not really happy with the purchase.", "I am heavyset and these shoes give me great support and keep my feet from hurting.  Love Nike Zoom Vomero's and will keep buying them.", "I love Nike running shoes. I really do; Nike is the only brand I wear, but this pair almost turned me off them completely. Very uncomfortable, very poorly made. The soles are put together weird, so they squeak when you walk. The tread is made of some weird foam that doesn't provide proper traction, but squeaks really loud when you get it wet. Just the other day I walked through a little damp grass to go inside and a friend made a comment about how loud they were, just to give you an idea of how bad a problem this is. After only a few months of wear, the support collapsed almost completely. I am very disappointed by these shoes and will not purchase anything from the vomero line ever again.", "I use these shoes mostly for running on a treadmill at my gym.  They feel a little tighter than previous Vomero's but  I like snug shoes when I jog.  I'm a bigger fellow at 235 lbs and I find the cushioning sufficient and what I was expecting from the Vomero's.  My only gripe with the Vomero (previous versions too) is that the blown rubber forefoot sole wears down a bit quick for my liking, but then it also contributes to the cushioning.  Overall I think they are a good option for bigger runners who don't need the structure like the Asics Kayano and just want cushioning.", "about 13 months ago I had my running style professionally measured and received 5 viable options, I chose based off of looks at that point and the Vomero won with a stylish grey/blue with a hint of neon green. When I first ran in the shoes I thought they were a little stiff, but within about a week they were already perfectly broken in. A year and about 600-700 miles later I am still in love.I was able to wear these every day for my Army ROTC PT and I never had an issue, rain, sleet, cold, hot, these shoes did it all.  As expected the sole is a little worn out and I just had to change insoles after all this time, but they will be a perfect bad weather shoe once I get my new pair.", "I've used Vomero before and it was extremely comfortable.  This one rubbed my toes and hurts big time.  I've tried different sizes - no difference.  I had to return it unfortunately.", "Very very comfy...soft and good support all the way around.  My fav next to the Air Pegasus. Good buy for me", "I walk with these babies for 12-14 hrs a day sometimes and i dont feel any pain.......looking forward to buying another pair :)", "after about two months of searching i have decided to go with those beautiful pair of Nike shoes, i'm really glad that i have got them, look nice and my feet feel comfortable wearing them. go nike!", "Now on my second pair of these and I find them amazingly cool (thanks to the mesh side venting) and comfortable.  Soles and inserts are long lasting -- practically \" as new\" after almost a year.  I find the platinum/gray color a good change from the white too.", "The cusion of the sole has changed and Vomero has not been the same for years now.  Please go back to the former sole material.", "Simply one of the best shoes on the market if you require cushioning.  The + logo allows sync which is nice.", "Best neutral shoe in the market, my 5th pair in 4 years of everyday running, more color options will be warmly welcome", "This is the last pair of vomeros I buy. I have had each iteration and after 3 or 4 they have become increasing worse. They are less \"cushiony\" and (I know it's not supposed to matter to a real runner) less stylish. They still do the job, but are not the quality they were a few years ago.", "fits as expected.  I order the same size and style yearly.  Color selection was not great but it works out OK", "The Vomero+ 7 is comfortable and absorbs most of the impact. Before that I used the Vomero+5 and Pegasus 27, and in my opinion the Vomero+7 is a evolution.", "A great shoe and I am a big user of the Nike + system so that was the first requirement. The Amazon price was excellent. The shoe fits perfectly and the color and style is also excellent.A light weight shoe but provides me with good support and there is enough room if arch support is used. I added the Scholls 430 insert (my personal fit) giving me additional support without having to remove the Nike liner. The shoe therefore becomes a little tighter for me but still very comfortable with tremendous support.", "This is the shoe that I use for running.  I love the shoe and it arrived timely and has been a great experience.", "I like the NIKE Zoom Vomero model; the shoe fits well, and is comfortable, which allows me to wear this day-in day-out. I have had the Vomero 5, Vomero 6 and now the Vomero 7+, and I have used them on daily basis.Would recommend anyone to buy these shoes for running and everyday.", "I searche the web for the Nike Vomero+ 7's as I really like the fit / design of theolder model and I found it on Amazon.  Great shoe / value !!", "When I spend $100 on running shoes, I expect them to last a minimum of one year.  After 10 miles of running the black rubber bottoms became unattached from the white rubber cushions.  Now I am beyond the Amazon return date policy and I have wasted $100 on a pair of worthless shoes.  This will be last pair of Nike running shoes.  This will be the last running shoe order I place with Amazon.", "These are great shoes, but they are not like the older versions, I loved the Vomero+2-5 series, they were a lot better quality and built shoe.  FYI - I paid $130 for these in July 2013, save yourself some money and go to the factory outlet where they are selling this shoe for $80.  I wasn't too happy the weekend I got these when I shopped at the outlet store to see them for $80.  I was looking for a pair of walk around Nike's and couldn't believe a couple days before I paid $130 for them.  Blah!", "Bought a pair in April for $99. Now the exact same shoe is listed at $130 &#34;discounted&#34; to $120.  Shoe is ok but I'll shop elsewhere.", "Great shoes, but i bought the wrong size. If youre military, i recommend these if youve been injured. Theyre comfortable and support well. Feels like running on clouds. Or sun bleached sand without the resistance.", "I had some already that I wore until they were holey. So glad to get more. I love these shoes.", "I love this shoe.  It's light enough to be a racing flat, but has enough support for every day running.  I alternate between three pairs: two for training, one for racing.", "No heel protection, just a mushy shoe- reminds the NB 1080. Sadly there NO competition at all, New Balance & Nike make pretty much the same stuff.I wear semi-rigid orthotics therefore it's a bit less noticeable because my orthotics has heel protection, I'd not recommend them for heel strikers.Oh and laces are WAYY too short!Overall not impressed.", "I fell in love with the Vomero 4's, settled for the Vomero 5's, skipped the Vomero 6's, and now the Vomero brand has almost hit rock bottom. Not the arch support, thinly cushioned, non durable foam density. Both stars are for appearance.", "I love Nike and have many pairs.  Thin is particular shoe runs small and a bit narrow so if you have a wider foot go a 1/2 size up.", "these shoes are true to size. most comfortable as well. i bought them for my bf but i tried them on, and i have to get one for myself as well. i would love the same colour but just cant seem to find it.however, the colour shown here seems to be slightly different from the one i ordered. here it seems a bit metallic teal, but in reality its a sort of greenish, bluish and less tealish.lolz", "Shoes came as promised and on time.  Just went on 3 mile run and shoes performed as epected.  It is unfortunate that Nike has decided to change this shoe so much in the newer versions.Thanks", "The Vomero 7 fits like a glove, and feels absolutely amazing. The mid-foot support system molds to your foot when you tighten the laces, so the shoes fit your feet like they were custom made for you. In two days of walking everywhere in them my heel spurs were gone. My feet don't hurt anywhere, and the shoe is super light. I am buying another pair so I'll have another one when this pair wears out.", "Size 11 2E.  Glad I ordered the 2E, most other sneakers didn't have any Extra Wides in size-11.I know it is expensive for a sneaker, but it is very comfortable and fits well.", "I have a leg issue and these are very comfortable and feel good on the feet ! I have 2 pair highly recommend them !!!", "I have several pairs of sneakers and these are my favorite. Very very lightweight and my feet can breathe. Didn't realize such a difference until I put on a pair of my pumas!", "Great shoes.  Very comfortable and fix just right.  I have almost worn them out already.  Nike is a great product.", "el paquete llego en buen estado. son los zapatos tal cual se ven en la imagen. lo califico de muy bueno", "This is my second pair of Nike Air Max running shoes.  In 2012, I paid about $115.00 for the first pair and recently paid $128.00 on Zappos for this pair.  The new shoes are all black in color with some reflective highlights.  Both pairs fit very comfortably.  I started a minimal running program in Sept of 2013 and was averaging about 2--3 miles per day, 6-7 days a week with the first pair.  They still fit well and show average sole wear after 90 days of running.Last month, I purchased a pair of Aiscs Gel Nimbus 14's for $85.00 on Amazon to continue running outdoors and use the first pair of Nike's inside on the elliptical.  The Nike insole pad showed a lot of wear and I have replaced it.  Not surprised based on the previous hard mileage from my outdoor running program.  I find the Nike's feel more comfortable while running outdoors, but they also aggravate shin and knee soreness.  The Aiscs feel less supportive and padded during the outdoor runs, but my shins and knees feel better.  That's not due to the brand of running shoe and most likely my running style and body build.I use the new Nike pair for work and have received a few compliments about the color and style.  Nike Air Max Excellerate is a very comfortable shoe for daily wear and should last for many months of average usage.  They are worth the money spent on a good quality running and walking shoe.", "the sneakers are super cute for girls and comfterble. i use them for running at the gym. no complaints. arrived on time and cheaper than in stores.", "Been using these to get into better shape. I use them religiously and never had a problem. Very comfortable and will definitely recommend this product and seller to others.", "I wouldn't recommend this product because I never received it.  I e-mailed the seller and waited a few days, no response.  I e-mailed them again and a new person responded back and acted like this was the first time they'd heard that I was dissatisfied.  I received a full refund, however it was supposed to be a gift for my Niece so I am unhappy and unsatisfied.", "They were exactly what I was hoping for. I ordered girls size and they fit perfectly. I haven't used them outdoors but on treadmill they're great. They're light but still supportive enough.", "I love these shoes!! So comfortable! I get so many compliments on these shoes every time I wear them.** One thing to note is that they may feel a little snug at first and you may think you should have ordered a bigger size but don't! They fit perfectly once you break them in. Takes about a day or 2. Or you can take them on a run and that should do the trick. If you are someone who normally buys Nike's then you know they tend to run a little on the bigger side so I recommend you order your usual Nike size (for me its typically 1/2 size smaller)", "very comfortable,  pretty and durable! would buy them again for my daughter!she completely loves them! beautiful  color combination.goodd luccck", "My daughter loved the shoes!!! She is happy with them. Would order in a different color if they get them.", "These shoes are amazing they are so comfortable and fit perfectly. I love them the look of them and how they fit and there really comfortable. These are the shoes to get. I looooooooove them!!!!!!!!1", "Gorgeous shoes exelent rate they delivered quikly and it have good prices!!! The size isperfect and the color and texturre exactly as in the picture", "Love em fit great and give my foot so much flexibility whether I'm walking, exercising, or running! I highly recommend, them!", "Love Love Love the fit on these shoes and my husband was the one that recommended these when I couldn't find any @ the local store.", "My daughter got these for the new school year and loves them.  The strings are bright and pretty.  She thinks they are very comfortable.", "This shoe has worn-out quickly.  The top fabric has holes already.  Based on the feel of the shoe I suspected this before purchase but my daugther insistent on this exact brand and make.  I gave in.  Based on the price I hate that I was correct about the short life of the shoe.", "So many compliments on the style and fits perfectly! Love them! I have recommended ordering these to so many people!", "I was looking for a shoe my niece can play in and found these.. She loves them!", "I love my new NIke Free Run 3  running shoes.  They are cute and comfortable and exactly what I expected.", "they fit well, they get a little loose after a bit, but not totally expected. use thin socks so you don't stretch out the material of the shoe quickly.", "I am so pleased with my Frees...They came quickly even though it was the holiday season. I ended up buying 2 more pair for my daughter and her husband...Thank you!", "I bought these shoes for my daughter who is quite the athlete--she loves them!  She says they're really comfortable, lightweight--perfect for running.  She's a year-round soccer player, but she stays in conditioning mode with road-running, treadmill, and zumba.The fit is great, and her feet stay cool (cool-looking, too!)", "This is probably my 7th pair of Nike free runs. Love them; however, they do not last long running long distance. 4-6 months of running, I need a new pair.", "These shoes are amazing, The colors are fabulous and they are SO comfortable. I had surgery on my foot so I am always on the hunt for a good shoe- and I think I found my perfect work shoes.", "I was comparing them with the real nike free and the sneakers I bought are not real nike shoes they are fake... Everything about the shoe looks fake and not done well.", "Purchased these a while back for my daughter. She loves them and wears them everyday. I wasn't sure about the color choice at first but it looks cool on.", "Very satisfied. My great grand daughter. A doth grader is in track and is quite a runner setting some school records already at her age and she loved her shoes. And breaking rh in for her first track meet now inaugural. Thank you for the fast delivery that was awese. Love shopping Amazon.1", "A little tight and narrow but besides that they seem ok. An average pair of shoes. If your daughter or son has medium to wide foot size do not purchase these.", "The shoes are very confortable! Im glad that I could actually find these nice shoes in my size. Thank you very much!", "I began my search for a stylish shoe that would also improve my ability to walk safely and add a spring to my step! Little did I know just how important these shoes would be! Amazing thing began to happen as soon as I put these shoes on! I looked 10 lbs lighter and people noticed right away! I began to have a lot to talk about in the athletic circles and have made many new friends! I also was able to run faster than I have ever been able to since putting on these shoes! It has inspired me to reach for new goals like trying out for the Olympics! By far these are the best shoes I have owned! I am stronger, faster and more popular and I love it!! I would recommend these shoes to anyone who is looking to change your life!!!", "Love them :) they fit perfectly and are so comfortable to workout. I will order some other color for my collection :)", "i gave this to my dad as a christmas gift, and he loved it!! i bought him the red one too.. he was very happy!!", "ecxelente producto recomendado Excelente producto recomendado.. lo recomiendo! funciona excelente y llego a tiempo, excelente envoltura y tal cual lo describio el vendedor", "The shoe runs great. I put ten miles on them without breaking them in and no blisters. Overall, the best shoe I've ever ran with. I have a slightly wider foot and this shoe fits great. As an added bonus the shoe laces are long.", "its a great fit..it feels like it may rip at the toe, though. I do like these shoes and are great for working out or running in.", "It's my second pair. They are great for running and have held up very well so far. They are better built than the picture would indicate and I would highly recommend them to anyone who use their shoes for running and other high stress situations. Plus, they look good.", "This is a gift for my father and size is right but it a bit too narrow for my dad who has wider feet.", "I've had these shoe fo about 10 months now. I've used these shoes for running/sprinting, for weight lifting, and for casual school shoes. Very breathable shoes. I dont recomend these shoes for running a distance greater than 2 miles, because they ar'nt very shock absorbant and will make your shins/feet hurt. Otherwise the shoe is very good. One other sligh drawback is if you wash it a few times it will pill on you, but you only notice it if you take it off and look at it close up. Overall this shoe is amazing especially for this price. I bough my shoes from Dicks Sporting goods for a little more.", "will never buy anotyher runnintg shoe again. Perfecton and price make this an unbeatable option.  Great experience and great functionality", "Not mad at them.  Not the best but they could be worse also.  My feet generally hurt after running in them but they have been good for every day wear and tear.", "my tennis fit me perfect right to my fit i will not have it no other way that is why yoy should know your size so sorry if some-one else had a problem with it they dont know there size. thanks for your great service.", "mmss smms smssmsm ssmsms  sdsds,d  ss n kskkd sd ds ddsndnm skdksdk sjdshjs sjshsdhs sjhsd sjdsdh  ja dhdhd jdjhd j", "The shoes were a gift and my son reports they are very comfortable.  He uses the shoes for running and states they are much more comforatble than more expensive ones.", "these shoes make youre feet feel very small and hurts feet to run in. I would highly recommend relentless 1.", "These must be on of the lightest running shoes that I've ever owned. I rarely use them to run these days. Instead I use them to walk around in my neighborhood. They are so light that I can either run or walk for miles without even feeling like they are attached to my feet.I got the University Red ones even though I am not big fan of red shoes. These were REALLY RED. I guess I was not familiar with what University Red means but these sneakers were not dark red but rather really bright. I don't mind since it makes me kind of stand out in a crowd. The fit great and have mesh that allows your whole foot to breath when you are running. The shipping is fast and the product was top notch. Definitely would recommend this to anyone.", "it was a nice shop, it was for me but is not a big deal, thanks for all. bye :)", "Bought these for my son because he needed running shoes for cross country. He liked them and used them all season.", "I was a little nervous about paying for these shoes then finding out they are not my size, since I know nothing about this 9.5 D(m) shoe sizing. But nevertheless, the shoes came perfectly fitted to my feet, they are super comfortable and atop that, they arrived 2 days earlier than I expected.I am going to purchase another pair in the near future.", "All is well with these Nikes the reviews on them as a whole was scary but they are great! The color blue is vibrant!", "I love this shoes because usually nike shoes fits perfect and last longer than any other brands.  Nike is my favorit.", "I don't jog in these, I work in them. I've worn this model for a couple of years now; the lunarlon line is awesome.", "I do a great deal of coaching for many young kids and these shoes work perfect for both looking great and doing athletic movements.  Very comfy", "My son says he can run as fast as the wind in these shoes. Lol. To pick out shoes and have him say I did a great job is music to my ears", "I love Nike. I got this for my boyfriend, he loved this shoes, fit very nice, my boyfriend mentioned are very confortable, Shoes looks and feels as expected. Highly recommended.", "These are the worst shoes I have ever bought.  They are cheap.  They seem like &#34;fake&#34; Nike's.  I sent these back.  My slippers are better running shoes than these.  Absolute junk, and I won't buy shoes from the Shoe Station again.", "Purchased as a gift for my son who runs cross country to replace the same brand/model he wore out running last Fall.  Good support, long lasting materials.", "I love Nike running shoes and the reason being I have terrible feet that need good support. Even in the ministry there were times I would wear Nikes in my Sunday best. Greatest shoes ever made in my humble opinion.", "When I first tried on this Nike sneaker, I was a little disappointed because it was too snug width wise.I thought I needed a large but noticed not one sneaker anywhere was more than &#34;medium&#34; which was shocking to me.But after a week wearing them, they became comfortable and now feel great.I still don't understand why they don't come in a &#34;large&#34; width wise since I always try on shoes in the afternoon which is a better indicator of how you should buy shoes, but I am glad in the end they worked out.", "all I have to say is: great shipping, great shoe, although after a while that you have them on it irritates your foot a little, when you jump the shoe absorbes the shock and you barely feel a thing, so in conclusion, I highly reccomend this shoe.", "Purchased these for my husband and he loves them, he has already ran with them and done his regular gym rountine. Its been 2 weeks so they are a go!!!!", "I bought the size 7.5, the same size as my dress shoes. These are made about a size smaller, so if your dress shoe is size 7.5, you need to get a size 8.5. I gave it away to someone who has smaller feet.", "I loved these shoes. Leg perfect fit. Different color. And run and ride a bike and just walked on foot. Everything is super. I recommend to all.", "I really love these shoes. They are comfortable, breathable, and all around nice. I recommend these shoes, especially for the price. Just know that they are more so for slimmer feet. If you have a wide foot, then I would be warned. But overall, great shoes.", "Bought for daughter to run track. She loves them! Perfect fit, nice style lots ..of support. Very happy.  I definately would recommend these shoes for running / sports", "The only thing I like about this shoe, is the color scheme!It feel like there are wedges on the outside edges of the heals making you walk like ---&#62;  V, on the insides of your feet.  HORRIBLE!", "100% RECOMENDABLE MUY BUEN PRODUCTO LLEGO DE ACUERDO A LOS TIEMPOS PAUTADOS Y EN EXCELENTE ESTADO MUCHISIMAS GRACIAS SALUDOS DESDE VENEZUELA", "It is sturdy and looks good. The color is so good for my boy who is ten years old. It is not heavy but looks not light.", "perfect fit, nice colors and built to last!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Really fit true to size also, great shoe, bought them for my son who lives out of town, mailed them straight to him and they fit great", "They are extremley comfortableThey are what I wanted in a shoeThe design is what I liked the most", "great price, very comfortable, shoe breathes nicely, and color is fun and different. i am aware Nike tends to fit smaller, and this was no different. a half size bigger would have been a better choice&#8230;.keep in mind", "Haven't worn athletic shoes in more than 10 years, forgot the comfort difference. They look good and feel good. Worth it.", "I have a bad ankle, so I've only used this shoe for walking, ellipticals, and the occasional basketball game.  These shoes are super comfortable, and are great for what I've been using them for.  As a bonus, it looks pretty sweet.", "bought these for my boyfriend because he wanted running shoes.  He's really picky about his style, but these were a huge hit with him.  He loves the touch of red and most of all, they are very comfortable.", "I like the look but not a good fit for my wide and high arched feet, but okay for just walking not running", "Everywhere in my area I could only find a red version of this shoe with simple black webbing on the sides. I tried on that size in my local store and then found this pair online. I couldn't find the same color anywhere.I bought my pair from the cheapest seller and saved $10. I'm fairly sure the pair I received were actually 2nds. a small piece of the black rubber on the bottom came off after a few months, and the inside support on the back of one of the shoes seemed bent until they were very worn in. minor details to how comfortable and cool these shoes have been for the last year and a half. I have newer shows but still use these for work and biking. I hate shoes that have white bottoms that can't stay clean, and that narrows show selections significantly. why can't manufactures create the same cool shoes and just change the bottoms to anything but white as an option?  these shoes were amazing.", "Such a nice shoes, i love it..!! specially when it's time to run or take a long walk...! However it could be better have it in another color... Good relation between price and quality.", "these shoes look absolutely amazing. the black is dark and super rich and the red is a real deep red so the colors together look unreal. BUY THESE SHOES you will not regret it", "I always have an impossible time buying athletic shoes that keep my heel from slipping out. Some reviewers say these shoes are too snug/narrow; however, they are the most perfectly fitting shoe I have ever worn. So if you have a heel slippage problem like I do, give these a shot. They were just a tiny bit tight in front when I first bought them, but they stretched out just right after a couple days.", "my friend is too happy with his shoes,  he recomende with the closed eye. thanks  he said the color and material are very comfortable.", "These shoes run very narrow and short.  They are comfy, nice looking, and light, but Nike doesn't standardize their sizing and as a result, I am stuck with a pair of shoes that are too small.Waah!", "It is small and tight. Please try to buy one size bigger and it would perfect fit in your feet.", "Have been wearing these for the past 3 months and they're holding up well.Very comfortable sneakers and a great price.", "My 14 year old son has wore these sneakers for a year now and they still fit and look good. They came in his favorite color too.", "I bought this pair, was not happy with them, returned them and now they kept the shoes and will not return my money, do not buy from them, they do not answer you when trying to get your money back.", "It is a great productthe best running shoes i`d ever hadI love themwant them in a different color now.", "I bought Nike before, size 10, and they fit very well.  These are too tight and I have to have them stretched. Compared to my previous Nikes, they are visibly smaller.  Nike should standardize their sizes!!  I doubt that this is the 2-3 in a million outlier described by six sigma produciton goal.  Now I don't know how to order future shoes.  What size do I get?  Will size 11 be too big.  Will I face the hassel of haveing to send them back?  I shop online because I am busy!  I like the convience of Amazon; but I may have to return to Zappos.  I've gotten the wrong size from  them before (my fault), and they sent me the right size right away, even before I sent back the shoes; and they paid for the return.", "excellent product, 100% happy, 100% recommended. Arrived on time. no complains. the quality is great.excelente producto, comprado desde venezuela, vendedor responsable, 100% recomendado.", "Bought these shoes for my teenage son.  He loves then, he said they are light and easy to run in!", "I got exactly what i expected when i purchased these. They make excellent running shoes for sprints and for long distance. I actually prefer to wear them out in town to when i have a lot of walking to do. Very comfortable.", "I ordered this for my grandson and he loved them. They fit just perfect and came in when they were expected.", "I got these shoes through my Amazon acct at Amazon.com.My husband needed a new pair of sneakers, and these Nike shoes caught my eye and I knew I had to have them for him. He has bad knees and the Dr told him to wear good sneakers to absorb some of the shock of walking, and these fit the bill. He is really happy with them and loves the color combination. Great Nike buy.", "Cool looking shoe.  Very comfortable.  The red is a little overpowering.  It is the first thing I noticed out of the box.", "bought this for my husband who is very unparticular about his shoes. He said they work grerat so for the money it cant be beat!", "i purchased this shoe with no intentions of having high expectations and it really surpassed it. For the price, no.complaints here.", "These shows were amazing. Great colors, design, and very comfortable. Great for running and even for casual purposes for comfy feet. But you should order the size carefully because sometimes ordering shoes online can result in a size too big or small. But other wise an excellent shoe. Love the lunarlon at the bottom for support!", "I took this for a run right when i got them and they were extremely comfortable.  My 5k time improved a whole minute with these.", "These are great shoes that fit very nicely, the colors are fashionable and I would recommend these shoes to anyone", "This rating is because the product is not 100% authenticat a glance you can see that the product is not genuinedefinitely not recommend, offer misleading", "best shoes so far that i have worn within the past few months...im in college for a couple hours a day and all that walking hurts my feet at the end of the day... after wearing these shoes for the past 3 days i didn't have any pain at all and the best part , there really light and i feel that gel support under your heels at all times.", "My ten year old daughter likes this shoe. She says they are very comfortable and that she gets tons of compliments on them. I thought they came with the chip for this shoe but, this is not a Nike + shoe that will work with App. Our intended purpose was just a running shoe and that is exactly what we got. I believe we paid a fair amount as these sames shoes were selling every where else for above $80.00. I am very pleased with my purchase and they are still look good after six months of use by a busy ten year old.", "My daughter is 8 and very picky about shoes. She loves these and wears them every day. definitely worth it!", "The shoes are light. The soles are spongey sort of like an air sole. Those are both positives. However the walls of the shoes are so flimsy that you have to tie them up pretty tight for any support. I notice that the arch of my foot starts to hurt. I've never had this problem with a pair of Nikes.These shoes were actually given to me by my father after he said the same thing.I wouldn't play any type of sport in these shoes. I would fear an ankle injury.", "I'm in the army and in an rotc program, I bought these to replace my aging PT shoes for running and general exercise.These are the lightest, most comfortable shoes I've ever worn. I immediately noticed an improvement while running vs my army issued ones. These shoes are extremely light, slim and flexible so that you never get the feeling that they're slowing you down, instead they seem to add a bounce to your run. Also, the cushion is excellent, so they definitely reduce the impact on your joints and muscles, great if you have a high impact routine, or if you're prone to injury or pain (knee, ankle issues, shin splints etc)", "This is by far the best sports shoe I have ever bought.  I have wider feet and they have adjusted nicely.I walk 4-5 miles per day in these shoes with no issue.", "It's great what I expected!Cheap, comfortable and simple!You can enjoy when you put on your shoes!It is same as you see the Pic!", "Its an average footwear. nothing to rave about. fits as expected. it IS very light so i guess it will score points with avid runners", "I got them sooner than expected, they fit slightly snug I should have gotten a half size bigger but that's my fault. but anyways everyone tells me they love my shoes and ask where i got them and referred them to this company through Amazon. I greatly recommend them", "I bought these shoes for the price, but they have proved to be fantastic. I use them for the gym, running outside, and even everyday wear. I've gotten lots of compliments on the colors too. Great product.", "Este producto me lo cobraron y no lo mandaron a la direccion indicada por lo que les pido que por favor me devuelvan el dinero", "Very comfortable shoe, I walk on concrete all day. Love the bright colors and the time it took from ordering to pick-up was perfect.", "Love these shoes! They are very comfortable and the color is SOOOOO bright! LOVE THEM :)would def. recommended to anyone that wants a good running shoe.", "Not a shoe for runners.....the shoe is squeaky and does not offer any support.  I would not recommend this shoe.  Keep looking", "muy bueno zapatos para correr y hacer ejercicios lo aprovechare suuuuuuuuuuuuperlos recomiendoson buenocomprenloyason buenoya", "A little smaller then I expected, but they still fit. Wished I would have found them in time to get the purple pair too..", "The nike air relentless 2 shipped very fastThey have a great fitThe color is greatAnd the price was a bargain", "I am in love with them. I work out a lot so I really love how comfortable they are while cute at the same time! I did not know they were going to be so bright, but that's just the shoe laces and if you do not like that you can buy black, white, or grey ones for a dollar or two. But apparently bright shoes are in right now so I like them the way they are! They actually run for me a TAD bit small but I should have ordered a half size bigger than I did, so hopefully when I get them back again they fit perfectly.", "These sneakers are great in every way accept they run small. I brought them for jogging and found I could only use them for walking because of the tightness", "Love these shoes:). I work a 12 hr shift on my feet jetting between patients. These shoes are light supportive and great looking... I have purchased 2 more pairs in different colors to add to my collection:)", "The shoes look great! Unfortunately they fit worse than Wal-Mart brand shoes. The back of the heel digs into my Achilles tendon something horrible, the tongue flap constantly moves around and wont stay centered, and doesn't even cover my foot so my socks show through which I think looks tacky. If I wear these shoes for any extended amount of time they hurt my feet something horrible, my arches ache so badly!I paid $30 for a pair of Nike Air on clearance about three years ago and have been using them without strife since, but these shoes I wish I had returned after wearing them for an hour and I paid WAY more for these!!!", "These shoes are adorable! They came in flawless condition, and I have absolutely zero complaints. At least $20 cheaper than the lesser quality running shoes in the shoe stores around here. Get them!", "I love these sneakers. I've been trying to track them down for a while. I love the structure/shape of them and the bright pink/salmon color is perfect!", "These are wonder very comfortable can wear almost anywherelooking for black and white now or sky blue and white same  size", "I love these sneakers, they are pretty bright but nice.  Its funny because I bought these on line, and I went over to show my niece, and then she goes into her room and brings out the same exact sneakers.  Great minds think alike! :)", "i dont think the color in the picture is its true color.  and the width is a little small. other features are fine. just dont like the color", "My daughter picked these out and loves them! She is into a lot of sports and wears them for nearly all of them.", "It was what I expected the product looks good on the foot and is very comfortable, if meets my expectations", "Looks good, lightweight but toebox is too narrow.  Is light on support.  Couldn't return so I'm using for walking but not what I was looking for.", "Excelente producto, mi esposa quedo satisfecha con el color. Lo unico malo es que son muy claros y los materiales se ensucian muy rapido.", "They fit perfectly, I love them. I've tried so many different shoes but these are by far my favorite. Worth the money", "Really cute and perfect fit! They came to my door right ontime! Great purchase for me, I'm very happy with them!", "I was looking for a new shoe since I am a beginner runner. My other shoes caused pain in my feet and ankles. This pair has corrected the problem. Very comfortable to wear every day or running", "I bought these shoes when I started a workout routine.  They are light, good support.  I fight heal spurs, they don't bother them.  And I always get comments on how they like the color.  Wish I could still buy them.", "I got these shoes for my mother, because we were going to Disneyland, and she needed comfortable shoes.. They came in just in time, 2 days before we went to Disneyland. She loved them! They look exactly like the picture shows. It was a great buy, because she HATES walking, and at Disneyland.... We walked a lot. She didn't complain at all.. anyway, she really enjoys these shoes.. I'm glad I got them for her. :)", "Very comfortable and i love the hot pink. Very very light. I use them for work and I work on my feet so They have really helped in my comfort.", "Very comfortable! I just put them on and started running, very little break-in period.  I would definitely buy these again.", "I love these shoes. I'm not sure if it's more for the comfort, the look, or just the fact i love the color orange and they match with a lot of my clothes. The only thing i don't like is just how breathable they are. I know, they are lunarglide+ 3 &#34;BREATHE&#34; running shoes, but i wasn't expecting my feet to freeze when i walked outside, granted i live in Illinois and it's about 5 degrees with 20-30mph wind right now. I recommend this shoe to anyone who like NIKE, or wears shoes for that matter, totally worth the price.", "My husband has had both knees replaced and this shoe is WONDERFUL. He now has 4 pair in different colors.Great shoe!", "I bought these shoes two years ago about two days before a week long trip to Disney World. There was no way I was going there without comfortable shoes. At the time I paid $115. I believe the guy at store said they just got them in that week. I hate paying that much money for shoes. I usually get a $60 pair at Kohl's or a similar store. Those shoes usually lasted 6-9 months. I had to see if the money was worth it, and it was.As stated earlier, they lasted me two years. I started getting holes in the big toe area after about 21 months. It's still a comfortable shoes. I can especially tell after putting on any other pair of shoes I own and then putting on this Nike. It's wonderful. They are light, they allow air to flow through them easily, hence the Breathe, and they hold up really well. The only downside, which is all because of my choice, is when wearing these during the winter. They are pretty airy so my feet can get colder than with other shoes. But I just throw on some smartwools before I lace them up and I'm good to go. But, also, the airiness is a nice bonus during the summer. It adds to the overall greatness of the shoe.Don't confuse this shoe with the regular Lunarglide 3. The regular ones messed with my arches. I believe it had both outside and inside support, but this one only has inside of the foot, which was perfect for me.", "I ordered this shoe because I love the lightness and feel of it. I have a ladies pair and so I ordered this for my husband.", "I wear these to the gym daily. Great shoe, very durable i guess so far standing up to me and im not a small person....", "Nice shoe, great color, light and breezy on the feet, looking for a pair in red if there are any!", "I am a huge fan of the Nike Lunar series.  They seem to fit my feet very well and are comfortable.  I am very happy with this purchase.", "My fiance suggested something like this for our honeymoon so I could have a supportive shoe yet not be hot when we walk. It accomplished that. They do not feel as heavy as the all leather shoes. The arch support is very good. You can almost feel the &#34;cool breeze&#34; on your foot when you are walking.", "These are really comfortable shoes.  I walk everyday.  These shoes are noticeably more comfortable than my other pairs of shoes.  It's like soft pillows on your feet when you take a step in them.", "BOUGHT 3 PAIRS OF THIS SAME SHOE. great overall shoe with style & support. i have a bad back & work out a lot so this was perfect all day shoe", "I am fascinated by these shoes that fit the feet at first but then I have trouble wearing them is like not feel", "die hard asics fan for yrs! former college long distance runner and looking to get back in shape, idk if asics has gotten sloppy with their support shoes and lean more towards &#34;weight&#34; of a shoe but Im in love with the lunarlon series! keeps my knees healthy and pronation control is awesome! nike has won over my heart!", "I wanted to try these since I tend to put pressure on my instep while I walk.  These give me support and feel great for walking or running.", "Good, it is very soft and comfortable. I like it very much! I recommend other people but this shoes. Happy!", "Very much everything I expected  I would highly recommend  this shoe for anyone looking for performance and comfort at a reasonable price", "These shoes were for my mom and she loves the colors are veery nice and are comfortable for her! she love it!", "Love this tennis shoes, they are really confy and soft. Really like the colors on it. Much more than what I spected", "These shoes are comfortable on my feet. I have flat feet, and I was looking for a shoe that would support non-arch feet. These are helpful.", "My son's favorite shoes. Had same pair in smaller size, held up well fir this hard-playing kid. I was glad to find them available online.", "The shoe wore well. Was a comfortable fit from the start. Great color. I've never had a problem ordering shoes on Amazon. I have always gotten a good fit. It helps to know your product and get the right size.", "I am always afraid of purchasing kids shoes on line but the reviews on size help a whole lot. They are very well made and would received super fast.", "As they are made to make the sport: Wonderful. Very light shoes. Convenient and compatible colors. It can be difficult to keep clean.", "Terrific cross-training shoe, especially if you need something that's light and breathes well.  Good luck finding it, though.  This particular model has been &#34;refreshed.&#34;  I hate it when Nike does that right after I discover a shoe that works perfectly for me (they did it with my shoes for tennis, too.)  I looked all over the web, snapping up all of these I could find in my size ;-).", "I;m waking all day long and fill at the end in pretty confortjust like it, planing to get another one dif color", "Great shoe . Light but sturdy  confortable , breathable  fabric ---excellent for summer wear . Light grey color is age appropriate for a an adult.  I looked on-line for 2 hours before I found a shoe that did not look like a multicolored one designed for a 13 year old !", "These started out as good running shoes, decent soles, decent uppers.  After just a few months the toe area has worn out, hate the material they use now for that.  They won't last long.", "Got these for my husband for Xmas and he loves them!!! Very comfortable and light weight! He is very picky when it comes to shoes so I was very pleased he liked them as much as he does!", "This is the most comfortable and lightest running shoe i have ever had and they look greatFar better then my last pair of New Balance", "I'm a woman, wear a 6 in sandals and 6.5 for shoes and boots.  I started buying boys shoes because they are cheaper for the same product.  boys shoes are also based off of men's shoes and have a boxier toe box, which is healthy for your feet.  women's shoes tend to be narrower.  after years of boots and hard work, and a bunion, I need the room.so anyway,  I bought a pair of these type of shoes, slightly different but almost the same model.  i bought a 4.5Y.  I bought the same size in these shoes but they are tight side to side and in length.  It's strange because the sole is the same length and width as my old pair but it seems like they get narrower in the fabric area.  i thought maybe it was just the padding in the heel pushing my foot forward but after wearing around the house for an hour, nope.  they are tight everywhere.I may try the 5Y.  I'll post again.but great color and comfort, support.", "My son loves these shoes-- they fit as they should and they are comfortable for an hour long training session AND just for the running around a 12 year old boy does.Nike is a good reliable brand!", "Love this shoe!! This is my 6th pair and I wish I could find more of them in my size.  I'm an elite marathon runner so I go through a lot of shoes and these are my favorites!", "Muy bueno! una excelente linea de zapatos para deportistas mujeres de pisada neutral! espectacular para trotar! ya no mas dolores de rodilla", "I really like this shoe. This is the first time I've bought anything from Nike in a while, I usually stick with New Balance. My feet are a bit sore after about 4 miles but I'm confident it's just the newness still.", "Really good shoes, my kid is very happy jogging and walking with this whorthless stuff. So we also decided to buy 2 more for my other kids", "The free run is not comfterble. It doesnt feel natura. I tryed the realflex they felt alot more natrul. nike free is just a shoe with cuts.", "Nike free run 3's are the best running shoes ever. They are nicely cushioned and they are extremely light. They are 9.3 ounces!!!!These shoes are great for P.E. or even the everyday tennis shoes. These shoes are the best.These shoes give you a very good bounce while running on track, dirt or any terrain. At my school we have a dirt track and with regular running shoes you don't get as much bounce as you would with these tremendous shoes.These shoes have a special feature called Flex Fit. Flex Fit makes the shoe able to bend into a circle, so when you are running you're running as if you're barefoot.These shoes are for short and long distances. So you can run 100m or 1600m with these shoes. You can run a track meet with these great shoes. I have ran a track meet with these shoes and they exceeded my running abilities.Unlike any other running shoes these shoes are great looking. You can get these great shoes in shades from black to orange to blue to red. You can also customize these shoes at any colors and soles you want.The audience of this product is almost anyone. Mostly people very athletic and sporty purchase these shoes. Also many kids purchase these shoes for P.E. or the regular tennis shoes.The only negative thing about these shoes is that they are a little overpriced. They are $70-80 per pair of shoes. Other than this little flaw I still love these shoes very much.I really think everyone should purchase a pair of these shoes. Even though these shoes are a little overpriced you should buy a pair. They are very light, good looking, cushioned and just perfect.I would give these shoes about a 9 out of 10.", "I have a lot of problems with my walking due to an ankle fusion. these shoes are great and comfortable for what I'm dealing with. Very light for walking. shipping was quick since it came from England. I received them long before amazons due date.", "He loves these shoes and says they are like wearing nothing.  So light and comfortable but with support.  They look good too.My husband copied him.  So now they both are happy and comfortable!Nike is always a good choice for quality and comfort.", "They are like a slipper with no support. Don't bother running in them. If you want running shoes grab some saucony, brooks, or asics. Don't bother buying these for anything other than looks. I've had them over a year and regret buying them.", "The foamy sole on these shoes begins to break down after the first couple of runs. There's little to no rubber on the bottom, which is how they keep the weight down. For me, this shoe had little support and was painful upon foot strike. However, this shoe was supremely comfortable for walking around, and in daily use when not running. Would not purchase again, especially for the lofty price tag.", "Well..  I really enjoy all Nike free's.. I owned several and loveThe lightness about all of them. These models have kinda side lacing thing going on and the tounge slides just a bit often for me during basically any thing past walking.. I love the lightness and support and sole.. But these  models are a miss for me however due to this.. Now the new 3.0's are suprer including design and foot and they are clean stylin all colors..... Nike's best free series yet", "I've been this exact model for around 5 months (for working out + normal daily shoe) and they are perfect, no issues whatsoever whit its durability. It's my second pair, first pair still going strong btw, after 5 years of not so much use, they are salmon lol.", "I took a chance buying shoes over the net for my teen boy. These were exactly what he wanted & fit just like the Nike's at the store for a better price!", "Incredible loved it i love running running and this shoe weightless and impact absorbent technology made it easy to sprint miles in a matter of minutes for me i love this shoe and look forward to purchasing another very soon. And thats The jist of it", "Bought these shoes at the request of my 19 year old son. He loves them both for running and casual wear. Fit straight out of the box. Arrived as expected. Will buy again.", "They are a great pair of shoes! They make me run faster and feel stronger. If you want a pep in your step, these are the shoes for you!", "The Nike Free has been my go to running shoe for about the last 5 years.  Even before the minimalist running craze started and the Vibrams and other minimal running shoes became trendy, the Free has been on the market and with that Nike has worked to advance the shoe's performance.I am often able to get 500-700 miles of running out of each pair of shoes.Pros:*  Durable:  As stated earlier, I get 500-700 miles out of a pair.*  Flexible and light weight:  With any minimal shoe you are going to get less padding and a minimal amount of support.  The Free allows your foot to move freely but with enough protection that you feel safe and comfortable running on any surface.*  Fashionable:  I've bought many different colors of these and I kind of like having such a wide variety of colors to choose from.Cons:*  The fit can be off, so sometimes you need to try on 2-3 pairs to find a pair that work.  So the consistency of the cut is a little iffy from time to time.*  The shoelaces that come with the shoes don't always seem consistent either.  So sometimes I have trouble with the factory shoelaces staying tied.", "I bought the Nike Free 3 at Finish Line recently for $99 while on sale. My purchase ended a minor romance with Brooks shoes that lasted for a little over 5 years. Nothing wrong with Brooks's products, I guess this is a \"me not you\" thing. I find that ordering shoes online is an ordeal and prefer a brick and mortar shop for this type of purchase.My first impression of the Nike Free was how light they feel in the hand and on the foot. Wearing them feels more like having a sock on your feet as opposed to a shoe. The appearance of the product is well-executed and I find that the shoe looks slick and sophisticated in black.The salesperson described this shoe as a step forward on the spectrum toward a minimalist running shoe. While not much a runner, and certainly not of the barefoot variety, I believe that this product provides greater road feel than traditional shoes. The sole is heavily siped and grooved allowing greater flexibility across lateral and longitudinal axes. While moving around you can feel the bed of the shoe conforming to the ground.The interior of the shoe is comfortable and despite its low weight provides adequate support. The upper is a synthetic mesh-like material that wraps the foot closely. For some reason it reminds me of the stretchy book-covers my kids buy at Staples before school starts.I took a half size larger remembering that Nike runs small. This shoe was no exception and the salesperson informed me that this particular model was designed to fit snugly. The shoe apparently runs really short and even after wearing these for a while I still feel uncomfortable. I tried a full size up in the store, but the back of the shoe felt quite loose at that point.While I think that these shoes deliver on many of the intended features that Nike's engineers packed in to this product, I am still left with some disgruntled toes. Are these shoes supposed to feel \"snug\" or are they simply \"too small\"? For someone looking at a change of pace, serious running, or a light comfortable wearer the Nike Free will fit your needs. I would just suggest being aware of sizing issues.Update 8/22/12:Correction made above. I reviewed my receipt which indicated a purchase price of $99 and not $89. Sorry for the error.Finish Line allowed me to exchange my size 9 to a 9.5 which is a full size up from my foot measurement. The shoe feels much better and is marginally loose at the heel. The enhanced comfort makes this a more satisfying experience although I could have foregone the agita of sizing the shoe.", "I heard a lot about these sneakers and comfortable they were. Wow, that was no exaggeration, it is like walking on air. You can run, do squats, leg press, everything; really super nice. I will definitely buy another pair, for sure.", "I am reviewing these shoes after putting 500+ miles on them. These shoes are extremely comfortable even after the Hugh mileage. I've just started noticing sag on the inner and outer parts of the shoes (but I'm only 145lbs). I've put thes the free runs through rain runs, trail runs, and 2 obstacle course endurance races. Except for some tearing at the toe box they have held up nicely. My only complaint is that they collect the rocks like a champ. I know they aren't meant for trail but even on roads I collect enough rocks to make the run un comfortable. I have ould recommend these to only those running on clean streets or in a gym.", "great except for the black paint on the front comes off ! but over all nice shoe, very light !", "In some shoes I wear an 8 1/2 and others I wear a 9. I ordered a 8 1/2 in these and now I wish I had ordered a 9 cause they are a little snug, though not to the point that I can't wear them. These shoes are incredibly light though and are super comfortable for all sorts of activities. One of the best shoes I've ever owned and it's no wonder that I see people wearing them everywhere I go.", "Absolutely love this shoe. Very light and fits like a glove. I run fairly often, 3-5 miles 3-4 times a week, and these shoes provide great support and are extremely comfortable to run in. It doesn't hurt that they look really cool either...", "This is my second pair of these shoes. They offer an amazingly comfortable fit that helps you run the way you're supposed to. Very natural design they actually mold to your feet and running style over time...or seem too. Not a lot of heal support, but if you're running correctly, you don't need it. Very light and flexible.", "These shoes are definitely worth the money. They feel amazing on my feet. I've never worn more comfortable shoes in my life! They're also the most durable shoes I've had. I got these shoes around half a year ago and they have no holes, no nothin'. The feature I love most about these shoes is the flimsy material they're made with, giving them a barefoot-like feel. Highly recommended!", "I really feel the need to change my form running in these shoes. You feel as though you have light cushy pads attached to your feet, but with no upper support, it takes focus to land and stay neutral.  It snugs your foot alright, but the upper just seems to stretch with the force of each foot strike, letting your foot travel on top of the last. I understand this is not a supportive shoe, but the upper and lacing should allow the shoe to be snugged up, allowing the foot to feel as one on foot strike.  I've been running in performance trainers and racing flats for over 20 years, but I find this ride a bit hard to get use to.  I'll keep running in them but wouldn't buy them again.", "These would be decent shoes but they run very narrow, had to return because did not fit.  Ended up buying locally to ensure proper fit.", "Shoes came in early and in perfect condition :)I would recommend you buy these for anyone.I bought these for my BF and he loves them :)", "It would have been a nice shoe if they did not do this very unwise decision to put some kind of support /thin strip on top where the laces start / in the middle of the shoe which cuts trough your foot, creating quite of discomfort when you ware them longer. I have tried a few pairs and they all have that problem.Is not just defective one I came across...It would have been a nice shoe but...My foot is not wide ,its normal so I really think they made design mistake with this one.", "My second pair, should have gotten 1/2 size larger. These are &#34;soft&#34; shoes, I  only wear them in  my gym. I didn't know I would  get the so-called #3 style, my first pair was a #5; I  thought &#34;5&#34; was just a fancy branding.  Oh well,  still a great shoe for  indoors.", "While I like these sneakers very much (bought 3 pairs), I have to warn that if you plan to do ANY walking on GRAVEL (path, driveway, etc.) they will absolutely DRIVE YOU CRAZY (unless you enjoy constantly picking small pebbles out of shoe bottoms)!A note to Nike:  Try out your product design before putting them in to production.", "These are the best shoes I have ever purchased. I have run for ten years and done crossfit style working out for 6 and I have never found a pair of shoes so ideal or comfortable for both. I have flat feet and plantar fasciitis but these sure almost never enrage my feet while jump roping, sprinting, squatting or anything else.", "ive always been sketch on buying shoes online just cuz i wouldnt know if they would fit but these fit and are really comfortable and light. personally i think these are the best running shoes ive ever had although usually ive just bought cheap $20 shoes. this was most definately worth the extra money and they showed up a day early! winning!!!", "This shoe is extremely comfortable. I have a pair of the previous iteration (Nike Free Run+ 2), and I didn't think they could make anything more comfortable. I was wrong.Unfortunately, that's where the love affair ends. This was a sleek, beautiful black pair of shoes when first purchased. Unfortunately, after only two months of normal wear (not even everyday), the shoe looks a year or two old.1) The black outer material quickly broke down into showing white and gray creases and threads. This is most obvious in the star patterned \"slits\" around the sides. This makes the show now appear to have gray or \"graying\". (see user photo)2) Most disappointing is that the toe cap appears to be \"painted\" black rather than molded black. The slightest scuff will show through to the actual white material. And after a month or two of normal wear, it just looks awful. (see user photos)3) I keep finding tiny bits of black plastic under my sock when I take off the shoes. I can't find exactly where it's coming from, but it keeps appearing.Overall, one of the most comfortable shoes I've ever owned. And yet, after only a few months of use, it looks too rough to wear in casual situations. At $100 a pair, I expect more.Comfort: 5 starsQuality: 2 starsOverall value: 2 stars---UPDATE Mar-2013:Based on the comments to my review, it sounds like I might have gotten a bad issue or they've since made changes/improvements since the first run, which I purchased. They're still very comfortable. I use them often for running or working around the house. However, I don't think I'd buy another pair where the front appeared painted on.", "I've been running many years - at least thirty. I've run on Nike, New Balance, Adidas, Asics - The Free Run 3 is the most comfortable training shoe I have ever worn. Very light with tremendous arch support and feel. The padding system is just the ticket for old knees and back.", "Nike Free  Run 3'sAre you tired of getting holes in the bottom of your shoes? Well then go look at the Nike Free Runs. They have a very nice bottom. It is like a bunch of little squares. Which actually make it really hard to get a whole in the bottom of your shoe. But these shoes are really not made for someone who is not very active. This product is probably made for someone who is really in to running and all that stuff. But if you are pretty active and outside a lot. So that if they start to get a little black on the bottom just go play a game of football or soccer in them. And it will make them look like you had just barely bought them. I really love these shoes and I bet that you will love them to. They are one of my favorite shoes that I have ever owned.", "I wear these every day and I've come to the point that all I wear anymore is these type of Nikes. They offer ample arch support, and they are extremely light and comfortable.", "Can't believe how sweet these shoes are... Super light weight and comfortable... I actually am buying another pair because my 'gym pair' turned into my 'everyday pair' lol...", "By far the most comfortable shoes I have ever owned! The black ones don't look as good as the red ones IMO.There is a slot in one of the soles for a Nike pedometer thingy.", "These shoes were for my 10 year old son.  They have held up to his tough conditions.  They are pricey for a kid, but other less expensive shoes usually don't last him half as long.  The only down side is the price.  They arrived in a reasonable amount of time.", "I love these shoes!  I do a lot of heavy weight lifting and as we know, running shoes are terrible for squats, dead lifts, jerks and so on.  I workout outside a lot and these shoes are holding up fine.  I run in the sand, do hours of rope work throughout the week, tire flips, dead lifts, squats, etc.  Great shoes, good flat base, easy to slip on.", "Overall these shoes are fantastic with a minor flaw. I bought them to help transition towards a pure minimalist shoe with zero heel drop. They are extremely light with a 4mm heel drop and allow you to focus on your midfoot/forefoot strike. The outsole is very grippy, squishy/soft but supportive, and contours very well to the ground and shape of your foot.My only complaint - the tongue slides to the lateral aspect of my foot no matter what I do and is very annoying. I wish they kept the previous model design where the tongue was built into the lining. If you are deciding on the +2 vs 3.0, the +2 is slightly better bang for your buck as long as you can still get them.", "The shoes were as ordered and delivered the next with my 2-day PRIME order.  However, they ran a little small and I need to return for a 1/2 size larger.  The vendor does not allow exchanges, so I have to return and re-order.", "Very comfortable, nice styling, soft exterior but not water proof and you'll feel the cold on your feet in the winter. I got them a little tight and took out the insoles and they're still very comfortable. I'm not a runner but I felt so sure footed I jumped on a hydrant and then raced with my 7 year old daughter all the way back home.  If I can get 1 year out of them, for about $8 per month, it's worth it.", "I bought these for my boyfriend and he absoloutly loves them! He wears them constantly and they are super light.", "I've been a fan of the Nike Free Run series for 4 years now. It is lightweight and conformable.  The shoe top/exterior does seem to wear out quickly, and the treads get rocks stuck in them, but these are minor issues.", "This is my favorite shoes of all time!!! Light and durable!!! Their comfort is amazing!!! I will always keep it as my best and recommended shoes", "These shoes were exactly what my 13 year old was looking for.  We went to the Nike store at the mall, and they only had two styles and they were not the colors he wanted.  We were able to try them on there so we knew the size would fit.  When he was disappointed, he suggested to look online.  I was surprised that he went to Amazon.com.  The shipment and timing and price was all to my satisfaction.", "well these shoes are very nice... i have crappy flat feet and these are perfect for wearing daily, i have also run about 5 miles on the track at school since i got them and they are very light and comfortable. i recommend going to a store and trying them on because they fit weird if you have wide feet. also i got the all black ones because they arent strange colors, and the white on the bottom like this version turns a not very nice color when it gets dirty and stained", "So it isn't exactly like being barefoot (obviously), but it's closer than anything I've ever felt, including sandals.  One hundred is a lot for a pair of shoes, but it was worth it for me.  I was a believer in the theory behind the shoe (that all other shoes are &#34;babying&#34; our feet), and getting these confirmed my belief.  Way to go Nike.  Now if you could just stop using child labor to make them...", "Highly recommend! Quick turn around even though we ordered during holidays. Arrived before we expected them. All around a fantastic experience.", "The shoes arrived in real Nike box all components in the shoe functioned as intended and just all around great shoes for running.", "Will order again - perfect - cute little guy shoes  :)  Fast shipment arrived on time - just as described!!", "Hot Punch is like an extremely neon pink, not pale at all, just full of such character. Because I love them so much I wear these only for indoor cardio and they do the job and somehow just make me completely happy while doing it. Wow I jump HIGH wearing these babies. I usually wear a 9 but I could only find a 10 and they still fit fine. Of course they are very functional for exercise or just looking super cute.", "Ordered them on friday and got an expected delivery date between Oct 4 and Oct 10. Had them at my door on October 1st! I ordered a size up as most reviews for this shoe stated but think I could have done with just half a size up. I couldn't find this shoe in this color and my size ANYWHERE. Thank you RunnWalk :) Was super happy to find it and enjoyed every bit of my quick run this morning.", "These are the best shoes out there. They are light, and with every stride air flows through the front of the shoe. They make workouts and runs way easier and ultimately more comfortable. I love that they dont have a hard plastic bit supporting the heel of the shoe because after a long time of use it seems to start to give blisters and dig into the back of your foot; however this is not the case with these runners. They are simply just make out of material, making it easier to slip on and off as well. I am aware the price is a bit high, however they are SO worth it. everyone needs a good pair of running shoes! Do your feet a favour!!", "Love love LOVE these shoes! I typically wear a 7.5 so I ordered a 7.5. They fit like a glove and are ridiculously comfortable. Not to mention I get compliments at the gym every time I wear them. A+", "i need the Nike Wmns Free Run+ 3 Tropical Twist.  i found then online; i normally wear a size 7 but about 2 yrs ago when i bought new nikes i needed 7.5.  the reviews all say size up.  my question is will and 8 be ok since this sneaker runs small and it seems nike is making there sneakers smaller?  thank you for your opinion.-laira", "Buy these if you want to make a fashion statement. If you want to run with these then forget it. These are the worst shoes ever for running, ever since i bought this have been having issues with my foot.", "Number 1 these are \"barefoot running\" shoes if you want to understand what that is the following link is helpful:[...]I see one negative review here does not even mention barefoot running! Ok I blame Nike a little, they have tiny sticker on the inside of the box, they need to wrap the box in Yellow Tape and call it \"Caution Barefoot Running Shoe\"! Barefoot running is a tehnique - it does not mean that you are actually running without shoes.I do not wear them as a general leisure shoe and so my review does not cover that.Chose Nike Free because of :1. An excellent review on the Guardian.co.uk[...]2. The Running Room recommended them for beginnersRepeat Caution : these are all about barefoot running, if that is not what you want buy something else.I run with my dog and they are outstanding. Had a car crash and broke my knee and so when I came back to running wanted to run properly and use the foot rather than shock my knee and body and reduce injury. \"Barefoot running\" achieves this. Nike Free is a great introduction without having to wear a glove like contraption and is a good transition from a traditional running shoe. Very comfortable - naturally you adopt the barefoot style wearing them (I did) and run on the ball of your foor rather than your heel. Apparently you should use them for less than 10k and on pavement or a soft gravel path, not necessarily designed for trail running (although I have not tried it).Excellent product that helps you adopt the Barefoot running style. Be careful, research and plan your change of running style to barefoot.", "My husband loves these, but their not in stores anymore and I want to suprise him. So please get them in size 9 for men", "The concept of a running shoe which simulates the feel of running barefoot is a great idea.  Shoes hold up pretty well through vigorous workouts and outdoor running scenarios.  Only downside is I'd avoid trails, especially rocky trails since you will feel the rocks (like running barefoot).  Other than that the functionality is superb especially in the gym or along flat trails.", "I love the shoes, this will be my third pair of these. I wear them so much it causes them to fall apart. i did however have to return these because of the size. I wear an 11, we bought an 11.5. and i couldnt even get them on. I ended up purchasing a 13. Nike runs small, but free runs run even smaller!", "I own several pairs of these and I ADORE them!  They fit perfectly and are super comfortable.  I can work out for hours and not have achy feet afterwards.  HIGHLY recommend.", "Highly recommended skers... the weight and synergy is perfect....I got them for my wife and she described them as the best nike ever.", "These shoes are fantastic.  Very comfortable and has lots of cushion that I need when running.  No problem with knees or shins.  I'll buy these shoes again when I need to replace the once I just purchased.", "Very nice comfy shoes. Run a little small. I ordered a size larger than usual and they fit fine. Walk several miles a day and these work well.", "I love these shoes. I wear them on the treadmill for walking. I wear them around the house, and out and about. Very comfortable.", "These are great shoes for running!  I bought them hoping that replacing my cheap running shoes with something more supportive would reduce the joint pain I was having in my knees when I ran, and so far, it has.  And I've been complimented on how cute they look :)", "Again order 1/2 size up for Nike.  I was disappointed these shoes are lighter and less cushioned than the Vomero 6's. Sent them back and still looking for a worthy replacement for the 6's.", "This is my third pair of Vomeros and each pair seems even better than the one before, if that is possible. After years of buying all the wrong shoes I have found a winner!", "Love these shoes my second pair. I am worried Nike will stop making them. Fit perfect out of the box, plenty of cushion, (which seems hard to find these days).", "I needed this shoes because i started running and i love them, they re not heavy at all, and they look great in all my outfits", "This are from my wife, but I've been running since 6 years ago with Vomeros and their are excellent product! nice color, perfect functionallity, I really recomend it! for runners pros, begginers and amateurs...", "These are nice shoes and so far I am enjoying them.  The one problem I have is big toe bunions and the last pair of Nike shoes I bought had extra pads on the big toe and little toe area which made the comfort level the greatest.  I find these shoes to cause pain after I walk my 4-6 miles.  Not sure that is an accurate statement as it may not be the shoes causing the pain, but my big toes are sore after walking in these shoes. Thought I would try these as my old style was not available in my size.", "This is my second Zoom Vomero by Nike. I can't help but compare this to the older Zoom Vomero that I still have. In terms of the cushion, my older Vomero has much better cushion than this new one. Other than the cushioning, I like this running shoes. It has pretty colors and quality is really good.", "I'm nearly 50 yrs old and run several times a week from 3-8 miles each outing. I have a high arch and need a wider toe box. These shoes are the best! They were recommended by my local running store and I've never had joint pain even after a 10 mile run.", "I had a knee replacement and needed some walking shoes with a lot of cushion.  The Vomero 6 was perfect.  It was like walking on a sponge.  I didn't like the way my foot moved around in the shoe.  I purchased the Vomero 7 and love the way my foot is secure in the shoe.  But the cushion is very poor.  I can feel the street with every step.  I have already walked 12 miles in it so I cannot return it.  I think I am going to have to give them to Goodwill and search for a shoe with more cushion. That is $125 down the drain.", "It has been a huge adjustment running in these over my Brooks. They are like running in a cloud, great fluffy support in the heels. Unusual overall fit to get used to as compared to other running shoes, but they are great distance running shoes. For shorter runs (just a couple of miles) they are a bit much for me, I like more flexibility, but longer runs they have proved to be pretty awesome.", "Product wore out in 3 months sole separated from body of shoe. This was not expected of a Nike shoe product", "Great fit. I like that the shoe bends well when I move. It would look softer in a lighter shade of grey.", "not what I had expected so I had to return them. colors are ok, but the laces are super hard to pull", "I was very happy to find this exact pair to replace the pair that just wore out.  My first pair was purchased at a runners store and was specially selected to cushion my feet for step aerobics and dance classes.  They worked well ( although I also put Super Feet inserts in them.)", "I have worn Vomeros for several years and think they are the most comfortable shoe to run in. Despite getting dissed in that book Born to Run (because they are too comfy), I am proud to wear them, and I love the chip that sychs with my Nike mileage watch and iPod.", "I bought these shoes to replace an old pair of Nike running shoes that were falling apart.  I had tried replacing them with a different brand about a year ago, but those always left my feet sore after wearing them  I love these shoes.  They fit great and are very light and comfortable.", "They are perfect shoes, they were sent on the model size indicated and as requested, I agree to the product, I recommend", "very comfortable for walking and running . the color is also fantastic. i bought it for my sister. Well, I've been a fan of Nike items since childhood.", "Comfortable when running, but not impressed with the overall style of the shoe.  I wear a size 7, but wish I had gotten a half size bigger.  The shoe is durable and materials are good quality.  I've had these about 6 months and am already looking for another shoe which is a little more lightweight and more cushioned.I previously owned the Nike Vomero 2, which were amazing.  These just aren't nearly as good.", "Very satisfied with the purchase carried out product since it is of excellent quality and they are original and I recommend it thoroughly.", "When my wife tried on the shoes they fit perfectly.  She where's them on occasion when we all around the city.  I would definitely order these shoes again?", "I love this shoe!  I suffer from heel pain and arthritis in both knees.  I am very particular about athletic shoes and these are the bomb!  I am not a runner, but a swift walker.  13-14 min. mile, 3-4 miles at a time.  The cushioning is this shoe has held up for about a year.  Just received Vomero 8s for christmas and purchased 7s on sale.  Give them a try!", "These sneakers are amazing! They're really comfortable and breathable. I haven't tried the Nike+ feature yet, but I'm sure it will add to a good review too.", "I bought these as a recommendation from a runners store after they did a full foot and stride analysis and recommended these running shoes for me.  My knee pain is gone while I run. This is a great shoe. I am very happy with this purchase! I will buy them again when they wear out.", "It took me a long time to realized that good shoes are important and to get good shoes you have to spend the cash.  Several years ago I was having so any issues that I went to a small independent running store.  They watched me walk, listened to my issues and out of all the shoes they stocked, choose the NIke Vomero.  I always thought I was an 8.5 or 9, but they choose a 9.5 for me so I would encourge you to have it fit at a sotre and then check out Amazone.  Since that time I have purchased two more pair on Amazon.  Not necessairly less expensive, although I did get a deal on one was, but I really hate to shop and for that Amazone is so perfect for me because it comes right to your house, no driving, no parking, save time and money.  One pair lasts about 6 -8 months for me with daily wear and gym use six days a week.  I did not like the other color combinations aviallalbe from Nike on the Vomero put the gray and purple is tolerable.", "sole was still and not enough arch support for long runs. too much room in the forefoot causing my feet to slide around", "I've worn Nike running shoes for more than 30+ years and love them.  I plan to run in them for another 30 years.", "I have worn the Vomero for a few years now and they did not let me down once again.  A very supportive and cushy shoe.", "No more knee pain!  They are way more cushioned than the pegasis, however the fit in the heel seems a bit big. I think part of that is the extra cushion, but I've just learned to tighten them a lot tighter to make it not feel wierd.Great shoe!", "Great shoe.  Wish there was the same flexibility as the older model in the &#34;bunion&#34; area.  Other than that, very nice, lots of padding.", "Seller was efficient - delivery was prompt. Item was true to its description, and most importantly, price is reasonable. Shoes are comfortable and in line with the typical NIKE sizing.", "I got this for my ten year old. He loves them, he says they are so light he doesn't feel he's wearing shoes at all", "The main problem was that they were too narrow.  Not at all the same width as a womans shoe of the same length. So beware if you are a women with anything but a slender foot.  The show will most likely not be wide enough.", "My 10 year old loves his Nike frees especially as they just scrape into the dress code of white runners!", "A great pair of shoes. My son loves them, they feature great colors and are very comfortable. I would recommend them to anyone.", "These shoes are very comfortable.I typically wear a women's size 8 and got these shoes in a youth boys size 7 and they fit perfect!", "While we love these shoes for feel and ease, they are ruined after a little over a month.  The material, while \"breatheable,\" lends to a terrible odor when they get wet.  They do not dry well if they get wet.  We were stuck out in the rain and both kids' shoes got wet.  I gently cleaned them, then put them out in the sun to dry for a long time.  There has been a bad mildew odor ever since that I just cannot get out.  When the kids wear them, their feet smell for days!  So gross.  $140 down the drain (2pairs) and now they are in the garbage.  I'd steer clear.", "I bought the shoes for my nehpew. He has worn them about two weeks, generally they are good, but if they could be wider a little bit, they would be perfect. The duarability is unclear so far, hopefully good.", "I also bought these for my 9 year old boy and within 5 months they where torn through and trashed! Not made to hold up. Kind of disappointed with NIKE brand. We paid a lot and did not get quality shoes.", "My 9 yr old just had to have these...he loved the bright colors, but the material used is very light and thin.  we have some tearing already where his toe rubs.  if your kid is hard on shoes, these wouldnt be my first choice.", "it didn't last long at all to snug to bright light good running shoe like the swish expensive ugly sexy", "They are a great item, my wife is real happy with them. They are a kids size 6 and my wife wears size 7.5 in women and they fit her good.", "I bought these for my 8 year old son last year, and he absolutely loves these.They are amazingly light, and he also loves how comfortable they are.He wears a uniform to school 3 days a week and the other 4 days he wears these shoes non-stop.They have shown quite a bit of wear on the upper portion of the shoe, so I am looking to replace them, but that is after 10 months of wear.  His feet are actually outgrowing the shoes before they wear out, so now I am looking for a 2nd pair.I bought his shoes at a Nike factory outlet for around $40, so I was disappointed with the Amazon price.", "Sneakers look great! Red color looks awesome! My son loved them when they came! I look forward to getting him another pair.", "The colors looked even better when i got them. Super comfy and i was so lucky to get it in GradeSchool sizes because its way cheaper then womens sizes!", "Great shoes for anyone: My kid loves it. It was pleasure to receive product that fit out of the box.", "I started off by buying myself (2) pairs of the men's style of these shoes from a local store (before I checked Amazon) and couldn't believe how comfortable they were. The shoes were buy one get the second pair half price. I then went back and purchased a pair for my son and a pair of the women's style (in grey and fusia) for my wife. Both my son and wife love the shoes. My wife said they are the most comfortable running shoes she's ever had. She also loves the style and colour. I wanted to get her another pair so I went on Amazon to see if they sold them and found the shoes from this seller for a lower price than I paid for the first (4) pairs...even with shipping!! I bought her another pair of the same shoes in the Cool Grey colour scheme from this seller so she can be styling with more outfits. I totally recommend this seller and these shoes in both the men's and women's styles !!!!", "I love this pair of sneakers! Such a difference from the nike shocks. Makes running a lot easier wearing a lighter shoe.", "Love these shoes. They have held up perfectly. Everyone is always asking me where I got them! Will order again!!!!", "Great shoe--bought for my daughter. They are lightweight and slightly low profile (minimalist and not too cushioned). She likes them very much for PE, track conditioning and general training.", "I work on my feet running around for 12 hours a day. I really needed comfortable, supportive sneaks because my feet always hurt. After wearing these for the last few weeks, I have no more sore feet at work! My feet are happy. I am happy. Oh and don't let me forget, they are SUPER CUTE!", "This shoe is identicle to it's full size. Nike uses the same high quality materials they use in the full size lunarglide!", "Was very impressed with the PO delivery. Shoes are beautiful color and so comfortable. Really good running shoes. I would recommend them for a good running shoe.", "Love these shoes! Good cushion and support, so not for the 'barefoot' shoe phase. The colors are great. I'm considering buying another pair. True to size.", "This is at least my 4th pair, and can depend on these to be comfortable and supportive.  I have tried others, but these I can depend upon.", "It was abnormally wide and not very well made. My son has destroyed this shoe in less than 2 months. Going back to Adidas.", "I don't mind because he's a small child, and his feet are constantly growing so it's really not too much of a problem.", "Bought these for a friend for her birthday. She says they are comfortable but do require a break-in period. She is an avid walker and says the Nike Zooms seem to be a decent walking shoe although at the end of the day her feet are tired-so she has a second pair of walking shoes that are not Nike that she wear for a couple of hours to &#34;relax&#34; her feet.", "like them they fit pretty good would buy them again I own 2 other pair of Nikes love the colors", "I normally end up getting one size bigger, now with the wider fit option, I get the perfectly fitted running shoes, And love the cushioning forms arc, and always love these Nike brand.", "I would normally use size 9 but I bought a 8.5 as it came in wide. The fit was perfect", "I love the color.  The comfort is not as comfy as the Vomero 6.  I wish they would bring that style back.  Shipping was very fast.", "Totally love this shoes when I received. Nice color and fit size as well. I will purchase again if need it.", "These shoes are awesome--I love a light fit & having these are such an inspiration to continue working out! GREAT product!", "I love this shoe so much, this is my second time purchasing. It's soft and comfortable. I'm not a sneaker fan because I don't like tight fitting shoes, nor do I like thick soles. This is a great running shoe. There is no hard hitting the pavement and super flexible so my feet never hurt!!", "i love the color and comfort. the size was what i expected when i ordered. i'm so glad i got it.", "This is my 3rd pair of these sneakers. They feel like I'm walking on air. Love them. Will definety buy again", "I positively LOVE LOVE THESE SNEAKERS!!!!!  SO COMFORTABLE AND LIGHT!! COLOR IS GORGEOUS TOO!! PERFECT FOR WORKING OUT OR WALKING....DISNEY WORLD HERE I COME!!!!", "i love my new shoes they are really beautiful and comfortable i really like it because are pretty nice and cool", "Very comfortable, I can be wearing all day without a problem. If you are planning to go from store to store (shopping) make sure you a wear them. Perfectly fit.", "i bought this shoe because i needed a light shoe to workout in. This shoe is exactly that. light weight and comfortable. It also fit true to size. It is very thin and not really flexible however and i dont see them lasting for too long (a year or so, tops).", "These shoes were way to small for me.. also the tounguewas not even padded and cut a hole in my ankle..Nike is the only shoe I wear. These went right back the same day.", "I ordered a 1/2 size bigger since other similar Nikes seem to all run narrow, but they still pinch the sides of my feet a little & I don't even have particularly wide feet...been wearing them for 3 weeks now, 2-3 classes aweek, so maybe they'll still loosen up a bit...Nike should really consider making them a bit wider, but love the colors!", "Very good and comfartable for training and yoga. My friend is very happy with this choise. Nike is a good one to go.", "it's just what i want, beatuiful shoes, with the right size and color, it's exactly like i want it, thank you", "I love my boots, sn as is what I wanted the perfect size, and I display with much happiness from Venezuela", "love these nikes. basic black and white coloring goes with a lot. super light and very comfortable. not a ton of support, but great for travel, excercise and everyday", "really comfortable. They sit tight on the foot, and feel great and supportive for walking and running. These shoes are very true to the picture.", "i bought them for my sister for her bday shes a size 11 which i ordered but they are more so like  asize 9.5/10 way to small and way to tightto me they also look a little different from the picture they are a little more dule in color not pitch black", "Lots of walking and touring this year to Western Caribbean and Hawaiian Islands. These shoes will work get their workout.", "The item arrived on time and fits true to size.The truth,  I love their color, however you sweat a lot in them.Apart, for $105 pair of older model, I think its too much, but the worst is that after 2 month working out in a gym wearing them, the sole start breaking apart from the shoe, though they look like new!Thinking of contacting Nike, since its seem to be a manufactue damage!!!", "I really am emjoying the sneakers. They are really comfortable and even have cushioned insoles inside of the shoes.  Love them!!", "I LOVE these shoes!!  I get cramps in my arches so I needed some new shoes... I went to Footlocker, tried them on and the memory foam inside instantly sold me. I bought the pair of pink and black ones in February (hopefully this is the right link Nike Women's NIKE IN-SEASON TR WMNS TRAINING SHOES) but the cloth right by my big toe ended up ripping within 2 months.  I loved the foam in the shoes so much that I didn't really care that they broke so soon, I just had to have another pair.  I seen this pair on amazon and noticed that there was an improvement made to the cloth by the toe area so I bought them.  I've used them for walking, running, and everyday wear.  They've lasted around 6 months now with no rips :) I just seen that the TR 2 has come out so I will be purchasing those in the near future.  The combo of arch support socks and these shoes have helped my feet become pain free", "Altough i didnt buy them from Amazon i can say they are 5.0 Free meaning they are from 1-10 as the extreme barefoot sensationi can feel like almost walking barefoot, this is my first time using that Nike free technology.They fit well and are comfortable. Personally since is my first time wearing themi experienced some joint pain in my knees.I have 8 months training at the gym and 3 months doing spinning.", "These are great shoes for training in the gym. Feels very natural. More than a lot of athletic shoes, but you get what you pay for.", "I have a problem even believing these are real Nikes!  They look poorly constructed and don't even fit over my foot to try them on.  This is the most disappointing purchase I've made on Amazon yet.  I'm returning them immediately and I'm disappointed to find out they don't even cover the shipping with the refund.  My sister bought these shoes at a department mall in CT and the quality was night and day from these.  DO NOT BUY!", "I love the foam inside, and it fits in the foot. It dries easily and lasts forever! I look for something similar in my country and they never brought this.", "My daughter was very happy with the fit and performance of these shoes.  She wears them every time she works out at the gym.", "I am in love with this shoe. It has an insert that is like memory foam for your feet. It is soooooooooo comfy. Love them!", "Love these shoes!I bought them for summer workouts when it was too warm to wear my other workout shoes. They are what I expected cool and lightweight.With such a thin sole I wondered if they would give me enough support and cushioning for my workouts and I ws surprised that they did! They also look great on casual days with jeans.", "Seems like there should have been a &#34;m&#34; and &#34;w&#34; option. My foot visablity pooches out of the shoe :)", "I play racquetball as much as possible, I've had these for a little less then one year and they have not fallen apart as I expected. I play as much as 3-6 times a week. Was a great purchase", "I ordered these shoe for my husband for a birthday present. He likes them a lot, and the fit is great for him, too.", "i love these sneakers i use these sneakers for the gym, basketball and other sporting activities they are comfortable and good for anything they even look good while ur out", "shoes are expected, very comfortable and excellent quality, I recommend 100% is needed for sports, they are very easy to wash", "Still wear this shoe. Very comfortable and stylish. Needs a Lil cleaning now and then from the dust and dirt. But, great shoe overall.", "My son really likes these shoes and they are holding up better than the last $120 pair of Jordan's he had.  I was nervous buying him shoes without him seeing them first hand but it paid off big time - nice product.", "These were part of my fianc&eacute;s birthday gift, and he only wears high tops and is quite picky, so I think I was just as pleased as him when they arrived, the transaction was idealistic, early, true two size, and appear just as described!", "Fit perfect. Holding up well after a month. Vibrant colors, the yellow stands out very bright. Comfortable and easy to get on/off", "Really solid shoe if you just want to head to the gym and shoot some hoops. They have served me very well so far. One thing is your feet do get kind of hot. Overall the obvious choice of shoe for 60 dollars.", "I must say this product shipped out faster than I expected, just in time for school to start! Also, the shoe appears EXACTLY as the picture portrays, no unexpected surprises. My son wears a size 14, so finding his size is a obstacle all in itself. Needless to say he is thrilled with them. Thanks a bunch!!", "It feels a little big on me. I should have purchased the 9.5 size. I like the way it looks though.", "Good for when you ball every now and then or play recreationally in the park. Good price as well for Nike,", "For the price, you can't beat it's quality, durability, and fit.  My grandson is really tough on shoes and this one has lasted very well.", "My daughter play travel basketball and has had them for about a month now....was a little hesitant at first but now she loves them.  No doubt because everyone else on the team approved of the different look and gave her the &#34;style&#34; approval.  She says they were comfortable right away and give her fantastic support.", "Originally the shoe was decent. It did what is was suppose to do. However after only two months of play one of the shoes ripped at the top. I do play very hard so I understand it may be me however I believe this shoe is just not very durable.", "Really good shoes. I have worn them at least 5 times already and they are great and comfortable. Look very nice too!", "Shoes look very nice. Also work very good on the courts. Very sturdy feeling and grippy. I would recommend these to anyone trying to get good basketball shoes.", "These shoes are great and fit just as expected. I bought these shoes for my son and he love them.", "the last pair that I purchased was too small I went a size up and their good, I am pleased.", "My son wears a fourteen and often local store carry only a small stock of larger size shoes.  This leaves us with very few options.  Thank God for Amazon.  He's able to scour pages to find the perfect shoe for himself.  And they fit perfectly!", "The size fit perfectly. The quality is great, and the material is nice and smooth! they shipped out very fast and I would definately buy them again!", "Good shoes. Far above my expectations. Waooooooo might get another color as these are just too good to have one color", "Really liked these shoes when I first saw this online. Was really excited when I recieved it. Shoes are really comfortable and definetly can't wait to get more from this seller.", "i love it and my son will too on christmas morning. thank you for getting it here on the right time.", "I bought these for my son and he likes them a lot.  Great fit and good grip.  I would recommend", "Just a Nike shoes, I mean, PERFECT! Design and confection very very well. Very confortable and the perfect combination of colors", "My boyfriend loves it. It looks great, just like in the picture. Definitely worth the money I spent. Would buy again in another color.", "These are surprisingly good shoes. Easy to run and play in, and light. I would recommend getting colorful laces because with out laces they look pretty boring.", "Nice lightweight shoe.  Seem better than air Jordan's at a cheaper price.  Very comfortable and they make you run faster and jump higher.", "Shoes arrived in a very short time after order was placed. They tend to run a little narrow in width and were very tight fitting when I used them for the first time. Hopefully time and more usage will help in stretching them out to where they are a little more comfortable to wear. Only real disappointment was the lack of cushioning in the sole and lack of quality tread for traction purposes. They are more for casual wear than for performance on the court.", "EXCELENTE", "Perfect pair of bball shoes. havent played in a while threw these on and hit the court with ease. Very comfortable", "Good Product nice for basketball practice. Some look a like to the 90's Air Jordan. My nephew is very happy so.. :) i am ok", "This is by far one of the greatest shows... I would never play in them...and did a mention they look awesome ok that is all", "Shoes were just as advertised. They came quickly too and you can't beat the price. I broke them in for about six hours of just casual activity and played in them the next day. They were very comfortable and I had no problems at all. Very happy", "They are good basketball shoes. I don't know the longevity of it since I have been using them for a month or so but I would recommend them.", "I was scared purchasing a pair of shoe that I haven't been able to try on. When I received the, I tried them on and they fit. I play basketball every Monday night and love this shoe. Nice shoe with a better price. Nike has never steered me wrong with basketball shoes.", "Exactly what I expected from the description. I have a big foot (size 16) so I hate ordering shoes online because of the fit issues but these fit perfectly and are great quality. Would certainly but from them again.", "Bought these for my husband and he seems very happy with them.He wears them to work and they seem to be holding up fine.", "If you have a picky teenager who insists on Nike footwear, this is a good choice. Reasonable priced (for Nike), and the fit was as expected.", "My son enjoys this shoe for basketball and it is very light weight, comfortable and stylish. It is a bit of a bear to get on though. He has to really pull the laces out far to wiggle his foot in and while it has gotten easier over the past few weeks as he has broken them in it is one of the more challenging shoes he has to get on easily.", "I always by Nike a 1/2 some larger for my Husband since he has EEE width but they look gorgeous on him. The quality is fabulous and the price unbeatable.", "With Nikes I always go up half a size and it works out for me. Great price, great shoe. They are comfortable and look great. They are used with 3/4 insoles and hold up great doesn't look wide.", "They are better looking in person that in picture, i think thery are ok i dont espeacilly like it but i dont wear it either.", "As expected. Shoes were purchased for a young man who had no shoes and no means to buy them.  He was very happy", "They're super comfortable durable and look like i have barely worn them i have had them for 3 months. I really like them.", "Its a gift for my grandchildren.  Its amazing.  We are really happy with this product.  Thanks a lot.  My grandchildren is very happy.", "It gave me a cut on my left foot. just below the ankle. it keeps hurting me on the same spot", "so, i bought these shoes as a gift.  I gave them to my boyfriend in March 2013--now, 3-4 months later they are literally FALLING APART!  the rubber bottoms are detaching from the sides of the shoes and all along the toe.  :(", "My bf ordered these off my account and they came true to size and just as expected. Hes basically completely worn them out from how often he wears them!", "The shoes are very nice, very soft to meet expectations and all product data presented. They are excellent. They came to my country in a suitable period of time, they may recommend the purchase.", "Was looking for a reasonable pair of shoes that hold up well, these did not disappoint. Sick of buying cheap shoes that only last 3 months from wallmart & decided to give these a try, not had any issues with falling apart to date & I have not been kind to these shoes.", "Too tight for me, return it. Will go to a store and purchase it. Have to try it out before buying any shoe.", "I bought these shoes for my husband who has been wanting new basketball shoes for a while now. He is a 10.5 and the shoes fit perfectly. He wore them straight out of the box for 3 days to break them in and he had no blisters or soreness from wearing stiff new shoes. He said that they were incredibly comfortable out of the box and that he loves them.", "They're great shoes. Good traction, good fit, comfortable. I've been playing basketball for 15 years and I've never had shoes I liked more.", "I bought these kicks for my bf. He loved them from jump street. He wears an 8 1/2 in Jordan's yet for some reason, I felt compelled to go up a half size and opt for the 9! Great decision indeed. The merchant even but a card in the box so that the next time I ordered from them, I'd get a percentage off!!!", "The shoes look exactly like the picture right out of the box. There's really one slight problem, if you have broad feet you should think twice before getting these pair of shoes, kinda tight on the side. The shoes is very light on the feet, just holding the box you'll be wondering if there is really a pair of shoes in the box. It is also soft and nice on the inside but behind the heal feels like you would get blister cause not much cushion behind it. It don't look long lasting in my opinion but I'll see how long it holds up. I love the shoes cause it look really great and stylish on my feet.", "These are the kind of shoes to play basketball every day.  Very nice fit, great support, improves stability, keeps your feet dry, and so on. Great deal.", "I bought these shoes in January thinking they would be an upgrade over my 3 year old basketball shoes. And though they were, they slowly started to fall apart. Started with the inner bottom lining of the shoe and is now splitting at the seams. I'll be picking up a pair of Nike Hyperdunks to replace these.", "I didn't expect them to be this comfortable.  Excellent choice.  Shipping was quick and sealed perfectly.  Definitely recommend this style to anyone!", "These shoes were bought as a birthday gift. It is a busy gift month for me. When I received them, I quickly opened the box, saw the correct size,color, and packaged & put them away.Upon presentation, the guy lifted them out of the box, made a strange face, and asked\"are these supposed to be new?\"I told him yes, and asked to see them.In inspecting them closer, I saw what he had: 2  scuffed shoes, at varying places, slightly worn soles, and a disgusting old cheese -like odor. I was deeply embarrassed.I grabbed an envelop, and put cash in it, and gave him that instead while apologizing for the condition of the shoes. A guest offered to take them, to try, and have them cleaned, and put them in a donation box. I gave the go ahead for that, since someone at home had thrown away my invoice.What I don't understand is why I got this shabby smelly pair, when I paid for a new item!It's a shame because I had previously bought a pair in black, of this type of shoe and they fit great, were comfortable, and arrived in new as promised condition.In consideration of this, I want to make clear that this review is for the used pair in poor condition that I received only.", "I love Nikes shoes and these were a great quick and cheep option for playing ball with some work buddies.", "Purchased for my 19 year old son who needed a pair for the summer. He loved the way they looked on his feet, and the way they fit.", "i would give this shoe four stars. the shoe fit as expected and they look ok my only complaint is that they fit kinda tight on the uper toe section", "Really nice shoes. I ordered these in a normal width as I do in all my shoes. This shoe was a little narrow and hurt my toes for a while until they were broken in. Otherwise, love the quality, colors and would recommend to anyone. I get compliments on them all the time. Got them for a decent price on Amazon. Try one on in a local store first if at all possible before buying online. I could not find these shoes anywhere locally.  Another shoe you may consider is the Air Max 2013. They are true to size, look great and very comfortable.", "I really like these shoes! Fit is great! The price was even better! I want these shoes in more colors.", "d e f i n i  e l y l o v e m y shoes was everything i especting", "Extremely comfortable ! ! ! ! ! ! !  Best shoe I ever bought ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !", "its really tight around the toes and I only worn it twice and it hurts my toes. Very cool looking sneaker but painful to walk in, so it just sit in the shoe box now in great condition. I have to look into a better sneaker now.", "I play tennis 2 hours a day, three days a week. I needed a tennis shoe that would provide the comfort and cushion to support my ground game..I would rate the Nike Zoom among the best and even better than some of the more expensive shoes I've worn", "They are basic Nikes. They work well on da two feet. I use them for biking, not walking. Neon is cool.", "Comfortable shoe. Maybe too. They're so soft it's actually a distraction. This is my second pair of these. I haven't worn out the first one so I have them in black and now white.", "Great Shoes....Very nice colors. Very good Fit. My Sons loved them as well as my daughters. Cushioned soles are great...", "Better than the new one style-wise, at least to me. Weight is ok, breathes well, supportive. Maybe I'm the wrong person to consult about fashion though...", "I have tried wearing it and the size did not seem perfect and since I am using it away from US find it difficult to replace.  However was happy with the quality", "I mean they are good nikes. There's not much to say really, comfortable and breath well. Very bright haha I like that but just letting you know.", "Great Pair of Shoes, I'm happy with this purchase...They're Comfortable, Light and very aesthetic... I bought it for my Hubby and he loves them!", "These are really comfortable, light weight and look good as well.  Nike has the best workout and cross traing shoes I have ever purchased.", "Believe me, these shoes will make you wanna run around the Whole Country twice, then more! As soon as I tried em on, I admediately became More Active. Very comfortable for the Gym, Track, Basketball Court, etc... The Biggest Plus is they look Good on your feet. So wearin em out gets ya a lot of looks, considering that Bright Green color jumps out atch ya. Not to mention they're Nike Shoes, which makes Amazon such a Great Source to shop from. You just type in what brand shoe you want, then BAM, all these choices pop up for you to choose from. I love to take my time and look at every kind, hard to do that at any Store. Highly Recommended, you'll love em! Happy Training People", "they are very confortable, goes very much is everything. i really like this tennis and i really am glad i bought it!", "It looks good, but my dad said it's a little uncomfortable on his feet. He wears it sometimes, but really. Personally I think there are better products out there. Or at least buy shoes from the store rather than the internet", "Very impressed with the quality. My daughter loves these Nikes and they fit like a glove. She loves wearing them everywhere.", "I am a workout rat.  And this shoes have improve my workout routines.  I would recommended them, even they are a little expensive.", "I purchased the Free Trainer 5.0 in March of 2013 - and the 2nd pair in December of 2013.Great for working out and training in the gym.Allows me a light workout shoe that helps me feel the ground better than most shoes (i tore my achilles last year) i tried after my injury.", "had to return because too small and tight and now  need to have my reward points returned to my account.", "My son loved the shoe. They are very light weight and he loves the bright color as well. He wants more in many colors now.", "I am trying to run more.  When I gotten these shoes, I didn't realize how comfortable they are and how light.  I would recommend getting the NIKE Free Run.", "great training shoe, fits a little tight though but seems to loosen up within a 1/2 hour or so, really flexible and seems to help with balance, i would definetly consider buying another pair", "These shoes not only are comfortable and supportive they are stylish to the point that they get notice...I have never owned a pair of shoes that got so much positive attention!", "I just received these the other day as a Birthday present and love them. Exactly what I was looking for and they got to my house in a timely fashion. They look and feel great. Might purchase a similar pair soon.", "Buen vendedor, producto en buen estado y despachado en el tiempo indicado, responsable, atento, los zapatos se encuentran bien, totalmente nuevoss", "Purchased this size 12 for my 15 year old.  I was very concerned that it was going to make his already long foot looker longer.  It did not.  It looks great on his foot.  He says that it is very comfortable. We were looking at some nike free 5.0 at Dick's sporting good and we are glad we purchased these.  They were half the price with the same comfort.", "Great shoes fit great. Shoxs are great shoes anyway. Nikes are the best shoes out there anyway highly recommend. Vary comfortable and great looking too", "Runs a little tight in width for my size ten but breaking in fine.  Arch and sole support are excellent. Recommended", "This is an AWESOME shoe.  I purchased an extra pair, since NIKE seems to have discontinued the Tailwind series.  The fit, feel and overall comfort are tremendous.  I would recommend these to anyone that is an avid sports fan.", "These shoes are fantastic, they fit great and feel great when I run, no pressure on my knees or ankles. Nike certainly got it right with this shoe.", "It's very hard to write a recommendation for shoes.  Due to the differences in the shape of the human foot the best I can do here is review the shoe itself.  I have not owned a lot of Nike shoes but this shoe is constructed extremely well.  I have worn Merrell's for years but find these just as comfortable.  The \"Tailwind 96\" provides excellent support, are light and you can wear them all day.  I think you'll be very happy with this choice ~ and the color isn't bad either, goes great with Levi's.", "I bought these hoes for my father, because hi only can run and swiming righ now. the shoes are very confortable a beatiul, he's happy with this gift.", "I love the shoes and the look.  They are very comfortable and fit as expected.  Nike knows there trade.  Thank you.", "This is a very comfortable Shoe.  Lightweight and sturdy.  also very stylish.  Before i ordered my friend told me this shoe was a tight fit so i ordered a 1/2 size too big and it fits great.  if you like a tight running shoe then order normal size for you.If you like the style then 1/2 size bigger will suit you fine.", "14 year old son loves them!  They wear well and wash easily.  I like the dark color because they do not show dirt as much.", "Great shoes at a great price. Its hard to find a good looking shoe for a white guy but these are it for me.", "Our teen daughter is thrilled with these shoes. She looked at a lot of different ones online and chose these for both the style and the price. They seem well-made as well.", "Very comfortable, easy to take off and on as there are no laces.  The top rubber webbing does break off fairly easily (I caught one piece on something and it tore) but the shoes are still functional.  These fit more easily in a suitcase than normal running shoes as they compress a little.  They seem somewhat narrow (most Nike's run narrow I think) and they do run a little small so if you haven't tried them on I'd go for a 1/2 size up from your normal size.", "One of my favorite shoes that Nike has produced.  I like no shoe strings...especially for workout shoes!  This is my second pair so that should tell you something.", "this shoes are so confort and easy to wear is kind a small so I buy halfsize more big and fit perfect look so nice have great material qualityI will come back for one more in different color , fast delivery .", "I rarely buy sneakers, however when I saw these I had to purchase them.  Years ago Nike had a line of shoes called &#34;Presto.&#34;  They had one particular sneaker that looked exactly like these, and they were the most comfortable shoes I ever owned.  Bought these for the nostalgic factor and I am very pleased with the product.  They are a great lifing / running shoe, provide amazing comfort, and fit securly.  Very happy.", "The shoes are very comfortable and have worn very well so far. The shade of gray combined with the black works very well.", "Looked at 100's of sneakers online. Needed the right style & price (wasn't planning on paying more than $80 for sneakers for a growing boy!). Found these and they fit the bill. Grandson has gotten lots of wear and compliments on them.", "I bought this for someone and it didnt fit at all. the person ended up selling it. not a successful purchase for me", "this is a wonderful purchase, the shoes seems good, my brother is happy to get it. thank you very much", "This is my third pair of 89 Flights - they are the most comfortable sneakers I have ever had.  I am still looking for a white/true blue pair, but everyone is out.  I have these, a grey/black pair, and the black/grey/white pair.  I definitely recommend them.", "Love them! Big shoe collector! Everything I expected and more. Remind me of the Jordan 4 retros and I'm a huge Jordan fan", "The shoes are okay but I was sent a different color from what I ordered. My son has not worn it yet so I cannot comment on comfort.", "Love the style and fit. Plays great on the court. I wish they made more shoes like these sweet kicks from the 90's.", "I bought these for my husband, he is 27, as a birthday gift. He loves ahving a variety of sneakers to choose from and he loved these! They fit true to size, he says they are very cushioned and supportive. he has worn them at elast en times now and they look graet with light colored jeans especially.", "Did not fit and I ordered my normal shoe size.  Not even close.  The tongue is attached to the bottom of the shoe?  Seemed strange.  Too small and too tight.  No problems with return though.  Seemed like a nice shoe if it fit.", "These shoes are worth their price. I seen these nike air flights at a local store but alas, they did not come in my size. Luckily amazon had clients who provided them. Before buying you should know that they tend to crease easily and are very snug. I am usually a size 10.5 (Men US) but again, since they are snug, I bought a size 11 which fits great! If you do buy them and they turn out a little long (while the width is perfect) buy shoe insoles (This may help with minimizing the crease problem). I would definitely recommend these shoes to any lad wishing for shoes that are fresh as fuuuu!", "Nike Air Flight 89s are my fav nike shoe, so this new color was dope, but for some reason these were a little tight i have like 6 pairs all 8.5  and these 8.5s were a bit tight but they'll work.", "Great looking shoe but had to send back.I couldn't hardly get my foot in the shoe to try it on...", "i bought these shoes(not from amazon) around december and a few days after i got the signs of wear began to show. nothing major just some loose threads and some of the red paint was coming off but that is really all that happened. the shoes are very comfortable and i love them i do recommend these shoes especially for the price.", "realmente es mas de lo que esperaba estos zapatos son extrememadamente bellos los amo comodos suaves y los colores espectaculares", "Super fast shipping!!!exactly what i had expected . box was kinda squished on one end but eh don't mind other than that was satisfied with my purchase.", "I've been searching for this type of shoes in the US since moving here in 2003.  These styles became popular in Asia around 2001 to 2002 (so as faded skinny jeans) so I was surprised to find out that these shoes are nowhere to be found here around that time.  Fast forward 10 years,  I finally found a pair at Marshalls but they only had size 12.I immediately went to Amazon and I found the pair with the perfect color.  My only suggestion to anyone who is interested in buying these pair is to order half a size bigger than your feet.  My left foot is slight bigger than my righ foot but it doesn't bother me that much.", "too small, not comfortable as i expected, maybe next time, i will try another bigger size or another brand like new balance", "this pair of shoes is exactly what I wanted, it's really enjoyable to do exercise with it , and looks cool", "After reading reviews, I ordered a half size larger, and I'm glad I did. Just right, and very comfortable. I just did a 5K in them, and barely realized they were there. I will be buying more pairs in a slightly less noticeable color for everyday wear", "Shoes are a half size to small. I would order a half size to a whole size bigger. sharp shoe. No shoe strings", "These were for my grandson.  I had got them for his birthday.  He picked them out and has been very happy with what he got.  &#34;Papa&#34; didn't think much of the color, but that is my generation, not his.", "I usually wear around US 8.5-9 depending on what type of shoe or boot it is. But this shoe I seem to wear a 9.5.", "Very nice shoes. i wore this on a Hawaiin themed party and i got so many compliments. I couldnt fine my size neither, good thing i checked amazon!", "very good shoes and excellent price, these shoes are ideal for a play basketball or any ocassion, it was made quality materials and nice model. i recomended 100%.", "buen calzado, me parecieron lo mejor.. rapido y atentos con mi compra, espero comprarles nuevamente en alguna oportunidad e mi vida.", "These are great.  I bought them in a size 12 men's, which is usually true to form for me in Nike sneakers...and  as expected, these proved to be just as fitting, suitable in every way like a true minimalist sneaker should.  They remind me of the 1st Nike Free sneakers I had a few years ago, which I wore out and could not replace because Nike changed the design.  The sneaker soles are a key feature to me in both color and thickness.  Because of where I am, there are allot of rocks and dirt, which can wear on your feet over time.  These are a great aid in that factor.  They are very lightweight and look great.  I thought they were a bit darker in color based on the picture here but I still like the look overall.  All pros and no cons as far as I'm concerned.  I love them!", "Extremely comfortable shoe.  Breathes very well, it is a weird feeling to know you have a shoe on but to feel the breeze on your feet because these breathe almost as if there was a sandal there.  I do not run in these but am always doing activities in them.  Great for warm weather.", "As good as advertised. Fits to size and flexible with mesh top. Sole extremely lightweight and cushions/supports. Extremely comfortable for walks and runs. Do note that toes will stick out of form given soft top. Great for barefoot runs as inner lining is tacky but with mesh top plenty of ventilation to prevent killing everyone when you get back home!Delivery of item was fast and efficient.", "Got the item. Excellent deal. You would never go wrong with the Roshes!!! This CW is the best for me... :)", "These shoes skyrocketed in price,  If you have a chance to purchase these or any other color for 70 or less, do it.- The mesh isn't solid, it's almost like a sandal because if you take off the shoe the mesh just collapses.- They are extremely comfortable, and if you walk around with them enough you can feel air enter the mesh and it just makes them feel almost non existent at times.- They fit a little less wide than I would prefer, but they are still the most comfortable shoes I own.- I would not run in these, after heavy use for a few days I just feel like they wouldnt last that long if you run in them- They also look really good, I wore these to go register at school and the questions/compliments were almost non-stop.I strongly recommend not using these every day, unless you don't walk a lot in a typical day. I already purchased some 40$ Converse just to give these a break.  Oh, and don't wear these in the rain, I haven't but i know my feet would get completely soaked.", "Words can't describe the level of comfort the Rosherun has to offer until you try these shoes on. Whether its for running or walking the Nike Rosherun will not disappoint. FIVE STARS WITH NO HESITATION.", "These shoes are fabulous. They not only fit perfectly and look really good but they also accommodate your sole inserts, which is a huge deal for people who have feet issues.", "i totally love i have been loocking for this kind of classics items and they were some of the missing one, thanks SneakersRx you are responsible , fast , i hereby recommend you to the amazon costumers community", "Very comfy, stylish, fits like a glove. Recommended to any avid shoe collector or just anyone who needs a simple, sytlish shoe.", "received these sneakers on time and my son loves them and we got them for a great price. who can complain", "Nike has better shoes than this it was as thin as a plastic bag. I expected better than this .", "It's no ones fault but my own.. I chose a half size smaller because I thought that they run bigger but all in all I love the sneakers", "My new Nike Air Flights!  I love my new shoes. They are sharp looking, not only to me but others have commented on how much they like them.They are pretty true to size. I ordered the men's 9 medium (women's 10 medium) and they fit comfortably. One thing I did notice - I have an older pair of Nike Air Flight basketball shoes and the back of the ankle on the older shoes had much more padding (a whole separate piece that came up quite a ways higher in the back) and I miss that. These new shoes are comfortable, just not AS comfortable as the old ones.But, all in all, I am very happy with my new shoes. I don't wear them for sports, just walking, so I have no idea how they'd work for actual basketball shoes.", "My son loves the Nike air flight falcon shoe.  This is a product that is hard to find and again Amazon comes through with many sizes to pick from and good prices.", "Love the color scheme. Fits perfect. Comfortable as expected. Haven't had one crease since I've worn them. Darker Blue than expected. All and all. it is a great shoe", "Going online and buying shoes you dont expect it to be exact...in this case, it was exactly what was on the picture!  Color, shape, size, everything was perfect.  I will definitely buy from them again.", "I lost a bet to a friend. He requested a pair of flights. I got him these and he loves them. Only wears them for special occasions.", "They run a hair tighter than expected....specially after eight hours + @ robotics competition...my son said they fit great but get snug after extended wearing", "I highly recommend this item! I bought these for my boyfriend and he was ecstatic when they fit perfectly and everything! The packaging was in excellent condition! There was no flaws in the shoes in terms of if the packaging made marks on the shoe or if there was something wrong with it. So I highly highly highly recommend this item!", "These are my favorite pair of shoes. durable and comfortable. Unfortunately, they are very limited due to Nike discontinuing them.", "In the era of all the lightweight shoes with little support, it's refreshing to come across a shoe that isn't built completely from foam that supports your ankle. This is the third pair of falcons I have bought to play ball in. They are also stylish enough to wear with jeans. Hands down one of my all time favorites. As soon as this pair wears out I'll buy another pair.", "These shoes are not as good as i expected they said a lot about how good they were but they were lying for people to buy it. It is a little too small and it does not have much use. It is very good for about the first month for basketball but not anything else. After that about first month the traction which was exceptional started to wear off really fast and they were useless. I play a lot of different sports and i tried to do parkour with these shoes and i slipped a lot doing wall runs and landing from high jumps, and it was hard to land good after many vaults. I would not recommend these shoes unless all you do in your life is basketball.", "Shoe is just a little to large for my foot to fot it!  But is a pretty decent fitting shoe", "I love the great colors. BUT, no that comfortable. These need a extended break in period. Really really stiff shoe", "Great shoe, fits well.  The weight of the shoe is a lot lighter than expected.  Overall with shipping and price an excellent buy.", "I returned this item.  Didn't fit and even if it did the quality seems low.  Very little support so wouldn't recommend as a real shoe", "I ordered these for my husband to wear for a destination wedding that we were in. Very light weight, comfortable and believe it or not, stylish. If your not into heavy shoes for summertime, buy these. And they wash easy!", "These shoes run small. I wear a size 8 but I ordered 8.5 and they are still a little tight. The shoe strings are to short. But the shoe is lite weight and very comfy .  I love he shoes.", "My 11 year old desperately wanted to keep these because they are so cute, but they were too small so we sadly have to return them as they are our of her size.", "Excelente calzado muy recomendable y el vendedor muy bueno volver&eacute; a comprar pronto otro par sin duda alguna me encantaron los shoes", "I know you shouldnt look at your running shoe as a fashion statement but i do OMG when i got them in and opened them for the first time so adorable i got the hot punch pink color deff my type of shoe.....i didnt give a perfect rating because i havnt ran in them but when i slipped them on they deff hugged my foot like no other........iam very pleased.....want to order another pair.ASAP", "I was skeptical about the fit of these laceless shoes as I have small heels and tend to step out of shoes that are not lace ups but these fit well in the heel. They are very lightweight, comfortable and stylish.  Beware that they run extremely small as I always wear size 8 in Nike but had to go up to a 9 1/2!", "I do not buy the first product nike, I like the convenience and quality of these Sneakers can ispolzovat for sports and long walks, trips feet always comfortable and not feel ustalosti.Ya recommend.", "Not only did the shoes arrive in perfect condition, they arrived in two days! These shoes are like wearing slippers...made of down alternative...on a bed of tempurpedic foam! Nike Free is the best shoe for those of us with narrow feet. This show is impressively snug as well, so if you're on the fence regarding the fact that this shoe has no shoestrings, waiver no more! The elasticity of the shoe definitely hugs your foot - not too tight, not too loose. It's the Goldilocks shoe for barefoot runners! There's just enough cushion between your feet and the pavement you pound them on. If you are into Plyometrics, these are also great for those high jumps with soft landings as the Free is just so form-fitting. The creme-de-la-creme is that these shoes are lighter than air, so you won't be weighed down when you're walking, running, jumping, or just plain kicking your feet in the air! I will repeat that these shoes are best for people with narrower feet and they're also best for individuals who have already been running in \"barefoot\" style shoes as well as those individuals who do not have knee or back issues, which is true for anyone who wants to wear minimally cushioned shoes. As for this girl, LOVE THESE SHOES!! :0) As a side note, if you don't like highlight colors or anything bright, you'll want a different color. For me personally, these work GREAT as a \"safety\" color when I'm riding my motorcycle!", "Look so nice and feel so good , I use normaly 7but many other buyers says run to small so I buy 7.5and fit me perfect , great color and fast deliveryI will come back for one more of this shoes in anothercolor , I love it .", "Good fit and arrived on time.  No surprises about the color and/or style; the pictures were very accurate of the product I received.Women:  If you wear a 8.0 in Nike Women's sizes, you'll prob. be a 6.5 in boys sizes.  Try it! Much cheaper and gives you more style/color variety :)", "The green is somewhat subdued therefore this shoe has a solid boy look.  Leather trim and a good running shoe for my 11 year grandson", "I had to return these shoes. First I only wear Air Max 95's so when I see a color in my size I always grab. Now I didn't notice they were the 95 360's but WTF?!? these shoes are like plastic, seriously you could see my feet through the shoes. The sizing was off. Maybe cause they are 360's I do not know but I do know I ordered in a 7 which is what I always wear and they were a whole size too big if not bigger. I LOVE the combo of color's but that's about it. I would be wary with sizing. If you are looking for a croc shoe that's a running style sneaker than these are the sneakers for you.", "My son loves this shoe. Im thinking of getting him more colors. He said they feel very good on his feet.", "My 10 year old loved these shoes, but they were too big. He wore them anyway. After 2 months the bottom was punctured and the air deflated. A little disappointed because of the cost.", "Got these for my Grandson for his 11th birthday.  He loves these shoes so much,  Great shoe for a great price.", "I have a son going to school that opened these tried them on and is in his glory. he loves them. they look and feel great. being a boy rough on sneaks, I will have to update on wear and tear in near future. So far thumbs up we love amazon, got here on time that is one thing I personally have no issues at all with keep up great work.", "sneakers fit great and my child loves them! They go great with any pair of clothing and are a great pair of running sneakers", "QUICK, JUST AS ORDERED, NOT 1 PROBLEM TO REPORT. THE ORDER CAME WITHOUT RECEIPT BUT ASSUME THAT WAS MISTAKE, HOWEVER I DID NOT NEED IT DUE TO SHOE FIT/LOOK/FEEL GREAT, MY SON IS HAPPY.", "the cleats are extremely amazing they have good leather and super good feel on your feet........defiantly recommend buying. The design is also very nice. I got the nicest pair of cleats on the field!", "I LOVE these shoes. I looked them up on amazon specifically because my prior pair of the same shoe were ready to retire. My first pair lasted me 3 years, wearing at least 4 times a week (and one month long trip walking everyday through Europe!). My second pair has been going strong for a year, and look like they have at least another in them. I also wear these as a waitress for 8+ hour shifts on my feet, and they are the comfiest while having enough grip and support to keep me from falling on the slippery floor in the kitchen. They aren't too bulky, so people don't look at you and think \"Running shoes!!\" I wear them with Jeans, sweatpants, and yogas and they look normal with all of them. I wouldn't recommend them for actual workout running or long term sports wear--but they've served me well in the casual volleyball, basketball, and football games with friends. I also wear an arch support insert with them that supports the heal as well. Supports fit well in the shoe, there's lots of room. They have great support, but the $10 support really makes the shoe an easy wear. I also have EXTREMELY NARROW feet, and these shoes hug them perfectly. If you have fat feet, you will not fit in this shoe well.Note--they are made mostly of mesh. So they are light and easy to wear, but if you live in Seattle like I do, you will need to put something else on for those very rainy days or your feet will get wet. Moderately rainy days they are fine, its just the big puddles that are a problem. Plus side of that is they dry fast and retain heat well, even if you do get wet.", "Sandals are cute but they will hurt your feet on the back, at leas this is what I've experienced with these shoes.", "Wonderful shoe. Fits true to size. Great quality. Feels like I'm walking on air. The color is great also, goes with everything.", "shoes are comfy, stylish..i also bought the olive green/ red color too. hard to find. received a lot of compliments. nike roshe game..", "I bought almost every color they have.  I am a wide size 8 [sometimes  1/2] and the 8's are the size for me when it comes to Nike Comfort Thongs.", "Loved these comfy hot pink Nike sandals and I took them to Kauai for our vacation. Can \"dress them up or down\". I will buy another pair.", "These shoes are really great! My husband loves Nike and loves these shoes. They are true to fit and the color is great!", "My 21 year old son chose these shoes and result exactly what he expected, Both color and size fitted perfect his expectations and his feet! Highly recommended", "I do not have have very wide feet, but these cleats cause terrible pains in my feet while running.  They look great, but that doesn't help me with running or the sides digging into my feet.  I used them several times to try and break them in and it never got any better, so they sit in a box now.  I would try these on before you buy or be ready to send back if you do not have skinny feet.", "These are great. They are holding up a lot better than the cleats he had last year, and they are perfect for him since he has narrow feet. They do run pretty narrow, so if you have wide feet, these probably aren't the best choice for you. They are comfortable, and do provide some ankle support even though they are low shoes. He loves them!", "These are some of the best cleats I've ever used. I play ultimate frisbee and football both with these and they are amazing.The Good:I can't say enough good things about the grip I get with these cleats. I really can make great cuts in any direction and thats really important to me with the positions I play. They are super light and I feel actually help increase my speed. At the same time they are pretty comfortable and really sturdy.The Bad:They are a bit narrow and maybe slightly small. I had to take the first pair back and get a half size bigger.Over-all they are a good sturdy cleat. Super happy with the purchase :)", "I've been getting the various Nike TD models for a while. These are nice and light with good support. I had problems with durability with a previous TD. Although I haven't had these long, they at least feel like they'll last.", "The shoes look great, they have good traction, they are light and run about half a size too small. They are painful. So painful I had to return mine. I could barely walk the next day after a 3 hour practice. I tried them twice thinking maybe I'd adjust to them but I couldn't do it. I tried making the knots loosely, tightly and in between. I don't care how well the cleat grips, if I can't walk properly the next day and I can run my full speed, they are useless. I was so excited for these after reading the various reviews here and on Nike's site.", "Used these for a flas league while I was stationed in Korea.  Fantastic cleat.  Awesome mobility and grip.  A little snug for my foot but it seems to have relaxed a bit (normal for Nike footwear in my experience).", "Good fitting comfortable cleat. No issues with replacement cleats. Found them and they screwed right in. They hold up well after many games and practices.", "After only three wears, three of the spikes came out and were lost.  I called Nike to buy replacements and they said they were all out of football spikes.  Really??  Nike sells millions of football cleats all around the world and they have NO replacement spikes?  That is ridiculous!  Save yourself the trouble and buy cleats with built in spikes.", "SUPER BUMMED, bought these for my son for ball, and they are way too small.  Of course, he opened them while I was at work, and wore them outside, got them dirty, so I cannot return or exchange them.  Wished I would have ordered a size larger, or 2 even!  :(  DISAPPOINTED!", "Canvas feels very sturdy like it will last and I've come to love the basic mogan shoe, velcro strap is a plus.", "Very pleased with the shoe! Was skeptical about ordering without tryin on first, but ordered the size I usually wear  in Nikes and it fits perfect. Only thing I didn't like was the laces, too long and white, which obviously was an easy fix.", "Great shoe, my son  loved it. He said its really comfortable and he plays a lot of football. Shipment was fast and the size is true to the post thanks. I will always buy shoes on here.", "Purchased these for my nephew! He saw them and picked em out. When they arrived and he tried em on he loved them. Nobody else on his football team had any like these and he loved the fact that the cleats were changeable in case he had to play in mud.", "Every time I wear these sneakers I get a compliment on how nice they look...the fit is great...it makes my foot look sizes smaller and petite...the colors are electric, vibrant and bright...it's super comfortable...great buy", "Bought these for my very picky 7 year old son. They are very versatile and can accomodate indoor and outdoor sports and activities. My son has several pairs of sport and casual shoes and wears these a lot.", "I love these shoes! They look great and fit just right. I would highly recommend these shoes the color is a dark grey and cloth material. Wonderful shoes", "This is a great fit spike. Everyday use it is comfortable.  Feet do not hurt. I would purchase this brand again.", "I really like these shoes but the size I ordered was too small. I recommend buying a size half-one size larger than your original size. These are really durable and comfortable and I recommend it. Just get the right size.", "I'm a very active person, I do a lot of different sports such as soccer, pingpong, volleyball and hiking. This is my 5th pair of gatos I've bought, I just can't seem to find anything as comfortable, with the build quality and price that compares to this. They are light, yet firm. Would buy again 4/5", "I love these sneakers.  It's my third pair of the exact same style different color scheme though.  The kid's size is a little more wider than the women's shoe of the same kind.  Makes leaning forward more comfortable on the sides of your feet when bent.  Good for playing indoor volleyball.  More traction so there is less sliding when reaching, diving and roling to get a volleyball in play.  Love these snealkers !!", "I purchased them a size larger on purpose and they work just fine. My daughter loves them, I wish I could find another pair in a different color!", "My daughter really wanted a pair of sneakers. This was her second choice, the ones she really wanted were sold out. I tried to order from the home website but to my dismay they did not accept credit cards from outside of the United States. I decided to check out Amazon and told her to see if she could find the sneakers she wanted. She picked these I ordered them and two days later they arrived. She is happy.", "everyone asks where I get these shoes and I just grin. cant find in store especially with my size. but overall im still whereing and they look great. thank you very much.", "These shoes Fit true to size. Very Comfortable. Shipped as expected. I am very Happy with this product, the way they look, an feel.", "These are the best brand of shoes I know for running,basketball,and shaking when playing footballSo please buy them .", "Bomba pro still the best for playing in sintetic grass..the colour black red is my fav,This is the best all I need to playing futsal..:)", "q w e r t y u i o p a s d f g h j k l z x c v b n m", "i love that shoes, was one of the betters purchases ill being buyed on amazon :D100% recomendation.Diego from Venezuela", "These boots are everything my son wanted: lightweight, comfortable, sharp-looking.  He's delighted with them.  They seem well made and the sizing is accurate.", "I bought the Nike CTR360 Trequartista soccer shoes for my son and they are true to their size, fit comfortably and he absolutely loves them.", "I usually wear Nike Shox, but since they are difficult to find these days I decided to try these. They are almost as good as Shox and they look awesome! I get compliments every time I wear them. I only wear them when I work out, but they have lasted me about 7 months so far. I used to buy new Shox every 3 to 6 mos.", "These shoes have many great features that make them perfect for indoor soccer. Some of the good features include well padded, very hard souls and grip the ball well. With that said, they are not much good for anything else. The sizes run small, so the ones I got are very tight. It's normal to want them tight, so they don't fly off, but these are very tight to the point they hurt just after putting them on. In comparison to mans docker dress shoe, I would say these are 2 full sizes smaller - they are also narrow or normal width. Other then being way too tight, they are a great shoe that I've grown to love.", "The shoes were the wrong size and had to be returned.  Their return policy was excellent, and everything was taken care of quickly!", "They fit great! Our son loves them.  They are very comfortable.  Easy to clean and very durable.  Just wonder why no front cleat on these shoes.  They are for FOOTBALL, not SOCCER.", "These shoes are amazing, they are perfect fit on your feet, the color is just unbelievable, and they are incredibly comfortable these shoes are worth it!?", "Very fast shipping and excellent product. Just the color we wanted. They wash well. This is my sons second pair of Nike Free Runs and they are great!", "Best airmax ever. Looks and feels great..! All black , hard to find.  Very rear get them while u can", "This shoes seems cheap, the material is like plastic or something. In my opinion this shoes will broken one this days, when I am doing my training!.", "I am already in love with my new Nike's training shoes! They are beautiful and super comfortable. Delivery was fast. I definitely recommend this product and buyer.", "These are the best. Love the colour and because of the design they breath very wellAll the girls at my gym are in love with them", "The sizes on the products seemed a bit small and my size has not changed ,either shirt or shoes very well", "They were perfect and beautiful. I got them when I expected them now to convince my dad to get me white ones.", "I ordered these sneakers expecting them to last YEARS being that my daughter wears sneakers an average of once a month. well, i've had them a few months and she wore them for the SECOND time yesterday and noticed that the bottom is coming apart from the sneaker. absolutely ridiculous. it is too late for me to return them now but i will absolutely never ever order sneakers from here EVER again and i suggest the same to everyone else. ruined in 3 wears????? unheard of", "This shoe fits like a dream! They are so comfy and definitely stylish. I have wanted these since I first saw them in high school.... Now they are finally mine! and I cannot wait to wear them. What a perfect addition to my Jordan collection :))", "took weeks for them to email me the return authorization (ordered wrong size) never spoke to the same person customer service not so great", "My daughter will only wear Nike soccer cleats, and not just any Nike cleat. This style fits her best because it doesn't have the molded arch support like other Nike cleats have.", "Great shoe...just ran a little too big and had to send it back.  Wish NIKE didn't change the style and fit of their cleats every 6 to 8 months....really what is with the colors?", "i want to kno the price of a size  ninesoo i can buy one for me and my girl this holidays or this christmas", "I couldn't find these shoes in my size and in this color any where so when I saw them here I had to get them. I'm very happy with my purchase and they're pretty comfortable.", "I bought these shoes for myself and was disappointed. When I received the shoes, they had something (looks like shoe glue but IDK) right on the top of the toe of my right shoe. I've had these shoes for about a year now and NOTHING has gotten it off. I am disappointed that the seller would sell a shoe like this without any type of notification, etc but I guess this is the risk with buying online. It's not a huge deal- obviously a year later I still wear them. However, I will not buy shoes off of amazon again.", "I bought these for my 3 year old daughter and they have lasted her quite awhile in good condition. I go through shoes like water with my daughter because she is hyper active and is always all over the place running and jumping. I am quite impressed that these boots have lasted her so long. They are also very cute and stylish. I would say they were definitely a great buy!", "I bought these boots for my daughter for her birthday because she need a pair of durable winter boots. These boots are cute and pretty durable being that my daughter still haven't scraped them all up. They have pink fur on the inside for a warm feel for your young one and they will definitely endure any weather possible. They were so cute I even got myself a pair lol. Go ahead and purchase them for your little one", "Good quality, great price, nice style and my son loved it. They are built very strong andshipping was fast.Will definitely recommend it!", "My husband loves these Nike socks and these are no different. Nike makes a great Men's sock. I always keep plenty of extras in his sock drawer, both crew socks and low cut socks. It always has to be Nike! He says they feel the best, fit him the best, and are pretty much a decent price. It makes it  easy for me when I do laundry, all his socks pair up easily!", "These are not expensive socks, and as you would expect - you get what you pay for.  The padding is pretty minimal.  It will be interesting to see how these hold-up with repeated washings.", "I thought they would be your old regular type of tube sock but come to find out the actually have a built in fit for the foot and the are nice and thick...great for the winter", "I bought these with no satisfaction what so ever.1st. - These are $22 /wo shipping you can get them for $13 at your local Footlocker or Champs.2nd. - They feel terrible3rd. - The ones that cost less is WAAY better and I insure you they're not the same. These are expensive and it sucks.4th. - They rip easily", "EXCELENT. VERY RESPONSABLE.FAST AND WITHOUT DEFECT. I RECEMEND THIS WAY TO PAID.I AM VERY GRATEFUL FOR THE PRODUCT. THANKS A LOT.", "These are nice cleats. They look good and they fit my 6 yr old well. Looks like a great selection for football cleats.", "The hard outer shell on these shoes has absolutely no forgiveness. When walking it folds at the creases and stabs into your foot. I am returning these as there is no way I am going to wear them, they are way too uncomfortable, miles away from normal Air Forces, which I already have two pairs of. I bought a black and yellow pair instead to support the Boston Bruins.", "Well, my daughter very much, put it down! The price is also good.Well, my daughter very much, put it down! The price is also good.", "My husband and I never agree on shoes for him but when we saw these shoes we both agreed that he had to get them. My husband love them and he states that they are very comfortable shoes.", "a great shoe to wear if you want rep jordans and not get your high class ones dirty.  I think they look good and aren't too expensive", "These shoes are exactly what I expected. They fit exactly the same as a previous Nike shoe I owned. They are real Nike shoes so no worries there. A bit more expensive than what they were at a Nike store, but still worth it. Shipping took a couple of days, it was very quick. I would recommend absolutely.", "Bought these sneakers for my nephew for xmas... He loved them.  great sneakers, well made and look good casual or semi dress.", "LOVE THESE SHOES. VERY COMFORTABLE. LOOK GREAT.I GET AT LEAST ONE COMPLIMENT ON THEM EVERY TIME I WHERE EM.GOOD PRICE TOO. THO I HAVEN'T BEEN ABLE TO FIND MORE AT THE SAME COST..", "I bought these for my brother for $94. I saw these in Modell's after I got them for around $70 at retail pricing (no sales or anything). Guess I got ripped but he likes the shoes so oh well.", "Awesome Shoes! Look really good but can begin to look like fat kid shoes if worn out too much. Definitely worth it though.", "these shoes were perfect!!!!! they looked amazing and was comfortable for my little brother to walk/run/play in. shipping was great too.", "On the website these shoes came out looking more like thick leather instead of what they actually are. More plastic than leather in  my opinion but different than any other AF1 I've ever seen.", "This is my fourth pair of Jordans (of ones I would still wear) and I would say these are unlike many of the others. One, they're low-tops with a canvas-like material making up the black exterior. The main reason they don't look like most other Jordans is because they're not as flashy. This came to be a a welcome change once I started wearing them.The shoes feel great on my feet and they're of pretty good quality for the price.", "First two weeks, the shoes felt tight but after playing ball with it a couple times, it loosened up. Good looking shoes and great comfort for playing ball.", "The shoes were AWESOME, played with them in the gym and was intense playing my skilled baller shots and thank u", "I seriously love that tying these shoes aren't completely necessary. Just slide on (adjust laces if you really want it to FIT) & then go.The gray border between the upper part of the shoe & the white sole is just starting to crack here and there from so much use, revealing some of the bright yellow underneath. It kinda looks like little lightnings/cracks of light are shining through, so it doesn't look so bad being a little worn out. I got a lot of compliments on this pair.Definitely made it through puddles, rainy days, etc.. Never slipped or felt water leaking in, so these are pretty water-friendly. Gray color is definitely dirt/dust-friendly as well: camouflage, nam sayin? If you run rain or shine, I would definitely recommend these.", "Got this a bit small but it's alright. I like this shoes and have bought another one one size bigger. Perfect!", "I have purchased various Nike Air products over the years, primarily as a work shoe. I then dabble in other work-type shoes only to come back to Nike Air designs. They absorb so much wear and tear that is otherwise transmitted to your heels, ankles and knees that they are worth every penny of their cost. The air heel cushion in this model is very stout and makes a huge difference in the way my heels feel at the end of a long day.", "This is the first cross trainer I have truly felt comfort from from the first step that has lasted longer in wear than any other previously purchased.  Am looking for another pair, so good.", "Best shoe I have ever bought. Didn't even have an awkward break in period. Wish I could have found another pair my size.", "Yes if athletic could be this are them. The leather looks nice and in Seattle works well for winter rains", "these shoes look absolutely awesome, too bad they don't feel as good as they look.  Seem to be a bit narrow, VERY stiff, and since they're somewhat waterproof they're hot no matter what socks you put on.  When I wear them walking, the soles of my feet start burning, so I've only been wearing them to the gym for weight lifting, but they're even too hot for that!UPDATE:I really appreciated having these in the winter.  After all of the cold fronts that blew in with rain, or when dew would be stuck to the grass, I could still walk through a field and my feet would stay warm and dry.  Not to mention that the more that I wore them, the more cushy they became.", "These were a gift for my grandson he appeared to like them. Looks good,fit is perfect,will order again. Will see how long they whole up.", "The sneakers came in 2 business days.  They looked great and were packaged well.  I would recommend buying from here, I sure am!", "Great product, the fit is exactly the same as all other Nike shoes I have owned...if you were at 8, buying an 8 in this will be just the same.  The shoe has great cushion and support in the heal.  This shoe runs average in width, often some Nike shoes run narrow, this was not the case with this shoe-which is a medium width.  Colors are medium green/dark green and bright yellow on white.  The picture for this shoe represents the color just perfectly. This is my 2nd pair of Lunarelite Nike shoes-overall a good product.", "This shoe features good support and stability in the forefoot and arch especially. This is something a lot of running shoes are lacking. The weight of the shoe is surprisingly light, but the shoe is well built and well designed.", "I purchased these because they had far more flexible soles than 95% of toddler shoes on the market. Still don't understand what is wrong with shoe manufacturers and their rigid, inflexible soles. That's the worst thing you could put on your kids' feet! I also liked the fact that they're not all pink, sparkly or have gawdy, flashing lights or characters splashed all over. The coloring is so they won't look dirty after one romp in the playground. Perfect! Easy to get on and they stay on. Quick velcro release.", "The shoes that I wore previous to these shoes were New Balance. After, finding the style I wore was discontinued. I went on a search to find a similar shoe in black. I bought these shoes based on reviews from another site. The shoes felt comfortable when I tried them on at the store and I thought for sure that these shoes would make great work shoes. My job entails standing and walking on hard surfaces. After, wearing these shoes for one 7 hour shift, I am sorely disappointed.Everything felt fine to me except for the heel and arch support.It felt like all my weight was distributed mainly to underside of my heels when standing. There needs to be more support/cushion in the heel and arch area of these shoes to make them more comfortable. I am sorely disappointed and will try to add an insert to the shoes in hopes that I will be able to wear this shoe to work.", "I am constantly walking on hard hospital floors (72 hours a week) and keep a bad case of plantar fascitis.  These shoes have been magic.  The sole is enough like a workboot to withstand the concrete foundation flooring and the shoe is lightweight and comfortable with a 'boxy' toe so my feet aren't crammed in.  I went back and bought another pair immediately for backup whenever these wear out.", "The shoes are the same size as other shoes i wear. It only took 2 days for them to arrive at my house. They are very comfortable. From now on i am going to stay with Nike Air Pagasus+. I tried Reebok Zigs, but they don't last too long.", "I've had these shoes for two years and they work great. I wear them in both cross country and track meets. They fit tightly so you may need to order a half size up.", "I don't know why more brands don't make interchangeable cleats/spikes. These are great for older youth players who may be moving from Little League/Cal Ripken in the spring to older leagues such as Babe Ruth in the summer. Or, for players who play in more than one league or occasionally have to play in a tournament that doesn't allow metal spikes. Having interchangeable cleats/spikes is a lot easier than having two pairs of shoes. The color-change insert for the Nike Swoosh is a nice touch, too.In addition, they're good, solid shoes overall. The only downside is that the plastic cleats are a little soft and tend to wear out easily. Obviously, they're replaceable and I was able to find a replacement kit locally, but we went through about a set of plastic cleats per month. The metal spikes hold up just fine, just like regular permanent ones.", "very good shopNike Men's NIKE SHOX AIR HYPERBALLER BASKETBALL SHOES 10 (COOL...fit as expectedthe number just, I like this shoes", "Out of stock but in stock at Nike.comNeed more running shoes that are all weather and very light weight so you just put your bare foot into it.", "my cousin loved it as a gift. H eused it and was very impressed with the product. would probably order another one", "My 8 year old son saved up his own money to purchase these. They look exactly like the picture. Durable, great looking shoes! He loves them.", "Just got these shoes for my grandson. He is 17 years old and he really likes them. They aren't as light as they look in the picture and he said he wished they had better shoes laces but that's something you can always buy. He likes them and they look good.", "The carrier drought to the address all messes i do not know if it was the sender fualt or UPS.. It is a nice pair of shoe.", "Checked out these sneaks in the store and got a better price through Amazon. I had the happiest grandson on earth who loves these sneaks and wears them every day!!!", "This is a comfortable and reasonably priced shoe, gums soles aren't the best as most of us know but the quality is there, a good buy in the casual tennis shoe hybrid category.#recommended.Jeff Sevenswww.animalseed.blogspot.com", "shoes were just as expected...the description and everything was just what I got delivered....highly recommended....very affordable for Jordan shoes...nice...very nice", "Worn with suit to walk to work, very comfy and regularly receive complaints. Still look new after wearing almost daily for over 4 months.", "These shoes are pretty awesome. Nice sized and comfy considering the Nike line normally runs narrow. A great purchase. Shiny smooth land looks great in the club", "The shoes are comfortable & Stylish. The fabric is great. I don't think they are perfect for the court but i still recommend for training", "I wore this for my flag football season and they were a great buy I couldn't have found a better deal", "My son has a very large foot, size 15 and growing! I ordered him these cleats in a size 15. They were so small he just laughed when I handed them to him to try on. He couldn't even get them on. They were small in size and very, very narrow (he does not have a wide foot). We find Nike to run small. I had to return these.", "These were great cleats for this season of Football.  We had no issues with loosing studs on the bottoms, or woorying about replacement parts.  They all stuck in there perfect.  This is the first pair of cleats in 5 years that we did not have to replace the bottom studs or replace the entire cleat.  By far a great fit for our 15 year old who wears a size 16 and has long narrow feet.  I will definately look for this style and definately stick with the Nike's!", "I ordered football cleats (size 16 mens) so that he could play football for his high school but when the cleats arrived I was shocked to see that they were in fact, BASEBALL cleats. They were of no use to us but would have cost us more to send them back than the shoes were worth :(", "There isn't a lot to review in my opinion about the sneakers. The one thing I will say is they are true to size. I ordered a size 10.5, and they were a little snug, so I returned them for an 11 and everything was good. They look exactly like the picture and are well made. No issues with the seller at all.", "Soccer cleats were true to size and exactly as pictured. Cleats are new and very sturdy. My friend is very satisfied with this.", "They are great", "The shoes arrived quickly.  They were comfortable and the correct size.  They split at the seams within weeks of wearing them, but Nike was good about refunding the purchase price.", "estos zapatos son excelentes. los recomiendo a todo el que pueda comprarlo, que lo haga. son muy comodos. quede muy contento con este producto", "My son loves these shoes - and his friends' reactions have all been \"cool shoes\"!  The fit was as expected - room to grow (he's 11), and very comfortable.  The dark grey/blue glow is exactly as pictured.  The material seems to be the type that will withstand lots of wear - he'll likley out-grow them before they wear out!  Great shoes!", "They are hard and uncomfortable shoes, I expected to be very gently air, bad buy, if you really are not original or a copy, I do not like", "Excellent condition, a professional baseball cleat. Will buy it again if given the opportunity! Great color and shoe to play baseball", "I have always wanted these shoes and when i seen the price and shipping i jumped on them, will buy more very soon", "I love the boot but it's a little bit larger than I anticipated.  Most Nike shoes run true to size.  I ordered these a half size larger when I should have stayed with my true size.  A full shoe insert took care of the problem.  I'm satisfied!", "Because of the qualityEven though the price is a little expensive but it's worth it,,, and I would recommend to anyone who like to look stylish", "will recommend to anyone who likes Nike products very comfortable durable worth  the money and will buy similar products..from this vendor", "I originally got these shoes to wear in the city during the winter just when it was snowing but they have quickly turned into my everyday shoe.  They are so comfortable and I don't think I have ever gotten this many compliments on a shoe before.  I have used them in blizzard like conditions and haven't had the slightest problem with cold or wet feet.  My only disappointment is that I wish I could wear them in the summer when it gets warmer.  I took a while to choose between these and a pair of timberlands and I am extremely happy with my choice.", "Very comfortable and durable.. The tongue is attached so I was able to wear them in the snow and not get my feet wet.", "Very comfortable and insulated for the winter. Not exactly waterproof but good enough. Pretty well made for everyday use and stands up to mild construction work.", "i bought these for my son!he loves them no complaints from him! he's happy with this purchase!thanks agin.We love to shop on Amazon", "Bought these for my son for Christmas! He is now playing basketball in them! would reorder again... They fit great", "Well made and easy to clean, my son states that they are very comfortable as well.  I would definitely buy again.", "My Kid Love it. I bought it so my kid can participate on a school competition and they past the test.", "This may be the best looking casual shoes ever that Nike have made. I bought them at a store for 50 bucks on sale and the best decision i have ever made. They go great with any plaid shirt. I just bought them today. But hey go and buy them if you are thinking about buying them. Good luck with your purchase and may all of you guys be happy with them as i am.", "Great pair of shoes, these are the second pair of nikes that I have ordered from amazon and I have to say I am yet to be disappointed. The item arrived as described and is a comfy fit. Shipping was extremely fast and I'm happy with the customer service as well.", "The color says SILVER - it really should say SILVER and PURPLE. I thought they were more of a blueish vs. purple. Still a very comfortable shoe just a bit pricey at $122!", "I am glad I read some other reviews of this shoe before I purchased online. The most important thing to know is that this shoe runs very small (if the shoe was the best shoe in the world but it didn't fit you, it would be worthless to you, right?).  Therefore, you will want to try it on in the store first to determine what size you really want/need.  I ended up buying a full size bigger than my normal; my wife bought a half size bigger than her normal.About the seller: They are located in the UK and I knew nothing about them. I selected standard shipping and the shoe arrived in less time than Amazon's own normal standard shipping; I think it took about 1 week from order to delivery.  Needless to say, this is good.", "These AirMax 90's are without a doubt my favorite style from Nike. Whether you are a runner or just want a casual comfortable shoe these are for you.", "So love these sneakers more in person. They were a gift for my husband and he loves them. Best Christmas gift.I bought him another pair for Fathers Day too!", "My grandson loved his Nikes!!  He said they were the best cleats he'd ever had.  Thanks.  Nike will always be our choice in cleats and other shoes as well!!", "I just picked these up for my daughter at Sports Authority for the same price as Amazon. This is her 3rd pair of cleats, and I'm happy to say these are the first pair with normal length shoelaces. The other pairs I've had to switch out because they were insanely long! These cleats are very comfortable according to a very active 8 year old who practices 3 days a week and plays games 2 days a week. They look great, not too bold, but the pink accent is a nice touch. I'm really glad I purchased these over some of the others. Not a bad price for Nike either!", "First off, this vendor had incredibly fast shipping. I have a hard time finding girls cleats in my daughter's size locally. I ordered these last year and loved them, she grew out of them, so I came on Amazon looking for a second pair. These are great cleats at a great price!", "Purchased these for my thirteen year old son last Christmas.  He picked them out and though he received two other pairs from his father around the same time these are his choice on and off the court.  Wears them to school daily.  Good pick...not flashy..nice shoe!", "We are awaiting smaller sizes to be in stock so younger siblings can acquire them!  They will be perfect for the Spring season!!!!", "A new soccer season is approaching and my T-90s were worn down like crazy. I saw these and had to buy them. I got serial number \"0000006\" which is pretty cool considering how awesome the cleats are. So day one of conditioning, I knew it was gunna suck because I havent yet broken them in. They felt weird, way too long and EXEXTREMELY narrow. (And I wear a 15, but bought a 14 to fit better). Its been almost a month now, and they have yet to conform to my feet. Oh well, im playing soccer in style, but pain also.", "This was cleat was a gift to my boyfriend for christmas he wears a size 9 in regular shoes he needed a 10.5 so 1.5 size up then his regulat shoes nike cleats come small he loves them firs perfect", "I got an insanely good pair well before the expected delivery. I use them mostly for Ultimate, but they're pretty good for football as well!", "Son very much. He says that they are very light and sit comfortably on foot. Bought one size bigger and they came in. They are a little less than its size.", "great jordans for casual people man i really loved it :D fits good :) i would reconmand these for everybody!", "To me they are ugly, But I'm just a mom! My sons face lit up when he saw the shoes and that's priceless!The small imperfection on the Nike check is barely visible and he didn't even notice it.Great transaction i will look out for other items in this store. Thank you!", "first i must say I am a big fan of Air Max 95. I love the color combination on these particular ones. My only concern was that the tongue, under the laces looked a little faded. these shoes look very much like the originals but somewhere in the back of my mind i feel like they might be very good imitations. They did come in the nike box and it seems like the real deal but for some strange reason im not 100% positive that they are from a legit source.", "This was a gift for my teenaged son. He loves it and wears it regularly.We are happy with the quality and make... it has lasted well to date.", "Really nice, bout them as a gift for my male friend, he loves them, great gift, and not too expensive.", "Once again this was ordered for my son, a lot of white but then it's not for me to wear. My son is pleased which is most important. he ordered 9.5 which is a half size up to his regular size.", "Let me first say that these shoes are not for everyone and like most products need to be used to be able to give a real review.  The shoes are very light and the lunar foam or whatever the sole is made of is more for people who do not like to feel every curl and part of their run.  For me, this is working great as i've just got back to running and my mechanics are all wrong.  The lightweight and raised sole gives you a bit of lift in your run, which is greatly appreciated.  The shoes are very durable and the insoles come out to make cleaning and washing easy which to me is a plus because i can't run without hitting puddles from sprinklers or getting rained on.  Easy to clean, breathe very well, and are not bad to transition into a gym workout and then back out on the road home from the gym.  Will buy another pair when ready!", "This (The Nike Air ACG (All Conditions Gear)Prime GTX (Gore-Tex)Release November 2011 and limited to certain Nike winter sales markets and primarily FootLocker in those markets) is a premium boot with Nike Air sneaker construction and appeal. This boot shares the sole of the previous released Nike Air Foamposite Bakin boot (I'm on my 2nd pair, The new gun metal or pewter silver). It wears like a well constructed basketball sneaker with mildly more rugged outer sole. Well made of leather in a traditional hiking boot design with a GORE-TEX lining. It originally retailed for $200.00 and is largely sold out through out the US. This boot recently retailed for $149.99 at FootLocker's throught the Metro area. A black & red version of this boot also sold for $159.99 @ footlocker.com online and Eastbay.com. These two sites have all but sold out of  this boot as it is an extremely popular boot and now is in high demand. I was finally able to locate a pair at a NJ Footlocker today size 12 at a remaining low stock cost of $129.99. A Nike boot worth having.", "My adult son was super excited about receiving these.They were his favorite Christmas gift!Quality is good & very comfortable.", "I own a ton of nikes a d wanted this pair simply for a fashion statement and lightweight quality.  First time ever they don't fit right.  Thought I just needed the good ole break in period bit still not right so wasted my money on these", "These shoes sre the best ever. When you try the zoom rookies on you feel like you can do anything. I would recomend these shoes to anyone who is in to style and people who love shoes period.", "I have read many reviews on this boot, and some of them state that the boot is very good quality and looks great too.  I agree.  Some have stated that they fit snug.  I agree with this too.  They are very comfortable and I have gotten a lot of compliments on their looks.  I will update this with a report on how they handle rough and rocky desert mountain trails and whether or not they give good ankle support when I get them broken in.Update:  Well, I am embarrassed to say that I have not been hiking in these boots, but they have become my favorite casual wear boots.  They are just too darned attractive to scuff up!  They are very comfortable and I still get loads of compliments on how good they look.  Maybe I will buy another pair in black, or gray,or even green for hiking.", "Horrible! ordered brown boots and received GREEN boots! When I checked out it said \"brown boots\" why they sent green I do not know.", "I like these shoes a lot. They fit my feet great and I dont get blisters. I can tell a big difference between these and shoes with less cushion.", "I love the furry type shoes, and i love the dunk style. This is the only type of shoes I'd wear in winter. I bought this pair because I was going to the north and needed something warm. They certainly did the job. But you probably should keep in mind that they are not really sneakers. They won't make your long walk or jogging any easier. They sure are stylish though! (shoe laces are kinda short, and too slippery to stay tied)", "This pair  of MJ's really  make you look bad ass!! They just look good! Seller  is  also very fast on this item. They  aren't flimsy at all once you have them and wear them!", "My son bought these shoes for a friend and she is really happy with them.They were as described; the colour was good and they were new and flexible.He will consider purchasing again.", "I ordered these  sneakers as a Christmas gift for my stepson. I received the delivery quickly, and was very satisfied with the quality of the product. NIKE AIR JORDAN 3 RETRO (GS) BIG KIDS 398614-010 (6, BLACK/VARSITY RED-CEMENT GREY)NIKE AIR JORDAN 3 RETRO (GS) BIG KIDS 398614-010 (6, BLACK/VARSITY RED-CEMENT GREY)", "Good shoes, fit normal, just as pictured. If you like the way they look, then go ahead and buy them, you won't be disappointed.", "These Nikes are excellent shoes and very comfortable and they come highly recommended.  I wear these shoes everyday and they are perfect for everyday wear.", "I live in Seattle where you need constant protection against water, rain, and mud almost every day. To that end, these shoes are working out great so far! They are not flashy at all, but look stylish and go with everything. I would definitely recommend them!However, my one criticism which prevents me from giving it a full 5/5 is that they were very tight on my feet at first. Painfully tight, actually. I have wide feet, so that is why (the length is perfect as I know my size after years of buying numerous other Nike shoes). It's been almost a week of wear and they are still pinching a little, but definitely loosening up. They are leather, so I think over time they will stretch and be really comfortable.In summary, if you have wide feet, just beware they will pinch at first. But overall, I highly recommend these shoes. They are solidly built out of good material, are subtle yet stylish, and go with everything. I will be wearing them every day for years to come.", "Good quality leather shoes, but the leather rubs around the ankle as there is no padding. Kids skateboarding in these shoes have to wear thick socks. The soles will wear out before the uppers show any wear.", "I got these shoes for my stepdaughter. She plays basketball and loves they way they feel. To bad they don't help her jump like Lebron.", "did not have my size", "the shoes are very beautifulthe size is ok tooand the color is brightd s d s e", "The sneakers are great because the style is one of the nicest that Nike has made and you can see and feel that the quality of this particular  style. Any of the Retro III (3)  have been one of the best till date. Also they seem to be one of the most comfortable sneakers I have worn.", "these shoes price start from $170 on most sites the odd site would be $200- 220.. why are they so expensive on this site?", "We bought these cleats last fall when my son outgrew his cleats mid season. They were fine in the fall but after a week or two this Spring, the Velcro has completely failed.  He is constantly walking around with the straps flapping because the Velcro will not hold.  When I tested the Velcro just holding the cleat in my hand, the Velcro barely attached and it didn't take much for it to come undone.  My husband bought the straps soccer players use to cover their laces. The cleats are still in good condition with limited wear and they still fit so I'm not buying him a new pair.  He'll just have to suffer until he out grows them. I won't buy a pair of shoes with Velcro again.  I've seen several reviews on other sites that have the same problem so I am not alone.", "It's getting difficult to find my size for this outdated model, but it is the most comfortable running shoe I've ever worn within the $50-100 range.", "This shoe is light, comfortable, and well crafted.  I would say that it is better than most asics running shoes up to $100.  Comparable to the new free runners, at a fraction of the price.", "Very comfortable and durable. I always buy nike shoes. They are the ,most comfortable and best fitting shoe for me.", "I have purchased this shoe for my husband the last few years they have made it.  Nike makes the same shoe, but each year it's a little different, this seemed to stay true to it's design. I went to the NIke store to get the 2012 model and my husband said it was awful.  He knows I love to hunt, so I found it AMAZON of course.  He has the green ones and the red right now and wears them everyday whether running or going out shopping, they are actually stylish and he can wear with some nice jeans when we go out.  He's pretty stylish and really likes the way they look.True to size.  He wears 10.5 so I buy 11 running shoe and these fit perfect and are so comfortable.  They seem to last long too... the inside doesn't squish down so quickly that they loose their cushion.I have found that lots of running shoes do this and we run 5 days a week so we need good shoes.", "Toki ams the rhythm guitarist for ultra brutal metals band Dethklok.  Toki need de shoes to be comfortables while he ams jumpings around the stage playings the hits like \"Murmaiders\"  and \"Briefcase Fulls of Guts\"", "I got these shoes for my son, he was surprised and very pleased with the good quality and appearance. I would recommend to everyone if a still have them in stock.", "arrived super fast and my son loves these shoes.  super light, fun colors and we have never had any problems with hypervenom line.", "Love love love  them!  Lightest pair of shoes I own.  I am a tennis shoe nut!Only wish I had ordered 1/2 size up so I could put a gel innersole inside. Run a little small.", "Favorite shoe to date. I will come back to purchase this shoe again and again. The best shoe I have worn to date for exercise, running etc.", "Love the colours on these runners, very comfortable and goes with all outfitsalways brightens up my workout sessions and makes me smile", "I love these shoes. I have multiple pairs of Janoski's in different color ways. Once I stumbles across this color way (umber/boulder) I picked up as many as I could. I get compliments on them all the time. They can be dressed up or worn casually. Great pair of shoes.", "Honestly I thought this was black when I ordered it, but this is a great shoe and the color rocks, great soul too the darker brown gum soles seems to be a lot stronger than the light tan. Comfort is typical for a Jordan Brand Shoe, probably going to check out the real black 1 soon", "I ordered these shoes a couple days ago, because they dropped the price down quite a bit, about 4 hours later they canceled my order and told me that it was a &#34;new employee's&#34; mistake and they would not honor the price that they had posted them for!! i would never recommend this seller and i will never buy anything from these people. Horrible customer service!! Even if he is a new employee you still need to take care of your customers and bite the bullet on your employees mistakes. thats just part of owning a business.", "Love the nude and gold colors. Super comfy. My current favorite shoe. I work on my feet all day, and these shoes are just what I needed.", "I purchased these mostly for work (I'm a persona trainer). I wanted a Nike free and found out these were a higher cut and water proof. I've worn them not just for work but also when I'm working out. They have more cushioning than a normal free but still move freely, probably my favorite shoes in a long long time.", "These shoes fit perfectly and they are great for chilly fall weather. They are very stable and comfortable. They fit to size and good ankle support.", "They go great with every outfit and after a long walk you're not tired... The only down side is that being all white you have to clean them often if you want them to look new for more time but that's the same for all white shoes!", "Im not Jordan shoe fan (because I feel they're over priced) but these are perfect with shorts and or jeans.", "Couldn't find these shoes anywhere in the malls, ordered on here and they were a great price and actually received them earlier than the projected date. Brand new, clean, with box and everything", "The owner liked his shoes, but the packaging was awful, one box of shoes in a gigantic box packed with a load of air sacks. The packaged moved from over 2 pounds to 5 pounds costing me extra money to ship from the usa to the Caribbean.", "I strongly like, but don't quite love the shoes. I bought two pairs of nice sneakers on Amazon because I haven't found a pair of sneakers I love in about a decade and thought it was time to make an effort to find something I like. I bought these and some Adidas Superstar II's.These are great shoes. A little clunkier and heavier when walking in them than I expected, but they look good and the quality is obvious. I will say it again... Great shoes.Cons: The Air Force 1 shoes hardly ever change and I could have gotten other very similar models at the outlet malls around me for $10-$20 cheaper. This was easier though and it ships right to my house, and I had a better selection by shopping online, so it is only a small con. You pay for convenience and quality.", "I bought these for my soon to be 14 yr old on May 3rd, 2013 and he loves them. It's his 2nd pair of Jordans that we've ordered online in the past month and all together probably his 10th pair, so we knew what to expect. He hasn't gotten a pair of Jordan's that he hasn't liked or that weren't 100% comfortable. We're so familiar now with the styles that just by looking at them we thought we'd try ordering them online without trying anything on and guessing between a size 10.5 and an 11 and we got the right pair. I initially ordered another pair while my son was at school by mistake, thinking they were the ones he wanted seeing as how we had looked at dozens and he was &#34;positive&#34; that at least 10 different pairs were &#34;the one.&#34; Needless to say I goofed and later that afternoon I sent an email through Amazon to Sole Place, who is the company we bought them from through Amazon, asking if I could cancel that order and I went ahead and ordered the correct pair. They got back to me very promptly saying they had canceled the wrong order and explained the refund to me which worked out easily. Very nice people.I ordered them with the standard shipping as I usually do and the order details said that the shoes were to be shipped out on either Mon the 6th or Tues the 2nd and should arrive between Thurs the 9th and Tues the 14th. All of my many orders in the past have always come on the earliest date mentioned and there was no big rush ayhow so those dates were fine with us. I received a text (I noticed on Fri that you can sign up for texts regarding the tracking of your products!) on Sat saying that they had been shipped so that was a great surprise, and to top that off they showed up Mon afternoon making an unexpecting young man extrememly happy, and when he's happy we're all happy.Overall a great experience, great shoes, competent, efficient, and extremely friendly service by all that were involved.", "We purchased these shoes for over $100. It took a while to recieve the shoes and when i did the stitching on the top of the front right shoe was crooked which made the right shoe look at little funny. there were no problem with the left shoes stitching but when you stand with both feet together you can notice it and it is not worth the $120 i spent on the shoe. very unhappy!", "these shoes are not ideal for cross-training or for daily wear longer than 2-3 hrs. they seem to feel tighter if you wear them longer, even when you loosen the laces. i've never had this issue with any other shoe.", "color and fit are great.  My son wears these for football and the color matches perfect to the teams colors (royal blue).", "I bought these shoes for my grandson.  We went to four stores and he couldn't find anything he liked.  Found these on your website and wanted them.  they are just what he wanted.", "Best sneaker for a very active competitive boy. It is comfortable and my 11 yr old son is very happy.", "They aren't really comfortable at all. They get dirty pretty easy but that is common with white shoes. But look very good!", "My husband LOVED these shoes. I bought them for him for Christmas and he's already wearing them all over! Love em!", "i bought these as a gift and they fit perfectly. he was very happy  and so was i :) great purchace", "Fits as my normal size 11's do. Love these shoes, no defects or marks out of the box. Great shoes.", "look and feel like they are supposed to they are made out of leather white hard to keep clean but love em", "Shoe fits stiff at first but after a couple of times worn shoes feels very comfortable on feet great shoe", "For the same price go to the store and buy the real thing. Not happy at all, but lesson learned.", "I bought to help heel pain, they are great, I am so happy with them. Would buy this item again.", "The shoes must run big cause I wear 8 1/2 and it's entirely to big. The style is nice but you might need to go a half a size or a whole size. I think I should of got an 7.", "This was a gift for my daughter. She received sneakers in a plain brown box w no Nike logo. The logo in the sneaker was worn out. Soles were scrubbed clean, however, the dirt in the tracks of bottom of sneakers were still visible. You would have had a review had the sneakers not been worn and all for the price of $95.", "Shoes fell apart I mean what shoe does that!! I thought nike was a good shoe???? I am lost for words", "I'm flat-footed and have trouble finding comfortable running shoes period. This shoe is very comfortable, light, not too snug, has lots of cushioning, supports my arch, and is stylish also. I highly recommend!", "This was one of the best offers i ever took at an online shopping... really great experience!!! i run 5 kms twice in a week thanks to this babies!", "Bought this item for my nephew and he was screaming and shouting and hopping all over the house when it arrived an he tried it on. You can't go wrong with such a purchase", "I bought the Air Jordan 8.0 as a gift for my husbandHe loves it so much that he only wears it for special games and events.I will be purchasing the other colors soon", "I had been wearing K-Swiss tan shoes for about 20 years, and never saw anyone else ever wearing them.  They finally started to wear (I developed a bad case of Metatarsalgia wearing them while walking around SF one day!) so I decided to get a new pair of shoes that I've never seen anyone wear before.I couldn't find the K-Swiss anywhere, so I just searched \"tan sneakers\" and found these.  My daughter let me know that they are very trendy, and I let her know that I doubt anyone is buying the tan shoes!These shoes are MEGA supportive.  The sole is firm and just pliable enough to be comfortable.  These are walking shoes, even though they were probably designed for the court.  They are pretty stylish, too, as I have received several compliments from my middle school students (in spite of the color; which I love!)  If you are looking for firm, solid, supportive and stylish shoes, you'll love these!", "A great pair of old school Nike tennis. Great to walk in and stylist pair of tennis that everyone says looks good.", "I do a lot of walking and I have flat feet, so the sling in the middle of the shoe caught my attention. It really feels comfortable on for long days of walking and it supports my bad arches perfectly. There is a lot of give in the sole so it contours to your foot as well. They are also very stylish and the Nike+ app is pretty cool too. I love love love these shoes!", "I bought them because I wanted to do a 5K and they helped me monitor my progress. They are comfortable too", "No words to describe quality and confort using this Nike Air Jordan 14. It's beautiful, exactly that I was looking for.", "I love these they were like the missing piece to my collection. True to size which is good for because I have tiny feet.the shoes are also really narrow.", "great top and looks very nice and its very warm too. I liked the material it was made from and would buy it again", "I ordered it Thursday night and received it Saturday morning. It's a lot prettier than I expected it to be, and I'm still getting used to it. I &lt;3 it and wonderful fast shipping. Thank you! :)", "They make a very good statement along with a great cause for the battle against breast cancer. I fully recommend them!", "The basketball sneakers are working well, My daughter says they are comfortable to play in. They fil well not too big not too small.", "What a bright color for some shoes but my 16 year old loves these shoes, he wear them a lot.", "el vendedor cumplio con los tiempos y el articulo llego como lo describ&iacute;an, tremendas gomas muy chidas  era un regalo y quedaron muy complacidos", "Wear these for all of my games this year, they have great tread and the traction is great. The price is also very reasonable.", "The great thing about this shoe is that its sooo light and it has a lot of holes so your foot can breath. Also if you walk outside at twilight or at dark some of the material is reflective. The only thing is that their comfortability is 2 out if 4, that is the only reason why i gave it 4 stars, but otherwise its a great shoe.", "Looking for basketball shoes, these were a good price so I decided to try them out. They are excellent. They offer very good support, and are very comfortable to wear and play in. I would recommend this to friends. The size was also perfect.", "Love this shoe. It has EXCELLENT grip the only thing I  would say is a negative is that you have a little room in the toe box but other then that 4 stars.", "Ordered these for my daughter for her to play basketball this year. This is the first pair that she has gotten that are actually basketball shoes for on the court. She says they are very nice, looks great, and looks forward to using them on the court. They fit perfectly as ordered for her still growing foot. THank you", "Nice shoes for basketball. Delivered as expected, no issues, the shoe is comfortably, the weight is light nice to make some moves on the court. I'm happy with this pair.", "i was looking for a shoe that would be comfortable to walk on cement floors all day and so far this shoe is very comfortable.I would have liked more of an arch .Thats why  i gave a four star. Just like with anything time will tell.", "We've never gone wrong yet buying Nike products for the many sports team participants and constantly growing feet around here!  This pair is no exception.  They are comfortable, a great fit, and provide a lot of cushioning.  Size was just right.", "My daughter plays high school basketball and got these shoes to match her team colors.  We did order a half size larger than normal, which worked out well, since Nike tends to run a little small.  Excellent support, and look nice.  She loves these shoes!", "recibi mis zapatos s&uacute;per recomiendo R&aacute;pido this tienda soy de Venezuela en 10 dias llego mi Pedido ..los zapatos Originales", "I bought these bball shoes for my son and he was very pleased and happy with them.  He communicate that they were true to size and very comfortable.", "This Nike hyperdunk basketball shoes are so amazing and I can say this is a great deal. I hope it'll approve my opinion during a time in game. Looking forward", "Best basketball shoes i've had in awhile.  I am very pleased with them and have suggested them to multiple friends", "I have recently had ankle surgery and was looking for months shoes that gave me support, comfortable, light and had a great design. These shoes meet and exceeded every expectation I had. Best shoes I have ever owned. I am actually going to buy another pair so I have them to wear outside (they are that comfortable). I love how light they are and they have had lots of compliments on how they look. Great design!!!!", "Not what I've come to expect from other Hyperdunk models in the past.  Not quite as light as my last ones, a little flat at the bridge of the foot, and very wide around the balls of the feet.  However, great lock on the ankles, and gives a comfortable run.  The strings around the outside of the foot snapped quickly, as they did with several other people that have this model.  Green is a little greener than these pictures, like the lime green that nike's been using lately, the red makes it look yellow in the site's picture.", "Despite my trying to talking him in to getting an old school pair of black basketball shoes, my son went for these bright red shoes.  He loves them and is certainly easy to spot on the court.", "I have extremely sensitive feet and I find that every basketball sneaker I try rips my feet apart. NOT THESE. These are the first sneakers I have played in that fit well, feel comfortable and don't leave me with blisters after 2 hours of playing ball. Just bought my second pair this week. Love them!", "I chose 5 stars because it has never let me down in terms of the way it feels, the way it looks or the protection it has on my ankles. When you lace it fully up, there's a bit tension but when you stretch out in it, it protects your ankles a bit better than normal lacing and feel betters when running at basketball practice whether it be the circuit or on the court itself.I truly deserved the 5 stars because I've worn this through a whole season and I can say, every aspect of it is great. It's even easy to get mud stains out of it and has shown no signs of wear/tear. You would have to be running on rocks or over fire for these things to start to get beat up, in my opinion.", "I used to wear Nike Jordans shoes size 10 and fits OK, i decided to change to this model of shoes and it is not fit as well as I need, I assume people has to add 1/2 size to its conventional size", "Bought for Granddaughter and she absolutely loves them. Says they are very lightweight and comfortable right out of the box.", "these shoes are wonderful, They are the best shoes I've used. they are beautiful and very comfortable. definitely one of the best currently", "These shoes fit perfectly and are so comfortable the first time I put them on. And that's very rare for me as far as basketball shoes goes. Mostly of them are uncomfortable and take a long time to break in. The design and colors are amazing, they look even better than the pictures!!!  I wore them last night and the ladies love it and couldn't stop looking at them. The material is really high quality stuff, extremely easy to clean. I had some dust and spilled liquid on it, and wiped it right off with a napkin. The shoes hold my feet and adjust to my movements very well. I wore it to go dancing and popped out some moves I didn't even know I had lol Can't wait to wear it on the court today and play some hoopsl!!!", "My son was very surprised as well as my self...i was extremely happy the sneakers were in perfect condition. I know for the future I'll get items from you soon", "These were a gift for my nephew. He doesn't like the sole on the 2013 hyperdunks, so when I found these on Amazon I showed them to him and he liked them. When they arrived, they were just as expected & just as they look in the photo. Thr fit is perfect. He loves these shoes!", "This is a real good shoe. They are an amazing deal. It is high quality and looks great. Good nike's.", "Loved the ugly colour combination as it was a real distraction for the Boris Karloff guarding me and this Lurch needs all the help he can get. Monster shoes.", "I am happy with purchasing this basketball shoe .  It is a good looking , super light with made of excellent material also . Thank you very much !", "A must buy, but if you have wide feet, order half a size higher than you normally do. So much breathability. Comfortable when you run up and down the court, soft landing, and good grip.", "For how long they lasted me (about a year and a half) they were great i started growing out of them fairly quickly but they went through snow mud and lots of basketball I would recommend these for anyone", "I bought these shoes. After like a month of playing hard basketball, i took a break and when i went back to the shoe, it started discoloring.The laces were ripping, and the stability felt cruddy.Avoid these hyperdunks. New ones came out. Recommend those,.", "great shoe", "I'm really particular when it comes to bball shoes, and I was pleasantly surprised how well they felt after wearing them for the first time.All in all, these are great shoes!Thanks for the quick shipping. Much appreciated.", "very bad product, I received a cheap imitation of the original. photo of the publication of the boots are original and what is not received anything. the template is ordinary leather is of poor quality, the internal fabric of equally ordinary shoe, laces equally low quality. that lack of ethics, and worst'm not the first user to write this recommendation and will be paying for an imitation. I recommend not buying this product or products from this seller.", "My teenage son really likes these and he is very picky about his shoes. The color and quality are great.", "Great design, great ankle support and amazingly light. I even bought two in different colors. Very precise sizing according to US standards.I am 38 and have played basketball for the past 25 years. In that time, I have tried all type of shoes and these may be easily in the Top 3.", "I bought these as a Christmas present for my 14 year old son.  I don't like to buy shoes online because I'm afraid they won't fit, but in this case they were perfect.  I could not find his size in any of the stores locally.  He was very happy with his present!", "Looked good but just exactly what I was expecting as in feel and fit. Always got 10.5 in all other nike shoes but these must run small and were tight side to side and length.", "I rated this one star based on the fit and shoe quality. I have purchased many pairs of basketball shoes in my life time and these are the worst.", "first time ever we didn't get the shoe we ordered.wanted the gray, last one and we ended up with the black color again.hope to get a gray set one day", "Amazing shoes perfect fit but expensive. I would buy another pair but it's hard to afford them. So i would recommend this shoe for anyone that has the money to afford nice shoes.", "Best basketball shoes I've ever played in! Comfortable like crazy! These shoes look great when the rest of the team has got a pair too!", "I was disappointed in the shoes.  Bought two pair and wish I had selected something else.  The service was excellent, but the shoe...not so much.", "My son was in desperate need for shoes starting the basketball season late. It was difficult to find a pair of blue shoes, and on such a short notice.  We received these shoes in less than 48 hrs. from the time of order.  Thank you! The shoes are great!", "I got these for my grandson and he absolutely loves them.  He thinks he even plays better basketball when he wears these.", "This shoes are really nice . Definately . But they hurt your pinkie toe because of the plastic on the outside but other than that  =)", "these sneakers have great traction, are lite weight but cause pain on the higher part of the ankle when you tie them.", "My high school student loves these shoes and I loved the price.  They seem to be well made and he has been wearing them a lot.", "Nike the best brant for sport. This shoes are comfortable in the court. No bad!!For Tennis this is the one", "Looks good.  Fits great.  Feels wonderful.All in all a great shoe.  My daughter for whom I bought this is very happy.", "I wear these for actually playing tennis. They gave me the worst shin splints I have ever had the first few times I wore them. It happened during the first set if not the first game. Luckily, I figured out that if I don't lace them up all the way then there is no problem... so strange. I asked my buddy about them. He also got shin splints but he played through it and just sort of broke them in.Update:The sole of the shoe is made from rubber that is pretty soft. In about a month of playing 4 - 6 hours per week I have worn a large portion of the sole smooth.Update 2: They seem to run large in size compared to Adidas.", "I already had a pair so when it was time for a new pair I chose this style again. Great product", "My shoes fit as expected. Are very comfortable and I would like to recommend to my friend thank very much", "This is the 3rd In-Season TR2 I've purchased.  My first pair was orange and black for my grandchildren's school colors; the 2nd was the gray and green for my work out shoe, and this last one (black) I purchased for my all around walking shoe.  This shoe is a fantastic fit, the insole is no cushy ... there isn't enough words to say how marvelous this shoe is.  Nike should make a whole bunch more.", "The sewn in tongue of the shoe was unexpected and I have a high arch which makes it difficult to get on quickly.  But when I get it on the shoe is comfortable.", "The cushion in these shoes are wonderful!  They are really comfortable and I absolutely love the fact that they came in a normal color and not just the neon crazy colors that are popular right now.  I am not a teenage, so I don't want the neon stuff.  I wear these in my gym classes and for any running (treadmill and outside) and they are just as comfy as when I first put them on.  I will give a little heads up, because they are so cushy, they are a little tighter than I expected (tight around the foot, not in the toe area).  I still have plenty of toe room.", "The shoes have a gel filled insole and are designed to be slipped on. I love them, but if you have wide feet or find it difficult to bend over and wrestle your feet into shoes, they aren't for you. The uppers are thick fabric with stretch and are very snug, would probably be uncomfortable for a wide foot.I appreciated the quick delivery.", "I love these NIKE sneakers....no need to wear socks with these....the cushioned foot bed feels wonderful...I love them so much I bought an extra pair (they are hard to find....thank God for Amazon!)", "I hate wearing tennis shoes because they are often heavy and make my feet look huge ... these  Nikes are super comfortable -- I've even worn them with dress slacks!", "After I broke my foot the memory foam sockliner was like walking on a cloud. I love this shoe and would buy them in every color in my size.", "i love these shoes, they are very lightweight, and have a comfortable gel inside. they are great! i would buy them again.", "Comfort is #1 very lightweight and great tread, too. Nice look and designed well,  good all around sturdy build. Would buy again", "I love these shoes.  I now have four pair in different colors.  Very supportive as well as very comfortable. Even casual walking is fun.  Great shoes.  The best I have ever bought.", "These shoes are unbelievable comfortable. I am a huge nike fan owning for than thirty pairs of shoes and these have quickly become my favorite. The colors are awesome as well.", "These shoes came very quick and they are comfortable. If you are used to the regular Nike free, then I must tell you that these toggle ones do not have the same arch support which I thought would cause me problems but haven't so far. I have worked out in them and ran some but haven't done any long distance running in them yet. The yellow shoe strings are VERY bright so if you are not into that this shoe is not for you..... I am very pleased with my purchase and it was a great buy!", "LOVE them! comfort, light and excellent for long workouts in the gym or the outside.  Color is awesome, a must have!", "Just a wee bit larger than expected towards the front (toe area/top of foot).  After wearing them a few times,  I don't notice this too much any more.  They are becoming quite comfortable with wear.  Not as comfortable as my other Nike Free 4.0 shoes.", "These are the most comfortable runners. I am a nurse and work 12 hour shifts. My feet used to hurt by 3 pm. But ever since I have started wearing these I don't have the pain at end of shift.  I have 2 pairs, one for work one for working out! LOVE THEM!!", "Very comfortable, but they tear around the top.  I continued to wear and then a hole in toe.  Would buy again, but not at the price.", "I've had these shoes three months and I have two holes on the tops of them already. (Tears) I am a runner and they were great month one... That was it.  Looking into buying Brooks now.", "I bought this shoes, so I can have a comfortable run, but they were burning my feet in the gym, cannot imagine what would happen outside on the hot weather. My feet hurt after I run wearing them. Returning immediately, will never wear them again.", "I mistook the shoe material to be leather.  It is nylon and the shoe runs small even though I ordered a larger size.", "I am a massage therapist and on my feet more than 8 hrs a day, 5 days a week. I have also had foot surgery. This shoe is the most wonderful design with the memory foam I don't even think about my feet all day long. I have two pair and am now looking for a third pair. They are light weight, easy to care for and I find myself wearing them on my day off too. Thank you for this brilliant design.", "Loved these shoes until I had them for 3 weeks and I noticed tears on both of the top corners of my shoes. So irritating to pay good money and get 3 weeks of use out of them. Will not buy again!", "These shoes are all around great! The colors were exactly what I expected and they are also great running shoes!", "i have been waiting for these shoes for soooo long and finally got them, the only part that kinda suprised me was the real color, in your logo picture that everyone looks at, the shoes look greenish, so i was kinda expecting to get a light green shoe but got highlight yellow color, and one more thing is the sole on the inside isnt glued into the shoe?? whats up with that?? sometimes when i take them off the padding comes out. you should glue them in next time please... other wise i like them alot.", "I had a problem with my right ankle swelling up after I worked out at the gym and I needed some new shoes. These were lightweight enough that they don't put undue pressure on my ankles but have enough support that I'm not worried about injuring myself. I wear these every time I go to the gym now and my ankles haven't swollen once!", "The shoes are a perfect fit and I love wearing them; the color is zippy and the shoe very comfortable..", "Too small, toe box was narrow and the blue plastic was not flexible. Cute colors but not what I expected. Returned the sneakers.", "Runs a little big ........ But .....this shoe is ABSOLUTELY COMFORTABLE SHOE !!!!!! LUV IT!!!!! Great for walking , running , working out , and vacation!!!!!", "Very comfortable technology for a sneaker. I like these for walking and heavy free-weight strength training like squats/lunges on squat rack etc. At first the muscles in my feet were sore and tired from wearing them the first few times, but then my feet seemed to get stronger and they felt normal in the shoes after that. When I occassionally wear my old Nike's again my feet feel unusually constricted. It's also breathable so I find if I'm putting on cold sneakers, they warm up faster than other sneakers.The one downside is that the entire shoe seems to not last as long as other workout shoes. The sole wears out unusually fast and in an odd pattern because of the flexible squares. The fabric material around the rest of the shoe is also fragile and can snag and tear somewhat easily,", "True to size. Very comfortable for my wider foot. Not a ton of support for wearing for very long periods of time. Would recommend.", "Love these sneakers!  True to size and pretty comfortable.  I'm used to sneakers with a little more sole strength, but other than that love them and the colors are great!", "Fit well and true to size, cute, trendy, nice color without being neon flashy, and &uuml;ber comfy.  Wear to step and circuit, plyometrics, weights, and running. Winners!", "This is the third pair of this style that I have purchase (different colours) They are so comfortable and look great as wellEveryone always comments of these nike's", "100% satisfied", "Took no time to get here and they are holding up well. I would recommend this to anyone if they are looking for a new pair of shoes.", "I always buy Nike and the size seems standard.  The laces on this one seemed a little short to reach the last holes near the top.I have had random compliments about their appearance.", "This was a great gift for my husband.  I sent them to him during his deployment and they fit him perfectly.", "these shoes are wonderfully comfortable for me being on my feet for 8 to 11 hours a day love that ,but the problem is that they fit tight at the front of the toes area i guess being a D size in width,  it took a week or more of stretching with a shoe tree break them in", "top quality shoes. They are a little narrow near the toes and the heel support could be better...I stretched the toe areaby stuffing the shoes with old t-shirts...I am on my feet 7 hours a day out of an 8 hour shift and I have sensitive feet..Also, the picture of this item does not reflect the very good styling and rugged design...This shoe does take more weight offyour heels and more evenly distributes over you entire foot.  I was having severe lower back pain because my previous shoesput all my weight on my heels which transferred it to my lower back muscles. No more back pain... and every day my foot pain is decreasing...", "I love this shoe...I wish I could find the same shoe in all white.  Its my favorite pair of shoes when working as a freelance photographer, light weight and most comfortable.", "Love this shoe this is my second pair!!! I wish they continued to make this shoe! The most comfortable shoe to referee in!", "I have a medium to wide foot. Shoe is very narrow. Unlacing doesn't help because of snug fit. Couldn't even think of wearing socks.", "Like all Nike Airmax before them, these stand up to the name! Super sharp look and perfect for the Dolphins fan that wants to represent their hometeam. I can't comment on the actual performance, as these kicks are to be worn on Sundays between the months of Aug - Dec (possibly deeper if we make the playoffs). If you're a sneaker head you'll love them, and If your a Miami sneaker head, you'll want to marry them.", "My son goes through shoes and this pair is holding up well.  He is happy with the fit and says they are very comfortable.", "I bought this as a gift for my Nephew!  He loves them.  As of this writing he has been wearing them for about 6 months and they are holding up very well.  I was surprised how nice they looked when we got them, I was uncertain when I saw them online but they are a really good looking shoe!", "I bought this shoe for my grandson, he loves Nike and won't settle for any other sneaker.  I bought 4 different styles and colors, but this one, he loves the best.  He says its very comfortable, easy to clean and the price was just right!", "super", "Look great, but I wear an 11 and these feel like 10.  I literally need another full size.  Learned my lesson on ordering shoes online.", "The first month of wearing these the seems on the front started to loose and fray, i thought that they were done for. I gave them another month at max. Here am a year later. I run, jump, skip, skid, and work them to the bone every day and they're still holding in great. I just recently had to replace the insoles but other then that I'm very impressed. Especially seeing how i paid under $100 for them.", "My son loves them. He says they are very light and feel great on his feet. He also liked the color I picked", "My husband loves these shoes so much he asked me to purchase 3 pair for him.  Needless to say, he has a good supply as backup for when the first pair wears out.  :)", "I walk to stay in shape and these are perfect.  We have uneven sidewalks so extra padding is needed or your feet/legs are sore in spots.  Problem solved!", "very good, it was just I wanted. How do you rate this product. How do you rate this product very", "The shoes were as seen in the pictures. The only prolblem I had, is that they were a little too tight on the sides.", "This is a weird looking shoe. It is too small and it looks like it is made lopsided. I cant seem to give it away.", "This nike sneaker is very comfy, you will forget you are wearing anything! it is worth the price for me.", "I love Nikes . They always fit perfectly and these are no exception. It's like putting your foot into a comfortable glove that gives your foot comfort and support. I only wish that this style was still being made- I'd buy every color. I don't know how Nike does it, but they know how to support the human foot better than any other sports shoe manufacturer, and I've tried nearly all of them. Yey, Nike!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", "...and don't go higher than a women's 10. Otherwise, they would be perfect. Lightweight and the perfect width if your feet are a bit narrow. Go up half a size if you can.", "I got this color for my niece and she loved them.  I have 2 pairs, in black and royal blue, and they are comfortable.  Much like all shoes from the Nike Free series though, they run small, so you'll have to go one full size up.  They're good for the gym or just everyday running errands, etc.  Fashionable.", "Love these shoes but run about a half size to a full size too small.  Great color, feels like house shoes they are so comfy.", "These look cool but they hurt my feet after running. I lost both my big toe nails. Yuck...so just be careful they are the right fit for you if you're going to run in them.", "The shoes were shipped fast and had no shipping and handling when I ordered. Overall good shoe, not uncomfortable even when they aren't broken in.The toe is a little longer and more narrow than I thought it would be which is why it did not receive the full 5 stars. Generally though, I would recommend.", "Comfortable and cute, as expected. If you're on your feet for a while I would suggest Dr. Scholls inserts because it's rare to find shoes that are are very cushiony.", "I bought these shoes to wear on my vacation to Europe. They are very comfortable and I wore them to walk around in all day. Not only are they comfortable, they're also super fun and sleek looking.", "I LOVE these!! So comfy and are really great for a cardio work-out. I took the advice of many reviewers, I usually wear a 6.5 but bought a 7 and they fit like a glove! They are tight enough that you feel sturdy but don't cut off your circulation. They look very unique and make running a comfortable experience. Definitely recommend.", "I could have went with the 5.5;but I don't mind wearing a bit heavier sock!! Fast shipping!! Awesome product!! love them!", "This is my second pair well is really confy  for walkand special for run is great is the firts time I haveperfect confort in tennis shoes is that much I buy two differentcolors I use size 7 but this shoes is little small and I buy7.5 and fit me perfect in every sense if you buy one for sure comeback for more and have great price too", "No problem with this shoe. The product look as shown in the picture. Quality is nice just like Nike. I received on time and I started to wear them right away.", "I bought these for Nursing school, they met the criteria and my particular choice in style. these are great shoes, comfortable, and easy to keep clean. what more could i ask for", "The fit is perfect. They look sleek when on. Comfortable. I feel I made a great choice for my first pair of shox.", "I love my shoes, they are very comfortable, you feel very secure when you are walking with them, they are not heavy and your feet does not suffer at all.", "were tight for the first month i wore them.  my feet would even fall asleep haha but was glad i didn't send them back because once they stretched out they fit perfect", "I love these I now have 3 pairs great for walking and shopping I have heel spurs and they are very supportive", "i have received so many complements on my shoes. They arrived qucik, the fit is a little big. I generally wear an 11 in women but I order a 10.5 and they fit perfect. I really love the fuschia, its so pretty. I would recommend these shoes.", "This is the best shoe that i have ever bought. I have always battled with shin splits, sore legs during my cardio workouts, runs etc.This shoe has an amazing sole, great shock absorbing quality, and my knees don't hurt any more.It allows me to work out to my optimum, without any leg, knee, joint pain.Amazing product, ne4ver been happier.", "Have been looking for a great NIKE SHOCK shoe for a while.One without alot of splashy color but just enough. Love these!Great for anyone with shin pain or knee pain issues. I wear them daily 8-10 hours on concrete flooring and have no complaints!", "My daughter wears these while on her feet 10-12 hours a shift working in a medical lab.  Says her legs no longer ache! I'd say that's a thumbs up!", "These shoes are awesome! My wife couldn't be happier with the purchase! The shoes fit as expected and the quality is great.", "I love Nike tennis shoes because of the comfort however these shoes are too tight. I can't draw in the strings to tie because then I wouldn't be able to wear them.  I don't like the color, the picture showes a brighter pink but it is a dark, deep pink almost between a fuschia and burgundy.  I only wear them with my pink and black warm-up suit! So I won't have to wear them regurlarly.", "Shoes is great, but size is not correct. I ordered shoes in size - 8.5 On the box indicated that size, but the shoes size is 8th  :-(", "Love Nike sneakers!As always they fit great, and this color is awesome!Fun shoe to wear with jeans or shorts.", "Comfortable but hideous in person. The cloth around the toe and heel fade extremely fast and they look terrible in natural lighting. I regret buying these & I would encourage others to avoid them.", "If you are simply looking for comfort, this is the shoe for you.  However, if it is support  that you want I would advise against this shoe.  I wanted a shoe that would support my achy old feet.  They are comfortable and attractive for what they are..", "The back part of the shoe on the left foot was bent in a little and it tends to be uncomfortable.", "Great fit, as elegant as it seems. Basketball-wise, not light, but great ankle protection. I'm really happy because is a good shoe for a good price.", "This shoe fit about right and the comfort are amazing i can stand all day long and does not hurt me feet at all. The company brand name shoe especially from NIKE amazing deal too as well and thanks for everything", "Is just that my husband wants, very confortable and pretty. look good! he love it! and he can run with them without bothering in his knees.", "It's hard to find a plain Nike these days so the Safari in black and purple is perfect for this. No fancy air bubbles or straps, just a classic runner from the 1980's (disclaimer: I was a kid of the '80s so might have a slight bias...). You hardly see the purple, just the orange stitched Safari logo on the tongue. Comfortable for walking but you could never actually run in them - a great fashion item, but we all know this. I'm thinking of buying a second pair so I can rotate them as corner shop / pub shoes for the next 8 years.", "Lookout for these on my feet at PNC Park. Clean and comfortable. I saw them on here, one pair left - my size. It was a no brainer. GO BUCS!", "Absolutely love this shoes. I had been looking for these shoes for some time, and was very glad to find them on Amazon. The price and the fast delivery were added benefits. True to the description! Very light shoes! Highly recommend it.", "Was a perfect fit and feels comfortable received in a blink of time ..the texture is unique with the color", "Just the best and most comfy sneak I have had in a while.deivery came a day ahead of time :)Love them.And look great!", "After trying several brands of shoes for working out i have settled on the Nike. These seem to be more comfortable than other brands I have tried.", "Anybody know if these shoes are running, cross training, or basketball shoes???  I saw these shoes in another online retailer website listed as \"High-performance Basketball Shoe.\"  I have not seen these as basketball shoe anywhere else.  Please advise if you know what type of athletic shoes these are.", "These shows look great! BUT they are to small for a 10.5, very narrow and could not get my foot in them.", "The shoes really fits well - true size.Design is really nice..The only thing that i dont like is the right shoe have wringkle.Maybe because  of the stock availability.", "but it isn't. The shoes fits perfectly, but I didn't get the comfort that I was looking for. I guess this is the drawback for ordering it online rather than finding it in a store so you can fit it.", "They are good and comfortable they recommend.Nike Elite Mens Running Shoes 311082-037 Medium Grey 9 M US .Very good.Fit as expected", "like the classic waffle soles and the retro look. however, they seem to be a bit narrow on the hubby's feet.", "It is a really good looking shoe, looks like it is made from high quality stuff. I like the shoe.But it is ridiculously high, the picture does not do it justice how high this shoe goes. It engulfs your whole ankle and then some. Its closer to a boot then a sneaker, cant run in it if you should need to cuz theirs very little flexibility in the ankle.", "I love these shoes! They're very comfortable and look great, I've gotten many compliments on them. If you like the look of chucks you'll love these, they have the same style but with better support and cushioning. I have a job that require me to be standing and moving about for 8 to 9 hours at a time and by the end of the day in chucks my feet would be cramping and my back would be killing me. But with these I felt fine by the end, with some insoles they would probably be even better. I don't love the look of these with shorts, but they look great with pants. It's hard to recommend shoes because everyone has different feet length and width, but I have size 11.5 feet that are pretty wide and these fit perfectly", "I purchased these shoes about a little over a year ago and they are still going strong. I was attracted to the black/yellow/grey color scheme and have been pleasantly surprised by their comfort and durability. I've worn in them in all types of weather: heat, snow, rain. Whenever they get dirty I just wipe them down with a damp cloth and they look good as new.", "The shoe fit a little bigger than I expected. I normal wear a men's 9.5 perfectly. This boot fit closer to a 10 than I had expected.", "Everything good. New condition, size fit, quality good. Very happy when i received. Its looks very nice. Exactly same like photo show.", "Pleased with my kingman boots arriving, boots are so light weight that I didn't t think it was them, very pleased! Fit, look good and got what I paid for! Thx", "This shoe looks to be made well and has a nice, simple design. Nike is good quality too!Good value", "as an everyday casual shoe these do the job. I dont plan on hicking in them just being comfortable in the office.  If you have worn nikes before you know what to expect in the size and fit.", "i like these shoes, comforntble to walk in, best thing is that they were shipped on time. like any other nike shoes this is whats up", "Good Quality fast shipping, I wasn't able to get the right size for me, but I gave them to my brother, but good price and quality so far", "Its a Very nice Boot, So far i have not slipped when playing, I have used it both on Artificial and Natural Fields, its been good and also very light", "The Sleek design, the color, and the cleats are awesome, they have great grip on firm ground, definitely recommend these shoes.", "I bought 2 pairs of this slippers because it's light, soft, and elegant to look at.  This is somewhat pricey but with the materials and the brand, I think its worth the tag.", "I recommend this boots to anyone that need them for wotk. They r every comfortable and they look every nice. I have had many boots but these r by far the best boot I ever bought.", "Fine, good time and price. I buy a great gift to my daugther, she say, is very soft and can play fine.", "WOW. That's all I can say about these hot sapphire Nike Mercurial Victory III Firm Ground Football Boots. The only thing mercurial will be the speed at which these sizzling hot cleats make panties drop.There is no question that these are the sexiest cleats every created. NONE. These things will make your feet ejaculate. These shoes will have the ladies all over you like you were Jerramy Stevens' fists. I can't put into words how amazing these sapphire beauts look. You have to see it with your own eyes. Just don't stare directly at them for too long. You'll get an erection, guaranteed. And it's hard to play coed adult kickball when you're hard as a rock.So don't take it from me. Take it from my opponents, who just watched me launch another bomb over their outfielders' heads with my sexy cleats. Take it from them, as they watch me stomp on home plate in front of their helpless faces. And take it from them as they watch me bed their women rapid-fire like a cum-shooting Gatling gun.Get your hands on the sapphire Mercurial hotness. And don't look back.", "The product arrived in the estimated time. I am very happy with my product. Very good! I recommend to everyone.", "I love this new style I wanted to get it long time ago but I couldn't I finally had the chance  and I didn't hesitate one bit when I saw the sale..I receive the package on time moreover it's well packaged , I love my new Nike Mercurial cany wait to try it totally worth the price!!!", "I love this boot...excellent fit comfortable table...however, I got blisters on the back of heel, so I couldn't give it 5 *", "These boots are perfect, lightweight and very comfortable, the only difference between these and the top level 'Legends' is that the 'Flight' use Calf not Kangaroo leather and are therefore at least $40 cheaper than the Legends.They arrive in great condition and delivery was prompt and the ordering process easy.A bargain for the new season.", "They are rich in color and comfort.Everyone has to do with them.I'm happy I got them because I can use on different ocasiuons.", "Found the, shoes needed asap they were found, shipped and received within a week.  Thank you amazon.  My son loved them, said, &#34;These Cleats are Sexy&#34;.  How can Soccer Cleats be Sexy???", "Were the shoes my brother was waiting for. The size was correct. Fit as we expected. I think he loved them", "Looked everywhere for a leather cleat that was reasonably priced (and didn't have 8 different colors like they were made for a 12 y.o.).  Just the right combo of what I was looking for and true to size too.  I'm normally a 10.5 but these 11s are perfect because I wear ankle braces.", "Son excelentes los zapatos. buen material, gran dise&ntilde;o. recomiendo al vendedor, se entregaron en el lapso previsto. se ven muy bien.", "The Nike CTR360 Libretto III Astro Turf Football Boots is good for me ,is nice .Synthetic Leather Upper - Upper material which is lightweight and comfortable which helps enhancing performance and fit.Die-Cut EVA Sockliner midsole - For cushioning and reduced stud pressure.Lightweight TPU Outsole - Built for enhanced durability and underfoot comfort.Control Pads - Built for enhanced ball touch making you sharper than your opponents.Asymmetrical loop lacing - Provides a bigger striking zone so you get better ball contact. Adding both accuracy and precision to your kicking.", "C&oacute;modos, resistentes, buen material y dise&ntilde;o. Por el precio que los compr&eacute; eran una de las mejores opciones, sin duda.", "I twisted my ankle twice before I started using this show, it's stable, comfortable and good ball feel on shoe.", "Great shoe, fits right out of the box. Comments about color very good. People like the shoe when they see it.", "My kid swears that for hard court soccer these are the best performing shoes he has ever wear!!!He would not use any other.", "I've long since quit playing organized soccer, thus I've stopped paying $200+ for my boots.  These are great for messing around and playing pick up games on artificial turf.", "These indoor shoes are seriously so cool. The bottom has an American flag type pattern that's too cool. Overall, the most stylish indoor shoes I've owned. Highly recommended", "Well, first of all, I am a HUGE Nike fan. This shoe met my expectations of the brand. It is very comfortable and neat. I am already considering getting a similar pair. :)", "I own many pairs of Nikes in various styles, all size 10.5. This is the first pair of Nikes that actually do not fit my feet. Both the length and width are very tight. I won't be able to wear them. Too bad because they really look awesome and unique. Partner wears 9.5 and said width has tight on his feet as well.", "Ok so the listed price for this shoe for the past couple days has been 69.99-7,190.00 no kidding. I know it's a typo but if I put the shoe in the cart, it shows the balance due as the 7,190.00.  I think some zeros need moved and the decimal point shifted to the left by two places!I did not buy these shoes nor do I own them.", "So I ordered these sneakers for my hubby to match his Soccer Apparel.He loved the SNEAKERS, however they hurt his feet!! Very uncomfortable.So unfortunately my hubby doesn't wear them too much.But they did arrive Quickly!!!Amazon always Delivers. Love them!!Thank you ( And to the VENDORS) Thank you!!!", "C&oacute;modos y  bonitos creo que es lo que siempre esperamos de un buen par de zapatos. Deportivos, Casuales no pasan inadvertidos.", "The shoes came quickly and in new condition. My son loves them for varsity play at school.If I were to buy again I would go with a darker color because as he sweats the shoe gets wet and in turn grossly dirty very quick. But the shoe itself aside this is great..", "I love these shoes. I don't play soccer but I bought them for casual wear and they are really comfortable. Thanks!", "these are one of the most comfortable shoes i have ever gotten. and look great, love the colours and design, so stocked with them", "The shoes fit as expected. Great shoes. They arent 6.0s but still look great. Worth every cent. But I want to order another pair.", "Claims he gets alot of head turns from the opposit sex. If you get the picture. Great shoe at a great price.", "I bought 3 pairs of these shoes before I found some that fit.I should have tried on the first pair at the Nike outlet,but I've never had a problem with fit before with Nike.I wear a 10 and these were too small.I ordered the second pair on the internet,a 10 1/2.Still too small.I went back to the outlet store and ended up with a size 11.Two sizes larger than I wear.Try them on before you buy them.Other than that they are fine.", "At first, my husband thought they were a little tight. After wearing them a few times, they fit the way they should and he loves them.", "I bought 6 pairs of shoes, 5 from an other brand and these ones wear like a glove. They said 27 cms (my feet length) and they where as expected. They said this nikes where also 27cms, but they didnt fit me, the are like 26cms.I won't buy never again nike.", "My son was thrilled with these Nikes. The size and fit were perfect. A very sharp looking pair sneakers. Good job.", "The sneaker is a dream ! Very f&#8230; awesome  !Erick Koston's sneaker ROCKS !!!Thanks a lot and&#8230; see you soon", "These were exactly what I was expecting. They actually shipped overnight (instead of 2 day) and came at a great price!", "I really liked the product, its just like the picture, i got it on time with free return if i want to, you should most definitely buy from this seller.", "I really like these shoes. They're stylish, but they don't have enough padding for me. Walking around in these make my feet feel a little sore. The hi-top style gives good ankle support.Overall, these are very nice shoes, just a little uncomfortable.", "I bought these shoes for my 17 year old son.  His favorite color is red, and he LOVES these shoes!  They look great, and are very comfortable.  Big hit!", "These shoes were for my grandson as a gift and he loved the shoes. Nice to see his big smile.", "i bought a pair of these recently and they seemed good, but  after use it three times they were broken.  its a very low quality product. not recommend. I was scammed!!!", "I had a good few inches between my big toe and the end of my shoe, they were much too large. It felt more like a men's 12 than a woman's 12 and in my experience Nike sneakers run small and narrow. Also, the back of the shoe is very stiff and was not comfortable against the back of my leg. I am returning these shoes.", "NIKE AIR JORDAN 11 RETRO MENS 378037-107I love these jordans and so did my two year old son , they are very comfortable yet very stylish as well ...I would personally suggest these shoes to any and everyone ...", "The shoe looks great and fits great. However, if your like me and buy a pair of shoes once every three or four years you will be disappointed with these. Today is 5/19/14 I order these on 3/12/14 and the return window closed on 4/15/14. When I put them on to go to the gym I noticed that the right shoe was completely FLAT. I now have a pair of two month old $180 shoes that I can't wear. They feel like im walking with a lift on one shoe and it is almost like I have a limp. I am very disappointed.", "My son picked these out for his birthday and was very excited about them.  Unfortunately, after less than a month, the right heel deflated.  Disappointing.Amazon however handled the exchange smoothly and we are trying again.  Really a very nice looking shoe and my son reports they are very comfortable with good supporthe does run in them.", "Great sneaker, great fit, received many compliments. Just wore these sneakers, yesterday, and had several of my students and colleagues ask me where I got them.", "The Lord issued you one set of feet so you better take care of them. These running shoes are great for my feet because of the endless running the Army puts me through. The air makes the impact of each stride against the ground while running a much softer contact. If running on gravel you don't feel the rocks even if they are sharp and the design reduces slipping. They have reflective material for night running. The shoes last about 7 months before the top fabric tears or before you run a hole in the shoe causing the flat tire effect. Regardless you should change your shoes every 6 months.", "I have owned 4 pairs of these shoes and this time they are tight. I am hoping they stretch out over time.", "These sneaker are one of the most comfortable sneakers I have every brought. I would highly recommend them. The color is great also cant go wrong.", "Very satisfied product arrived in perfect condition my husband was happy and that's all that matters.  I would definitely recommend this seller to future customers and would purchase items from them again.  The item arrived just as expected lived up to its expectations and I was very impressed  Everywhere we go people love his shoes!!! I have good taste it was a present", "I bought a pair of this 3 months ago and  now they are broken. I paid an expensive item for short durability.", "Perfect for whatever you get into. Run, walk, train, travel, camp, boat, drive, stunt, cruise, barhop, date, marathon, walkathon, pre or post court shoe", "They feel light on my feet.  Comfortable, these shoes can last me.  Updates will come, I just got them in yesterday, I ran for a bit with out no problem's.", "Exactly what I was respecting for them to be,  very comfortable,  and very easy on your feet when running.. I will definitely recommende them", "My 3rd pair of Air Max 360's and I've loved them all, though I think these are my favorite.  I put them on, then ran and biked in them that first day with no discomfort, or breaking in neccessary. I'm primarily going to use them as indoor treadmill and workout shoes, and am tempted to buy another pair for biking and outdoors!", "This shoe looks cool but has been hard on my knees and is not a good shoe to run in because of the foundation of the shoe isn't the best!", "Look cool. Comfortable.After 8 weeks the bottom of the airbag peels off and then pssssssst. Then you sound like a moron walking around psst psst psst psst. Do you want to sound like that?", "I typically put 400 mile on the Nike Air Max & this was just another replacement for a previous pair.Great shoe & love the +Nike tracking system!!", "GREAT COLOR CONFORTABLELOVE THEMFAST SHIPTHEY GOT THERE 2 DAYS BEFORE I GOT OTHER SHOES 3 DAYS AFTER AND ORDER THEM THE SAME DAYNOT 5 STARS BECAUSE THEY A BIT TOO SMAL AND I DONT HACVE TIME TO CHANGE THEM N", "Well the product was definitely not brand new...it was used a few times...the sole was unclean and it definitely did not arrive in the NIKE box ...it arrived loose inside a larger cardboard box. I was under the impression that this was a brand new item-unused and in the box as AMAZON had it displayed and labelled for purchase. I can only guess that the underlying meaning is &#34;buyer beware&#34;...and &#34;you're on your own buddy&#34; ...when buying from AMAZON....", "Love these shoes!  Bright white and lime green create the perfect combination....great foot and arch support and aesthetically perfect for me.  Go Nike!", "OK LETS JUST SAY THIS....I WEAR A SZ 8/WOMENS I HAVE NEVER IN ALL MY YEARS OF PURCHASING MY SHOES PAID THIS MUCH MONEY FOR A PAIR. THIS IS REDICULOUS TO HAVE TO PAY THIS MUCH FOR A PAIR OF NIKE. JORDANS AREN'T THAT HIGH AND AMAZON OR WHOMEVER THE SELLER MAY BE NEED TO COME DOWN ON THE PRICE AND MAYBE ILL CONSIDER ORDERING. UNTIL THEN, I WILL GO TO A WEBSITE THAT SELLS AIR JORDAN AND MAX'Z FOR UNDER $80", "I still can't understand why my wife would spend $150 on Nike shoes.They look nice, though... but I can get 3 nice pairs for me with that money.", "Excelente compra me gusto este articulo llego tal cual como se esperaba y a la fecha indicada lo recomiendo para futuras compras", "Nothing compares to the Nike Air Max 2009.  They were unavailable for a couple of years, and then Nike brought them back.  Can't beat them for comfort,cushioning and a smooth ride.  The lime green color is unique and not easily found in stores. Also, they arrived in record time, even though I used Amazon's free shipping.", "I love these shoes.  I'm a big fan of air max.  I have an arch problem and these shoes make me feel as if I'm walking on a cloud.  I highly recommend these.  Yes, the price is a little high but in the long run these shoes will pay for themselves!!", "I have brought a lot of sneakers in my time. My #1 pair of sneakers used to be Nike rift now it's the air max 09.I'm getting another pair.great price also.", "Bought for my wife as a Christmas present. Very pleased she was upon opening her gift. I was pleased with the price! Will definitely order again in the future!", "I cut hair at Sport Clips for a living and am on my feet 40 hrs a week... These are the best shoes Ever!! I have bought a ton of Nike shox and used to love them till I tried these. Amazing!!! Will def buy again", "Is a great pair of shoes!!! I'm ashamed to say how many pairs of Nike Air Max I own, but believe me, these shoes are well worth the money. And then, to find them on sale rocks!!! I love these lime green Nikes!!!!", "We did not purchase this shoe from Amazon.com, but I want to share our experience with the shoes. My son (10 year old, who is not a runner) got the same pair as Xmas gift from a relative. He basically wore the shoes to school everyday.  We are very disappointed that the shoes only lasted three months. I did a math, 1 hour X 90 days = 90 hours.  That is FOUR days!! The air part of the shoes is very thin.  As soon as a thin layer is wore off, the air would pop.  Unlike the normal shoes which can continue to be used after a thin layer is wore down, Air Max is not wearable as sand/dirty would start getting into the bubble area and get trapped inside. We like Nike shoes very much and never expected Nike has such poor durability. It is a combination of design flaw and poor quality of material used for the bottom of the shoes! If I could give 0 star, I would.", "I absolutely love these! Thankfully I have another pair of the 2012s & ordered a half size smaller than I usually wear & could have possibly gone smaller. Great color! Love the 2012s!", "My son received this shoe for his birthday and had them for 6 weeks until the air chamber wore through and deflated.  Several boys in his fourth grade class had the same problem.  When I spoke with Nike directly, they told me my son was too hard on the shoe and there was no problem with the quality of the product. Nike will not stand by this product, so make sure you keep the receipt and box so you can get a refund if needed from Amazon.", "Bought for grand-daughter & she says the fit & look of them are great.Thanks, & have a blessed day", "I bought these shoes for my son and he absolutely loves them. I am usually opposed to buying shoes that you cant try on but these worked out perfect!", "Unfortunately the size got big in my son's feet, but the product is really nice and an excellent quality.I will buy a smaller one.", "If you can afford to pay $130 for a pair of shoes that last 6 weeks then these are the pair for you. I returned them to Nike and they said the air packet was deflated due to regular wear and tear. In my book, a shoe marketed to 10 year old boys should last a little longer than 6 weeks. Never do I pay this much for a pair of shoes, but my son really wanted these. It makes me ill that they had no Air after 6 weeks.", "Excellent price on air max  I really wanted black and red but these are black with bright orange stripe.  I still love them", "I bought these shoes for my nephews 10th birthday.  He is crazy about them.  The shoes arrived in a timely manner.  3 days.The condition of the shoes is perfect.  The Nike box did get a little beat up, but that probably happened in delivery.", "Came on time and my girlfriend.loves it she uses it to workout now and says very comfortable. Did replace the shoe lace to match more", "Best pair of shoes I have purchased for my daughter in years!!  Very glad I went to Amazon on this one!", "i really love this shoe they are so comfortable to wear all day i have three pairs in total it would keep buying them", "The shoe are really cute the color is nice and bright and any little girl will love them.  My granddaughter did. Great price.", "Thats good shoes i dnot have any complaints I be happy whit this product tks for the summit ok bye", "love everything about the shoes but apparently nike has changed sizeing? shoes were larger than anticipated, but doinable i hope , we will see once the season starts. i always buy nike for my son because size is usually dependable and one of the few soccer shoes that are wide enough at the toe. still the same great quality as always, i guess i am lucky and will just get two seasons instead of one!", "NO PROBLEM WITH DE SHIPMENT IT ARRIVED WITHOUT DELAY FOR HIS BIRTHDAYALL THE ITEMS FOR THE SHIPMENT WHERE VERY FAST AND EASY", "My 11 year old soccer fanatic bought these with his own money, and he's so happy with his purchase!! They are better looking in person, were a great deal, and are excellent quality (as usual with Nike, in our experiences!)!  They came WAY ahead of schedule, and I would recommend this product and seller to anyone!", "Product looks fine and I have looked a lot for it before finding it on Amazon.com. Delivery was ok and the product looked great when taking it out of the box. Too bad that was the only thing it was great with it... Initially the upper strap was pressing against the leg, making it almost impossible to walk. After some more adjustment (and resisting the urge of throwing them away) it was ok and I've been wearing them for couple of months. After that, while walking for a longer distance and sitting with them in the airplane during a pretty long flight, it became impossible to bear, squeezing the leg from all directions. Only a morning trying to walk with them and it ended up in a garbage bin, as soon a I've bought another pair of Nike.As being a Nike fan, I can easily say it is the worst Nike product I have ever spent money on! Main problems with it are the upper strap, which is not placed to make it comfortable but to look nice (which it does, by all means!) and the fact that the sole is very narrow, even for regular size as I am. As soon as your foot swells a little bit, it is squeezed from all directions. Too bad it looks so good...", "This is my second pair because I wanted a new pair for my marathon coming up in 2 months. Great support for my foot and they look awesome. I get alot of compliments on this pair and the orange.", "I love these shoes, they came when they said and they have a lot of padding. Feels like I am running on gummy bears! They are lightweight and fit perfect.", "all i wear is Nike shoes and believe me, i own many pairs of nikes and these are by far the most comfortable pair EVER!", "These shoes are pretty good.  They're soft and great on the knees for running.  I'm not a superior runner by any means, but I run about 8-12 miles per week and run 2 miles in just under 14 minutes.  Overall good running shoe.", "This is by far the best running shoe I have ever worn. Extremely lightweight and really feels great on impact.", "Love, love, love these running shoes!  Great pocket under the insole for the nike+ bit, not much effort to get this broke in, they are just plain comfortable for evening 5K runs.", "I took years away from Nike and ran Asics. Now that Asics has moved into bright graphics, I had to reconsider my position on Nike (or Adidas). Based on these customer reviews, I bought this shoe and ran it. It was perfect on the first run & I expect to run the LunarGlide+ 4(5,6,7..) line for a long time!", "my first pair i bought in nike town Chicago on a whim.  liked the shoe so much I decided to buy my second pair (sku , size, color, width, etc) of the same shoe online.they look different in slightly blemished with the colors of the sole (which is okay) but the elastic holding the tongue of the shoe feels drastically different (not as stretchable and feels like a plastic/spandex/polyester hybrid.  just changed the feel of the lunar glides.  however- product itself is great- just a skeptical of this particular pair i received.", "I ordered this item on Tuesday and was advised I would receive on the following week. The shoes came on Friday the same week. 5 stars just for that. Im the type that likes my things like ummmm yesterday.... They fit a little snug at first but once I wore them a couple of times, fits like a glove. The color is as pictured......more points. I actually will order a second pair. Kudos to Sole Society", "It is first time for me to use Nike product and I am very impressed by the extreme comfort and beautiful appearance. I recommend it for any athlete who is in need for excellent running shoes with marvelous comfort .", "The red pair ... my only gripe about the red pair is that they seem to get dirtier faster than the other colors - but still they fit great and I love LunarGlides!!!", "Good and Confortable. No problems with the Nike Lunarglide+ 4. It`s a good choice for amateur runners. Lunarlon is good.", "I read the reviews before purchasing and they were very helpful. So I was able to get the correct size for me (they run a size smaller than normal) and they feel great. I highly recommend them.", "The fit in just I expected them too. It is easier to get around Nike sizes if you already own a pair. The colors look perfect, exactly like in the picture which is what I wanted. They're very comfortable and as soon as I put them on I felt like running outside (too bad it was snowing). Definitely one of the best pairs I've ever owned.", "These are my son's favorite sneaks. He can wear his ankle brace with this shoe without any problems. He thought the red would be really bright, but it's not.", "This shoe was a great surprise...looks great, feels great...after a long stint of wearing only Adidas products, this is a shoe that could bring me back to Nike.", "I've always liked Nike running shoes, but these particularly stand out to me. I have medium to wide sized feet, so if your feet are on the wider side, you'll probably enjoy these. In terms of width, they are similar to Air Max 90s, but have much softer cushioning.", "Some of the better pair of running shoes I've had a long time. Ultra Light and tough. I recommend them for the novice or serious runners...", "the product was as described and fits great. Comfy and this is the second pair I got.  I hope this help", "Good morning, I meet through this medium to inform you that is not satisfied with the product, because the third time you use them for running, is the sole began to take off, and I had to take to repair. suggest you have a better quality control of your goods. thank you very much", "I have flat feet and run just about everyday. I had the triax and figured id give these a shot. They feel uncomfortable on whatever little bit of arch i have. They also dont have that extra hole at the top to make sure the laces keep my heal planted in the back of the shoe. They look great, just not the ideal shoe for me.", "An excellent shoe for running on unimproved roads and or dirt road.  Not as form fitting as the &#34;Free&#34; but has a place to fill my needs.", "Great, soft, comfy...great Buy. Recommend it and bought another pair i a different color...Go ahead an buy this shoes!! You wont regret it", "This shoe is light, well constructed and fits perfectly. I will definitely look for the same shoe in other colors.", "excellent shoes, lightweight, flexible very comfortable, fashionable colors, excellent brand, highly recommend,. the seller is very reliable, safe, the office is very fast, I'm very happy with my purchase.", "I have found Nike shoes to be too tight and uncomfortable.  I tried the LunarGlide after a friend recommended it.  I love the feel.  This is my second pair.", "Incredibly comfortable shoes, like jogging on marshmallows. The red practically glows, real attention getters.. Wish I could afford two pair, one for jogging and one for casual because they are very nice to walk on and run in.", "Colors in pictures are a little different than in person. The reddish / orange is more pinkish in person and the back heel is purple which I couldn't tell in the pics. Other than that the shoes are great.", "Great shoe. I vowed never to buy Nike, but these are light, cushy, supportive -- and perfect for my runs. (Please tell me kids were not forced into child labor to make these in some sweat shop in Malaysia. If they were made in the USA, I'd give it 5 stars)", "I fell in love with these shoes online.  Except they gave me the misconception that they were only gray and red.  When I received them, they were gray and CORAL!  Not a good look for the husband.  Also the shoelaces had purple in them.  Needless to say, my husband would not wear them and we returned them asap.  Customer Service was great!", "LO RECOMIENDO 1L 100 % ZAPATOS EN BUEN ESTADO Y MUY BIEN EMPACADOS P E R F E C T O", "in order to reduce weight they removed an incredible amount of the lunarlon foam and also its stability. support is weak and I can feel myself overpronate a great deal! the fit is glove like but all and all feels and runs like a racing flat. I switch to the lunarglide 3 after years of beign an asics fanatic and decided to try the nxt model the 4s. if they can somehow combine the outsole and cushioning of the 3s and the upper of the 4s and 5s they would make a perfect stability high milage trainer, instead bith the 4s and 5s are a bust!", "I get so many compliments on these shoes! Very highly visible! I am not a runner nor do I use them for sports. They match the safety vests we have to wear at work. Very comfortable!", "Nice running shoes. Super light and perfect for my step. Regarding to the durability, looks will not reach 400Km, but it is to soon to confirm.", "The new Nike was as always received on time, Amazon have proved through the years to be quite accurate in the delivery schedules they give. The new nike is what I ordered exactly, fits perfect an excellent quality running shoe this is my forth LunarGlide Nike. Since I got my first one I have not liked using anything else.", "the shoe is also perfect for running and the colors are amazing, I am satisfied with the purchase. thank you very much", "very light weight, comfortable and amazing looking shoes. I use it for everyday commute and not for running. I totally recommend anyone looking for great shoes.", "My son got these for Christmas and really loves them.  He is an avid runner and loves bright shoes to run.", "These are the lightest, most comfortable running/sport sneaker Nike or anyone else has ever provided. Good looking and functional. Never want to take them off!", "Perfect fit, and the item was exactly as I expected it to be...I just love my new Nike Lunarglide shoes.", "Just a good show. Right size, light, and very comfortable. I always like Nike shoes with bright coloring on the soles.", "One day my grandson called me up and said, &#34;Grandma, could you please buy me these Nike shoes on A.....n's website&#34; and of course I agreed, after all, he is my grandson and where he wanted me to order them from is the best place to order them from. Buy them, you will love them too!", "You can't go wrong with the Nike Lunarglide 4.  I had the Lunarglide 3 prior and like it as well.  The 4 might have even more cushioning and extremely light weight.  I run 4 miles 3x a week and this is definitely the shoe for my needs.", "These pair fitted snug around he mid-sole and a bit wide around the toes regions. This gave way for my toes to relax and breathe on those demanding runs with the military. Have an amazing arch support for my somewhat falling arches and the heel are comforting. I have demanding knees from being a Sky Soldier and riding sport bikes. This is one shoe that makes my knees not hurt when I wear them. They keep my foot in the right position so no pronating feet or the other way. They really are an awesome sneaker and for color I had to choose red for the Tide. Due to my low arches, I was changing out the soles for Super feet blues. Discovered that there is a pocket in the sole to store a Nike+ stand alone sensor to monitor and track your activities, wonderful shoe over all.", "I was sent a pair of used shoes....Dirt on the bottom of one shoe and a stain on the other that appeared to be blood....very disappointed in this purchase....I paid for new shoes and got a pair that had been worn and returned......needless to say I returned them.....", "Size 13s Fit well, very comfortable for a heavy runner (im  6' 3&#34; tall and over 250lbs). A little noise from  the reflective material under the mesh.", "My heel pain is sometimes bothersome, but these shoes are so cushiony it eases the pain.  Nothing works for severe pain, but these are the best.  Although expensive, I bought 3 pairs in different colors and wear them daily to work.", "its fits for me perfectly...n hav a gud lasting sole, also long lasting.. i love this stuff soo much.. try it guys", "They are awesome for running on the streets. pretty confotable and fit just as expected. I would buy them again if i had to.I will be posting again any time soon IF something wrong happen to them.", "These shoes provide me with the best support and cushioning of all of the Nike running shoes I have owned.", "I'm a huge&#8230;.huge Nike guy and I don't know what happen during this shift, but those lil Chinese people really messed this batch up.  I swear one shoe is bigger than the other and I like do to deep stretching in the morning and  these shoes don't really grip my desk.", "I am 98 kg with flat feet, i do walking every day for 40 minutes @ 6.4 km/hr and 3 degree inclination on a treadmill, i got myself a pair of those and they were a perfect fit, when the time came to boost the excersize, I increased the speed to 6.6 and 4 degree inclination for 45 minutes, I started to feel a lot of pain at the tip of toes,, there were somedays where I skipped the excersize just to let my feet rest, at some point I decided to get myself a larger size that I could not find locally, so I bought Nike Dart 6, the pain had gone from the tip of the toes but it moved to my ankles and eventually my knees, the inclination felt like it was double what it is, and it was like walking out of a hole, the excersize was extremely painful and exhausting that I had to cut it again, only then I realized the value of the Zoom Structure I gave up earlier. Last couple of weeks I got on amazon and I ordered the Zoom Structure 15 with one size up, today I could do my 6.6 km/hr and 4 degree inclination for 45 minutes with absolutely no pain at all, just getting the normal &#34;tired&#34; feeling after such a job.My two cents, if you got a flat feet then this is the right fix, just get one size up to account for any inconvenience and avoid loosing money over other options.", "i have no complains about it. i love my new shoes. the delivery was on time, the product quality is great. the package was the right size.i recomend 100% this product.", "Got these for my son.  He is hard on shoes and these are well made and have lasted a long time and still wearing well.", "Ok, let's get the annoyance out of the way.  Everyone complains about the difference of the tongue on this shoe.  I have to say that I don't notice it one bit and do enjoy the soft and well cushioned tongue on this shoe over the light weight one that annoys my foot in my LunarMtrl racer.  It's a different shoe, so expect it to wear and feel different.I bought an 11 in the LunarMtrl but in this one I bought a 10 1/2 because I felt I needed to start moving to that exact fit.  Not going to grow anymore, I don't think!  The feel is great, the insoles come out and make it easy to wash down the road.  I've logged about 45 miles since I got this shoe and it's holding up well and you can tell the difference in support and also light weight feel too.  The shoe really does grip your foot, and the tread on the shoe makes it really easy to adjust your stride as it flexes with your foot very well.  I know I struggle with this and it has helped my stride and comfort on street and on the treadmill.  The picture doesn't do the shoe justice, as it is much darker in person than on the screen but to be honest it looks nice.  This shoe is also a very breathable shoe, and my feet stay cool in it with the mesh netting on the sides and the breathable lining along all sides.As with all shoes, each pair fits different but this one does not disappoint!  I haven't been a Nike fanboy for a long time, but lately they are winning me back.  Have this and another pair in my rotation now.", "The shoes look nice, and he loves them, but they wear very very poorly particularly the bottoms, and within the first week of mild usage the bottoms had significant wear, and I would not recommend, or purchase another pair for the price tag.", "I wear an 11 in every shoe I've ever bought, but these fit too snug.  Probably will return, but they dont have an 11.5", "After getting denied the first time trying to buy these shoes finally found someone else who had a listing and couldn't be happier. Shoes are very light and the the colors are perfect match for my Seahawks. A little snug when you first put them on but your foot quickly works into the right spot. Very comfortable for any kind of activity from lounging around to running. I couldn't be any happier with the purchase. Might even get a second pair in another color.", "My husband recently started running marathons but wears a size 14 shoe. Difficult to find shoes in the size/style he wants. Shoes received were exactly as described and were packaged well. Came in the time promised. Couldn't be more pleased.", "I am not a hard core runner but love being active. I primary ride road bikes. I picked these up for triathlon training (I will also be using these for races) and love them. I run from 2-4 miles each run and average about 6 miles a week. They feel amazing. In fact they don't really feel much at all, I guess that's the point of such a light shoe.The color is definitely me but can be too much, and others have referred to them as very loud. :) no problem with me. They keep cars from running me over:)Bottom line: recommended to friends without hesitation.", "The picture does not do these running shoes justice. In person they are beautifully made and brilliant color. They fit very well and tremendously comfortable.", "Great shoe. Lasts through many runs. Great color for night runners! Will definitely purchase more Nike Free Run's in the future.", "This probably won't get published. The product is extremely comfortable and I have received many favorable comments about the product. The Nike Free run shoes are $79.99 with free shipping from Dick's Sporting Goods. In store or on line...same price. I am finding that Amazon doesn't always have the best price and it is important to be a prudent shopper and compare prices.", "My review of the Free Run 3 is compared to my old Free Run 2's. My Free Run 2's were consistent in size with other models of Nike shoes, the Nike Free Run 3 is a narrower and shorter sized shoe. If you are coming off the FR2, you'll have to go to your local shoe store for a proper FR3 fitting.The FR2 construction was a single piece booty-type of construction, while the FR3 has a separate tongue design. For me I preferred the single piece booty design of the FR2 as I could lace the shoe looser.What I'm finding with the FR3 is that although I now have the length correct, the shoe is so narrow that you can feel it pinch the sides of my feet, no matter how loose I lace the shoe.Returning to the single piece versus the tongue design of the FR3, I find that the tongue will migrate to the outside of my foot, and bunch-up. The bunching-up along with the already narrow cut of the shoe makes my feet uncomfortable or tingly like they are falling asleep. For a shoe that is supposed to feel minimal, after a few miles of running that nuisance feeling wears on my psyche.As for the break-in period, for me it's been a grind. I keep four different models of shoes in my running rotation, and feel like I should be able to grab a pair of shoes and go, but not with the FR3. It took over a month of short walks (adding up to about 70 kilometers) before my feet built up enough callous specific to these shoes, for me to run in them.Had I never owned Free Run 2's, I probably wouldn't know to complain about the Free Run 3. I had initially planned to make these a half-marathon race shoe, but I'm not confident in these shoes and they'll probably end up only being used for night runs.", "When I first got these shoes, I primarily got them for the color (which is a totally awesome color) but the more I wear them, the better they get. I have had them for a year now and they are my favorite shoes. I recently started running on a regular basis and use these to run with. I recommend these. They are comfortable, durable, and super light weight. Want to buy another pair soon!", "upon clicking the size 14 some lighter yellow or green picture appears, but they are actually the very bright VOLT color as shown in all the other pictures.", "These shoes are super bright - I love being able to spot my son in a crowd as he's walking out of school. He is very happy with the comfort and support!", "This people deliver to APO, AE address im out here in Afghanistan and not many sellers deliver over here but this guys do and it took less then 2 weeks and that is great time for out here", "my boy loves these shoes.  He runs long distance for the school track team.He feels they are light weight and very well built.  He loves the feel", "They fit and feel great, but the yellow is to bright. I returned them for a different color. I love nike free run shoes.", "I run a lot and have tried just about every kind of runner. I love the light weight and cushioning combination in these. Most ultra light shoes have no impact resistance and most cushioned runners are too heavy. These strike the right mix. I love the Volt color because they just about glow in the dark.", "As I get older I continue to need more cushioning to continue to jog.  The Vomero has the best cushioned foot bed I have ever run in.  Great choice and I will probably order a second pair to alternate my runs.", "The shoes are GREAT!!!  The material that they made of is freakin BRIGHT!!!!  You can't truly apperciate how brightly colored these shoes are until you take them out of the box and wear them!!!  I wore them for physical training and EVERYONE loved them!!!  They are as comfortable as you would expect from the Nike running shoe line.  I have NEVER had a problem with a pair of Nike running shoes, so I continue to almost exclusively by from them.  These shoes will help continue that trend!", "I ordered a pair and tested and trained in them for a 4 mile race.They are comfortable for a every day jog, and for every day walking.The are too heavy to be a race shoe. The added weight of the cushioning reduces your speed over time.I read other reviews and had hoped it would be a good running/ race shoe.", "husband loves this shoe, very light weight and very comfortable, they look great and we would buy them again in the same color also.", "I'm an over 200lb. runner. I need good shoes with good padding. I love these. They're my second pair of Vomero running shoes. Highly recommended for a neutral runner on the heavier side.", "Best shoe for a heavier runner ,especially if your putting your custom inserts into them . I like the color ,something different in the 7.This shoe is well over $100 at any shoe store. More fore-foot cushioning than the Pegasus .", "These are the 4th generation I've worn, same great cushioning, fit and now an awesome bright color. I'll continue to buy Vomero's as long as they are this good.", "this partuicular pair has a lil more support in the left shoe then the right so it's not my favorite pair but still very comfortable.", "This is the 4th pair of Vomero's I've owned. Great fit, great cushion, great durability. I usually get 300-400 miles out of a pair. Sometimes more.Note that these are not a minimalist shoe. If you prefer a &#34;barefoot&#34; style or a zero drop shoe, this is not it. However, I have avoided injury for years using this shoe and utilizing a run/walk philosophy when doing training runs.", "Not Bad, these were bought as a gift, the giftee likes them a lot.  However, they did pick them out.", "Hubby ordered these because he loves these shoes BUT Nike likes to suck you in and then discontinue. He's happy FOR NOW", "I love this shoe. I use them to run everything from 6 mile daily runs to marathons. Not too heavy and with enough protection for longer runs.", "This style of Nike is my new favorite shoe. I have them in several colors and plan to buy more. Worth every penny.", "Hi,Sneaker is ultra-light weight, yet durable. Bottom is smooth so be careful on wet/smooth surfaces, but great for gym and treadmills and general purpose. Sneaker is open air and promotes air exchange inside sneaker foot cockpit. I have got so many compliments on this  sneaker that I bought a second pair today. First pair over 2 years old and still look great and function accordingly.", "I love it! It fits well and has a classic deign to it. I am attracted the first time i saw it.", "I've been running for 35 years, almost all with nike. I tried others in the beginning but always went back to nike for a comfortable but rugged shoe. For some reason sports authority has mostly dropped nike. I don't like the prices of the others. So, I turned to the internet and for the first time ordered shoes without being able to try them on first. These shoes were about $20 cheaper than all the other comparable shoes. I was very disappointed when they came in. THey fit well but were uncomfortable, too stiff, inflexible. Worst, the foot liner was cheap with no cushion. It felt almost like running on a hard surface with no shoes. I went to sports authority and paid $20 for liners that I got in the past in nike shoes. That resolved the cushion problem but they are still stiff and inflexible. The worst nike shoe I have ever experienced and I've been through a lot of them. Since 1976 I have run somewhere in the neighborhood of 10,000 miles so I know shoes. These are sub par for nike.", "Great for long distance running. Very comfortable shoes and has a nice support to your feet. Nice Color too. .", "Just wanted to throw my two cents in. I saw a review from a woman rating a mens shoe that plays raquetball in running shoes. It was also considered a favorite review. Very confusing how someone can rate a running shoe and have negative feed back to a runner who didn't like the shoe. I've logged well over 1000 miles in the +28s and had to switch to the +29s because I wore my last pair out. I thought this would be a safe change due to other pegasus' I've worn over the years. I am a month from running another marathon and realize this was probably not a good time to change shoees but I took a chance with the +29s. Unbelievable difference. At least to me. My knees and feet hurt so bad after a 19 mile run that I was having doubts as to wether I would actually be able to finish the marathon training. Luckily the local shoe store here helped me and I think I'll be ok. If you are used to the +28s just be careful with the +29s. Make sure you can return them if you need to. And really people, if your going to do things other than run in a running shoe, don't behigh and mighty over a person that didn't like the shoe and used it for its inended purpose...", "I love these shoes! Super comfortable and absolutely a dream to run in. They are pretty bright (if you're into that). Fit as expected and will most likely be buying these when they get their miles put on them.", "These running shoes have reduced the pain of shin splints dramatically.For those who land on their heels when running, this may be the shoe for you.  i'm happy i bought them", "Nike is finally building running shoes again. The Pegasus is not for stability. Have your running form down to perfection before you run in these. Cushion is perfect and tread is perfect. (the waffle pattern was wildly successful for a reason).", "Gorgeous, high quality, comfortable. Colors are nice and they are light for running. Nike is the best! It never fails me.", "Having had enough shoes, running many miles and try and try. I decided to go for these shoes. I thought there would be up to a Asics shoes and other overpriced. Suffered from sore ankles warm and because of my bad shoes. I saw these on sale, the tried and changed everything ... It was pain ...The tread is super comfortable, weigh quite little and I think with both a more expensive shoes. If you run frequent often, but you are thinking of running marathons are ideal. Buy a how are you and stop playing with your health", "This pair of shoes fit like a glove. Perfect replacement for my old Pegasus +26. Ready to make some miles with them.", "love these shoes ... very good for gym workout and light cardio ... they fit, give good support and also look decent", "Like walking on a cloud. I am a neutral runner and a former D1 athlete. This shoe feels great to walk or run in.", "Love this shoe! Light weight and fits like a glove! I buy the new version every year.", "I had run about 30 miles in these shoes (both on roads and trails) but recently after a 5 mile hike (read walk) on a rather hilly trail, they seemed to break down and lose lateral support for the outside of my foot.", "I bought these for my husband and he loves them. Perfect fit and look great with everything he wears.", "After 30 years of refinement, Nike has created a top end shoe that is nearly perfect. Amazing blend of cushioning and superb fit. I've been running for nearly 20 years and this is still one of the best shoes out there, from running your local 5K to training for a full marathon I trust these guys.", "Outstanding running shoe. Light weight. Good fit. Great colors. Good support. I would definitely recommend this shoe. Great price too.", "Very comfortable and well made. Liked the color design as well and with three young children, I do alot of running and have little time to shop!", "My son wanted something from Nike that was stylish and durable. These sneakers are everything and that. They are well worth the money!", "was the correct size and fit that i had assumed it would bewas in the original new packaging and boxwas promptly shipped and deliveredvery comfortable higher mileage running shoes as hoped", "The product arrived on time and fits nicely as expected. The color and size were respected and I am very satisfied with the purchase.", "Great show, that fits great! I received what I expected and really enjoy wearing the new shoes. They are comfortable, and durable.", "Good choice. I love it. But no color choices availabe. I love its design. A good for long walking distance.", "They fit well and are very light.  I only run a couple times a week usually on the treadmill but these shoes felt right for me.  Great cushioning in the heel and was wide enough for me in the toes.  Like the color also and so very light.  Would buy them again.", "awesome product, would take another one.I wear it everywhere, outside, running, at home and while sleeping :)Recommended by me", "I have had this pair of Nike Air Pegasus for a week now. These are very good looking shoes that are comfortable and have a great fit. I use them for going to class and running errands around town. This is my second pair I have bought in the past 4 months the first pair I use for running. They are great shoes for whatever you want to do.", "I am a avid walker and use to use cross trainer shoes to walk in. I used a running shoe last year and enjoyed them quite well. So I got a pair of Pegasus to try out. Yikes. I've been sent to the ground 4 or 5 times now. The last one did a number on my knee. They want to tip me over quite a bit. I don't understand but I have gone back to the cross trainer for good. I do walk along roads quite a bit and maybe that slight variation in level surface is too much for a good running shoe while walking?", "Ready to walkExcelent choose...!!! Excelent service!!! Recommend this shoe and service by all means...Thank you!Had one alike last time and this are even better.", "I purchased the previous release of the Pegasus (Pegasus 28) and must have ran about 350 miles on them. Nothing but a great experience. Loved the shoes, never had issues but when the soles started to wear down it was time to look for a new pair. When I found the Pegasus 29 on Amazon, I considered it to be a similar shoe and, if nothing else, a bit of an upgrade. Wow, was I disappointed. The arch support in the Pegasus 29 is poor. It is so poor that after running for about 10 miles on these Pegasus 29's I had a sore back, sore arches and stinging pain in my knees. I am three Chiropractor appointments later and still recovering from running on these shoes. BUYER BEWARE. These are not anything like the Pegasus 28, unfortunately! I wasted my $", "I ran a 50 mile Ultra marathon in this shoe, the first 26 miles the shoe fit fine, however the sole didn't last, by mile 26 , i could feel every little rock and pebble on the trail.  This shoe is only for short runs 5K and 10K's.  Nike is way behind in the running shoe field.  Would not purchase another Nike running shoe!", "Bought my first pair in 2006. Just now getting a new pair. Very comfortable from day one. This shoe saved my vacation in 2006 when we were at Disney World. Had bought new shoes for the trip and the first day my feet were killing me. We went to Downtown Disney,and bought my first pair of Nike Pegasus. It was like walking on a cloud. I was able to keep up with &#34;all&#34; the walking at Disney with my family. This shoe saved my vacation for sure.", "I have always worn Nike Pegasus and this shoe continues in the tradition of a really good shoe for a good price.", "Great shoe, but I had to exchange my first order because it fits a 1/2 size smaller than the Pegasus 30 model.", "The Nike Pegasus is the best running shoe on the market hands down.  The neutral rid makes for a comfortable run.  The shipping was very fast and the price was reasonable.", "I run 1000+ miles a year and usually only get about 300-400 miles out of a pair of shoes before my knees begin to bother me. I have owned two or three pairs of Pegasus before and have gotten pretty good service out of them. This pair of +29 exceeded my expectations as I was able to run 600+ miles in them before switching. A great pair of shoes for neutral runners who want a cushioned but not overly soft pair of shoes.", "These shoes are perfect for my feet. They alleviate the stress from running on a daily basis. Nikes do run thinner than usual but that's what I wanted. No durability problems yet. They are amazing shoes overall.", "This is my 5th straight pair of Nike Pegasus (owned 2 pairs each of the Pegasus 27 & 28).  In my opinion, there is no better shoe for folks with a high arch who need a cushioning shoe.  With that all being said I still wanted to make sure about my purchase so I went to the Nike Factory store and tried 6 different neutral/cushioning shoes.  The only shoes I thought would cut it were the Nike Pegasus 29 and the Nike Icarus.  I went with the Pegasus because they had a great fit, felt very light on my feet, and seemed to have enough cushioning for support. The Nike Icarus shoes had a lot of cushioning, but felt a slightly heavier to me.  If you need extra cushioning that might be the shoe for you.Anyway, I have ran on the Pegasus 29 twice for 3-4 miles each time and they feel a little lighter than my Pegasus 27s/28s and were more breathable as well.As far as color, mine are white with a black swoosh and a red sole.  The Nike Factory store also had this bright yellow/white and a bright blue with with neon red (almost pink).", "I've owned many Nike Pegasus and these are a great shoe for a great price.  They seem to be a little small compared to past Pegasus.  I moved up to 8.5 from 8 for this pair.  I am a casual runner at about 7 or 8 miles a week.I nicked them a star because getting the shoe in the color you want seems to be difficult.  I don't mind the bizarre colors in a race, but when I retire the shoes to casual wear I want something less &#34;bold.&#34;  The black/volt was the best I could do.", "The shoes are comfortable but I give 4 stars because runTOO BIG , come on time and look like in the picture but you needto buy one size less the normal you wear ...", "I needed a new pair of running shoes, so I actually downgraded from the Air Pegasus+ 30 to this shoe due to their very reasonable price. In comparison, doesn't feel as light in motion and took a while for me to break them in. After 100+ miles logging in these shoes, they feel very comfortable and not as stiff. I would definitely by another pair if necessary.", "I was looking for a replacement for my Vomero 3's that had a few hundred miles on them. I've only run in these shoes twice, but they lack the comfort and cushion of the Vomero. I tried on a pair of the current Vomero 7's, but they didn't fit quite right. I guess I'll continue my search.", "I don't know why buts its a bit narrower than my past four versions of Pegasus's I've owned. Disappointed in that. Otherwise a great running shoe.", "Shoes felt like they would be very comfortable only they seem to run about 1/2 size small will try another pair but this time will go to a shoe store, return was very easy!!", "I will give it to Nike. I was researching shoes for a good Neutral-Slight Underpronater model, and the Pegasus definitely fit the bill. They are incredibly comfortable, lightweight, provide for a soft landing, and are cushioned enough to allow for the natural gait process to comfortably complete for me. I slightly underpronate, so this is extremely important.(Prior shoes: Nike Air Moto Max 5+)", "I was in dire need of new shoes and have been faithful to Nike. I went to Nike Factory Outlet store and tried on 8 pairs of shoes. Some were running and some training. The Air Peagasus 29 were the most comfortable, so I bought them. I have run about 10 miles in them so far, and they are hands down the most comfortable shoes out of the box I have ever worn. Not to mention they were really affordable too.", "This is a perfect shoe for a runner in his 50s.  The cushioning is excellent.  It is lightweight.  The soles are durable.", "I alternate running and weight-lifting and these shoes are great for both activities. I got it after my son who is in cross-country got it and loved it.", "I get shin splints and other pains in my legs often and did extensive research on running shoes to avoid these injuries as much as possible.  Everything I looked up suggested the Nike Pegasus.  It was the exact amount of cushion, protection, and mobility I was looking for and helps prevent injuries.Fantastic running shoe!", "And they are in his favorite color.  He normally wears extra-wide shoes, but these must run pretty wide as he wears them in the normal width.", "The Nike Pegasus is a neutral basic running shoe that has been out for many years (since the late 1980s) and have been always working for me.The current version is no exception, and people who liked prevues versions will enjoy this one as well.", "I tried these shoes on at the Nike Outlet store, I tried on an 8.5 but I needed a size 8 (which the outlet did not have). I came home and searched online for the same style/color and found these shoes on amazon.com. The outlet charged $56.99 and Amazon charged about double that. I bought them anyways because I wanted the shoes so badly. So maybe the fact that I paid double what the Nike Outlet charged says something about these shoes, especially since I try to by things as cheaply as possible. I don't regret paying more because these shoes are so comfortable and lightweight and the color has just the right amount of &#34;pop&#34; of color.", "I've been running since I joined the Army. I'm 6'2\" and flux between 218-225 lbs. I started wearing these shoes at 235 lbs. I have a normal arch. I wear a size 13. Due to my size, a strong sole and great cushioning with superior support are necessary to mitigate the risk of injury to my knees, ankles and to prevent shin splints. Most shoes I've worn have worn out within a few months or weren't good enough for me and I struggled with soreness. These shoes have a sole that provides excellent stability. The cushioning took a great deal of impact for a very long time. I am about to buy my second pair after 7 months and wearing . I, for the first time in my life, was able to run regularly for 6 months without any injury, soreness, blisters, or pain. At the 7 month mark, I started experiencing some soreness and blisters. Time to buy news ones and these are a no-brainer for me!", "The Nike Pegasus has always been known for its cushioning. Although not as highly cushioned as its big brother, the Nike Zoom Vomero, it is lighter. The extremely light upper is made of a soft plastic. In the Pegasus 29 a Zoom air unit in the heel is combined with a foam cushion for the rest of the sole.This is an extremely comfortable shoe (though, again, not as much so as the more expensive Vomero). Its one problem is that the two different cushion types -- air and foam -- have a rather different feel; where one ends and the other begins is quite evident. This isn't a problem for me but I use these as casual/walking shoes; it might bother runners.", "My son loves these shoes.  He also had the size 8 and when we went back to the Nike store to purchase the size 9s, they no longer carried them.  I looked for them on Amazon, and thank goodness they were available!  I may even order the 10s!", "Either way, this shoe is pretty incredible for running.  The weight is minimal, the comfort is pillow soft, the durability is high and the color is...well...you'll see me coming, let's just say that.  Nike shoes in general tend to be pretty true to their size or on the narrow side.  I tend to go with a wide shoe but didn't have to with this particular model.  My previous pair is still actively used for running and it's been almost two year and over 200 miles.  When it comes to comfort the individual has to decide to I definitely recommend to  try some on in person before you buy.  As long as this model shoe exists I'll purchase it for running.", "The shoes fit perfectly and are very comfortable. The color shown was exactly the color I wanted. Surprisingly, people often tell me how they love the shoes. I was afraid that people would judge that a 79-year-old man has no business wearing bright orange shoes, but I was wrong.", "Good cushioning and durability for underpronators. Light and stable and looks good even after many miles. Easy choice to order online if you know what size you need.", "As usual, great shoes. Very comfortable, the only thing you have to keep in mind when buying Air Pegasus is that the soles will eventually wear down faster than other shoes. They have very good grip on the other side!", "I've been buying Nike Pegasus for several years, mostly because they fit great.  Also they are suited to almost any kind of sport.  I have to say that the colors are getting wilder all the time, but maybe that says more about me than the shoes.  I recommend these most highly.", "This is my second pair of this model.  I have a wide forefoot and so I am always very pleased to find shoes that fit this well.  Having run a couple dozen miles in them since their arrival, I can say that they are quite comfortable.  I am a longtime avid runner (5'7&#34;, 140 lbs) and give shoes a run for their money.  I only wish that shoe manufacturers didn't change models so often.", "I bought a pair of these after running in the Pegasus + 28 this last summer. I liked those so much I bought a second pair. When the + 29 came out I immediately grabbed a pair. I've probably run about 150 miles in these shoes and have not had any problems. I've tried many different brands, most of them much more expensive and these are honestly the most comfortable for me. I plan to wear these in a few months for a 1/2 marathon with confidence.", "I was real pleased that the size was right on. Back in the 1980s the size bounced around a little bit. As a 180 pound, mid foot striker this is still a good shoe for me. Recently I tried to increase my mileage and ran into a variety of minor injuries. My running shoes were old so I knew it was time to replace them. Then I remembered that I had relatively few foot and muscle injuries when using the Pegasus. To my surprise they were still available. I have run in them for only a week but so far it has been a nice light and stable upgrade. There are cheaper shoes available but they just do not work as well for me.", "Very few things in life live up to our expectations.  This shoe was everything I was hoping it would be.", "Good comfortable running shoes. Had a pair of older Pegasus and i love these series. I have a small bone that forms a bump on the top of my foot so most shoes hurts me like the Freeruns but the Pegasus are comfortable. These are not waterproof as i expected them to be though. Wore these during a rainy day and felt my socks getting a little wet at the end of the day. Took off my shoes and felt the inside and the mesh area where your toes are was wet from the inside. Other than that great shoes.Pros:+ Comfortable+ LightCons:- Not waterproof", "This shoe is really comfy and looks great just be ware that it's the color of the Hulk and looks like it will glow in the dark :)", "These are my second pair of dual fusions.  I picked these up because I loved the colorway and with knowing that these will not be available next year for the spring/summer line up, I had to get them. The Sneakers upper layer is completely mesh, and its combined with a rubber sole to give support during running or walking on very hard surfaces.  The mesh causes the sneaker to be very lightweight and flexible.  The lightweight and flexibility gives it a very comfortable feel on your foot.  The have a very light feel when worn and almost feels like you are wearing nothing but socks.  If you are a concrete runner or a person who loves to walk, I highly recommend these, as they give a good amount of heel support.  Retail is $80 from any Nike outlet.The Good: Very comfortable, lightweight, color is nice, HUGE selection of colors, great heel support, good for concrete applications or even long walks.The Bad: NOTHING! I just hope Nike makes a winter version for these.", "Sweet looking and comfortable shoes. Lightweight and good to run in too. I like a tha blue :P I hate spending money on shoes but these seem like they are worth it so far (1st week)", "These were gift for our youngest son (35yrs) who is a shoe expert and is athleticism his shoes get hard use. He gave them high marks.  So we hit homerun with our gift.", "The shoes are very comfortable and meet all the needs I intended for them (running, gym - anything physical); plus they look awesome! What would I expect from Nike though?", "These shoes fit as expected and are really comfortable. I will be ordering a second pair when these wear out.", "Excelente!! Se los regale a mi novio y son super comodos para caminar, hacer ejercicios, son  muy llamativos y super chevere,", "i was expecting a reddish orange shoe like in the picture.IT WAS BETTER, it is a darker red and not a faded red like in the picture", "I purchased these shoes for my son last year and he has worn them everyday around campus and loves them.  These shoes are comfortable, excellent quality and easy to keep clean. There is currently minimum wear and tear and a great investment.  This Nike shoes was worth the investment.  We only wish we could have bought two pair as they are no longer available today for purchase.", "These shoes are awesome.  The are very comfortable and I've gotten lots of compliments on them.  I will be looking to buy at least another pairin different colors.", "I got this same exact shoe today for $34 dollars. Sports Authority knocked off the price as they had to move them fast to get 2013 models in. you're throwing away over $100 if you buy off the net. Not sure how long they'll be left in stock though.", "I love Nike, and I love the 360's just as much. I own a lot of shoes but these are my fav!", "this product is perfect for me it is confertable in every way i love it and could not believe how confertable it is", "these shoes glow even in the daytime, everyone has a comment when I wear them. Hard to keep clean though", "Very good brand, good product, each sports lovers will fall in love with this brand, really good, ohVery good brand, good product, each sports lovers will fall in love with this brand, really good, oh", "It is so hard to fins shoes for my boyfriend who wears a size 15. These fit perfect, and he says they are super comfy!", "I love these shoes definitely worth the money. They are very comfy and pretty durable in all weather conditions. A must buy", "This is an extremely comfortable shoe, a little heavy, but super smooth cushioned ride and fits well. Beware of stepping on anything sharp though, like thistles, because they will deflate your air pocket, turning these into Air Minimum's, pretty much defeating the purpose of these shoes and making your stance crooked", "Second pair of Air Max. These sneakers help reduce pain in my hips and knees. Feel like walking on air.", "These 2012 Air Max shoes are quite comfortable and look great.  Got lots of compliments and comments on them.  This is my second pair this year.  I walk 2 to 3 miles a day in my work.  Couldn't live without them.Only reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is that they have an annoying squeak when I walk.  Both pair squeaked the same.  I paid over $350 for 2 pair of top line shoes from Nike that squeaked.  From Nike I would have expected better quality.", "I have a few of these and I buy them when ever I see them at a great priceFeel great and you can run for ever with these shoes.", "These shoes are very comfortable.  I usually can't wear the shocks but this pair seems to be very comfortable.  Recommended.", "awesome shoes! if you go to the store and look for this shoes you would not find them, that is the advantage of buying this kind of item online", "These shoes sell for $159.99 at the 3 local stores I checked but not in this color combo which I really like.  Pics don't do them justice. I could order them this way from the Nike store for $185.00  This is a great buy.", "was a gift to my hubby ...and he loves it....just like description.Excellent choice he is so happy with them and they ar so cofy", "Both shoes ripped two months in. Still fit okay but the outsides by the toes are ripped.", "I had to look around quite a bit before I found shoes with a low heel and some arch support. I am used to wearing Birkenstocks and high heels really annoy me. These are good when the weather does not allow Birkenstock sandals.", "I bought this second pair after buying another in a different color. I often spend long hours on my feet at work, and these shoes are very comfortable. I don't run with them, though, so I can't comment on them as running shoes, except that they're very light. I also don't think they'd provide a whole lot of support. But I'm very happy with them.", "Unfortunately i got an email saying the stock number was wrong on here and that i will be getting a full refund which i did receive. I know the shoes great because i had a different colored pair before. They fit really nice and easy on the feet. I would recommend the shoes.", "These shoes are exactly what I wanted being a coach...lightweight, comfortable, and look great. Cannot go wrong if you order these.", "These shoes are light, extremely comfortable, and nice looking to boot. Definitely a great buy! I bought the Cool Grey-Summit White shoes. They look good with a variety of clothing styles and colors. Wish I had bought a second pair.", "Great shoes..very lightweight. They fit true to size and are comfortable. I will definitely buy same shoes in other colors!", "Great running shoes for my son who runs track he said they were great and comfortable. awesome shoes for teenager.", "The shoes are very light,but don't get the nike run free, they look the same but they are very different.", "Everything you would expect from Nike.  Comfortable while doing jumping exercises and jogging.  Love the color as it goes with just about anything.", "My 15 year old loves these....too bad they got stolen out of his gym locker, so we bought another pair as well!", "It's always good when you are buying something for a gift and the item is perfect. I highly recommend it.", "I used these shows for running on concrete/sidewalks, also for casual use, I can't complain, have had some leg troubles, but I do not think it is due to the shoe, they provide great support and very nice style!", "I bought this shoe sight-unseen because I had a (later year's version?) of the same shoe. My old shoe was basically perfect, in fact I am still wearing it. This shoe is also very good, but the fit is somehow much stiffer, and the shoe has a little more stability than I expected/wanted. So while it is a great shoe in its own right, I was expecting something else.Well, I can't exactly rate the shoe low just because it failed to adhere to my incorrect expectations. Nike Flex shoes are all very good, well-balanced shoes for general training. I've been running for 25 years, so I might be a little too picky. For &#34;the average person&#34; these shoes are a GREAT buy. This is something you can be happy with, without giving it too much thought. This is just a great all-around running shoe for the average person who doesn't need anything special about their shoes (i.e. this shoe is not a stability shoe or a trail runner or etc. etc.)The one thing I will say is that the material on the sole of the shoe was not built for trail running, high mileage, or etc. You might find it wearing out sooner than other shoes. But the good fit and low price should compensate for that. Good shoe.", "The child that received this product is very happy with them. He was not going to receive any Christmas presents until I was able to buy a great product at a wonderful price.", "Exactly as advertised. Shipped properly and timely. Fit my daughter perfectly, size consistent with standard. Good looking sneakers as well", "Last 25 years I use size 9 (42) for all kind of shoes or boots and of course I ordered that size and it is written Size 9 (42) on it but I am sure it must be at least size 10 (43) and I couldn't use it for the running so I gave it to other man who is size 10 (43)", "Very good tennis, allowed me to easily rest my feet when making my actidades like hard work or sport. Good material that I'm sure will last me for quite some time, plus a good presentation that make me go well.", "One of the few shoes I have ever worn receiving compliments on. These shoes stand out in a settle way without being tacky. The feel is surprisingly firm for the giant air cushion but that bodes well for cross training shoes. I squat over 400lbs with these on without any compromised balance making each rep feel more secure than when performed in other shoes. Never had I realized shoes can make a difference performing squats until I bought these. The only downside is that these shoes are not as breathable as they appear, so you may want to take advantage of some antimicrobial product to keep your feet funk free.", "This is a great shoe...the air sole provides great cushioning. The only annoying thing is that there is no real tongue on the shoe so it can be a battle to get your foot in it.", "They are very confortable runing shoes. They feel great and looks even better. If u like the model... Just click the buy button.", "This shoes is very beautiful and great for runners... There is a tip.... personalize your shoe with your name... This color night blue is amazing.", "I have low arches and these shoes are heaven on my knees.  They are light and the color is remarkable - navy with a hint of purple rain.  You will not be disappointed in these shoes.", "She just opened the box and got happy with the design and colors, just waiting to wear them at the gym. Fast shipping, arrived in perfect condition.", "Training for a marathon now and Lunarglide is my running shoe of choice, you won't be disappointed, lightweight, but gives support, very comfortable, and even after running 20 miles in them I don't get blisters or have any foot pain at all!!  Great colors and a great shoe!!!", "Good brand, good product, I recommend it one hundred percent, I love it and I would buy again. I like it", "Love these. They're comfortable and look so cute. Love the color also very nice for running and when I'm doing my excersise at the gym. I recommend these cute sneakers.", "Super cute and super comfortable.  Mesh is  lightweight and comfortable.  Color is really nice, kind of a raspberry color.  This shoe cost a lot more on other sites.", "robust built, cute color and true to photo here, normally I wear size 7 Nike and order a 7 for this one, fit perfectly. Cushion and support feel good as you slip into the shoes. love them!", "bought these for my wife that loves anything pink. she loves them. they are great a comfotable. shipped very fast.", "I bought my original pair from Nike in August 2012. I am an avid runner. These shoes are the best running shoes I've had in awhile. I decided I wanted to buy a second pair for when the first wore out.The only thing I'm unhappy about is the price. My first pair from nike.com was on clearance because they were an older version. The same exact pair on amazon 8ish months later, was twice the price, which is ridiculous. Otherwise, I would give them 5 stars.", "I like the shoes however i thought from the picture they were a light yellow but the shoes i received they were a neon green and gray", "I love these shoes!!! They are a great color and fit wonderfully!! I love them and as a heptathlete in track I can use them for many events.", "I have broken both of my heel plates and comfort is now a big issue for me when standing in any shoes for too long. These are light weight and very comfortable for this price range I wear them all the time.", "Very comfortabe and stylish! I got these for my daughter and she loves them! I would definitely recommend them! Great walking shoe!", "I own two pairs in two different colors! My favorite running shoes!! So lightweight and comfortable and love the bright colors!!", "These are GREAT running shoes. The color blue is good. I wear them everyday, and actually as I sit here, Im wearing them now. I always get complements on them. They go with everything too.", "I love the Nike Lunar line.  They are just awesome.  The only problem is you have to either replace or add to the insole.  Their insoles are like paper.  No foot support.  These shoe are just for looks.  They last for about six months of regular wear.  Dirty easily but easy to clean.", "Great cross trainer or runner, love the comfort and lightweight aspects of this nike model. I recommend if you train often & need a comfy shoe that also has support & stability", "I highly recommend these shoes to every level of runners. I love the colors and style. My feet never sweat in these shoes.", "I took a chance in ordering this shoe, I normally wear ASCICS Gel Nimbus and I have wore them for YEARS.  I love the support this shoe gives to my arches and sides of my feet.  I purchased these because I work on my feet all day and walk (a lot) over mulch, rocks, gravel, and cement and I've found a great running shoe works the best for the conditions I work in.  These shoes are doing great!! I would recommend these to anyone.", "Nike has done it again - My wife has been in lunarglides for um.... three or four years? She's had every model and when she put these on she started running around because she was so excited.These kicks are great. She's done a few seven mile runs (And some shorter ones as well) in them as well as a few classes (zumba and kickboxing at the YMCA). She loves them. If you're a fan of Nike at all, this pair is worth your purchase. If you've been a fan of LunarGlides in the past -- don't hesitate.Sweet :) Thanks for reading.", "Love them, they are excellent for my power walking, love the color, they are so comfortable, will buy another pair", "I'm in my mid-40s and decided that running would be the most economical and quickest way for me to get in some daily exercise.  So I was looking for a shoe that would protect my not-used-to-running joints and support my really-not-used-to-running feet and muscles.  These shoes are lightweight, but with solid foot support and are cushiony without suffocating my feet.  I'm not running like a gazelle just yet - but I'm definitely not lumbering along, weighted down with elephantine feet either.", "These are the best running shoes. I originally had them in another color, wore them out, and decided to stick with the Lunarglides. I love this particular style of Nike. They are comfortable and offer plenty of foot support.", "I bought these shoes for cross country training last fall and am quite pleased with the result. The color was (and remains to be) very vibrant and the shoe is reliable. I also use them for other activities such as cardio classes like zumba, which they are great for because they are lightweight and not bulky at all. I switch back and forth between these & my aesics and there honestly is not a huge difference in either. All in all a great purchase!", "I am preparing for my first 5k these shoes were recommended.  They made such a difference the first time I trained in them.  These are better than expected I will purchase another pair. Nike is all that I have purchased in the past so I trusted the recommendation.", "Sneakers look great feel great but was overcharged.  Paid $20 more from what the tag said inside the box. Misleading", "I love Nike Frees and have used them for a few of years now, this is my 5th or so pair and I recommend them to everyone I know.  I haven't had anyone I've told about them come back and say they regretted buying them.  I have tried the alternatives and think that the Free gets as close to barefoot as is safe to run outside.  The others in my opinion don't provide enough protection for landing on something that might injure your foot.  Within a week of starting with them (I started with Free 7.0s which have a thicker sole to ease you into the concept) I no longer had knee pain nor shin splints.", "I have had plantar fascitis in my feet in the past, and this shoe (while ok for standing for a little while, feels like its lacking support in the toe area. Fine for a light jog, but I am a nurse, on my feet for 12 hours, and the support for this is lacking.", "I like the looks of these a lot. I jog about 2 miles a day. They're very comfortable. I think I personally might need a little more ankle support. Other than that, they're great.", "The fit is perfect... both the length and the width are very comfy for my average foot. The support is terrific! I usually find that I need to circulate about 3 pairs of running shoes because I run or do cardio everyday but these are so supportive and bouncy that I can wear them seven days out of seven. I'm on my third pair of the same exact type and I'm tempted to buy 10 more pairs, worried that they will stop selling these awesome trainers! By the way, these running sneakers are also great on indoor cardio equipment!", "really love this shoes, it looks really cool and is very comfortable to wear them! I want to work out as soon as i put them on :)", "I shop for Nike a lot. And with their shoes, I've had the same shoe for over 4 1/2 years and it's still running strong. I will add, I take care of my things with extra care. With these, I washed them (w/o dryer use- let them air dry) when needed (usually about once a month) and keep them clean as I go in between. Mine are blue, white and reflective silver.The only issue I had about a year ago was a small part of the rubber sole on the back part, coming a little loose on one shoe. Had it professionally fixed (glued back) and looks and feels like new. Had it pro fixed incase something else needed to be done instead of just gluing. Love my shoes (and spent a lot) so wanted to keep them ;)Right now, there is a small tear on the left side near the pinkie toe area. :( (that's why I'm here, looking for a new fit) ;) anyway though...Fits great.. I have the Nike+iPod installed and just love it.  :)Just Do It. ;)", "They r very comfortable. But I gave four stars cause they look black but they r navy blue in the light", "love the color and the style. this allows any one to see me while I run. glad they had the color I wanted!", "I have tried several running shoes but I always go back to Nike Air Pegasus, I typically buy this brand twice a year and alternately wear each run. This seller gets A+++, fast shipping, sent notification, well packaged so I really appreciate that, thank you!", "nike pegausus is the best for running, i always buy this model because is the most confortable i ever run", "DO NOT BUY this Nike shoe.  I bought these because the were rated as a cushioned shoe. I have bought air Pegasus previously and love my Air Pegasus 28. After wearing the 29's for a few weeks my heel began to hurt accompanied with leg pain.  When I pulled out the insole and checked,  the heel is hard as cement, with no cushion at all!!  After calling Nike customer service, they refused to do anything.  As a result I will never buy the Nike brand again.", "I am usually a New Balance girl, but I had heard such rave reviews of the Air Pegasus that I thought that I would give them a try.  I am an average distance runner (about 30-35 miles a week) who has been running for nearly 30 years and need a shoe that is comfortable, stable for my ankles and supportive for my arches.  Shoe longevity, especially with shoes this expensive, is also a huge factor for me.  I also was looking for a shoe that was a bit more minimalist than my usual choices as I am looking to improve my gait from a heal strike to mid-foot strike.  I was greatly disappointed in the Pegasus.  After only three weeks of regular use, I started to see significant signs of wear.  The shoe was also rather snug (I usually wear a 7.5), but I felt that I could deal with this if all other factors were equal.  I also did not get the same kind of support that I was used to in New Balance.  I ran a race in the Pegasus shoes and my feet and knees were not happy by the end. Given the reviews and the price I had much higher expectations of this Nike product.  I will be going back to New Balance!", "Of course the shoe is great like the pegasus is (go try one on in your local running store if you're unsure of the fit/foot compatability).  I ordered these online because I wanted the neon color, and I was not disappointed!  It truly is NEON!!  Super flourescent and bright.  Love it.  Paired it with some black reflective Yankz laces and now every car on the road will be sure to see me :)", "Nike fits my feet. These are not as study as the previous year's models, so they are not as good for long distance. Having said that, I did complete a 20+ mile training run a couple days ago and they weren't bad-they just won't last.", "it's nice and normal, giving support. The only down side is that it's a little too heavy. I actually much prefer flynit.", "I like the quality. Simple and direct for running. It is very comfortable and light.Nike please, continue producing Pegasus.", "I love the color.  I have another pair in this color I bought months ago.  I always buy size 9 1/2.  The size is consistent with my previous purchases over the years.  This is a very comfortable cushioned shoe.so I stick with the Pegasus when I buy Nike running shoes.", "I've used pegasus through the years. For a moderate jogger like me, these are great plus I like the color!", "The shoe runs true to size.  However I don't like the support in the heels. Why does Nike keeping changing the name / model of their shoes?!", "My wife loves these running shoes.feel good on walking or jogging and works well with her electronic tracking devices. Recommend to any runner", "I had to return these, because they were too small. I read the reviews that said that, but I have always thought Nikes ran small. I currently have a size 7 Nike running shoe that fits fine, so that is what I ordered again. I should have ordered a 7.5. Unfortunately, they didn't have that size in stock, so I had to order a pair from another online retailer. The shoes seemed to be very comfortable, with a lot of cushion, but I haven't had a chance to run in them yet.", "These shoes are so awesome! Love how bright they are too! They are super comfortable, and perfect for wearing to the gym. Love them!", "Great cushioning, yet a very light weight for a neutral training or race shoe.  Toe box perhaps just a little larger than other brands.", "This shoe did not fit as I expected. I consider myself a true 7.5, but with socks, this felt like a 7.0. First time I've ever purchased a NIKE that runs small. Returned them for a refund. Love the style and color!", "Great looking shoe and very comfortable. Fit is true to other Nike running shoes , would definitely buy this shoe again", "Excelente producto, fue enviado incluso antes de lo indicado, muy buena calidad, muy conforme con la compra, lo recomiendo altamente.", "My husband bought the men's version of these shoes and loves them.  I just got them today and I love them.  They have great support and are light weight.", "I love these shoes, they are very comfortable.  I haven't worn them to run or work out, but I wear them to work (vet tech) and on my feet all day.  They are durable and  comfortable.", "Thanks to previous reviews, I ordered a half size higher than normal, so these fit great. Very comfortable, and I can't wait to wear them to the gym tomorrow!", "Got here fast in great shape, my daughter loves, them and been wearing them since they got here, holding up well.", "I gave this nike shoe 4 stars because nike actually discontinued making the shoes I originally wanted to purchase.... But these are pretty comfy...", "Love these shoes, love the color and fit. I won't wear anything but these to run in. I need to find more fun colors to add to my collection. 11 pairs so far.", "so comfortable and super cute.  Very functional.  I like the color options. I see people with the bright colors and they look cute.", "I walk daily at least 45 minutes.  These Nike Air Pegasus sneakers are the BEST!  My arches have excellent support, the shoes are light, but give excellent support.  I am a happy consumer.", "Bought these for my wife without her ever trying them on.  She has always loved air pegasus and knows exactly which size fits her.  These worked perfectly, and she's always used them for working out since she got them.", "I just love the shoe, it is comfortable, not heavy and fits perfectly. Have run with Pegasus several half marathon and that is why I got this ones for a marathon. It did work for me however I know we all have different running styles, performance and physical characteristic, the Pegasus is worth trying", "After my dog chewed on her old pair, I purchased these to replace the old. She tried them on when she got them and went out for a quick run and loves them. True to size.", "These shoes are stylish and great. No problems. They held their shape for a long time. I'd buy them over and over", "I have gotten this shoe before and will more likely get them again.  I wear them at work and my feet feel good.", "I love Nike products.  Shipping overseas was great, got the product in two weeks!!! I am so happy with the product.  Such a comfortable running shoe, I recommend for any woman needing something cushiony and comfortable to run in.", "If you have wide feet and love to run then these are the shoes for you!  I have 4 pairs of them and they are the BEST!  I run/workout 6 days a week and so I put these things through the wringer and they come out great.  I would HIGHLY recommend them if you have wide feet because the toe box on these shoes is nice and roomy.  I tried the +30 but they changed them and made the toe box more narrow and so they don't fit me but these fit no matter what color I order, and I can run in them right out of the box!  They are very well cushioned and so if you want a cushioned ride then these are for you too!  I usually try on 20 - 50 pairs of shoes (and that's NOT a joke) in the stores before I find ones that fit my feet well and so that's why I own so many pairs of these.  GET these SHOES!  You won't regret it!", "I really like the fit and comfort of this shoe. It felt like I was running on air. The red color is really bright and I'm still trying to get used to how they look on my feet since I've never worn such an intense color.", "These are really comfortable but fit a little snug.", "I choose these for color comfort and style, Love them so does all the women at my job that feel great and i recommend this  company to friends family and coworkers looking for comfort and style. Great price too!!!!!!!!!!!!!", "These are great shoes, and I love the color.  I get many compliments on them, and they are very light weight.  I originally gave the seller a lower rating because I did not know that the pricing was in GBP terms rather than US dollars, and thought I had been charged an incorrect price, but then was notified on the correct information regarding the price.  The company in UK seems to be a very good company and the shoes  were delivered ahead of the scheduled time.  I would purchase from them again.", "l loved my new shoes and comfortable using for a long walk. The style and the color were so awesome!!!!", "Does not fit like other Nike shoes (shorter from heel to toe). Poor arch support. Poor overall foot support in front area of shoe.", "I bought these shoes for a friend for her birthday and she loves them! They fit great and are great to wear during workouts!!", "I'm a Nike Fan, espeically the Air Max line.  They support my high arches and work better than any other shoe I've tried using while working in a warehouse.", "I do insanity and I have very bad feet.  These shoes make my workouts a pleasure- no pain! Love them and they are cute to boot!", "I read about the shoes and loved the recomendation, so i decided to order a pair. The shoes arrived sooner than I expected and they fitt exactly. I recomended all my best freinds to order the same.", "I bought Nike Pegasus 29 for my daughter over a year ago for Christmas (from a different site).  We usually wear the same size and since I have a hard time finding a comfortable sneaker I decided to try hers and thought they were really &#34;cushy&#34; but decided to go up a half size (hers are 7 1/2, I ordered an 8) just because it felt a little short for my big toe.  The 8 didn't really seem to make much difference in these, even wearing a thin sock and I'd swear they just don't have the same &#34;cush&#34; in the ball area as hers but she said maybe they just need to be broken in?  We'll see, I hope I didn't pay over $100 for shoes that are going to end up hurting my feet like the cheaper ones. I just wonder if these are &#34;seconds&#34;??  Otherwise look as pictured.  Use for walking dog/gym.", "I just love the shoe, it is comfortable, not heavy and fits perfectly. Have run with Pegasus several half marathon and that is why I got this ones for a marathon. It did work for me however I know we all have different running styles, performance and physical characteristic, the Pegasus is worth trying", "I have to order these on line these days in order to avoid the neon bright running shoes in all the stores. I'm way too old to have such attention called to me and my feet! I'm on my third pair of these Nike Air Pegasus+.", "The seller was great - I received it perfectly in the correct time frame. However the shoe is listed as &#34;OBSIDIAN/BLACK/MDM VLT MDM VLT&#34;  - it is more blue/purple than anything black. Just so you know.", "I have been wearing this same brand and type of shoes for several years and they have served me very well.  I walk 25 miles per week and they last about 6  months before the soles wear down so much that I need a new pair. They fit well, are very well cushioned and I recommend them for anyone who is a supinator like I am. I used to jog in them but now that I am almost 80, my knees and hips complain if I run or jog.", "The classic Pegasis in raspberry. Very pretty and perfect fit. My daughter loves to run in these shoes. They are one of NIKe's best- PEGASUS!", "MY WIFE LOVE IT, VERY FINE, ITS CORRECT, PERFECT, I RECOMMENDED, THE SIZE AND THE QUQLITY IS CORRECT, VERY GOOD", "Love the shoes but they run smaller than other Nike's that I own, so order 1/2 size larger, and they do not have the size I need", "I can't stand Nike!  I will never wear Nike!  Nike is for losers!  These were all quotes from my wife up until the point that we went to a local running store to get her professionally fitted for a pair of running shoes.  She ran through all of the brands that she thought she liked but none were wowing her.  Last pair that she tried were the Pegasus 29's and once they were on her feet she could tell immediately that these were the shoes for her.  Nike has converted the hater to a disciple.The wife is not a big time runner (3 times per week) with a smattering of 5 and 10 K's throughout the year.  Also training for a half marathon.  She used to have problems with shin aches and other however no problems with these shoes since she has had them.  Order them 1 size larger than normal shoe size (which is common to do with running shoes) and they fit and feel perfect.", "I always buy Nike Air Pegasus to run. I had already four... and I like it very much. It is very very comfortable!", "Great product!! Got this for my wife and she loved the color.  It's also very comfortable and I'd recommend it based on my wife's reaction.", "The shoe looks nice and is very &#34;cushiony&#34;. It would be perfect if I had ordered a half size up from my normal size (8.5W), which has also always been my regular size in Nike. The toe box is really tight. I really, really would have liked this shoe if not for the sizing issue, and I have no way to return it now.", "Love these shoes and will buy more in different colors!", "I had been having such trouble finding running shoes... I went to a Nike store thinking I needed wide shoes, but the salesman told me I was using the wrong shoes.  He suggested the Pegasus style.  Ever since I've been buying these, true to size, for my running and walking.  I feel like my feet can breathe and I don't get the little numb/tingly feeling in my toes anymore.  I'd highly recommend them.", "This is the third pair of Nike Pegasus shoes I have purchased. They are comfortable, they wear well, and come in a great variety of colors. I will buy another pair when these wear out!", "So glad you can get previous models! These are just the best running shoes, my 3rd pair and ran a half marathon in them the day after I got them.", "I always wear AirPegasus so really no big surprise that i love shoe...also all the kids at my school think I'm really with it to wear such a bright shoe!", "I love these shoes and wish they had more in my size!  I don't like the newer versions as much as these! They fit SOO well and my feet can breathe!  Highly recommend...but be aware, I have a wide foot so if you are narrow may not fit as well.", "This is my second identical pair of Nike air pegasus +29. For me, air pegasus is the best. Everybody needs to find the right athletic shoe for them selves.", "I have worn this style before.  I knew it would be comfortable for a walking shoe.  I could not find the appropriate size and color locally, so I ordered from Amazon.", "Nike is my choice for running shoes.  I purchased this pair for my gym runs.  The hot pink is off the chart.", "Love Air Pegasus shoes & was really glad to find them. Have back & knee problems, so these shoes work super good for me, as I use them for walking.", "The best cushioned shoe on the market!  Great for anyone with injuries or arthritis or who just wants maximum protection from impact while running or walking. Nike needs to keep the Pegasus.  Well made and light with good support.  Great color choices a plus. Price a little high but you get what you pay for and will save money in the future with less injuries and longer more enjoyable runs.  Highly recommend.", "Awesome sneakers! I do a lot of jogging and therefore always shopping for supportive, comfy sneakers. I always shop Nike sneakers....but by far, this one is one of the best ones I have had in a long while. Unlike with my other sneakers, my feet are not soared after jogging in these - and I jog approx 5 miles for 4 days per week!! no pressure points since I have been wearing them!!", "I love these shoes, I walked all over Pigeon Forge during rod run week and my feet didn't hurt once.  I also wear them to work.", "I love my old Nike tennis shoes, but read good reviews on the Air Pegasus shoes, and I have to agree.  Very comfortable with lots of support for working out and running.", "I have had many pairs of these exact sneakers. When they are on sale i buy them.They are very comfortable if you are a Nike sneaker wearer. I use them for the gym, walk/running in the park.I am a size 8 1/2 and in Nike i always order size 9", "Wasn't to sure about ordering shoes online as different brands fit me different, but these shoes fit perfect. They are comfortable and lightweight. I would defintely buy another pair.", "Nike seems to have discontinued these shoes, so  whenever I see them available, I buy a pair. They're great trail running shoes.  They fit well, and seem to last forever!  When I couldn't find a pair locally, I bought  the Nike Wildhorse. That was a bad idea.  The fit is completely different, and it's not a quality shoe like the Air Pegasus.  There's no pull tab at the heel, no notches in the tongue for laces, and the rear of the heel is cutaway, so you tend to rock backwards. The front of the shoe is overly padded.", "It was not the size requested, try several times to tell the seller and always responded that I could not change it. My size is 8.5 and 5.5 sent me. It was small for me and sent them anyway.", "I order these shoes because I started to walk recently as a way of exercise and relaxation.  The shoes fit as expected.  They are comfortable and make my feet feel good even after long walks", "This shoes are great. So comfortable.  Love the color and they are great for working out or just running errands.", "These shoes are comfortable and so far, so good as for trail use. Frankly, I haven't done a lot of outdoor running as it's too hot right now....", "Daughter-in-law picked these out and loves them, but the sizing was a bit off.  Needed larger ones.  Very comfortable shoes.", "These shoes feel so good and I have wide feet so it's usually hard for me to find a comfortable tennis shoe I love these shoes", "Los colores hacen juego perfecto. Sn muy comodos y para las clases de alto impacto como body combat super recomendados", "These shoes are perfect for my wife.  Perfect fit.  Comfort was great and they were shipped and delivered in Hawaii in days.  Now my wife is Pregnant and can only walk/", "I just got my new Nike air max in black and purple,I like them. I  find Nike to be true to there size.As far as performance goes In the pastThe fit are good not too tight or have a funny arch to them. The delivery was fast . Pretty psyced !I have liked Nike and will continue to buy them as long as they don't go to over the top with prices.", "My boyfriend purchased these shoes for me, and I LOVE them, they are absolutely perfect. I've never had a &#34;nice&#34; pair of shoes before, I always just find cheap ones that will serve their purpose. I can't believe how much difference it makes to put a little money into a pair of shoes. These are most definitely the most comfortable pair of shoes that I have ever worn!I've read reviews about the air bubble things in the back popping, causing the back of the shoe to deflate. I have had no problem with that, though I am EXTREMELY paranoid that is going to happen!It did happen to my boyfriend's brother, though. He wore his shoes everyday for a year, went to the gym 4-6 times a week in them, and played sports in them. So they were very well used by the time that it happened!I would DEFINITELY recommend these shoes! They're very comfortable and soooo cute!!", "wow, when i ordered these I thought, because of the price, they would be an extra pair or shoes to wear, but I was way off the mark.  they are my absolute favorite shoes to wear to the gym, grocery shopping, with jeans and yoga pants!! I wore them to work on black friday and several of my co workers commented on how fresh they were! I highly recommend these to any age group, theyre a great shoe to jog in, walk, shop, etc. They are super comfortable, great support and give you superb balance for an amazing price", "I have feet that are always sore but I love these shoes not one day of sore feet. I have worn them for the past 3 months and still my feet do not hurt.", "Super cute & comfortable. I always get compliments when I wear them. Looks great with jeans & workout clothes. Best Nikes I've ever bought.", "These are the best shoes I've ever bought. I've owned multiple pairs of shox, these are definitely my favorite. Has a very thin tongue instead of a bulky plush one.", "These have been the best shox I have ever bought. Was skeptical at first. Ordered a pair of shox turbo + 12 from another site last year and had an awful uncomfortable fit. Extremely tight and one shoe didn't come up far enough on my heel and felt like it was going to slip off. I decided to try again and I couldn't be more pleased. I wear an 8 and have a wide foot, but with tennis shoes I can get away with a medium width. They move with your foot so they were more flexible than expected as well. No foot pain nor back pain any longer and very breathable fabric so your feet don't get too sweaty if you wear them alot as I do.", "Top of the line shoes. Perfect fit. True to size. Very light weight shoes. They feel lik a puffy cloud when you run. I will only buy Nike shoes from now on :) very satisfied customer", "Love the shoes, they're great! Very comfortable and flexible.  I am very happy with them and glad I made the purchase!", "My wife love the shoe. It is light weight and breathable. here only complaint is that it requires an additional insert for support.", "Don't let the photo turn you away. These are replacing a pair of Nike cross-trainers that I had I all over Europe, crazy Caribbean and Central American explorations and before getting home to LA Florida and another trip to Europe.I love shoes, but with a perfect fitting Nike's, sometimes those lovely heels, boots or flats are just not right. I keep an old pair of Nike's designed like these in my car with some outdoor gear just in case some fun pops up.These are definitely more advanced in every way: fibers, sole design, physical comfort and temperature - it's as though they breathe and almost as good as bare feet. The color coordinates with all my gear, I really like dark gray with various pastels. The last were black with white &#34;swoops&#34; and b & w layers in the sole. So I've updated everything and these fit right in plus they look good with jeans though I usually wear other boots or shoes with jeans. These came very fast as in perfect, new condition.", "I wore these all over London and Ireland when not wearing hiking books. Most comfortable sneakers I've ever owned. Very happy!", "These sneakers are sooo comfortable.  They are not bulky and almost make you seem as though you have no shoes on.  I think they were a great buy.", "I purchase these shoes mainly as a casual sneaker not for a specific activity. They are super lightweight and very comfortable not to mention cute!", "i just recently started cross-fit and needed shoes that would allow me comfort to run. the soles are super comfy and the mesh material allows breathing so your feet dont sweat. i have wider feet and these shoes fit perfectly since day one. i love them so much i started wearing them to work. so comfortable! especially if you stand all day. best workout shoe ever.", "I bought these shoes as Christmas gift for my girlfriend's mother. She works out 5-6 times a week and needed comfortable shoes. Of course she wanted Nike that looked nice but yet still gave the comfort she needed. She has no complaints about the shoe and is very happy with them.", "I was looking for some comfortable new shoes to workout in because my old shoes were not giving my feet and back the support I needed. I purchased these shoes after going to a different website and finding wonderful reviews about the comfort and fit of these shoes.  These shoes are incredible. They are so lightweight that I don't feel like I am wearing any shoes.  They are extremely comfortable and give my feet and back the support they need. I no longer have problems after a long workout. I ordered a half size bigger based on other reviewers saying the shoes ran about a half size small, and I am glad I did - perfect fit.  I would recommend these shoes to anyone looking for a comfortable pair of running/workout shoes.  As an added bonus, I get a lot of compliments on the color.", "this hunted very good for running and walking I recommend it to all very high quality confiafle and hope this can serve others interezadas on this product.", "I love this product. Came on time and the packing was okay. I love the color although some pictures are off, but the actual color is the brighter pink with real like in description. Very very happy!", "Shoes came right on time feels great love love love them in the gym...the color was much brighter than picture...but besides that great shoes", "I recommend this product. They are true to size, nice looking and comfortable. Nice price! And I love the color.", "It fit perfectly, I start using it to run and is a great and confortable shoe.I'm happy with my purchase.Running keep me alive and  active, so the shoes are my weapon to work forth, are the more important piece on my equipment which help me to go far without even think about it. Allowing me to go as far as my trainning let me go. I can run in shorts or pants or even in a  bathen suit, but no without shoes, that have to be in my feet, must be soft and perfect to reach my gold on my races.Those shoes help me on my long distance tasks.I had it on when I ran on the last Gatorade's race in Caracas.", "Wow! i cant believe how quick my daughters' shoes arrived!! The Delivery was estimated for Thursday and they arrived on MONDAY!!My daughter is going to be stoked by seeing her gift! she loves running and shes a blue lover. What else can I ask for?Im a happy customer. Thank you!!", "Excelent it's ok", "These are very comfortable and seem to be well made. The reason for 4 stars is that nobody is perfect and not everyone deserves a standing ovation.", "I purchased these shoes because I love the VOLT color.  I even added some laces of the same sole color to make them POP!  Besides appearance though, these are a very comfortable shoe.  Great arch support and solid around the foot.  The only con I have is the tongue is weird.  It's very thin and a bit stiff.  I prefer a padded tongue to add comfort to the front of my ankle/foot area where the tongue normally sits.  Super fast shipping from this seller.", "My wife is wearing these and really loves the light feel.  She just started running and these shoes have been very comfortable and light weight.", "We ordered these for our daughter and they came in and were to big, so we sent them back and ordered a different size and never got them.  She was so disappointed about not getting these.", "This is a very attractive shoe.  My daughter loves it.  I am very pleased with this purchase.  I should have bought 2 pairs", "They fit well. I love the bright colors. I think these shoes will last a long time. I may order another pair soon!", "I bought these shoes for my wife they came quickly and just as expected for a lot less than local retailers.", "These shoes are great!! They fit perfect and are lightweight. I am definately going to purchase another pair. My husaband and kids like them too.", "Wish I could have gotten a half size bigger because they do seem to run a little bit on the smaller side but I really like the shoes", "I bought these running shoes 1'2 size larger than my normal size and they fit very comfortably with plenty of room.  No problems noted with toe space as some reviews indicated.  I do not run a lot, but I walk daily and these shoes are perfect for the job.  I would recommend.", "I work on my feet all day and this shoe is perfect for being on ur feet all day. :)", "Sometimes in life things don't always go as planned and that turns into opportunity for people and companies to excel, and that certainly is the case with this product and shipper ... Highly recommend these shoes ....The wife loves em..Which is Great ! Foot Paths did a wonderful job. Thanks to all involved !!!", "These shoes are really comfortable and run true to size. They are cute and lightweight. I love wearing them everyday!", "These shoes mark a new trend in design and are very comfortable. But it is necessary to take into account to be ordered 1/2 additional size, since they are somewhat tight", "excelent!!", "SE LOS RECOMIENDO A TODOS, POR SER UN EXCELENTE ZAPATO, BASTANTES COMODOS Y MUY BUEN ACABADO, NO DEJEN DE COMPRARLO", "I love Nikes for exercise shoes, so know that.  I got these because I wore my last pair in the absolute ground.  I know that the &#34;less is more&#34; movement in running is hot.  See barefoot running, etc.  However, I am a curvy girl with an unstable knee.  It occurred to me that a more stable shoe might help.  Very true. I have seen the other reviews that the shoe did not have room in the toe box. I always get my running shoes a half size larger as is recommended.  I actually have a little extra room.  They are not cramped across the ball of my foot or toes.  The heel is really soft and a little sock like around my ankle.  Very lovely.  I didn't have to break them in at all.Now, word of caution...the shoes sold here are identified by style and not by year for the most part.  So, I can't guarantee that when you find my review, or anyones, it will talking about exactly the shoe you're looking at.I got a reasonable price, super fast shipping, and a great shoe.", "I run three to four times a week 3-8 miles each time. My last pair of shoes was the vomero 6. I will be shopping for another pair of those. The toe box has more room and this dual fusion shoe is much more narrow.", "My husband ordered this sneaker for me and it arrived faster than expected. It's such a beautiful and comfortable sneaker. I have the black and pink ones, they are so nice. I love, love , love this sneaker!", "When I opened the box the bright color of the grey did not made good with the bright pink color, but I need a sneakers so badly they would not waste time to return, but not so happy about this one.", "Bought these for walking and really love them. We walk a lot up to four miles and my feet love them.", "I generally run 3-4 miles a day, 5 xs per week.  This sneaker is beautiful, however, is narrow in the toes, causing blisters in-between my toes.", "Really great shoes beautiful color and very comfortable.. Very impressed with the delivery time. Great job USPO keep up the great work.", "These shoes are very comfortable.  I love them and recommend them to anyone.  The arch support is just right and the color is nice.", "Very nice, I like pink/black.  I wore them once or twice, but I felt them a little big.  I ended up giving them to my mom.  Nevertheless I do recommended them.", "I have several different styles and colors of Nike's. The dial fusion are my all purpose favorites. They have great support,hold up well, are cute and a great everyday shoe.I have purchased them from several Amazon vendors. This vendor was great. I bought two pair and they came right on time.", "There are many great things about Nike shoes, including all the different sizes, shapes, colors, and design options they have.  I love Nike for mainly one simple reason: they have shoes that fit all different types of feet. My mom has wide feet, and mine are crazy narrow; we can still both wear Nike.  There are so many designs!  You can choose anything from plain with just the Nike symbol or some crazy design like the cookie monster; they have almost any design you can imagine on a shoe.  Another really amazing thing is that Nike shoes are durable, flexible, very comfortable and they last for years if you treat them right.", "muy bonitos los zapatos, se ve que son de mu buena calidad, el color es muy lindo, el vendedor puntual, responsables. lo recomiendo. saludos desde venezuela", "These are the most comfortable sneakers I have every worn. The inside padding and sturdy structure makes walking easy, in spite of my flat feet. Also, they are deep enough for me to insert my portable arch supports.", "I buy this for my sister,she loves it!!!!.The black and pink colors looks very nice,the pics dont make justice.Good quality,excellent cushioning and padding.Every morning running whit this.Great shoes for training or casual use.", "I tried them out once and had to send them back. I could feel every little pebble under my sole - very cool colors, but unfortunately NOT &#34;cushy&#34; enough for this runner!", "Like many others I ordered these a 1/2 size bigger than I usually do.  Shipping was fast and only took a few days. When I first got them I was a little fearful that they would be too big but with socks they are a prefect fit, lots of room in the toe area so prefect if u have wide feet but isn't a problem if u have narrow feet like me. the soles of these shoes are a lot thicker than I'm use too but I think that just adds in the comfort of these well padded and high arched running shoes.  My mom also likes them and I'll probably be ordering another pair just for her so mine don't go missing :P  Would defiantly get again.", "exelente articulo llego rapido y el proveedor confiable al momento de la transaccion lo recomiendo, confiable, responzable, lo recomiendo 100 por ciento", "The product is of good quality.  We ' ve a problems with te size but are easy  of cahnge with friends or a future sale", "Good Shoe and Not Badly Priced and Feels Good to The feet with enough cushion and support for a runner", "I am very pleased with this shoe...the shipping process is another story....the shoe made up for the frustration I felt regarding the time it took to get it! :)", "I have this in black-silver-berry metalic, and now this color.  Have had the original pair for well over a year, and still am wearing it almost daily.  Very comfortable and stylish.", "Great fit, comfy... Good for work, able to be on my feet for duration of my work day.. Highly recommend.....", "I am not using for running but great all- around shoes.  They mesh is very breathable... which is great but whenit's cold out there is little insulation or protection from the cold.", "The Nike Dual Fusion is perfect support and comfort for being on your feet for more than12-14 hours. Awesome shoe!!!", "I Returned the product. The &#34;sole&#34; feature made my feet actually hurt. Suggest trying them on first, if you can.", "I was looking for this  running sneaker locally...but they never had my size...happy with the fit and color...very comfortable..in fact I should buy an extra pair", "I feel good to wear it. And my boyfriend bought one in the same style. We all like it very much.", "These shoes  are super comfortable, roomy in the toes and cup the heels nicelyare.  The shoes are lightweight and perform as advertised", "I am Full pleased with my nike dual fusion run wmns running shoes. Love them. thank you very much they're lovely", "Just a nice shoe! Beautiful and comfortable! Great traction! It is good for trekking or country, and running in the city!", "It wasn't what I expected it would be.  Besides it is too small and I could not return it. Though, I will recommend it to friends and family because of the quality.", "These are the most supportive, most comfortable shoes I have ever worn. They walk, run, bike, and Zumba. The inner \"grid\" tightening system gives me all the arch support I need for a high arch. If I can ever find them again, I'll be buying multiples for when they wear out.", "I have tried many brands of running shoes.  And spent hundreds of dollars.  These shoes are the best I have had.  Every runner needs something different but these work great for me.Run a little small.  I usually wear an 8 in running shoes.  Needed an 8.5", "I love neons and these shoes are amazing!! They fit just like all my other Nike's do and they are super comfy!", "My wife was very happy with these . It is the perfect mix of fashion and performance .I Highly recommend.", "Really nice pair of shoes. They fit really well on my feet. I ordered a size bigger and it is ok for me. They feel really comfortable and look good. What I don't like is that they are supposed to be running shoes and I feel they slip a bit on wet floors :/ I have to be careful.", "I love my new shoes! They're very comfortable & stylish! Shipping was fast :) Will buy again & I would recommend to all my friends!", "Love the fit of these. I have them in several colors. Lightweight. Comfy and stylish. Good support. Couldn't find the pink/berry color in the store, was happy to find it online.", "I Love the shoes but the color isn't what I expected. I was thinking Crimson was red and these shoes are bright orange so they don't match with too many of my outfits", "The last athletic shoes I had purchased was a pair of New Balance...10 years ago. Needless to say, I'm not a avid runner, but I do jog occasionally and walk often. I was amazed when I first worked out in these shoes. They fit true-to-size, are very lightweight and provide an amazing amount of support. Because they are so lightweight, it's not only easier to work out, but it's also a much more pleasant experience. I have no more ankle or foot pain. I guess shoe technology has advanced quite a bit in ten years! In addition, they are durable. I thought I had scuffed them a few times on my concrete steps outside, but they still look brand new. As a plus, they're very attractive and feminine, with a pink and black leopard print underneath the black mesh on the side (it's subtle). Overall, it's a great shoe that's as attractive as it is functional.", "Everyone asks me where I purchased these and cannot believe it's an amazon order. They are comfy and I have wide feet. They are well worth the price paid and looks great, Great value!", "Excelentes zapatos! de muy buena calidad, super bonitos, comodos, a la moda. Estoy fascinada con el producto y el color es lo maximo!!!", "I loved the shoes but had to send them back because they run 1/2 size smaller than what I am wearing now.", "The shoe was beautiful and arrived earlier than expected. However, I have been running for over 5 years and would not recommend this shoe. Its support was off, and after 2 miles I felt pain on places I have never felt before. And since I wore them once, I couldn't return them. I gave three stars though because this situation might be unique to me, but I am warning people who are looking for a good running shoe... This is not one.", "Thank you so much for my blue nike shoes.  They are absolutely beautiful.  I have never seen this color blue on ANY shoes I have ever seen.  I have gotten many compliments on my blue nike shoes.  Thanks", "Excelent Shoes!This product are confortables, have great weight and look very pretty.I recommend this shoes for exercise and walking", "I love the shoe, however, I should have gotten a 1/2 size smaller.  I will keep them, because they are very comfortable.", "Wonderful, beautiful and confortable shoes. All people's looks go to my feet. The color combination is perfect and when you wear them, you feel your feet as you are wearing gloves.", "Hermoso zapato conforme a lo esperado, la marca Nike, es muy buena. La orma del zapato es u peco peque&ntilde;a, mas o menos un n&uacute;mero menos, recomiendo considerar la dimensi&oacute;n en cm antes de comprar", "I love the raspberry pink color it is very vibrant, I've received many compliments on them because of the color. With that said, these are very comfortable, very cushioned. I've used them for my kick boxing and my sculpting class and they support my ankles and are great sneakers!", "I love these shoes they stand out so much but I've had so many compliments on them that they love the color. If you love bright colors you will love these", "I love these shoes! I love them so much, I have three different colored pairs of them! They are really comfortable. Because of the mesh, there is a minimal breaking in period.", "These shoes are wonderful they are wide enought for me also. i also get a 9.5 in exercise shoes and they fit perfect. I also got the gray ones.", "These shoes are not only attractive, but comfortable. I've never done a lot of physical activity before, so I didn't have good shoes for it. When I started college, I started walking everywhere. I walk about 4 miles a day. I loved all my Chucks, but they weren't very good for walking a lot. I'd end up with blisters on my feet. So I decided to get these, because they were inexpensive and I loved the colors. They are also very breezy so your feet don't feel smothered. They also arrived three days before the estimated delivery. I'm more than satisfied with this purchase.", "I can not give an opinion of this product because I never came. something happened during the transfer of product, the company claims that transport the suitcase was broken", "Buena calidad del producto lo q esperaba seriedad recomiendo para que todos compren este tipo de productos para regalar en", "Nice color and feels so soft, I been using every day with no problem, nice I will buy again, cute.", "These shoes are great!  Fit perfectly & are so comfortable.  Wish I would had purchased 2 pairs.  Now I can't find them anywhere :(", "Very comfortable and they are a really nice running sneaker. They are simple looking are very light. Awesome price and love the look.", "I use these primarily for running both Urban and Rural Terrain. They have held up well so far, and have very good grips which is mostly what I was looking for in a shoe. The soles are strong enough to allow for tight turning and good agility based movements such as in Ultimate Frisbee (which is what I like to use them for).When I first wore them, there was a sharp piece of plastic in the heel of one of the shoes that caused cutting and nearly bleeding on one heel after only a few hours of use. I was tempted to send them back immediately but waited until I had broken them in more. The plastic is now more shaped to my foot and does not cause discomfort.This is the first pair of Nike shoes I have ever purchased (normally I purchase Asics, and Newbalance). They run about a half-size smaller than the universal foot measurement system says. I Measured my foot using the apparatus from the shoe store, and purchased accordingly, however, unlike my usual 10 1/2's I buy from Asics and Newbalance, I should have purchased an 11. Other than being slightly too tight. These shoes are a good buy.  I got them on sale for $40.", "Great deal, good durability for the price. Would buy again. These are my second pair of Nike Trail Running shoes and I love them.", "Got this pair at Marshalls for half price and I love them. Fits perfectly, a little bit slimmer on the wide but true to the size. Would recommend", "Was looking for this shoe for awhile. Shoe is exactly what I wanted. Fits great and really liked the color.Color is a dark navy.", "Fast shipping, great and original product.Shoes are really nice and comfortable, I like them a lot I will buy again from this vendor.", "I just want to say Thank you very much for relatively quick shipment service.And I got the really NEW zoom kobe 7, meant no one ever tried. (Could be yes but the product is the best.)Thank you!", "My husband loves these shoe so much that you can't even stand to close to him when he's wearing them.", "the greatest shoes the black mamba is a great option the best one :) so then try it and enjoy it good stars for this seller", "Great shoes for playing basketball in. I would recommend wearing thick socks as you get blisters in the side of your foot. I wore a thin pair of running sucks while playing and the blisters were killing me! Other than that, it looks really good! I get a lot of compliments.", "Good basketball shoesPros:Fits perfect, can be used on play and on streets... Looks really nice and are too much comfortables.Cons:Maybe with some other colors than yellow will be great", "these shoes are the worst purchase i have made on amazon to date. they are far too heavy and i rolled my ankles in them twice. terrible shoes: dont buy", "Seller have false detail in description. He said the shoe was brand knew and the insoles we're never worn. When the product came, the shoe had paint chips on the sides as if it was worn outside. The insoles were no doubt worn and the shoe absolutely did not look brand new", "I'm used to wearing skate shoes, so my feet have become flat over the years. When I first wore these Nike Shox, i thought there was something wrong with them, because my feet felt like they were being pushed up in wrong places, but within a few days my foot formed to the shoe and over time has actually benefited me greatly.I walk with more precision, and I know it sounds silly, but it almost feels like I have a more planted foot with every step I take.Running in these shoes are AMAZING, oh man what a difference between skate shoes and these. I feel like running sometimes just because these shoes absorb impact so freaking well.I even ride my longboard better in these shoes believe it or not, probably because I am more planted and my center of gravity is directed more efficiently on my foot, even with only one foot on the board.I've had them for several months now, and I wear them to work every day (M-F).I had to get Dr. Scholls insoles for my skate shoes because they are just too darn flat now.The shoes start to squeak the dustier/drier they get, but I've read that a some lotion or moisturizer would help fix that, have yet to try it.", "Extremely happy with this purchase! Bought this for my best friend who fell on hard times, and he has always wanted a pair. Shipping was fast and item was perfect. Thank you!!!", "I love this shoes, It's nice and I going to use every time because is confortable and look good for me.", "This showed up at my door faster than the items I ordered direct from Amazon!  Ordered these for my husband and he loves them!  They were comfy and quite attractive!  Not a running shoe by any means but a great looking everyday shoe for sure!", "This running shoe fits true to size and is extremely comfortable.  Color scheme is pretty nice as well.  Good product.", "I bought these last Christmas for my boyfriend and he loves them. He wears a size 9 and the he said they fit great, a little narrow; but not too bad he said. Shipping was okay, got here a little later than I wanted, but no big deal.", "all very good I would just like to comment that the package would be fair to the product box as the packaging is a lot bigger than the rest of the product no complaints what I expected because I hope to take into consideration what the packaging", "My husband bought them and he seems to really enjoy them. It took him awhile to find yhe shoes he wanted but he finally did.", "this shoe is great! comfy, lightweight, and looks great. got this shoe just for bboying. i recommend this shoe for everyone!", "Really like these shoes, exactly as pictured and exactly what I wanted. Nice retro look, comfortable, no complaints or regrets", "Great combination of 21st century technology and 1980's classic look. Extremely light weight, with good arch support and cushioned Nike Air. Fantastic look and clean design makes this a must have for Nike retro enthusiasts!", "These Nikes are very light and incredibly comfortable from the first use. Feels true to size and width. The &#34;Retro&#34; look is also awesome. They also have great ventilation. All in all a great shoe.", "This is exactly what my husband needed for the snow. It keeps his feet warm and dry while still looking sleek.  Great customer service from this company as well!", "run small please be aware of this before buying but its a great shade of navy blue better then most of the bright blue boots on the market", "Product was smaller than your actual foot size. order one size bigger if you will order. They are not as insulated as i thought. they are meant for snow but do not keep your feet warm.", "I really like this style boot, if you can find me a size 13 in the same boot please let me know, thank you. James Cameron", "I did not buy these but I did try them on in a store. They run one full size too small and are a tough narrow. I normally wear a 10M in Nikes, and it was a shock to me as I tried on a 10, and then a 10.5, and then an 11. I would have gotten them if not for the narrowness issue", "Shipped on time and very comfortable, light weight boots for all weather. Will buy another pair in a different color.", "what else can you say, it is nike after all, good running shoes but just a littler heavy than my last Shox but overall it is a really nice shoes", "The were for my son for Christmas. He says they fit, have a good arch support, and are comfortable. Likes the color combination too.", "He LOVED them! I would have never been able to find something like these locally!  Fast service & very happy with our purchase", "NIKE shoes all fit me the same so size was easy. I love the shoes but when I went to buy an other pair the price soared. Not fair Amazon", "MY HUSBAND IS SO SATISFIED WITH THIS SHOE! GO AHEAD AND GET IT!THE SELLER ALSO LIVED UP TO MY EXPECTATIONS SO THAT WAS A DOUBLE PLUS! YOU REALLY CANNOT BEAT AN EXCELLENT FIT AS WELL...", "I was skeptical about buying sneakers that I didn't try on, but I went for these because of the way they looked.  They fit perfectly and look great.  I get compliments all the time.  Also, when they get dirty, they are easy to clean and they look like new with just a little water and a paper towel.", "Fit wonderfully.  Great support where I need it - arch and at the balls of my feet.  (I have a pinched nerve in my left foot - old running injury - and these helped relieve that pressure.  They look great.  I had hoped to find ones a little more neutral but couldn't at a somewhat *reasonable* price.  Shox are one of the few shoes I have found that I can stand in all day and won't be dying by the end, so I put up with the prices to a degree.", "I've had this shoes for about 6 months now and a couple of things to note:--This is a tight-fit and thank-you to the review I read that mentioned this because I bought a 9 to compensate and it fits like a dream.  Over the months I've starting wearing them in and they get more and more comfortable as I go.--Originally, the tongue of the shoe, with how straight and stiff it is, was digging into the front of my ankle and causing a sore.  I actually thought I was going to have to cut it.  I decided against this though as the shoe is just too pretty to be altered with scissors, and I'm glad I didn't, because it doesn't present this problem anymore.I am [still] pumped about these shoes!  They are very sharp looking and I am definitely happy with the purchase.  Shox are so hard to find these days, especially the Delivers, which is why I ultimately settled on these.", "This is my second pair of Shox.  I received so many compliments on my old pair, I had to replace them with another.  I had my old pair for years, so my new ones are bound to last for years more.", "The title just about says it all. The shoes are very nice looking but they are narrow and fit very tight. I went to a shoe store and tried a size bigger and they were longer but still narrow and tight so I will stick with my original size. There is not much room for wiggling toes. These are not available in wide sizes. If comfort is important to you I might recommend looking elsewhere. If comfort is not an issue and you just want cool looking shoes, these are definitely pretty.", "Tighter than I the usual size 12. All my shoes are size 12 but this particular shoe comes short. Don't understand why", "My son walks everywhere and I wanted sneakers that would give him support as well as look good on his feet.....I wasn't disappointed.", "I bought this shoe for my daughter that plays competitive volleyball.  She needed a light indoor shoe that handled quick turns, stopping well and  also light for jumping.  This shoe really met her needs.The shoe is stiff and required some break in time.", "these have some kind of wire mesh that is made to let your feet breathe easier but it just rips way to easy, not even the part that is sewn to the other fabric, whatever materiel it is just rips in half", "This is my third pair of shoes this design, and i don't change them for another brand, they are comfortable, have good grip and it lasts long. They arrived in time, well packed and such which as I asked them.", "i liked them!", "My middle school son (a big kid) needed good solid running shoes for PE class in school and these were perfect. They have held up well and look like new.", "Completely satisfied my large feet.  Will purchase in future .  I hope the price is right when the next one comes around.", "Men dart sneakers #10 is great fits well and is very comfortable and light just what i wanted.What u see is what u get i viewed it i bought it and I'm a satisfied customer.Thank you for honesty of sales looking forward for more purchases.", "ordered width size 4E and in comparison to my other shoes(which are the same width size) they feel tight .", "I always wear nike the color contrast really caught my eye,but trying them on and walking a bit in them.really sold the shoe. Had them for a week now and never take them off.", "My boyfriend loved it, it's simple and casual to wear daily and very comfortable he says. Wears it everywhere :)", "Nike is a very expensive manufacturer, but within their price range these are the best.They are beautiful, they are comfortable, well made and are durable.", "Estos zapatos ofre", "I am always looking for running shoes that look understated rather then ostentatious, so when I saw these in black I figured they were perfect. My not likeing the tread is my bad, admitedly, and they were plenty comfortable to run in. The problem is that while my previous shoes (Asics and New Balances) would reach 400 miles and look a little dusty, and I only replace them because its good practice (They still felt fine and looked in good shape, but why risk , you know?), I noticed bits of mesh busting out, and the toe of my left shoe peeling off at around 100 miles with the Nike Dart 10. Maybe Its a fluke or I'm unlucky, but my experience was sub par, so take that as a data point. Personally, I'm going back to Asics.", "if you want to walk its great for thati go sometimes on runs and doesnt perform that well but overall an okay shoe", "I love these shoes.  My first running shoes, actually.  No obnoxious colors (which is rare for these types), and extremely comfy.  When I first tried them on I was inclined to actually go for a jog.  That's a bloody miracle right there.Anyway, the only problem I had with them is the heels wore out a bit (back of the shoe support), and there's slight rips in the side mesh (not a problem, unless it's raining).  I don't think I had these shoes long enough to justify that kind of damage, and I would expect more from a company like Nike.  I guess I should expect that for the price, and though I'm tempted to get another pair I might just hold off for something else.", "These shoes look great and are very comfortable. For the price they are a great pair of athletic running shoes.", "These are really light and I don't really even notice the shoes while running.  I like this shoes so much that I wear them throughout the day now.", "I really like the look of my new shoes, they fit perfectly on my feet. I enjoy running in this shoes", "ran in these and they made me crash. also the stitching on the inside of these bad boys right infront of the swoosh. its the thin mesh on both shoes. get a pair of sacony there better and girls will try to touch you then", "Great value for a mid priced running shoe-durable-not as much cushion as my more expensive running shoes Good for low mileage runs", "The transaction through Amazon was very positive but the shoes were a little tight around both arches. By the time I tried them it was too late to return.", "Quality, fit, color, delivery...everything about them is perfect.  I love the color...not too outrageous with pants on, but still fun and stylish.  Great sneaks...fits as expected.", "This shoe replaced the Nike Dart 9 and I have to say that it is definitely an improvement in style and comfort, highly recommended.", "The shoes fit well and are exactly as described. They arrived quickly and were well packages. Overall a terrific experience through Amazon.", "Perfect!!Exactly what I was waiting for!!I use this for boxing trainingThe color is perfect and look great!", "My son really love the shoe most because of the colors but he mention they were comfy too,they got here faster the i expected which it was great,we did order half of size bigger so he could have some room as Nike does runs a little small.", "I like these sneakers, they are comfortable and fit well. If you are looking for a pair of sneakers for every day use, get these.", "I made the right choice.", "As the title says, I like the appearance of these shoes. I knocked it down 1 star because of the upkeep needed to keep that white base clean. I suppose that's inevitable, though. I think these could be termed vanity shoes for older guys like me. Next time, though, I'll get a black base...maybe shiny, though. :-)", "Shoes were as expected except for a 4E shoe they are very tight on the sees of the ball of my foot", "Super comfortable.  I'm a bartender and I'm on my get for ten hours a day.  Usually my feet would be barking by midnight, not with these sneakers.", "My son is an avid runner. After trying on the shoe Christmas morning, he said, &#34;I love it...thanks Mom!&#34; I asked him if it was a good shoe for running and his assessment was, &#34;No because its too heavy, but I still like it. I can wear it when I'm not running...like when I go to my friends' houses and stuff like that, so I still really like it.&#34;He has been wearing it every day when he isn't running, so I know he likes the shoe. However, he doesn't seem to recommend it for running because he says the shoe is too heavy for running.", "will use again in the futher we love the shoes they arrive early but that was good they was for my husband work shoes for work so he loves them. thanks for a great product they are real nice and they do look like the picture. thanks again.", "I usually wear size 8.5 dress shoes (Dockers, Kenneth Cole, Bostonian) and they're perfect.  I purchased size 8.5 for running and my feet feel VERY tight in these shoes.  unfortunately, the window of time I was able to return them as passed (missed it by a few days!) and so i'm stuck with them.", "the size was supposed to be a 4E  wide , no way it  could be, I bought a similar pair Nike Pegasus 29 at an  outlet storethat fit perfect, never will buy shoes online again, its a shame,, it is a nice shoe, the chinese just cant get sizes correct", "This was a gift for my son.  He is happy with the fit.  Would purchase again, this was a good buy.", "Great fit and fairly comfortable.  I run about 10 miles a week, not to much, but the shoes are holding up well for now and are fairly breathable, so my feet stay dry.", "i love it", "Yeah. I suppose it's just bad luck! When i came home there was a little hole on my left shoe, some stitches had ripped somehow. And i was just walking around with my girlfriend. That's why i'm giving it 3 stars. Even with this factory issue, i'm pretty happy because these are pretty comfortable shoes. Lightweight, and fit so good! They do your feet a favor. Until now, they're doing really good on running days and on every kind of terrain.Hope you don't get a factory defective one, because it's a great shoe!", "The shoes seem like great shoes but even at 4E they aren't wide enough for my feet. Too bad :/", "I've started to get back into running and I needed some good running shoes. These shoes fit the role perfectly. Surprisingly a good value in terms of price and quality. They feel very lightweight, comfortable, and offer plenty enough ventilation for when my feet start swelling a bit after a workout. It really came down to some ACISC models and these Nike Darts, but based on the amount of positive reviews, this is what I chose and I'm glad I did.", "These are the best gym and running shoes I have ever purchased over the past five years.They are light, fit like a glove, and have very good cushioning.", "I have wide feet and they fit very well. Glad I looked on Amazon to buy some shoes . Prize was good also.", "Nike is a very expensive manufacturer, but within their price range these are the best.They are beautiful, they are comfortable, well made and are durable.", "Grandson is a growing 14 year old and these fit the bill perfectly. He enjoys them and wears them to school and P.E. daily.", "A very comfortable fit and feel for the price on the shoes. Ideal for daily use as well as running without having to burn a hole through your wallet.", "I'm a bit new to ordering new shoes online but I have to say this was a very good experience. The shoe was the perfect size when it cam and the comfort level for my foot is beautiful. Overall, fantastic shoe, I would definitely reccomend it for anyone for everday wear, running, etc...", "These were a replacement for some older Nikes and these were perfect.  They fit great and are very comfortable.  The item was also shipped in a timely matter.", "The size is accurate. They fits my feet very well. Will buy again. Will change to a lighter color next time.", "The last time I bought this shoe it fit without feeling snug! This time they feel a little bit small,seemed too narrow. I don't know why? I know it was the same shoe; all the information on the box from the last pair I purchased was the same. The last pair seemed wider, I don't feel as though these shoes are a true size 9. As it was my first time on Amazon I was sketchy about this very problem! (Not being able to try a shoe on)! A big part of the buying process is trying the shoe on! The price was right but the fit was not!", "These fit well and were the right price, however I've noticed that the sole is very slippery when wet. I am hoping that this will get better over time, but as of now I've almost slipped on wet concrete several times.", "Bought these for training for a half marathon.  Didn't actually run the race but these shoes were great at preventing shinsplints cause for me by should with less support.", "Nice lightweight shoe, however as a everyday shoe it started to break down after 3 months. Problem was in the netting material, netting ripped on both sides, another 3 months my toes ripped the top netting.", "They are very comfortable and their design are cool. I really recommend this Shoes. I am very sure that I will be a other pair very soon.", "My purchases, Nike Men's NIKE DART 10 RUNNING SHOES  arrived perfectily, and fit as expected. the arrival time to me was OK", "These shoes are comfortable and make for good use, however, 3 months is too long to hold on to these and use them. If you don't use them for running, then they may last you longer. I have a pair of cascadia 7 (I also use for hiking) w/ different insoles placed in them during same period of purchase and for twice the price of the nike's dart has lasted much longer even with the usage it has gone through.", "I just wore out a pair of Nike shoes I got last year for $100. These shoes are the same quality and nearly half as cheap. I'd say they're a little on the small size but I can just loosen up the laces.These shoes are a fantastic deal and the black pair go great with almost any pants, jeans, cargo, shorts, etc.", "Excelente producto, los tenis NIke siempre me ha parecido de muy buena calidad tambien que el servicio del vendedor fue exelente.", "These shoes are comfortable. Just what I expected. Glad I found them. Keeps my feet feeling great. I can wear them all I day.", "These are for the son and they fit perfect on his feet.  He already had some so these are a size bigger.", "Great shoe at a good price! Order a wide pair unless your feet are really narrow! Unfortunately had to return- thanks for free returns:)", "Shoe was cut too small. Squeezes the life out of my feet. But I didnt feel like returning and all the annoying return processing. I dont have the patience, oh well. I will not be purchasing again. Waste of time & money!", "I have to say best running and walking shoe I ever bought from Nike, it about time Nike came out with something dualable and something that will last long time, also so comfortable too.", "I wear these 3-4 times a week to work out and run.  They fit comfortably and seem to be holding up well.  I've had them for about 3 months so not too long, but I've been very happy with them thus far.", "They are about 1/2 a number smaller compared to my old brand. Also the sole is coming unglued at the front of the shoe,where the sole and upper part of the shoe connect. I didn't notice it until I had wore them to the gym or else I would have sent them back. Not happy with this particular item from Nike.", "I use it for go out with my friends and go to University, This color combines with all types of clothes. They look durable and they are durable! Excellent for use it every day.I love it!", "Got these for my son to wear at his running class in college.  He liked them!I am so glad I picked the right size.", "I really enjoy the look and feel of these shoes. I am not much of a runner but so far they have been everything I want. They also work very well as casual shoes because of their simple and clean look. I would suggest these to anyone who is looking for a nicely priced gym or light running shoe. They may be a bit too bulky for anything more than a 5k. I am not into all the colors and styles these days so the best part for me is just the simplicity of the design.", "perfectly tailored, fully met my expectations, comfortable and pleasant. the material is great, besides being quite flexible, they are also lightweight, thank you very much", "They fit me well, size 12D is a medium width. I prefer the plain black and white color to the bright stuff these days, wild stuff for an old guy.", "Love these shoes there comfortable and when i run or ride my bike i feel breeze hit my toes they keep my feet cool  i love it. When these wear down im going to buy another pair", "I actually worked out in these shoes the first time I put them on and they fit perfectly. Usually I have to break shoes in before running in them but these were good from day one", "comfortable, light, and have a nice stylish look to them..  everything as expected from Nike,  and at such a reasonable price.", "The fit was perfect, and felt totally comfortable. I won two table tennis tournament events wearing them, so they served my purpose well. I did get replacement shoestrings, though, as the 45&#34; round shoestrings kept coming untied. When I replaced them with 54&#34; black flat shoestrings, I had enough length that I could double tie them and then they were perfect. I would certainly recommend these shoes other than that.", "I was looking for some lightweight running/walking shoes and I thought these would fit the bill at a really good price.  I found that these fit a little tight, so I'm trying to break them in a little at a time.  They also crease on the sides when I walk on the treadmill, indicating a not so great fit.  I figure I'll get use to them as they break in.  Its not worth the shipping costs to return them and get a larger size as the new pair will likely be a little too big (that has been my experience in the past).", "Awesome delivery time. Shoes are great, there are a few small defects, and inside the left shoe there is a sewing d3fect that cause it to hurt the top of my foot. It will wear down in time.Overal great product and great fit.", "This product was excellent, is made of good material and are very comfortable, it is just what I needed, thanks", "I only buy one or two pairs of shoes every year or so. I take pretty good care of each pair so they last me a while. I've taken up running and my old shoes just weren't cutting it so I bought these. The price was great (under $60), they fit perfectly, and they have hardly worn down at all. Reliable, comfortable, slick. They're pretty great.", "This pair of shoes are very comfortable. As excellent as I expected. Has all the qualities walking shoes should have. Delivery speed is prompt.", "Very comfortable and good build material good for work if you have a lot of time standing i recomand it", "The shoes fit great! I am a runner so I was hesitant to buy shoes online. Hesitation was a ridicules these were perfect! Great cost, great delivery time, Great running!!!", "Shoe fits true to size - it is nice and wideVery light but not as much support as I would liketried it as a replacement for Air Pegasus 27 but is more like the 28 model - which also very light but lacking support", "I BOUGHT THESE SHOES FOR MY SON, HE LIKED IT'S COLOR. IT'S EXACTLY HOW IT LOOKS. PERFECT FOR RUNNING. I RECOMMEND IT.", "We've bought this sneaker before and it took about a year for the black part of the sole of the shoe to separate from the white.  This time it took about 6 weeks.  Question whether this was truly a nike product?  Had to use Shoe Goo 3 times and the shoes are less than 4 months old.  Would have returned them but the return date had expired just prior to my attempt.", "excellent as you would expect from Nike, and Amazon online purchase.Thank you", "I wear these colors a lot so it was great to find them for such a great price lucky me", "designcomoidad although his was not the color requestedI like everythingit serves him right", "BUEN PRODUCTO", "Loved itlook even better than they do on picturesso comfortable, and the mesh transparency makes it look so great and r so fresh with the proper socks u feel like u didn't sweated at all", "These are not the top of the line shoes but they look great and feel good. They are lite weight and comfortable. I would buy them again", "Perfect fit and good quality for the price. The color is also good. Product very much same as in the picture.", "Light weight, but not sturdy. The grip is good. Fits perfect. Not good enough to buy as brand new, not bad enough to return either. Somewhere in the middle.My recommendation for new buyers is to pick up the old shoe you have that works best for you. Then order the same brand and size. This is especially help for buyers needing wide width shoes, as they are hardly on sale and so hard to find.", "love the shoes, but the wrong size was sent  :(  my husband wears them though. nice looking shoe and supportive for coaching.", "These shoes are very comfortable. I wear them to the gym every day. I am a very satisfied customer. I highly recommend this product.", "Bought for my son & he said even more comfortable than his more expensive shoes.  We were very satisfied with our choice.", "This shoe is miles better than the shoes I was wearing. It was snug at first, so I had to wear them around the house for a couple hours to break them in. The only complaint I would have is that these shoes are well insulated and my feet got hot quickly. I would suggest wearing socks that are of a light fabric.", "I ordered a size 10.5. I know that different makes and models of shoes, sometimes shoe size can fluctuate between feet. Sometimes I wear a 10.5, sometimes a 10. I chose 10.5 knowing I might have to return it.Instead, I got a size 11 and they were without a doubt, too big.", "I was very happy with the purchase of my Nike's Dart Running Shoes. They were delivered 4 days prior to the expected delivery date, and fit just right! And the price was right in line with what I expected to pay. Overall I am a very pleased customer.", "Fit like a glove", "This shoes is too back and the sole it a bit too white  so I returned it .It looks too simple .Was expecting  something  better.", "I love the look of the shoe but I feel a pull in my arch uder my feet while just walking in this shoe. It has no arch support. If I'm to wear it, I will have to find some insole to support my arch in my feets. It was a purchase mistake for me.", "Fit as expected. I just wish they made a more impact durable shoe. these are very lightweight and thin, as expected. I just wish running shoes in general had a little more protection.", "Fits as expected, pretty comfortable. The price was right. I like Nike's Dart 9 better. I just use these for walk around shoes.", "Very light comfortable and affordable. Perfect fit. These shoes are great for running and walking. I run 2-3 times a week, and I haven't had a problem with them (so far).", "Hard to find size for my son. I searched for a long time in stores and online! Worked out great!", "Fit perfect. Bought them as a present for my husband and he really likes them, won't take them off. Look great too.", "These shoes fit great and are very comfortable.  I have a bad lower back (had back surgery) and need quality footwear to minimize my back discomfort.  These work great.", "i choose this rating because it is really strong light weight and my husband loves it , a next good one is the nike dart 9 last him 2 years with every day use, great shoes!", "These shoes are durable in all types of weather. I give them four-stars because one of my pairs ripped on a hiking trip, and I had to buy another pair. However, I started wearing hiking boots after that. I definitely recommend the Nike Dart 10 shoes!", "good product looks original not the tips of both shoes took off too fast and buy just about asisc are the same as when I bought the first day but this shoddy nike", "cheap, good quality,fast delivery. I'm really glad I had ordered this shoe!It looks even better than the picture which is rare in on-line shopping!probably the best sports shoes you can buy for 50$!", "Bought this for my cousin as a gift, he loves it.  Says it fits perfectly and looks great on his feet", "Fit nice, very comfortable. Sizes are perfect not too big or small. They look cool and my son loves them.", "Perfect", "It,s okay but could be cheaper. I suggest you to make a prequalified score that suggest the quality of the product.", "I use nike shoes for about twenty years and I have never been disappointed, this model is comfortable and lightweight, satisfied with my purchase.", "Got these shoes after a lot of research. One thing the research revealed was that it would be best to get +1 size from Nike than your usual shoe size and that really is true. If I had got my usual shoe size, I would have had to return and wait for the bigger size.+1 size fits perfectly. It's somewhat narrower than most shoes I have owned but it just gives a snug fit without any discomfort.I walk/jog about 5 miles a day and also walk every day to office and back, about 2 miles each way. I have not had any problems with these shoes during that time.Have to wait and see how durable these are :)", "Fits well and the shoe is very lightweight and breaths well. My husband wears them and loves them because he feet don't get over heated in them.", "but once I got used to the tightish fit iloved it, very comfortable, feels like you have a bounce to your step and was easy on my feet when I go on runs, I would recommend these shoes, stylish and comfortable.", "These shoes are a bit bulky and large in size but they are pretty comfortable. I'd call them a nice shoe to walk in but not very ideal to run or workout in.", "These were bought for my Grandson who is 17. He really likes them. He says they are very very comfortable.", "Pretty good shows, just what I was looking for. Good to walk, comfortable to use and also nice looking. Recommend", "there wasn't an option for wide so the shoe is slightly tight on my boyfriend's foot, its a bummer, but he still likes the shoe.", "Can't go wrong with Nike shoes.  Good fit and lots of sizes to choose from. I had Nike Dart 9 shoes before. They lasted 3 years of heavy use", "The back of the shoe get dirty really quickly and it's hard to get clean. I had to soak in Shout!", "I actually bought these for myself because I had a hard time finding tennis shoes for women that didn't have pink or purple all over them. These are great. The sizing info made it easy to figure out the men's equivalent to my shoe size. They fit perfectly. They look exactly the same as they were pictured. Shipping was even early. I'm incredibly happy with my new shoes.", "Are a 2013 Christmas gift not opened yet; from what I can see they are nicely made, great color and sporty looking", "I love these sneakers,  fit great , very comfortable.. they are tight in the ankle area but only because I haven't broke them in yet..I recommend. It came nicely packed and on time.", "Conservative styling ,perfect fit! Since I needed a 4E width shoe, I have not been able to find a pair that fit until NOW! Great fit and comfortable!", "Buying shoes online is always risky. I have always preferred Nike over the years as most of the Nike models fit my feet perfectly. There's no Nike store near to where I live so I had to order online.The fit for me with these shoes is somewhat tighter than I expected, but since I use them while running or in a gym, I guess its worth it.The only drawback is that the laces are really short in length.", "They are a bit narrow and were snug on the first few runs.  The top of the shoes seem to hinge right at the toes and dig in instead of flex in an arch.  Painful.  Laces don't slide well so you get an uneven tightening.", "The shoes were for my son for Christmas , and he loves them, fits perfect and they arrived on time. nice and light weight also.", "My husband usually wears a size 13 but I picked up a pair at Ross in size 14 and fit great. So I found this style on Amazon and picked up another pair and they fit as good as the first pair.", "This is a really comfortable shoe great for walking and running. Has really good arch support. I do recommend this shoe.", "I bought these to wear during the day. After about a month, things started to go downhill. My heels and arches feel like steel spikes are being pounded into them by Noon. I don't think I've ever worn a more uncomfortable pair of shoes in my entire life. I have to go back to my crumbling old Nikes just for relief. Would never buy these again. Warranty was over for returns so I ended up getting sneakers by Brooks. Absolute relief. How anyone could possibly run in these is a mystery. I can't even walk in them and they fit perfectly. Even tried Dr. Scholl's sneaker inserts to no avail. These shoes were hell-bent on destroying my feet. In this case, you get what you pay for. Cheap material, cheap soles, plopped on top of cheap rubber.Shame on Nike.", "Nothing can prepare you for purchasing a pair of shoes and wearing them all day, then feeling the pain of the heel rubbing.  By the time you get you have developed a blister and can't wear them anymore.", "shoe is exactly what we wanted, my husband ordered these for work since he stands all day and he is very pleased with the comfort and look of thses shoes. he is actually ready to order another pair soon.", "I bought these for my husband and they fit as expected. He said they were comfortable right out of the box and he recommends them.", "Honestly it was my fault, not ever knowing me size you really require, and request must have been 8 when 9, otherwise the shoes are great, my only mistake that detail", "They look and feel great. Good quality material and they look very durable. Felt the difference right away from my old pair.", "I bought these shoes under the weight of reviews and trust. After one month. They have fallen apart. I will now have to glue the bottom rubber pieces back on after so little time. This shoes are worthless.", "First, I am not a runner.  I use these shoes at the gym and on a treadmill where I walk & jog for about 15-20 mins.  They are very comfortable and came in 4E for my wide feet.  I am pleased with my purchase but will edit my review if I have any problem with these sneakers. Thanks for reading!", "I do not like these shoes at all. They did not fit true to size. The mesh is somewhat flimsily and tore easily. Actually my first run out I notice a rip. I wanted to return but was unable to because of the rip. I usually buy Nike, but I am not pleased with this purchase. The one good thing, they did give me a discount on another pair, even though they would not take these back because it was outside their exchange policy date.", "i can't wear any other running shoes but nike, they fit me better than most. this has a rounded toe area but fits slightly on the short side. i would suggest buying 1/2 size larger than you normally wear. otherwise it is a very good shoe.", "My department professor wears this pair of shoes everyday, and he becomes really cool and he loves this very much.", "My son loved these shoes however they seem to hurt his foot.  Generally on this type of shoe they accommodate a wider foot but this one seems to be sized a touch smaller than the norm.", "Excelennt shoes 100%", "These shoes are about a size to small. My son wears a size 3.5 and I bought a 4 and my son had a hard time getting them on. Quite narrow. But he love them.", "it said 4 big kid, I received a 4 for a 1 yr old baby,  I was deceived, can't wear, supposed to be a Christmas gift for my 8 yr old.", "I bought these for my son aged 9 and they fit him well.  material of good quality.  Feel that they were a good buy.", "My daughter loves these shoes.  They're comfortable for running or just walking around at school.  The colors are nice and bright!", "We buy the Nike Free shoes for all of our kids because they are as durable of a sneaker that you are going to find. The materials hold up to the washing machine very well and they look brand new after a wash. These are a smart buy.", "I think I ordered one of the last pairs, for my grandson, shoe is true to size fit. the price cant beat it. Brand new, easy to break in, no blisters.  arrived in my mail box, I always opt for free shipping, it usually arrives before expected date.", "My son love them! He's already asking for me to replace them in the next size, and I will be.", "Perfect and fit as expectedbrand very good Perfectlike it and need to see more items with good pricesthanks", "My son loves these shoes and will not wear anything else! I'm glad that I found these because I'm on a tight budget.", "i bought these cause i am diabetic and needed something comfortable and they are a nice style and very comfortable i thank you very much for meeting my needs", "Great quality, they lasted until she outgrew them.", "I bought these shoes for my 8 year old for Valentines day gift. He's put them on right away and went out and played soccer in them.", "Love these shoes. Fit great, very comfortable, durable, & great fashion! We buy several pair to add to his wardrobe he likes them so much.", "I bought them for my daughter for track, but now they are turning into an everyday shoe...The fit is exceleent and they are super comfortable. She wants more pairs in different colors. So now I have to find other colors and just might get me a pair or two!!", "If you have a rel boy who destroys shoes as quick as orS does, buy these shoes! They are boy operant.", "My son is twelve so the durability may be due to his active nature. We also live at the beach and the sand can be rough on the fabric. Good for the price if your kids want name brand shoes.", "My daughter  (who's 16 years old) wears these, and I think they look so cute on her; I wish I could pull these sneakers off.", "My daughter this pair of sneakers. They are very comfortable and fit true to size. The color is exactly a the picture shows.", "My granddaughter opened the Christmas gift and put them on and you could just see the satisfaction on her face.  That's a five star rating every time.", "not very happy with the look of this item..IT LOOKS LIKE A FAKE NIKEY. SOMEWHAT IMITATION SUEDE..Its for running..So its OK..", "my daughter loves the shoes cant say anything bad them.  im talking about a really picky little girl here.  thank you", "Let's just say, my sons are heading to London England to play semi pro. My sons are Eight and Eleven years of age.", "UPPER: Soft, supple synthetic leather for great ball feel.MIDSOLE: Innovative Nike Jr. Support sockliner does mirror the natural junior athlete`s foot shape and provides great support and low-profile cushioning.OUTSOLE: Molded rubber, innovative Vapor traction pattern designed especially for speed on artificial turf.A lightweight performance boot built for the junior player. For use exclusively on indoor surfaces.Synthetic leather upper for stability and excellent ball feel.Template molded and contoured to prevent slipping and provide extra cushioning and comfort.Phylon midsole for cushioning three quarters.Vapor traction pattern optimized for speed and acceleration.Contoured mold that reproduces the shape of the foot for superior fit.Rubber outsole for traction and stability low profile during the match.Outsole for Indoor competition (IC) made &#8203;&#8203;of materials no markings and features to help enhance movement and traction.", "My daughter is on her 2nd pair of these.  On both the first and second pair the rubber at the toe has started peeling off.  Will not be buying these again.  They look okay but are too costly to keep replacing.", "My daughter is happy with this shoes for school !!!! I always buy NIKE shoes. Fit her well, runs actual size.", "My daughter is 6 and a half, and usually wears a size 11 Nike.  She has thin, long feet.  I decided to go a half size up and she can barely tell the shoe is a little big.  She has some wiggle room for her toes.  Also, the color in the picture seems to be coral, but in real life it's more of a neon orange, very similar to the orange Nike box.", "I love the way these sneakers look on my little man.  They are so cute and sturdy.  I recommend these to anyone that likes style.", "I ordered these in a boys 7 (which is also a mens 7) for my ten year old son who has wide feet. They fit himamazin and seem to keep his feet warm. (definately keeps them dry....but we will see how warm they are once wehave a foot of snow.  My son is getting to the age where boots are not cool and they try to sneak out of the housewearing runners - but these with these they are light weight enough and a cool style that he wears them withouthesitation!  Great product!", "My son wanted these boots for christmas and byt he time i got to the stores they were gone! I ordered from Amazon and I couldntbe more happier, as well as my son! they fit perfecra nd are in good shpae 5 months later! now thats a first formy 9 yr old!!", "Perfect for the snow. Great color and keep your feet warm and dry in the snow. I brought it for my son for school and he wore it the whole winter.", "These shoes are perfect for the muddy/snowy/rainy weather :-) I got them for for my daughter and myself and am very happy. Low price, and arrived quick too!", "The shoes are great, my boyfriend ordered them for me on Valentine's day and i got them on the 22nd. The shoes looks exactly like the picture,  and fix my feet great. I highly recommend buying from this company. &#10084;", "My wife likes these boots, especially for the price they also fit as shown on the website. We are happy with our purchase.", "Alittle small.  Can't put my insoles in them or they are to small.  Also a stiffer shoe. Nit as comfortable as my last shoes.", "I didnt like this shoe. It didnt fit my foot right and it was not comfortable. I am a long distance runner and these shoes do not work for that. They do not have much support, the sole was thin and were not very comfortable. They were cute though.", "I was set on getting myself another pair of Nike shoes after having my last pair for over 5 years.... When I got these they were everything I was looking for and then some... Most shoes you have to knot to keep from untying, but that wasn't the case with these, simply because the laces are square. But after 5 months the straps in the inside of the shoes that are meant to give your foot support have started to rip and that makes them useless because the eyes for the shoe laces are attached to them... great idea... but bad plan..... Nike is sending me a voucher to replace them after I pay to send them back... :( not too happy about having to pay to ship them back due to their craftsmanship issues. But life will go on. :)", "Do these shoes come in purple? Im sure I saw these shoes on Zappos and they were in the color purple.", "My daughter loved them, but they were too small.  I will however keep them and give them to my sister.  I have already ordered the correct size for my daughter.  I appreciate the prompt delivery.  thank you... :)", "I purchased these to replace old Alvords. They fit the same as the my previous pair. Traction isn't the greatest with these, even on easy hikes I find that my hiking boots are better. They are as bright as the picture and I have a few threads that have started to fray and stick up. Cushioning with everyday wear seemed to diminish a bit fast for my comfort.  I would be disappointed if I had spent more on these.", "A great shoe for working out or knocking around.  Very comfortable and durable.  I recomment this product to anyone looking for a work out shoe", "I love Nike Pegasus and have worn the 27s and the 28s. I love the color selection with the 29s, but I will be honest, I love the 28s better. These shoes seem like they offer less cushioning and aren't as durable as the 28s. For me I like a lot of cushioning so I don't love these. I actually wear the 28s when I work on the floor as a nurse and I am the only person who doesn't complain of their feet hurting. I have run one half marathon in these and while my feet weren't in a lot of pain, I was able to notice a difference between the two models.", "I alway buy Pegasus,. but they just keep changing the model, this one ran a little small,was disappointed,  buttt they were super fast on the return! great job", "This product arrived early, and when worn it is very very comfortable to wear anywhere you want to go. Nice foot padding.", "The sneakers are great and the company was timely on getting this product to my home.  I had a great experience.", "I love this style shoe. I own six pair. I'm having to hunt them on Amazon and Ebay now since the style has changed. I wish Nike wouldn't change styles so often.", "Started my running career many years ago in a pair of Air Pegasus'. After a few years off (still ran but not much...mostly just lifted weights) decided to try a pair to start building my mileage again. Not sure how these would do on a trail (the tread is not super aggressive) but on pavement they are nice and soft for my 175 lbs. and ancient knees. Not a lot of stability IMO so pronators steer clear. And a nice generous fit for my wide feet with high arches. Fit's true to size.Edit: After running in them for a few weeks. Still VERY soft. If you don't like a soft landing look elsewhere. On the midsole is says \"Cushlon\". I assume that's the material/EVA that makes it ride so soft. Haven't run any trails but on grass they are pretty unstable due to being so cushioned. Luckily I have super strong ankles so it's no big deal for me. Got a fantastic price on these at Nike Outlet Store. Not super turned on by the colors but they won't show dirt super easily I'm guessing.", "Fit perfectly.  Great to use on the road.", "Great shoes for trail running. Stable and well cushioned. I do medium runs of about 4 miles but it is up and down hills and around the lake.", "I wear them every time to the gym and I have at least 5 other pairs. I'm thinking of getting a second pair just to wear all the time.", "Not only did i love this shoe, i bought two additional pairs when i found my size and color. It is the most comfortable shoe i have ever purchased. i only found one thing wrong; i wish the tongue was padded. The size was perfect and, although i no longer run, it makes a great walking shoe. i heartily recommend this product.", "These are Nike's so I was expecting quality, and they delivered as usual. I like running and biking in these. I even put some fancy laces on them to jazz them up.", "I wear them every time to the gym and I have at least 5 other pairs. I'm thinking of getting a second pair just to wear all the time.", "These are abosulety perfect. Super light, incredibly comfortable, they're as gorgeous as you see in the picture. I have absolutely no complaints.", "I have picky feet and waited decades for Nike to roll out proper wides. Finally, they did and they work great. I bought a second pair before I needed to.", "Probably the most comfortable shoes i have ever had. Tried to another pair, but they no longer had my size (13-4e)", "Great sneaker. Ordered the wide width.. Regular nikes tend to run narrow. These fit perfect!", "SO comfortable...lots of cushioning for my neuropathy in my feet....great shoes for aerobics and working out....as well as for long walks/runs.", "I bought these after buying Brooks running shoes because the Brooks tended to squeeze my toes at the top.  These are comfortable while running and haven't had any problems at all.", "I was looking for a comfortable pair of wide width running sneakers although I use them for speed walking. These really fit the bill. These sneakers are light and comfortable on my feet which allows me to speed walk comfortably. My toes aren't scrunched in but have room to move. I would buy these again.", "Very comfortable, good support. I have wide feet and this fits very well. True to size. Would purchase again.", "I did not purchase these through Amazon, but I love these shoes. Most Nike shoes are cut narrow, but these have plenty of room in the front of the shoe and great cushion in the heel.", "I've been looking for a shoe that will support my leg. Ever since my injury in 2012, I've been afraid to even take a jog, let alone get back to running. I got my first Pegasus a few months back and I'm impressed with the lightness of the shoes and the support they give me. I wear them everywhere, all the time.  Truly a win win.", "I have very  narrow heels, very high arches/instep and extremely wide toes.  Also dealing with neuromas in my right foot that are quite painful and arthritis (I'm 74)  These shoes are great - wide toe box......snug  heel fit, and nice looking in quieter colors.  Hope the Pegasus 30s that are out are just as comfy when the 29s wear out (bought spare pairs)  People with problem feet want to wear comfy shoes that look normal.", "Still wearing my TImberlands as we haven't had THAT bad of a winter.  Wondering if i should &#34;spray them&#34; with waterproofing spray. anyone ?  any ideas?  says they are waterproof, so not sure if i should spray the leather stuff.", "Excellent article, fulfills my expectations of purchase. I have used two types of land, cement and have a further deterioration of course, but their behavior is excellent wood.", "Too add to my Air Max Collection. Ive never seen this color scheme anywhere else. Also have never seen anyoneelse wearing them! which is perfect for me because  my whi closet goes with these LTDs . Too sick", "This is a good shoe, and would get 5-stars if it provided more support. I would not recommend it for underpronators or people used to the Asics Gel Kayano.Pros:LIGHTWEIGHT. This is THE lightest shoe I have ever worn in my life. It easily adds 1-2 inches to my vertical jump just form the shoes alone (not sure if due to weight, or the lunarlon).Excellent cushioning: it absorbs nearly all impact.Comfortable and fits true to sizeLooks pretty good (although the black is more of a dark charcoal gray)Cons:Doesn't provide stability like a Kayano. You will still experience some pronation/rollNot great for sprinting. Best for a jog/run.", "I usually wear 11.5 and this was definitely way too small; I ordered the 12 and that fit much better.", "These shoes are very nice, and they also allow a lot of support for your feet. I would recommend these to everyone who needs or wants a new pair of shoes.", "The shoes arrive at my house today on time but shoes color is alot different than the picture. The shoes that arrived is lighter purple in colour and i't and does fit properly. I ordered 9.5 which is my shoes size but i needed size 10 for a proper fit. It is light and comfortable but not the colour i was expecting.", "I love love my new shoes. They are of very good quality, comfortable, lightweight and very nice. In summary, excellent running shoes", "I love these they fit perfect And look BEAST The shipping price could go down a little but still Are great", "What are the sizes? I want the shoes, but i cant buy because i dont know if these shoes stock in a 11.", "I've had many pairs of Nike Comfort flips over the years and I've always been happy. They are simply the most comfortable flips I've ever worn.The style of the shoe is sporty, and that's all the Comfort ones come in. Sporty isn't my style, but I wear these anyway because they feel so great. It's like a tempurpedic for my feet.I wear them everyday when I get home from work and one pair lasts me about 2 years. I got a pair for a friend and she walks on the insides of her feet so the toe area cushion became flat on hers quicker. I guess it just depends on how hard you are on your shoes but in my experience, these flips are good and durable.My only complaint is I wish they were more water resistant. The squishy part of the shoe is covered in some sort of a fabric, not plastic. I'd say it feels comparable to those squishy wrist rests at the computer store. Not a huge inconvenience at all, especially for the way they feel.", "Great pricevery comfortablelook great too!would highly recommend them to anyone on their feet a lot.  They are amazing!", "These flip flops are amazing.  It is like walking on jelly clouds.  The cushions absorb the shock as you walk and you can walk for hours.  When I am walking all day, I normally wear a good tennis shoe with arch support for comfort.  I have found that these flip flops provide the same support and comfort.  Also there is no rubbing between the toes like most flip flops.  It is a great fit.", "This sandal was the most comfortable one besides my Birkenstocks thanks Nike for adding the memory foam I have had 14 ankle surgeries and I will buy these every year very comfy", "These were purchased as a gift for my mother. She has not stopped raving about them ever since she got them. Two months later, she still claims they're the most comfortable sandles she's ever owned.", "My daughter and a friend both have this sandal and I coulldn't believe how comfortable it was. Of course the Nike name you can't go worng with that. The shoe fits perfectly for my foot and c an be worn all day without discomfort.I am happy with my purchase.", "I didn't care for the shoes the where to small even though they where my size. & they did not feel comfortable on my feet.", "Ordered a pair for myself and for my husband.  Both ran small.  I usually wear a size 9, and my foot sits right at the ends.  Same with my husband who normally wears a size 12.  Not sure if these come in half sizes, but if so....I highly recommend ordering a half size larger than you normally wear.  They are very comfortable and supportive.", "These sandals are like walking on a cloud! Bought them to wear to Disney and I wore them all day and my feet felt great!", "They're comfortable and wear well, I've got several pair that I wear at home or anywhere I have to walk a lot.  Very nice to walk in.  They're nothing fancy, but they are nice, sturdy flip flops.  I've gotten my money's worth, no doubt about it.", "This is not a flimsy flip flop.  Comfortable and cushy while feeling sturdy.  Wish it came in more colors, but the black goes with everything.  My daughter had a pair of these and that's how I noticed them and wanted a pair.  Not a big Nike fan, but these are great.", "Comfortable sandle, great for giving your foot a break after a run or a game or just because.  Almost like a slipper.", "These are by far the best flip flops ever!  Every Spring I look for them and am willing to pay full price because I wear them so much.", "They are sized to large.  So when I wear them they don't want to stay on my feet every well..", "However, I returned the thongs because I have narrow feet and they did not fit properly.  I also did not like the slick lining underfoot.", "These sandals are simply comfortable, are padded and recommend it to all the girls, I have several I love my", "The shoes are very comfortable. Better than the cheap pairs. Feels like you're walking on pillows. Great for everyday walking and also by the pool.", "I purchased a pair of Nike Comfort Thongs last year and lived in them all summer. However, it didn't go with all my wardrobe. I had to have another pair this year and will probably buy another color later on. This is the only thong that I can wear comfortably and I will stay with Nike as long as they make the comfort thong available. Love everything about them.", "I bought a size bigger than I normally would as some reviewers pointed out and it fitted perfectly! They're very comfortable to wear.", "These are the most comfortable flip flops I have found. I favor these over tennis shoes to walk in anytime.", "I love these sandals!! They are the best and I bought four pairs and one for my pregnant friend.  They are so comfortable to walk around town on really hot days.", "FINAL UPDATE july 2013: Downgrading from 4 stars to 3,5 stars ..... issue about laces loops ...Update (29-04-2012): Now you can find this same sneakers with clay sole which should make them perform much better on clay.Nike courtballistec has gained a solid reputation of being very good because they have great flexibility, durability and feet support.Review of main characteristics expected from these tennis shoes:1. Comfort:  These tennis shoes doesn't need a break in period. Just from the first time them feel SUPERB. Great out of the box!. Padding at the toes and cushioning in the heel is absolutely great. Rating: 5/5.2. Weight: Feel really light.  Rating: 4,7/5.3. Stability: Very good, outstanding. Rating: 4,6/5.4. Traction: Uhmmm, I have been using them mostly on clay surface and I am very disappointed. These sneakers are slippery in humid clay. Rating: 3,0/5.  But I think them are good on hard surface (4,0/5).For spectacular traction on clay I still prefer Yonex Power Cushion SHT 307 Mens Tennis Shoes. Also I thinkadidas Men's Barricade 6.0 Tennis Shoehave better traction on clay.5. Durability: No doubt, long lasting tennis shoes. They come with a 6 month outsole limited warranty. Rating: 5/5.  When playing on red clay these get that color really easy and them are a little bit difficult to clean again.6. Ventilation: Very good. You won't feel your feet hot. Rating: 4,5/57. Price: Above other similar options and of course you pay for the brand, Rating: 3,8/5.8. Appearance: Awesome. Rating 4,5/5.BIG Con:-Laces loops break with time and there is no way to fix them. The only solution is to drill a hole above the place where the loop was (see pic.). This has happen with two (2) pairs of shoes I have bought.Sizes: I use 9,5 and these fit me ok, BUT beware with width because there are some complains and width foot players must test courtballistec carefully.I think these are amazing tennis shoes for the amateur, advanced, semipro or pro tennis player. Tennis instructors will love them because besides comfort, durability makes them attractive.P.S: I am an intermediate-advanced tennis player (NTRP: 4,5 level*); I like technical aspects about racquets, strings, tennis shoes and tennis accessories. Nowadays I am playing 80% of my time on clay surface and 20% on hard courts. I play 10-12 hours per week.I have other tennis items reviews, maybe can be useful 4 u.Votes are welcome .... If you wish ...*If you want to know your tennis level visit: National Tennis Rating Program at the USTA web site.", "oh god the reviews must be at least 20 works long. I think the shoes are good but the ship is a little late.", "dude, i slept with this shoe so yeaaa...i just...love it mayne !!*submitted by my cousin, for whom it was bought.*", "Brand new crisp pair of shoes. I was happy to receive exactly how it shows in the picture. The colors were fresh and bright as new.", "Had looked everywhere for navy blue on white. These days there are too many funky colors and not everyone likes that. Very happy with this purchase. They do tend to run large so I ordered 1/2 size smaller than normal which was perfect.", "I found these shoes to be excellent for walking even though they are \"basketball\" shoes.they provide a good fit and excellent support", "Bought this pair of Nike Air Force 1's for my new son-in-law. He was thrilled to get them. His brother told me that I had excellent taste in shoes :)  Plan to buy more Nike's in the future, but had a hard time finding his size 10.5's.  This pair is advertized as white/NAVY, but they are actually white/OBSIDIAN, which means white/BLACK, but the shoes still look amazing.  Wanted white/BLUE, but couldn't find them in his size. I'll just have to keep looking.  I also really enjoyed the ease of ordering on line and the quick delivery service.", "The shoe kind of fits small to the size...especially on the width.......hopefully it will open up.....otherwise its a good shoe for running......", "Ordered this shoe for my 12 yr. old son and couldn't be more happy.  It's lightweight, supportive and, best of all, no tongue to worry about sliding to the side when he does his workouts.  My son hasn't worn any other shoe since he received them.  He says they feel like slippers!", "When ordering this shoe, you need to consider if you will be using it barefoot or with socks.  With socks, you'll want to order at least a half size larger than normal.", "I wanted running shoes so i can begin and improve my running, and i wanted nike shoes because i loved how they looked, i saw this one was on sale and i loved it from the moment i saw it, i bought it and it fits perfectly, looks very stylish too, i would recommend this shoe to a lot of you stylish runners.", "I've only worn them to work - no recreation.  Forgot I had them on ---- so that's a good thing with shoes", "I got these for my mom and she loves them. They seem to be keeping true to the great quality of past Frees. I haven't found a pair of Nike Frees that I or anyone I know haven't liked.  They are comfortable and nice shoes", "Loving these shoes! Light weight but substantial support. I wear flip flops every day and these feel so good on my feet for &#34;real&#34; shoes.", "My step son wears these for every football game. He says they fit perfect and do not hurt his feet. They have held up great under the strain of a 13 year old boy who is 180lb and 5 foot 11. Would def. recommend this product to others.", "My other tennis shoes were wearing out and I decided to buy these! Could not be happier with this purchase. I am a runner and these are perfect for fit and comfort! You can't go wrong with these. Love the bright color too!", "These shoes are just as expected with ordering Nike running shoes. They are comfortable and fit true to size. Got them for working out at the gym - nothing like a marathon or anything.", "Would definitely buy again.", "Just OK!", "Perfect fit & so comfortable. I run  everyday so my feet are very sore but these shoes help a lot !", "I'm usually 8.5 size in Nike, but this style runs 1/2 size smaller, reordered it for size 9. Other wise, very comfortable and nice looking shoes which you will not feel while wearing. Love them!", "Shoes arrived quickly, they are 1 size bigger than the regular cortez basic leather shoes, but exactly as described.  10char", "this was a sneaker i wanted for ever it said i wouldnt get it till 2 more mounths!!! but i got it today this is great!!!", "I have the navy blue and white pair of these as well, and they are my favorite shoes. I wear them to work and they're so comfortable to wear all day long. Great support and cushioning, and theyre pretty lightweight and easy to move around in. They're comfortable right out of the box, without having to break them in, to me, thats a great shoe. These aren't made anymore, so I was so happy to find one of the last pairs in my size, right here. These shoes are true to size and width. Im very happy with this purchase!", "Runs a bit small should have gotten 1/2 size bigger. All in all not bad.  Shipped to APO in about 10 days", "I'm using my Nike Jordan Flight the Power shoes for 3 months now, and unfortunately they're just uncomfortable... their toe box is very small and even though I bought the shoes half size larger than my real size they hurt my toes whenever I ware them. At the beginning I hoped that with time the shoes will become a bit wider and I'll get used to it, but it just didn't happen.In addition the shoes are not high enough in my opinion, but this is something I could live with, but not with their uncomfortably.", "It was ok. I thought at first that were more stronger but finally were light leather. thank you to all....", "These shoes look great and would be 5 stars if the fit wasn't off. I've never considered myself to have wide feet and have never had a problem with shoes being too narrow but these are a tighter fit than any other shoe I've owned. They squeeze in on my toes and are pretty uncomfortable to wear. Hopefully once they're broken in they will mold better to my feet and not feel excessively tight.", "Nice shoes but they run narrow, Nike's site says to order 1/2 larger if you have wide feet.  I say order a 1/2 size larger if you have normal feet.", "this type of shoes is perfect for walking, working out in the gym (except running on the treadmill), and dancing. i have wide feet and usually some athletic shoes that i buy are one size bigger because of it. this one is different; it had just my size. the fabric won't suffocate your feet. it is recommended for indoor-type workout shoes. all in all, the shoes are fantastic.", "I really liked this shoe.  It provides adequate cushioning and support, but the shoe is still light enough so that it doesn't slow me down.Also, the shoe doesn't leave black marks on the floor (like my last pair)", "doesnt come in size 12 in the color i want black with the white rim and black sole when are they gonna come in that size?NEVER MIND WRONG SHOE I WENT ON NIKE.COM AND DESIGNED MY OWN SHOE THEY DONT MAKE THE ONE I THOUGHT THIS WAS", "A trendy yet comfortable pair of shoes. Had worn for months yet still in good shape. I would recommend it", "I got the shoes in a reasonable time. I bought them for my nephew and he loves them but I guess there cut small", "Mh.htd,ht idrt,yt kyyl kgu. LuU luyfYi lutly jyckdyt khfhg khfkhgc khfdh jgfyrx kgfk mhfdht mhfd,htd ngf&;) mhfdh,f khtd", "I am on my third pair of these shoes and I must say.  I think Nike missed the mark.  Biggest problem is, the lace eyelits have ripped right out of the shoe.  If you want to look cool at the club, have at it... otherwise.. buy a pair of new balance b-ball shoes.", "The shoes are great, and fit exactly as we anticipated. They are really great shoes and great quality and also came quickly!", "Purchased as a gift for my son. They fit and look great. He said they were exactly what he had wanted.", "This is my 3rd pair of Nike Lunar line shoes.  I have finally found a shoe that fits me perfectly, is very comfortable and is durable.  There is a lot of cushion along the bottom of the shoe both in the heel and the toes.  I have other pairs of shoes that I cannot wait to take off at the end of the day, but I could sleep in these.  I have tried the Nike Free line, but they cannot even compare to these.  I highly recommend these.", "I actually ended up returning these because I got a sweet deal on the Free's.  They looked great and felt alright; would have needed to be broken in, but that's typical unless you get a pair of Free's.", "My wife had these same shoes in a different color so when she needed a new pair I bought her these. She says they are just as nice as the ones we picked out in the store. I expect she's gonna put a few hundred miles on these just like her other ones.", "These are my husband's favorite shoes! The black and blue color contrast makes for a stylish shoe that can be worn with a variety of clothing choices. Shoes fit comfortably and have not worn down after repeated wear. Would definitely recommend if you don't have a pair of these Nike's you buy 2.", "If you just want a new pair of sneakers but aren't willing to spend $90 or more, than this show is for you. If there's anything wrong with it, it's that it runs a bit large and the quality isn't what it was years ago. To me, it's a shoe just for show and I would say it's best for a walk to the store or while you're walking your dog, not traveling long distance by foot or running, NO. You'll mess up your feet and put yourself at a risk of getting a bunion, seriously. Thanks for reading.", "Shoes fitted perfect  they arrived on time and was as described. Would buy again", "Having a job where I am on my feet all day, usually on cement floors, proper shoe fit and construction are very important to me. I have tried all the major brands, and Air Force 1 Nike's fit better and last longer than any of the competition.", "the looking is good, and it's quite thick, so very warm. However, the height and width of the shoes are a little small, for a person has 'fat' feet, like me.", "I got these for my son and he really enjoys them.  States they are light shoe and fit well.  The shoes have held up well and he is an 18 year old and almost wears them everyday.", "I have never had problems in the past with any Nike shoes, but this pair I purchased in March of 2012 has totally fallen apart.  The flaps on the bottom of the shoes are falling off and also the front bottom of the shoes are coming apart.", "These sneakers are adorable with the usual great Nike quality. The laces are a bit flemsy but can easily be replaced. My daughter loves them!!!", "This shoes are comfortable and I have to say the color is bright but I can were them with any color of clothing .", "Item Great color, fit , Price, fast shipping husband loved them great for walking will definitely recommend to any one interested in buying !!!!", "Warning: These shoes are much narrower than the D width as claimed. The wear layer of the sole is not suitable for pavement is wears out prematurely. If you only use these for the track or court and your feet are very narrow then these are for you. If you run/walk outdoors and you have medium to wide feet, stay away from these.", "Nice but thin. I wish I would have got a size larger. This is a coming from the gym on a summers night type jacket.", "I am super excited to give these to my son!! They are even cooler in person then in the photo! Buyer beware when ordering any Jordan shoes, another sale site has a great way to tell if they are fake or not, check it out, print it off and buy away! Its what I do to ensure we are getting the real deal without spending $200+ per pair!! These are the real deal", "i love these shoes so much. first of all they fit really well. and the colors well need i say more.", "Bought these for my husband who prefers the older styles of air max.  He likes them a lot.  I had to send the 12 back and replace w size 13.  Thankfully the 13s work.  When the 13 arrived there was no shoe box holding them which seemed odd but shoes are okay.", "I love this sneakers. They are very comfortable and have excellent grip on the court. I highly recommend this sneaker", "they come with the three pairs of insoles 2 pairs of the mesh inside things and the pair of shoes them self also they come with extra grey laces.they are 223$ when got in store so this is a steal price.", "son is very happy...got what we expected and quickly too!!!  We would purchase again from this contact. positive experience. thank you", "They were the wrong color..", "I was impressed just on the packaging alone....What!?  3 drawers with seperate compartments!  What?! I almost feel like not wearing the shoes....So Dang pretty!  fits perfect...and it feels good wearing it!  Must have on anybody's list of shoes!~  A keeper!!!", "Never buy this item, it looks more awful in person than on the a monitor and if performance is your thing is was so bad that my ankle broke. The leather makes the shoe heavy. Never again will I buy a jordan shoe they just suck people in like u and me because of ''the jordan brand''.", "High performance but my usual size 12 fit like a ten.  Luckily my friend bought them off me.  Too bad sweet shoes.", "The shoe is well made and my son loves the style.  The price was better than anywhere else, and thankfully, they had it in a size 14, which many sites don't.", "I got this pair at Foot Locker for 69.99. Another Nike product you can compare it to is the Free Run and Free Run 2. The three shoes are geared towards running. The Huarache is light, and only about an ounce heavier than the Free Run 2. In my opinion the added heal support is what makes them heavier, but its too little to notice. I run around my neighborhood so the heal support makes all the difference. The comfort is excellent and my feet can't tell they are breaking in new shoes (no blisters). I got these specifically for running, but I can see myself getting another pair for casual wear. I recommend them, they are a good product.", "I have been looking for a re-release or old deadstock pairs of these Huaraches for YEARS.I used to own THREE pairs of this shoe back in the day, it was honestly the MOST comfortable pair of shoes I have ever worn.  I did not train in them, but these were the shoes I wore outside anytime the weather was nice and not raining/snowing.I recently heard that they were re-releasing the lowtop Huaraches.  I'm from Canada, so I quickly rushed to my nearest Footlocker AND Champs stores to inquire.  BOTH stores told me these should would not be reaching the shelves of Canadian stores.  I was very disappointed to hear this, reason they gave was related to the buyers involved between the stores and Nike unable to cut a deal.I was in Michigan this weekend with my wife, when I went to the nearest Footlocker to inquire!  I found these shoes on footlocker.com so I assumed they would have it in the stores, but to my disappointment they hadn't heard of when (or if) they were getting them on their shelves anytime soon.So I entered Finish Line, now with little hope of finding this shoe.My wife has always known my passion for the Huaraches, since they all experienced the same problem after a while, the strap in the back broke and no type of adhesive I tried worked to keep it in tack.My wife ended up purchasing TWO pairs of this shoe in both the white/blue and black/grey colorways as a birthday gift for me !This shoe has even gotten MORE comfortable than ever, thanks to the free soles on these !!!I don't post many reviews on amazon for my purchases, and even though I didn't purchase this shoe through Amazon, I felt compelled to still write my feelings on this beautiful specimen of a shoe.One of the most beautiful features on this shoe is the LACK of any SWOOSH, just a subtle \"NIKE\" on the back strap.  This shoe will turn heads anywhere you go.  There's something about this shoe that makes it look amazing with shorts OR jeans/jogging pants.I am very grateful that Nike did not price this release to be outrageous, but at $99 off the shelf is very fair in my opinion.Another feature that's cool about this shoe is the Nike+ chip that's installed in this shoe, for those of you who don't know what this does, in a nutshell the Nike+ chip inside the shoe is able to communicate with any Apple product (iphone, ipod, etc) as well as a selection of Nike watches, to track things like calories burned, mileage on your runs, etc.This shoe may look weird/strange to people who don't know about the original Huaraches from 1992, but even though you may be new to this, do NOT hestiate to buy this shoe if you come across it since it will be become an instant addiction on your feet.Besides, live life on the edge and dare to be different !!I don't know if Nike will continue to produce this shoe or not, which is the reason I got two pairs now and thinking of actually getting a 3rd !!!Remember, I am not giving my review on the technical aspects of the shoe or the longevity or the training performance.  I'm simply giving my review on the COMFORT and LOOK of this shoe.  I have other shoes that I use for basketball and cross-training.", "These are among my favorite shoes of all time. In general, putting these shoes on takes some getting used to, but once upon your feet, they have to be the most comfortable shoes I've ever worn.", "I don't own these yet and I'm the last person to ever spend over $120 on any pair of shoes, but these gotta be the dopest air maxs I've seen and I'm seriously gonna have to order these.", "I bought one pair of these in all white for the summer. After just a week I loved them. When I returned to buy another pair they were on sale so I bought 2 more in white and this one in grey. I have not received the grey ones but the white ones are some of my favorite air max ever. I know air max very well and have had every year air max released. Its so rare that they release an ALL WHITE model. No small grey or black accents. BUY BUY BUY", "Ended up selling these to a friend as they are just not very wide at all. If you have wide feet you may wanna look elsewhere.  I ordered a size larger just because I have had trouble finding shoes that are wide enough.  They are great boots but my feet just say they are not quite wide enough.  Strangely one foot was fine and the other was smashed in the boot.", "I live in Wyoming and we don't have the luxury of having out streets plowed or sidewalks shoveled so these LIVE on my feet! Just an FYI, you should invest in some odor powder because these are waterproof, which keeps my feet nice and dry, but my feet STANK after taking them off. Easy fix... Take a shower :)", "What size is the shoe? i am very interested but cant go through without knowing the size of the shoes", "this is an awesome shoe. it is good looking would like to buy these but what is the show size?", "This was a gift and it's for someone that has a hard time finding shoes.  They fit well and were very comfortable from the start.  The recipient commented that they feel extremely light on his feet. They look great on a very large foot.", "I bought these at a Nike outlet store for $30 and it was a great buy! These shoes are very comfortable and provide a lot of much needed support (I'm a round lady!). They're great for every day wear and for working out. I love that they're Nike + compatible so that I can track my workouts for myself and for my doctor.", "looks great grey is my new color can't go wrong with Nike Shox ....Could not find these sneaker in any store.", "light weight comfortable shoe. easy to keep clean just wipe with a damp terry cloth towel. my favorite shox shoe yet.", "Came way earlier than expected.. woke up to my nnw kicks and a text telling me to go pick them up...", "I got these shoes thinking everything was okay and was glad to get them. So I wore them finding the right shoe was very tight so when I got home checking things out I found I had two different sizes. The left one was a size 9 the size I ordered and the right one was a size 8. Emailed the store they said there was nothing they could do because I wore them. I understand this but a person should be able to trust the customer to check things out before sending them out. I told them they must have the mate to my size 9 shoe I ordered and I would be willing to buy it for a fair price. But they won't contact me to settle this problem so now I'm stuck with a pair of worse less shoes.", "Nike shoes are the only shoes I would ever be comfortable ordering online and as always they did not disappoint.", "Way to big I want my money back it's so bad because they are very expensive and I expected more because of thAt", "Its just what I ordered. They were in the official Nike box and everything. They have a nice gold/yellow finish.", "I love these shoes they are very comfortable and look great. They can in the right size and they can within 4 days from when I put my order in.", "IT has jumpman 23 came fast on time  it was what i expected it but then when i looked at it it's diffent from the photos i say 3/5", "Really like the quality, comfort and design of this Air Max.  In fact, I couldn't be happier with it and would recommend them to another person who was interested.", "got these for my son he must really love them the has a few different colors in this shoe style.", "My 4th pair, all different shox - love those shoes. I use them in- and outdoor, the best training shoes I ever bought.", "My preteen son wears these sneakers as \"dress sneaks\".  They are flashy without looking gawdy.  He gets a lot of compliments on their look and he claims that they are both very comfortable and very easy to clean.  He does not wear these to play sports in--just as his dressy tennis shoes.", "I ordered for my daughter and they arrived in great condition. I gave to my daughter and she stated that they are perfect and she loves to wear them.", "I love this shoe. It is roomy and very comfy. Colors are awesome. You get what you pay for with this shoe. True fit.", "I really like the shoe I but the leather stretch so they don't fit as well as I would like them to.", "These are the best running shoes I have ever had. They are well made and super light weight. They run about a half size smaller than I normally wear,  so purchase them a half size bigger and they should fit perfect.", "Have run in this shoe before! Excellent shoe for longer runs! Fits true too size! Would but this shoe again.", "I saw these and was so excited! they came and were even more beautiful than I expected! They fit perfect, in pristine condition, and came early even. were a little spend for me but 100% worth the extra cash! Buy these if they have your size!! So worth it! all i hear when i wear them is how great they look.", "Most comfortable tennis shoe that I have ever worn.  I plan to buy additional pairs in other colors.  However, the price is cheaper on finishline.com", "i would have given a 5 but it was too small, had to give it away.The new owner loves it though. Hope to get it right next time", "Disappointed! The shoe sizes run smaller than the listed size. Buyer beware...you have to pay to return the open item and you do not get reimbursed for the return amount", "The shoes fit good and everybody liked them I got a lot of compliments on them they were prompted to come", "I initially bought myself a pair of these Pegasus 28's, and couldn't believe how comfortable they are.  Like walking on marshmallows.  Since then, I've ordered two more pairs for myself (I like different colors for different days of the week).  I've ordered a pair for my dad, using NIKE-iD (you can make your own custom color combination).  I've ordered a pair for my son.  I've recommended to friends and family, and they've all indicated they love them.  Now, as far as durability?...  My son is the best test...  He's 14 years old, and literally beats up on shoes in usually a few weeks.  He's had these for 5 months, and they are 90% completely intact (scuffed up but not too bad)...  The 10% part that wore out the fastest was the cushion insert, directly under his heel.  Otherwise the shoe is fine and completely wearable.  This has never happened before with Nike.  Usually he wears out the outside of the shoe long before the inside.  I hope this convinces you to get a pair.  Of course there are always some folks with odd shaped feet that they won't work for, or those who hate Nike, but even my sister who doesn't care for Nike, thought they fit and feel great.", "I have NIKE SB shoes in 9.5 and ordered the same size for these... a whole 1.5 sizes larger in fit... they fall of my feet, very dissapointed", "The product has a good quality, fits well and fulfill any expectation. Product recommended for everyone who likes nice shoes in this category.", "Est&aacute;n perfectos tiene para conectarlos a los iPhone y iPod se les ve muy bien a las damas lo recomiendo", "The shoes are very comfortable, but Nike should be a little more generous with more room in the foot-bed. After a month, they have worn in nicely and have maintained their comfort level.", "There is no size given for this shoe. This is the second pair of shoes I liked and there was not a size listed!", "I love this shoe. its a hard to find and even though the price is high it is worth the buy. I hope he can get more.", "I love 2011 air max tennis shoes by NIKE. They are extremely comfortable for regular wear and walking. I have three pairs and had to get my husband some. The material is much more supportive compared to the mesh that the new air max tennis shoes are made of, and they look good. Very SATISFIED!", "Was casually browsing shoes and came across these. I already have a pair in white an a pair in black/white. Bought these just in time for Bruins playoffs. They fit just like all Air Force Ones do: amazingly. Air Force Ones can't be beat in terms of overall style, comfort, and durability. Absolutely love them. I want a pair in black/red now.", "great shoe and for the price i paid and the color i wanted will go great with my boston bruins stuff thank you and box in perfect case", "I recieved boots in time. Amazon is amazing when it comes to service  however the boots weren't the color I was expecting.  I wanted the shiny black boots for work.  These boots are very comfortable just the wrong shade of black.  Returning them was easy. Amazon is the best.", "I just bought these, and they are comfortable as previously mentioned. They look like they will last long, but only time will tell. I expected nothing more and nothing less from these pair of shoes. They also look very nice.", "these boots are worth their weight in gold.I work ,and walk all day on very hard concrete floors.and have a very bad back.I have tried many other shoes that are supposed to be good for this type of all day working,but these boots are by far the best!they were stiff for only a couple days,but didnt hurt my feet.I wore thm to work the first day I got them all day,and they were fine. these boots are by far the best boots for people who have a bad back.they really absorb the shock from walking all day!the only thing I will do different next time I order is to buy the other regular leather shine ones instead of these in particular as these have the oiled leather surface which is a matte finish.", "I could do what I do without comfy feet. This boots make life better and my feet don't hurt one bit", "This looks like a great product and would love to give it a great rating..expect I can't buy it since they only have 2 sizes!! I need a size 12 or 13 and all they have is 8 and 8.5. I been checking in for a week straight. please bring more options. Can't wait to give it a 5 star..maybe...someday..", "Great pair of boots. My son love them. They look great and are comfortable. It arrive fast and it was well pack.", "I wanted to get boots for hiking/backpacking.  While there are other alternative brands that specialize in that area I wanted boots that felt like sneakers while at the same time being able to handle the outdoor abuse. Also, while I was willing to spend a bit of money I did not want to spend hundreds of dollars for a pair. Therefore, I came upon these boots.  First, the TT material is very good for rugged outdoor hiking and although it picks up a lot of dirt (to be expected in that terrain) it's also easy to wash off.  All I do after every hike is run the boots in some water and use a brush. Second, the comfort is very good, not just for boots but also shoes. I like to wear boots because I like the ankle support they provide. I wear dress boots, casual boots, and combat boots and the Goadomes are in my opinion the most comfortable of them all.  When you first put them on you feel like you've gain 3 inches but when you start walking there is a Nike Air Max sneaker feeling you get.  Those who own or worn Nike Air Max's knows what I'm talking about.  This feeling in my mind was comforting provided I like to go on hikes where my flat feet will get abused.  The only cons I can find is that they are pretty rugged boots so they will be heavier than your pair of sneakers.  Also, I've only had them for less than a month so I don't know how durable they will be.  However, I would like to disclose that I've worn the Goadomes twice while carrying my son on a 2 mile hike up a mountain 1,500 ft in elevation and worn them once on a 17 mile hike with 35 lbs of gear up 10,500 ft in elevation.  The boots came out fine.  I've used them to kick rocks, debris, and acorns out of the way, just abusing them with no care and so far, so good.  I love these boots so much I might buy a second pair just to wear around casually.  Finally, you will not be able to get this price for this boot anywhere but Amazon.  I think you can use this boot for anything, hiking, working, casual wear etc...  Buy the Goadome TT, you won't regret it.", "Love these boots.  I use them for work and i can't say enough about them.  I wished these were a little lighter...but not really and issue.", "Very comfortable and good looking boots.  Scuff resistant and great for all seasons/activities. If you love the Goadome line this is a quality purchase", "Very comfortable boots that are as easy on the eyes as they are on the feet. The non-scuff surface is top-notch. I've owned two pairs and use them when riding my motorcycle. Plainly put...excellent footwear!", "I purchased these boots for work. As a city mailman on a walking route these boots by far exceed anything the USPS has to offer. From day one they were/are the most comfortable work shoes/boots I have used. I walk a average of 5/6 miles, 5/6 times a week. I've used them for about 3 1/2 months now, and there is very little wear to the sole. The upper, while a little difficult to shine is very easy to clean. Just a little elbow grease with a good shoe brush, and you're good to go. I have many more years of delivering left. Hopefully Nike will only improve on the quality. If they do, they'll have a customer for life...", "So true to most,  this shoe was the right length but required two liners to fill up the space enough to lace my foot so that it did not slide to the front.  After 3 months of intermittent wear they stretched out so I could no longer lace them snug enough so someone else got to enjoy them.", "These shoes are amazing, they were delivered in about 2 days, 4 days ahead of schedule. I get at least 3 compliments a day about how amazing and how cool they look, everybody wants a pair like these. Great comfort, great fit, lightweight, everything you could want in a shoe. Amazing I would totally recommend.", "Shoes look awesome, i always get at least one complement but its little tight for broad feet. Great vibrant color , very light and unique.", "Very nice original jordan tennis low price and very elegant, good for my collection of jordan tennis. I really like being low.", "I love this shoe, very comfortable, very durable and they came fast.  A must have for any Charles barkley fan. Takes me back to the 90s!", "So I was surfing on the internet for a KDIV 'YoTD' and a lot of the website except Amazon gave a really high price on this shoe. I decided to search it on Amazon and I found this deal which was a lot cheaper than I expected. I did contact the seller for more information about his shoe and yes it's 100% authentic. I went with the size 10 KD and the shipping was quite fast and yes they would put this in a standard nike box not the 'YoTD' limited box. It shipped from HKong to the U.S which takes only like 1 week. The shoe look absolutely stunning and you would be satisfy and this shoe worth every penny.", "If you are a shoe collector then you should avoid any special additions that don't come in the special addition box.  Then you should worry if it is shipped directly from China.  There is a good chance they will be poorly glued together and have plastic on the bottom.  So buyer beware(also you can buy this fake version in china for roughly 180 chinese dollars(less than 30 u.s. dollars).  Try Taobao.com if you want some fakes(bring a translator)", "This is a nice looking pair of shoes. If you have wide toes order a half size larger.  They squeeze at the top. But I get complimented all the time but in the meanwhile they're killing my toes.", "The sneakers are very cute. They are exactly as described and they arrived before the estimated delivery date. All in all these are very comfortable kicks. Just note that they're kinda narrow.So if you have wide feet get a half size bigger or its death to the pinky toes. lol", "I bought these else ware for less $ but they are comfortable shoes good insole d ring lasing suede so very hard to clean but very nice pair of sneaker boots .", "Took a long time looking for these tennis, but I have not found my size it would be a 7 if I buy them and get themNike Cortez Classic OG Leather Sneakers", "these are amazing kicks. very high quality leather, sharp colorway and tons of vintage vibe. unfortunately these are the most narrow shoes i have ever tried on. my initial order was sz13, my usual size in nike, but they were too long and too narrow. my second order was in sz 12 and forget about it... a tourniquet would be more comfy. part of the styling of this shoe seems to be derrived from the fact that they are so narrow, as it does lend the shoe a very sleek look. so buyer beware. if you've got long skinny feet and want some sweeet retro sneakers, you cant go wrong with theseBTW, the merchant selling these shoes... SneakerRx aka Sneakerhead... charges you for the shipping!!! so now im out $24.00. oh well.Piece", "These shoes are gorgeous! The colors are even prettier in person. My son has found these fit true to size as well.", "I ordered these shoes and although they were very expensive when I recieved them I fell in love. The feel good on my feet and they look great! I have gotten many compliments.", "no one else has a pair of these shoes among his friends.this makes him distinguesed!that gives him pleasure ain&#34;t that enough?", "Best shoes to play in very light. I would buy them again. I highly recommend this shoe. Very comfortable. Great grip on the hard wood.", "Excellent customer service.They are ready to help you at anytime. And care about your issue you have.ThanksMiles", "Bought this for my son and he loves the shoe. Kind of a retro looking shoe compared to all the shoes out there. It's held up really well (except for how dirty he gets it).", "Got this for my 16 year old son, who is a Michael Jordan fanatic. It was a gift for Christmas, and the way his face lit up when he opened this gift was absolutely priceless. They fit him great and feel very comfortable.", "Very nice and comfortable Nike shoes. Light and unusual coloring , looking special. Got them at a great price too.", "Firstly, they do not look very nike or feel very nike.  The embellishment is pink and to &#34;frilly&#34; for a black shoe.  they also seem cheaply made, and they fit small and narrow.  My 77 year old mother liked them and they do seem more fitting for an older person.", "I bought these for vacation and they are great - good fit and very comfortable for walking all day! They look good with jeans as well as yoga pants, these shoes have good support and feel well made.", "I really like the Black History Month T-Shirt. It may have been a women's, but it fits me really well.", "I loved the colors.  The fact that I can wear a sneaker in crappy weather without ruining them great.  The rugged bottom and the fact that they are water proof makes them perfect for fall and early winter", "I got this pair of shoes because of the snow. I needed something that look cool and were water resistant. And they did an excellent job. Really recommend them.", "the build quality is decent, but I had to return them.the pinky area, where the all the panels are stitched together, really bothered my pinky toe as I wore it.The stitching area on the inner side was also irritating.I tried to break in but it just got worse and worse.Would not recommend this shoe to people with wide feet. (I actually fit in most \"medium width\")", "I've had Nike ACG's for over twenty years and these have been the worst! They pinch both of my little toes, and heels are rock hard rubber in colder weather.", "I wanted some lightweight work shoes...these suck. nike is known for being a narrow shoe... I have wide feet but this fit was just wrong.", "chose the 4 star rating because the shoes were not damaged and they're just what i imaged they be like", "really happy with these, perfect shoe to pop on after the ski hill, nice looking, even wear out to dinner.  Great buy.", "I love Nike Air-Force ones as they are classy, timeless, and beautiful. Compared to other styles Air-Force 1's have managed to stay relevant for nearly 20 years. These green, black, and white AF1's are going to make a welcome addition to my royal blue one, whites, and soon to be new reds (feeling kind of patriotic with July 4th around the corner). They fit great, and were flawless out of the box and looked better in person than online.", "As always the best pair of shoes than I have used. That is my fifth purchase and I love it. Always I recommend this model of shoes and the supplier.", "Shipping sucked. Didnt get it till the very last day it was supposed to. i even tracked it and it didnt move for a day or more. real lousy. Love these kicks though. Low top Huaraches are have that free run feel. The hightop bball huaraches are on a whole different level. Extremely comfortable and ready to go. trained and worked out in them and no pain what so ever. Glad i found these shoes in my size. if it had different colors id buy more. TONS of compliments.4*s for shipping", "Im not a sneaker head so I dont stand in line the day shoes comeout and pay top dollar. I wanted these and couldnt find the black in store only the red and blue.", "Authentic from merchant.  Comfortable easy to break in and looks awesome.  At first I thought they looked weird but they grew on me.  Look awesome and go with a lot.  I use my sneakers for wear, not to play ball.  These just are eye droppers in my opinion.Buy these, if you have extra cash get extras..", "I Love these shoes, glad they had my size. Nike rookie zoom next best shoes to the foamposite, probably better.", "this product came on time as expected. no damage to the box. My son actually pick these out and he only wore them a few times. I had no idea that nike runs a little big.. They are super noticable to put it nicely. I have nothing against the seller of this product.. i just would never by nike dunk. sorry", "T S A un- approved!! Heed warning and remove tag before flight.  Do not hide tag in rectum.  Bad idea.", "None now live who remember... It began with the forging of the great shoes. Three pairs were given to the media, on going, willing to shill for the companies. Seven to the CEOs, great magicians, able to squeeze money from the poor and get it to the rich. And nine, nine pairs were gifted to the celebrities, who above all else desired fame, and the illusion they set trends and were better than the world.But they were all of them deceived for another pair of shoes was made. In the land of Vietnam, in the factories of sadness. The dark Lord Mark Parker forged in secret a master pair of shoes, to control all others and into this pair, he poured his cruelty, his malice, and his will to dominate all life. One shoe to rule them all.It was lost to time... Until now, when Amazon found the pair and had no idea what they held... The power they felt though was real... And $3,000 seemed right and fair.", "Perhaps I could chop off one of my feet... any one-legged people want one of these shoes? Tell me which leg you don't have and I'll chop my other foot off, then we can go halves in a pair.Only if you have Size 10 feet though.", "These shoes are a bit over my price range so I thought I would see if I could buy 1 for half the price. I thought if I bought one for my husband (they are just his size) then he would be at least halfway cool. Unfortunately buying just one wasn't an option. It's really not fair to people on a budget that these shoes must come in a pair.", "I was thrilled to find that with the discount, I could get these shoes for just $1500 - $1500 for the left shoe and another $1500 for the right. I bought the right one for now. It's so cool that no one even notices the worn-out 5-year-old Wal-Mart shoe on my left foot. My walk is a little off balance, and my knees and hips are getting a bit swore from the unmatched pair, but I'll put up with a lot to look this awesome!", "These by far are more fitting than my crocodile high tops, and they go with everything in my wardrobe unlike my Tommy Hill figure whale loafers. The next time I am in the Blood Market all the Dimond vendors will surely be drooling!", "Are they bigger on the inside? Do they Time travel? I can't imagine what else they could be good for. Unless they at least make my big feet look small.", "These shoes were not really any more comfortable than my old l.a. gear hi-tops and I felt somewhat foolish for spending 3k on them. So I decided to drink my sorrows away. On my second six pack I was struck with an epiphany...why not shove my beer bottle in the shoe. I was right. The foamposite material keeps my beer cool for several minutes and is the best beer coosy I've ever used. Trust me I've used many. One tip for other users is not to run a 10k in the shoes before using as a coosy as all my beer seemed to develop an overly skunky aroma.", "I'm a trained PILOT for chrissakes yet this still happened to me. It could happen to you.After I placed my feet into the cockpit, I felt the power of these amazing shoes coursing through my veins. I took two steps and jumped into the the lofty heights. They threw me backward then forward with the grace of a epileptic eagle. I felt the magic of sizzling through my souls, enveloping me in a magical inferno. Up! Up into the lofty heights I would dwell (if only for a moment) with the Winged Goddess of Victory herself!Then I screamed as the stink of burning athlete's foot assaulted by olfactory lobe. I fell straight on my face before I ever even flew. It is then that I noticed the way small &#34;Remove Before Flight&#34; tag. Another dream. Unrealized.Curse you, Nike. Curse you.", "I don&#8217;t normally bother to write reviews on anything, but there are a lot of fake &#8220;reviews&#8221; and I want to actually give an honest review.  Yes, 3Gs may seem a little high but these shoes are worth every penny my loan shark gave me.  These babies actually form a barrier between your feet and the ground, not only protecting you from injury, but also provide some cushion with every step. Per the description, these are made from 100% authentic synthetic materials which are for durability and a comfortable fit&#8212;so much so that each shoe is custom-made: one shaped specifically for your left foot and another for your right. The added rubber outsole on the bottom gives the wearer additional stability and traction in rain or snow, courtesy of Nike&#8217;s cutting-edge technology. This is definitely a must-have for anyone who does a lot of walking to get where they&#8217;re going.  Case in point: I was forced to run 240 inches through the drizzling rain across the parking lot just to get to my gold-rimmed Hummer. At the end of this long journey, my feet remained totally warm, dry, and unscathed from shell casings and broken syringes.  The money I&#8217;d save from going to the ER or podiatrist alone makes these shoes worthwhile.Unfortunately from the ankles up, I got a little damp, but luckily I parked in a handicapped space and was dry before I arrived home 5 minutes later.  Point being you just can&#8217;t find anything like this at Wal-Mart.  I may only have 3 weeks left before the spine-crackers find me and break my legs, but I&#8217;ll look good during that ass beating and it&#8217;ll be worth every second.", "With these shoes, I am going to try out for the next NBA draft and be the biggest sensation since Linsanity! I will be the King and LeBron will grovel at my awesome moves and hang time! Phil will be begging me to play his triangle offense and lead the Knicks to a championship! Jordan will give me a piece of the Bobcats just to get me to play for his team. All the endorsement deals will make it worthwhile for me to sell my house just to get these shoes!", "Appears to me THAT the people with, I guess with educations, and well paying jobs, get the shoes.  However, I feel \"dat\" the people who have to use words like \"dat\", and have to steal girls & friend's money, not pay child support or loose anal virginity then they should take a better look in the mirror, get priorities in order and with words like \"dat\" an EDUCATION would be helpful (at least a dictionary)!!!", "After months of scrimping and asking for donations I had finally saved up $2999 to purchase and hand deliver mosquito nets and food stuffs for starving children in a far away village. Enough to last a month! But then I wondered... &#34;how am I going to survive the treacherous journey in these ridiculous $60  new balance sneakers? But what about my selfie with all the needy children. My facebook profile will be wanting!&#34;After purchasing these sneakers I was able to run faster, jump higher and breath easier. Food tasted better and girls looked at me like I was a greek god. Thanks NIKE!!!!", "Doctor told me it would be $3000 for the lap band/lipo combo. As I waddled out his door to the elevator with my head down in my tablet, I looked on Amazon.com for some new running shoes to support my heavy footsteps. I didn't want to face having to cut my body open to have the body I wanted.  My bottom lip and my double chin met as I fingered my touchscreen looking for salvation. Suddenly there it was, $3000, the same price I had been quoted for surgical transformation, only this time it was next to a galactically beautiful pair of uplifting sneakers. Oh YES! Add to cart! When they arrived and I opened the box, the light of the heavens gleamed from it and the angels sang. I slowly lifted them out of the box, glowing and shimmering to my feet.  With my new shoes pulsating on my feet, I walked to the mirror and saw my body 20 years younger. In a few steps, my legs toned, butt tightened, the rest of my body adjusted to match. Thanks Nike for saving me from the knife! To all the skeptics, just do it!", "Sure, I had to repo my car. And sure, I sold my son to an up and coming celebrity couple (they thought he was from China). But everything happens for a reason, right? Not everyone can hide their shame behind the stars on their shoes. BUT I CAN.", "I'm an amputee, so the seller was willing to cut me a deal on just the one shoe! 50 bucks off, baby! Now I can hop faster and higher than I ever could! Thanks, Nike! Those kids sure know how to make a shoe.", "I was able to solve multiple problems with these awesome shoe: One, I was not motivated to go to the gym with cheaper shoes and now I standout; Two, I overcame my inhibitions about taking money out of the basket when it was passed at church so I could take care of my needs first. Three, I was able to get a good price for my children on E-Bay so I can have back up pairs of shoes.  Fashion and Fitness come before food and family!  Toodles!", "Lol! Love these reviews ;) They must be fantabulous to be $3, 000.00. & Sold out, ;) Guess I better work, so popular they'll be $6, 000.00 ;)", "The moment I laid eyes on these shoes I knew they where the pinnacle of my existence on this planet. I immediately discarded my non for profit cancer research and the cure it bore knowing that humanity must suffer if these works of art do not caress my feet. Naturally I had no money so I stole Plutonium from the US and sold it do some Korean guy that wore a grey suit with too many pockets. I acquired radiation sickness and the wrath of the government. Somehow the shoes didn't cure my massive organ failure or the CIA from sending drones after me but it didn't matter cause I felt like I was so fly. The feeling is very similar to coughing blood.", "OMG this is PERFECT!! I have been trying to get my stepson to like me for over 12 years! No matter what I do I can never get his respect. But that is all going to change thanks to these wonderful, beautiful shoes!!!Day in and day out as he and his friends come through the house, they're always dogging each other about who has better shoes, although I can never tell the difference bc they all wear their pants so low that their boxers show. And I don't really understand why, because all the music they ever listen to is rap music about killing for shoes but, oh well, whatever. When he gets these shoes, he's going to be the envy of all his friends!!! HE IS GOING TO LOVE ME!!", "I couldn't bear to pay hundreds of dollars for a sneaker for so long, knowing the terrible conditions the child laborers had to endure to make these. But now that we're talking thousands of dollars, I can pay knowing I am comfortable that these children can now live in decent conditions and sign up for affordable health care...", "Apparently the Koch brothers have purchased their families sneakers. I guess we can all get on with our lives now.", "I sold my children to get these, but I can walk proud because my feet look great. The corns and chaffing these trainers gave me doesn't take away from the fact that my feet look like they are in their own universe.I can walk to my kids new parents house and feel confident that I have the best and most expensive shoes in the town", "My unborn son will realize why I traded him for these and will applaud me when he is older. Best decision ever", "Don't buy these shoes!! I bought these shoes so I could get laid. What I didn't know is that I was just lacking confidence. Wearing the shoes gave me the confidence I needed hit on women, flirt, make jokes, and ultimately get  some vagina time. The only thing is when I finally had that confidence, I still wasn't getting any action! I didn't know what could be wrong; I was smooth, I was charming, my kicks were off the chain... I slowly realized that women were not just not attracted to me, they were repulsed. I was told over and over \"Don't touch me like that\" or \"what are you doing down there, you creep?\" Or the worst \"Please don't hurt me\" during a bought of painful sobbing. Bottom line is I think women thought they were ugly. They killed my game and will mercilessly lay slaughter yours. Do not buy!!!", "As a primate with large feet, I figured Nike would make a large enough size for me. Not! Ordered the largest size they had and my toes still broke through the top! Do you know how long I waited near Mt. Rainer for these??And how many times I had accost the postman to make sure that I got my shoes?? Not worth the effort. I am now salmon fishing with them. - Bigfoot", "I love having these anacondas on my feet while I do the little Buffalo Bill dance from Silence of the Lambs with my johnson tucked tween mi legs.", "Unable to do much in these shoes!  They require specific and limited situations in which to be enjoyed. See this link for recommended use: http://youtu.be/HCrIY3c8R2A", "Been waiting for these for years, saving every penny.  Well, now, I have them all!  Yes, you heard it.  I purchased the entire production run of 5 pairs of shoes and they are all mine!", "Sweet Mephistopheles, these buskins wear devilishly thin,Some new footwear today, fetch me somein the new style, I think!", "When I first saw these I knew I could not rest until I owned them. Luckly I had been investing with Wu Tang financial and had been diversifing my bonds so the money was not an issue. When I got the shoes and put them on I was so elated that I just had to thank my financial advisors. I went to their appartment, wearing my fresh new kicks, but when I got there one of them saw me wearing them and got jealous. Trying to upstage my dope shoe game he cut off his d**k and then jumped off the balcony. Some people just cant deal with not being top dogg huh?", "While I don't spend a lot on my spaceships I needed a new one and thought hey might as well splurge here.  The cabin was spacey and the hull was intacked so what would I complain about.  While cruising around Spaceship Earth you sometimes need to get some lift off and these space ships have all that.  They allow for maximum foot to earth distance while keeping you full confident that you will return with a full bladder.  Only problem is when miscalculating trajectory sometimes maximum butt to earth distance reaches zero, and then pain to butt ratio increases exponentially to infinite.  Make sure you clean your space ships as they get dirty from foot to butt contact.Wait these are shoes?!!?", "At last, something to perfectly complement my $667 double-layered mesh and crepe Gucci T-shirt, my $810 Armani Anti-Fit Dark Wash Jeans and my $410 Prada wallet. Perfect way to dress if you don't want to look as if you are trying too hard.", "Not only are these shoes extra fly, they also take you to Narnia. All you have to do is wait until Wednesday, put them on, go into a closet and close your eyes, before you know it, BAM! you're there. Soon you'll be frolicking through magical meadows with Tumnus.", "Fate brought these shoes and I together, that is the only way I can describe it. I was sitting in the hospital waiting room one day, bored out of my mind, killing time while my mother completed her third round of cancer treatment when I happened across these gems. I couldn't hold it in from the moment I laid eyes on them. I looked over my shoulder, saw no one there so I began to pleasure myself. I heard a voice behind me, one of those droll, mind numbing voices that only come from someone in an authority position. He was saying something about the inappropriateness and what have you. I wasn't really listening because my eyes were glued to these swirling blue dreams. Still, he persisted. He just kept yammering on about my mom, \"blah, blah, blah, something not working, blah, blah, blah, only option, blah, blah, blah, experimental drug, blah, blah, blah, $3000.\" My heart sank. My mom had always been the most important person in my life ever since she pulled me out of that burning crib, then later gave me one of her kidneys. I had a choice to make, I could either pay for some pills that had just come out on the market, or place my order for these. I don't mean to drag the point on, the answer was obvious.I mean, don't get me wrong. I am going to miss my mom for sure. Probably think about her every time I slip these on... okay, just kidding I'm never taking them off. But still, when I really think about it, she said she would sacrifice anything for me. I think that was her secretly telling me she wanted me to buy them. Besides, he did say \"experimental drug\" so there's no proof it would have worked. I can sure prove these shoes work, just look at them for Christ's sake! The only problem I have, when it asks how they fit, \"orgasm\" is not an option. I only mention it because that is exactly what I did when I hit the \"complete purchase\" button on the hospital courtesy computer. You should have seen the look on the doctor's face, I don't know if it was approval or jealousy...lol!", "I wanted these shoes so badly that I got into the meth business.  Needless to say things got a little crazy, but these will always remind me of Walter...NIKE BITCH!!!", "I bought these shoes along with TWO pair of Google Glass-es thinking it would be enough to enable to fight crime. The first night on the job I jumped from my perch & yelled, \"Foamposite Avenger to the rescue\"Apparently the Foamposite doesn't stop kicks from 4th grade bullies because my shins are a wreck.I do not recommend these shoes at all.", "I have never been so disappointed in a product. I thought for sure this was the one thing I have been looking for. Heed my warning: Not for space travel. These shoes lasted seconds with rockets attached to them. I thought with the nebula pattern and Nike brand name that I could defy the laws of physics and travel through space. All my calculations pointed to these cleverly camouflaged space travel shoes. The product failed to live up to my expectations and my dreams.P.S.ISO 14 gallons of nuclear waste,  a quantum converter, Virgin goat, and one soul of a red headed European male.", "hmmm.. $3000 for something worth $1.50 both materials and labor...that makes sense...especially when ugly as sin.yep, better than anything Berluti, Harris, Lobb, et al could offer...not.if you like this, I can find you one, machine-made Fruit of the Loom t-shirt for $1,000 as well...", "I had the choice between going to Florida to meet the love of my life and spend the rest of our lives together in the most amazing of relationships, or purchasing these fabulous shoes.So OBVIOUSLY I went with the shoes. I really don't understand why she broke up with me for this, but I regret nothing because I have these shoes, and she does not. I think she was just jealous. I'm sure she'll come back to me.", "I was caught between purchasing one par of these babies or regular lame shoes for myself and my 4 year old daughter for the next 10 years or so.Duh. What kind of broke ass moron wouldn't go with these beauties?", "I bought these in the hope they would get me laid but where's the rest of the space suit? Should have spent money on a hooker instead.My virginity remains intact, good job I ordered the buzz lightyear suit, it's not over yet...", "Does **no one** understand the importance of having a diversified shoe portfolio anymore?  Everybody's all like, \"Man, those are some expensive and not even bitchin' shoes,\" and I'm like, \"Excuse me.  Take my card.  You will have questions.  Listen.  These are STATEMENT shoes.  These are the kind of shoes to leave to your CHILDREN for their SECURITY\" (and woe betide the little s***s if they try to touch one of them, but that's another story).Follow me closely.  Much as the Ferrari announces to the world that you've got a blonde in your stable, be she in the passenger seat right now or not, these shoes are for the discerning capitalist who doesn't want to have to SAY he's got it all.  He wants his shoes to announce his megalomania before he's even tripped over the threshold of the executive game in Vegas and they WILL DO IT.Eat your hearts out, suckers.  These shoes had more than you ever had before they were even laced up (which, by the by, is gonna set you back another couple C notes).", "i bought these shoes so i could start exercising and lose some weight.  but since i've had to quit eating, i'm too weak to exercise and have still lost 35 poungs  WIN-WIN!  i would like to be able to run though, the rats start to nibble my fingers when i'm sleeping in the park.", "I visited my neighbor every day for 2 months until I had enough money for these shoes. Now, my hands are tired, but my feet feel like they are walking on the most stylish pillows. My neighbor is mad that I never visit him anymore, but he can take care of himself. I had a dream, y'all, and I achieved it! They were worth everything!", "These are a must have and at $3000 they are an investment...like a work of art for your feet. I mean look at them...they should be painted in the place of God's finger in The Creation of Adam on the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel. Bravo Nike...you really know know how to speak to the soul of the American douche bag!", "Living in the city I've always found it challenging to grow an aloe Vera plant. Those terracotta pots are okay, but the material is solid and non obsorbant so frequent watering is a must. I've lost hours of my life watering plants that I can never get back. Then I saw these puppies. I knew the foamposite material would be ideal for long term hydration. I put my aloe plants in each shoe and it's like magic! I only water them once a month now because the foamposite holds excess water that slowly seeps into the dirt. Plus, there is so much room in the toes I know my plants have years of root growth before they will need a larger size. You may criticize me for the price, but to me, you can't put a price tag on healthy plant. Especially one that soothes sunburn. Highly reccomend for any plant enthusiast!", "I purchased these because I was sick of living and just wanted a pair of shoes that would last me till I was finally in the box.  I actually saved alot of money since I wasn't doing my chemo and with these shoes, I feel like a new man.  The doctors tell me that I've now got about 180 days left and I'm going to walk the soles off these things if I can.I'd suggest them to anyone considering the ever-after.", "So I waited and rubbed my genie lamp for months waiting on my wish to come true for these shoes. The point came when I could no longer contain my excitement for these reasonably priced shoes that would make me fly. After selling my 1970 AMC Gremlin, I only needed another $2450. I was well on my way. Two convenience stores, a dollar store, and a bank robbery later and I had all but the $12 to ship. Unfortunately I took a $20 payday loan which i failed to pay back on time. In turn a bench warrant was placed on my for writing false checks and I was thrown in jail for a month. When I got out my incredible reasonably priced shoes were waiting. The only thing was this rat living near my cardboard box ate the laces while I was away. The reason I only gave this product three stars is because when I ordered an extra set of laces they wanted to charge my 50 cents. Unbelievable! Do they think I am made of money? At least the shipping was free. I am still trying to figure out where the power unit is that makes me fly may be but I am sure I will figure it out through Google. Once I get airborne, the nonexistent comfort and horrendous looks will be well worth it. I recommend this to all!", "Buyer beware...the reason these shoes are so expensive is because nike scientist fused dark energy into the polymer sole but after only a few space walks...some of the dark matter leaked out and ate right through my sock. Now I cant find 3 of my left foots toes. I think they may have been transported to another dimension after contact with the escaped dark matter!  Come on Nike get it together! I tried to get refund and they told me to kick moon rocks. I didnt think that was funny...at all.", "I saw these shoes and HAD to have them. So I beat up the punk who was showing them off and took them. It was like a destiny thing, these shoes were my size and i looked fly.Afterward, I put them on and went to play hoops and that's when I found out they had magic powers and stuff. I could start hearing what people were thinking. I was better than lebron. I could dunk like I used to on my nerf hoop at home, and a guy saw me and said he cold hook me up with a scout. I am so EXCITED.Anyway, I'm heading home now and there is this light in the sky flying around that looks cool. Wait, I think it's a space ship or something like that. They are chasing me, I think for my shoes. Help! Someone Cal", "These only required a tiny bit of lube. The foamposite forms to fit every time. A Fleshlite has nothing on this and I must say it is worth the price if you are looking for a good blow job replacement. I was skeptical of the price at first, but once I figured out these were not for your feet I have since justified the price.", "Sold my wife's wedding set to buy these. Lost the left shoe in the ensuing divorce. I don't care though. My right foot has never looked so good. I've got a blind date tonight with a possible future ex-Mrs. and these should guarantee some loving.", "&#34;One shoe to rule them all...&#34;  I found this inscription on the sole, or should I say soul,  &#34;Ash shoe durbatulk, ash shoe gimbatul, ash shoe thrakatulk, agh burzum-ishi krimpatul.&#34;", "I only had to sell 10 rocks to my homies to get these fresh kicks!  They're so dope! Can't wait till I make the bigs as a gangsta rapper. Then I can buy 10 of these!", "I rubbed my junk on these zazzy shoes and turned into Channing Tatum for 6 hours! I'm not sure what happens if you're female? Or what to do if it lasts more than 6 hours. Results may vary.", "Every step in these shoes feels like 1/8th of an orgasm, just fantastic. But after 8 steps...it becomes problematic. 36 steps into my day and I have that sore, \"why did I think that was necessary\" feeling. After 64 I can barely move and have to call in sick. Now I only wear them for 8, maybe 16 steps right before bed to help me sleep.", "I am headed to the bank to take out a home equity loan to buy these for Mr. Takei.  These would go great with a Star Trek uniform.", "Stop b**ching cuz u quys don't have em. If you understood dat the quantity dat were produced were limited which makes the price qo up. You can sit here n debate whether its worth dat price or not but it all comes down to if ur a real sneaker head, dat will pay dat price to have em. Nothing comes between me n my sneakers. You can qet money anytime but you can't just qet any sneaker u want anytime. I look at it as an investment because as the years pass and sneakers qet older it makes it harder to qet, find, or less people have which makes people pay more of dat sneaker u saved for so lonq. Ohh yea I qot 3 pairs of these =P", "People wearing these in public would immediately compromise their personal security by exposing themselves as a gullible fools and/or idiots. You might as well tattoo F*** Me on your forehead, or draw a target on your Burberry T-shirt.", "As your average black guy......I cannot defeat the water temple... I had to sell my car and give up 1/4th of my GI Bill and welfare added together to get these little cop runners. Now I can finish the water temple in seconds and find Ganondorf's little bitch ass.", "When I saw these shoes for sale I HAD TO HAVE THEM! Unfortunately, I was unable to afford them.  However, my beloved grandmother had recently fallen ill, and would leave a significant sum of money several family members upon her passing. If I wanted the shoes, they all had to go.  My immediate family was easy to remove.  I offered to cook a meal and laced it with some very toxic chemicals (even a trace amounts in my own serving to prevent suspicion).  My relatives became suspects and were all disinherited and I became the sole benefactor.  I then chose to turn off the life-support for dear grandmother, but with her passing I finally inherited the necessary funds.  I immediately purchased these shoes, and they are the BEST shoes I have ever owned.  They are stylish, comfortable, and fit perfectly.  Totally worth all the costs!", "I thought the shoes would enable me to fly. Or make me look 20 years younger. Or at least cure my arthritis.", "Was it because I failed to remove the tag? When I first stepped off the roof , I thought I was flying. But the \"up\" function did not work optimally. However, the \"ouch\" mode is stellar.", "I did take them off a guy who happened to have had a tragic, skull trauma, in the alley behind my house, recently.  I wear size thirteen so they don't fit, but the price was just fine.  For me.", "As a member of the %1 I'm loath to even dirty my hands writing this review, but I ought to remind you peasants that for those of who don't own a car elevator or have your names on a tower $10,000 is a pittance.  Do you poors suggest that companies ought not cater to our needs as well?  After all, when the destruction of the middle class is complete in 2023 there will only be the 1% to purchase goods and services.  It is a smart business practice for companies to start ONLY worrying about our needs now before they fall behind!!", "Perfect fit for crushing hopes and dreams! In my job as human resources interviewer we need to find new innovative ways to inflict the most pain to the candidates. With these badasses I can stomp on their resumes just in front of their eyes and send them back home with a resume they can frame and hang on the wall.Only downside is that they need to be washed with babies' tears on a daily basis to preserve the freshness after every crushed dream. Totally worth the buy tho.", "I feel somewhat guilty about this purchase, because obsessing over SHOES can't be healthy, right? For example, the other night I was staring transfixedly at the Amazon product page for these glorious, foamtastic zapatos, when my cell phone rang. Turned out to be a late-night call from my old high school exchange student pal, Vladi Putin. Vladi sounded uncharacteristically sensitive as he made small talk for a couple of minutes...then he asked me what I thought he should do about this whole Crimea-Ukraine mess he's gotten himself into. Normally I try to be a good sounding board, since he doesn't really have any real confidants there in Kremlin-Town, but I'm ashamed to confess I paid scant attention to whatever Puti was blathering about...All I could concentrate on was the no-doubt ecstasy my tired feet would experience, a veritable foamgasm, when I slipped those puppies on and headed out to the recycling bin. I'm no Lebron James, but when it comes to sorting my recyclables I've been known to make up to five trips PER DAY to the side yard. That takes a toll on a dude's arches and Plantar's Fascia, boy howdy! Vladi must've sensed I wasn't completely focused on his &#34;issues&#34;, because he threw in a comment about &#34;sending nuclear weapons to Iran&#34;. Fortunately for our friendship, the computer page had just refreshed, so I caught the nuke bit...Told him &#34;It is what it is&#34;, which is my stock answer when folks at work are droning on about &#34;Game of Thrones&#34; or other trivial stuff. Vladi might have taken that to mean I supported all the crazy shenanigans he's been pulling, since he sounded more like his Wolf of Wall Street self when he shouted, &#34;DoSvedanya, bitches!&#34; and hung up.So that's been bugging me a bit while I sit in my living room, eating canned herring while watching for the UPS truck to deliver the very best shoes ever conceived by mortal men...or women. Do you think these Nike Air Foamposite One's will look okay with tan dockers?", "My family left me after I purchased these even after I told them it would be worth it to buy. Their loss. These shoes are not your normal street kickers. Tap them together while wearing them and you are suddenly transported into a place in the universe where everything is wonderful and happy. Sure, the LSD my brother-in-law gave me without my knowledge added to the effect, but now I know all I need is my wonderful new shoes and I need nothing else. So take that, family.", "What idiots would pay that much for an ugly ass shoe like that?  I would break up with my boyfriend if he showed up in a pair of shoes that looked that dorky, not to mentiion the how ridiculously overpriced they are. I'd rather he wear Birkenstocks.  These outdo Birkenstock ugly.  FUGLY!!!!  Nike STILL uses sweatshops to produce this grossly overpriced dreck.  You have to pay more than what the workers make in a year for the Nike Swooshstika.", "With the rising cost of fuel, foood, and daily living, I knew I was never going to afford these shoes. But with hard work, Perseverance, and giving blowjobs to the 400 other dads at the PTA meeting, I finally afforded a pair! Completely worth the wait and the work.", "I sold 10 pints of blood, my arm, and leg for these babies! Well worth the price! Will be wearing them to my funeral.", "Awesome only $997,000 left to spend in the next 30 days and that $300 million is all mine. All I have to do is drop them in one of those homeless people clothes diving donation boxes in the next 29 days and I'm all set. Oh wait I wasn't suppose to tell anyone. I didn't tell any of you this! Don't tell the lawyers or my account, Angela!  ~ Montgomery \"Monty\" Brewster", "Told my wife to hit the streets and turn them tricks, I needed these kicks. After a few weeks I had the cash, minus the money spent on STD treatments. Overall well worth the expense.", "I'm standing on my doorstep admiring these amazing Nike trainers, Although I am being distracted slightly by the Bailiffs who are removing my furniture and 50&#34; widescreen TV and other sundry items, but I care not.....Not even the eviction notice continued to upset me when these beauties arrived....I simply cannot stop staring at them, well worth non payment of rent and when you've got these shoes on who cares ??????Got to go now the Bailiff has no idea how much these are worth......shhshshshs", "You fools go ahead and buy now. I'll laugh all the way to the bank when these sweet kicks show up on the Amazon Gold Box Deal of the Day for a 12% savings. You can't argue with savings.", "I'm gonna make this nice and simple:Bought shoesKnocked Chuck Norris, Rocky Balboa AND Mike Tyson all out in one AT THE SAME TIME!Now they all have a shrine to me and feed me grapes while I lounge around in a white robe.Nuff said!", "At first try-on, I was whelmed. Not overwhelmed, but not underwhelmed either. I figured, eh, I wasn't using all that extra blood plasma anyway, and these shoes seem pretty decent for 3 G's. But imagine my surprise and delight when I was running in terror for my life, relentlessly pursued by those gangs of shoe thieves you hear about on tv these days, and I reached the banks of a river -- to discover I could escape my would-be assailants by WALKING ON WATER. Yes, you heard it here folks: These shoes are the best you'll find this side of the Sea of Galilee. Since my miraculous experience the other day, I've used these babies for a trip to outer space, where I enjoyed Walking on the Moon, before coming back down to earth for a trip South, where I found myself Walking in Memphis. Truly, these shoes were made for walking, everywhere.", "Especially designed for the person who has far too much money.... and no access to cocaine. Or maybe a combination of both?", "It didnt get me to where I wanted to go. I just dont understand...I spent so much money...and nothing but a pair of nikes that dont do jack.I wanted to travel the intergalactic superhighway. ..i wanted to walk down the yellow brick road. I wanted to fly. I believed in this product...and all it got me was shame and woe. Shame on you Nike for killing me softly.", "I put them on and it's like...it's totally like I'm REALLY in that nebula, you know? Like, wow.... You know? Just wow.", "Let me say I sold my2002  chevy impala wit da police ppackage! !! To get these mah G and man what! dezz shoes so fly I just float into the air with every step its crazy son!! Yea and all the 2 dollar hoes hoodratsbitches love the boy shoe game. they make sure I keep my shoes on when I smash... so get dezz dawg  no regrets yolo", "I ordered it when it was on sale for $3,000 (usually it's around $10,000). The only problem was, they only shipped one shoe! I notified Amazon about it, and they told me to notify the reseller. So I notified the reseller, and they said that was the deal, and if I wanted a full pair, I'd have to order another one. I figured hey, I'm still saving $4,000! So I took a second mortgage since I already dipped into my daughter's college fund for the first shoe, and ordered the second shoe for another $3,000.However, they shipped for the same foot! My wife told me I always had two left feet, but now I also have two left shoes to go with them. :(I can't return them for a refund because I can't afford the 15% restocking fee, so, if anyone has two right shoes and wants to trade one of them for a left shoe, let me know!", "These shoes are great for dancing on the backs of the poor!! Also they are stain resistant which is nice after a night of chasing down the homeless and kicking them until they stop twitching.If you can't afford them then YOU are what is wrong with America!!", "I only have to (illegally) sell 500cc's more of bone marrow and these bad boys will be mine! I can't wait!  I may be too weak to wear them but they will be MINE!", "At first I was a little surprised by the hefty $3,000.00 price. But then, I realized Nike must have been good corporate parents and given those children in that third world country who make these lovely gems, a decent cost of living increase, to a full Five Cents per pair to manufacture.  You can't expect the company to lose money on the deal!", "It's a pity these weren't around in 1997, because all the good people in Heaven's Gate would be riding Hale-Bopp to glory right now. Don't get me wrong, Nike Decades were respectable shoes, but that and $5.75 just won't cut it these days. If you want to party with the big boys... or whatever those extraterrestrials are, you need these shoes!", "So I have this medical issue that contributed to my incessant need to urinate.  However, after purchasing and wearing these shoes, I no longer have to constantly go the bathroom.  Or maybe it's the fact that I haven't had running water in my house for the last 3 weeks.  I don't know.  Did I also mention that they make my butt look smaller?", "At last!  A product that shows people I'm richer and better than them while I'm in my casual wear!  Sure, when I'm pulling up to the club, they know by the blinding reflection of my bling and the loud revving of my custom Hummer with 30\" Spinners, but what about when I'm working out at the gym or just jogging around Brentwood?  I always try to wear very expensive sunglasses (especially when indoors), but I worry that people may mistake them for knock-offs.  Imagine having to go around yelling at everyone you jog past on the street or pump iron next to that you're richer than them!  I did that for years, and it really messed up my breathing rhythms and strained my voice.  I eventually bought a solid gold loudspeaker, but that turned out to be rather cumbersome.  And the sky-writer I hired was even less effective, since I still had to shout at people that I was the guy with the \"balls you're not fit to spit-shine.\"  I was running out of options, and the worry was negatively affecting my \"me time.\"  But then, like a gift from Myself, the heavens opened up, and down flew a beautiful Foamposite phoenix, which landed at my naked feet.  I quickly set it ablaze, and after a horrible death, out of the ashes rose a pair of Nike Foamposite Ones.  Now, there is no mistaking the value of my soul.  My days of screaming, \"I'm the pinnacle of existence!\" throughout the office on casual Fridays are over!Walking over humanity on a cloud of foam,Filthy Rich Enormous Penis Man", "When I first saw these, I knew I had to have them. $3000 for shoes they must be amazing. After all, they were everything one could possibly want in a shoe. Galaxy doo-doo, check! Misty covered soles of mystery, check! Comfort of Godliness, righto! I was working days on end, and ended up using one of those beer-hats for my fix of coffee around the office -  everyone thought I was nuts - but I knew it was worth it, until I found these &#34;NIKE AIR YEEZY 2 NRG Style# 508214 MENS&#34; ... $7000 for a shoe! That's got to be the most amazingest shoe ever!", "I got these three sizes too large for a reason, you know what they say about telling about a man and his manhood by his shoes!  Well apparently the price tag was so large it sent the message I was over-compensating for something - surely not my checkbook?!  The next time I have to decide on life-saving surgery for my partner or a pair of $3,000 shoes I am going for the surgery, because now I'm single with very few prospects for a date!  But boy these sure look good when I'm walking Santa Monica Blvd trying to pull tricks for my next pair!", "I used to have one son but after I saw these shoes I decided that having two of something is much better than one. The slave trader haggled a lot but after a night with my wife I could finally sell him my boy. My wife has left me but hey, she doesn't sparkle like these Nikes!", "It has been an experience just basking in the glow of others' incredible stories in relation to this fine product. I was completely moved. I laughed, cried, and damn near died. This thread should be made into a movie.", "Somewhere on Hollywood Boulevard, there's a hooker looking for the shoes of her dead pimp.  However, let me just say that if Jesus were walking the Erf today, he would not be wearing Birkenstocks.  No sir, he'd be fashioning this $3k pair of majestic slam dunk assistants.  Yes, when I wear these shoes, I find myself running faster than &#34;The Flash.&#34;  Moreover, I jump so high, I can high five The Holy Spirit.  Wearing these shoes is better than having bad sex...like an orgasm for the feet.  Look at the side profile.  Ribbed...for your pleasure.  I'm surprised the price is so remarkably low.  At only $3000, these are quite the bargain.  Shame there's only one pair left.  I can imagine myself loading a dump truck filled with them, if only to have a lifetime supply.  Can I get an AMEN?!?", "Clear evidence that the Fed (and UK Chancellor) are conspiring with nike to impose a tax on stupidity.. Cigs and Gas guzzlers already attract it so why not fashion? These cost 50p to make in some Indian sweatshop, so I make that a 99.99999% tax. Well done guys! Now how about cosmetics, alternative medicine and Portsmouth Football Club?", "When I first saw these I said, &#34;Out of this world!&#34;  And I wasn't saying that just about the design; I was really thinking more about the price.  I mean, who pays this much for a sneaker?  But then I read closely.  You get TWO SNEAKERS (not just one).  I would say that these would be too pricey if there was only one shoe in the box, but there are two!  So right up my alley price-per-shoe wise.And for the guy complaining about the $12 shipping - dude, you get TWO sneakers!Now, I need to sell a lot of things to get these, like my worldly possessions and my dignity, but it's (excuse me ... THEY'RE) worth it!", "This amazing shoe is a must buy on anybodies list. I got a pair of these and they fit perfectly and are extremely comfortable. It feels like I was running on air. The police had no chance of catching me. I even out ran their police car, I felt like a God. Jesus then appeared in front of me and we wearing the same shoes. I think I cried.", "You know whut? The plutonium for my death ray can wait. I gotta have these!!!! Its hard out here for a villain.", "I still recall that day a long, long time ago. I had on a pair of original Nike Air Jordans. They were noticed by a local gang of roving thugs. With faces covered they descended on me and attacked with what looked like a really strange baton, almost a spear or a night stick of sorts. They knocked me out and when I came to they had taken my Nikes. Thankfully a guy named Ben happened to notice the attack. He was kind enough to prevent them from taking my ride as well. Ben took me to his place and it was there that he gave me a pair of NIKE AIR FOAMPOSITE ONE NRG Style# 521286 Size: 10 M US MENS. He told me that they were slightly too small for him, and really a bit too flashy with the stars all over the side. I heard that they had been a gift from an old student of his. Ben showed me plenty of cool weapons, but he talked way too much for my taste. To shut him up, and to thank him, I offered to buy him a drink at our local Cantina. That may have been a mistake because I don't think he could hold his liquor very well. I mean next thing I know he is slicing off some guy's arm with his glowy sword. Long story short pretty soon I'm running from the law and jumping onto some pirate cruiser during a vicious gun battle. But thank goodness I had my NIKE AIR FOAMPOSITE ONE NRG Style# 521286 Size: 10 M US MENS. Otherwise I may have cut my foot on a rock, and today you'd be reading about law enforcement taking me to the hospital to get stitched up before I was hauled off to jail as an accomplish to assault.  These shoes can very well save your life, they saved mine! Trust me, these are the shoes you're looking for!", "I just skipped the middle-man and dipped my feet into molten gold !  Cheaper and a much more comfortable fit  !!", "Almost instantly after putting these on I feel a sense of euphoria. These shoes feel like they where not made by an 11 year old Chinese boy for a nickel but feel like they where hand woven by the Roman God Mercury himself. I mean these shoes are expensive but well worth the price believe me. I sold my 2002 Chevy Impala for these shoes and let me just say that I didn't regret doing so one bit, I mean sure it might take me an extra hour and a half to get to work in the morning but when you're local highway hobo says &#34;you've got some nice kicks&#34; you feel like you want to run up to him and give a big smooch on the lips (and I did). I haven't eatin a full meal in the past week, either has my dog but when put these Foams on all feelings of hunger and nausea are rid from my body.All in all, I happily recommend these shoes to anyone, in a few weeks i plan on selling my spleen to a Yugoslavian merchant just so i can buy my dog a pair too, because a gift like these should be shared.", "I can tell you now, this is the best shoe ever made, oh my god the comfort and the universe at your feet!, It was well worth our eviction! Sometimes my little child complains if we are ever going to eat or have a roof over our heads again, but it was definitely worth it! It's a must have!", "As unfortunately is always the case I came to the party too late. It took me a while to find a respectable surgeon on the Silk Road, and even longer to figure out how to convert shillings and pence into bit coins. I thought it would all be worth it so I could be the talk of the town with these majestic shoes.But now I get here, less a kidney, but with lots of bit coins, and they are no longer available.Now every time I struggle to pee I'll just have to wonder what could have been.", "Some of us would gladly sell our SOLES for a pair of these shoesThe line forms here don't look back take the leap", "I'm just saying - if you're looking for a pair of shoes to wear to your village's next public flogging, hanging, quartering, or burning over water (or, if it's a really good day, all of the above), these are the shoes for you.  I've worn mine to three different floggings, one hanging, and six all of the above, and my feet felt so much better than when I used to wear my old Sketchers.", "Until you actually purchase these shoes you won't understand. We were commissioned by Mr. George Takei to create a shoe that would take a man to \"place no man had gone before\". We assumed he was referring to style of course and so we combed the galaxy for the most pleasing starscape available. There was no way to know that the collection of stars that we chose would serve as a time-travel and inter- dimensionary portal! Our first product testers took awhile (ten years to be exact, the smell was overwhelming upon they're return) to realize that they had to click they're heels together to return but did they have stories to tell. Of course, they had lost they're minds completely but since then we've managed to create a guidance system that is built into the shoe, and that extra feature has excellerated the price. So...there you go. Become Hermes. Explore the farthest reaches of possibility. Then you can come back and apologize for mocking our shoe. Take credit where credit is due Mr. Takei, eventually the truth will come out.", "Sure these shoes are pricey but you get what you pay for. I worked 60 hours a week all year long and I finally was able to purchase these shoes. I put them on and you could immediately tell these weren't your average $60 sneakers. They may have the same amount of form, comfort, shape and performance but they are WAY more stylish. Like $3,000 stylish.Sometimes my daughter complains, though. She'll say things like \"Are we going to eat tonight\" and \"I'm tired of sleeping in the street\" but then I just show her my awesome Nikes and she shuts her little bitch mouth.Great shoes, do recommend!!", "I've been trying to beat Slytherin in the House Cup for some time. Recently they've been slaughtering us with their Nimbus 2013 broomsticks and their fabulous trainers. But then I splashed out on a pair of these for everyone in the team.And wow! See how they fly! Not only have we won the house cup, we've also vanquished Voldemort and become VERY popular with the local witches. Let's just say that my wand hasn't been away since I bought them. Worth every GalleonThanks Nike!", "These shoes are totally worth the $3000. Nike only paid ten cents to the child who made these. Those kids really know how to make comfortable shoes. Their hands are small enough to make little stitches so I don't get blisters.", "This product is great!!! Usually when I want someone to know I'm a dunce, I wear this big hat with a tip that gets knocked off when I board the bus to my minimum wage job. Then I found these shoes. Now I don't need to wear my hat and worry about buses or low doorways, I can comfortably proclaim what I am. Hurray!!! Nike and Michael Jordon are my heroes.", "When I was a child I asked my mother I would walk on the moon. She replied I'd need a pair of moon shoes and fly to the moon ... 20 years later saw these shoes thinking be best thing ever . Well turns out white man can't jump to the moon whit these on cause of the gravity of these shoes ... So I made a homeless person a very happy he now is a proud owner of moon shoes and turn out white homeless person can jump to the moon if high on drugs .... Worst shoes ever !!!", "They're only available in size 10?!? Just my luck! Here, I have $6,000 in shoe money earmarked for this specific pair, and I wear 12s! Discrimination against me and my gargantuan feet is what this is. I'll sue nike, and they will give me these shoes in my size, and free their slaves. Yes, a victory for me, and the wretched downtrodden! And i want purple laces, too.", "I'm a 5'5\" female... and I'm white. I used to cry myself to sleep at night at the discrimination I felt about not being able to join the NBA. I knew I had what it took to be playing in the big leagues along side Dwayne Wade and LeBron James. Sure, I can't make a layup or dribble without losing the ball, but I had passion. So, I sold my little brother to the sweat shop in Pakistan where they make these sneakers and I got a free pair. Thank you America! You are truly a country that inspires hopes and dreams at any cost.", "I expected to be able to jump into the the universe of Slam Jam with kicks this slammin' but I was unable to join Michael Jordan and the rest of the Toon Squad on the b ball court tonight.Highly disappointed!0/slam0/jam", "I finally harvest my field of poppies and sold my opium tar to Taliban, I buy these shoes and am now Big Man in Pastun Valley! I wear these while grazing goats outside Kabul, and feel very nice. With these shoes, I'm sure I can get married to local warlord daughter! (She is only 14, but that is old in Afghan years).", "I bought these shoes for a trip on the Neil's Cosmos Imaginary ship, but I am now on the run from Men In Black. At least I can run faster.", "If they sell a bunch of these the little Asian kids that made them in the nice factories get to eat better right? Count me in!", "As expensive as a DUI but way more comfortable.  I appreciated the ergonomic cushioning on my feet when I ditched my car and ran from the cops.  Five stars!", "I was so stoked to receive the most notorious pair of shoes since Dorothy's ruby red slippers. When I opened the box and got my first glance, I truly could feel how John Travolta must have felt in Pulp Fiction when he opened the mysterious briefcase and saw what I can only assume was the glowing light of the soul of Jesus Christ, himself. This created a minor inconvenience in that I immediately lost control of my bowels and had to make a mad dash to my ivory-adorned master bathroom to tidy myself up a bit. After showering in my 20'X20', granite-inlaid shower stall and rinsing away the feces with the Fiji water that I have pumped directly into my home from a pipeline in the Fijian Islands, my staff of former Victoria's Secret models dressed me in my most luxurious Italian silk garments and I made a second attempt at simply gazing at these glorious shoes. Relieved that I did not lose control of my bodily functions this go-around, I was able to slip comfortably into the amazing feat of footwear which Nike had provided me. I instantly felt as though my feet were wrapped in the clouds of the heavens. I then decided it was time to go show off my newest addition to my collection of literally thousands of shoes. Making my way down my marble staircase it seemed as though I was floating, rather than taking steps. Each stair felt alive beneath me, as though some benevolent spirit recognized the footsteps of a god. Upon entering my 5-car garage, I decided upon the Lamborghini as opposed to the Maybach, as the Lambo gave me an opportunity to utilize 3 pedals, rather than 2, thus giving me more of a chance to utilize these shoes that at some point Jesus would have worn in his day. This is when the problems began. To my dismay, the size and flexibility of the shoes impeded my capacity to effectively operate the clutch and brake pedals of the least-affordable of the vehicles in my arsenal. Bah! If I can't operate the pedals in this clunker of an automobile with these shoes, they must be worthless. I managed to drive home successfully, park, walk the 190 yards to my California-king-sized bed, undress and -although furious at the fact that what I presumed to be the end-all, be-all of footwear were worthless to me- managed to sleep. When I awoke, I realized that the experience was little more than an elaborate dream, pushed my obese wife off of me, dressed myself in my cut-off jean shorts, fixed myself a bowl of Ramen noodles, put on my Converse Chuck Taylor's, got in my 87 Honda Civic and drove (without problems) to my job as an assistant manager at Carl's Jr. I hate my life. But I have no problems shifting gears in my Chuck's, and that's all that really matters, right?", "One more donkey show and these babies are all MINE!!! Vag is kinda hit though. And I walk kinda funny. But SO worth it!!!", "Are these shoes literally aircraft? That is why they put a [terrible rip-off]  &#34;Remove Before Flight&#34; tag on it, right?  Sign me up for one set of super-cool jet feet.", "Years ago whilst traipsing through the wilds of the lower Amazon.  I found a little tribe of people who had been raising Flying Pigs for more than a millennia.  After months of cleaning flying pig crap they allowed me to take one home to Canada.  I bought a pair of these shoes so I would look great whilst gliding behind Charlotte up on the Arctic.  Great buy!!  Highly recommend these!", "When I was a wittle boy, my mommie was nice. She found me in a garden under a cabbage leaf and weeded me for her very own. By the time I was five I had to wait in the car while she was helping my uncle with his math homework inside the motel. That is when I first saw the blue ribbons on a beer can. Wow, I thought, now there is a fancy thing. After my seventieth uncle passed his math test, it was time to build a rocket out of the blue ribbon cans. I went to the homeless man on 3rd Avenue (he is good at math, mommie said) to ask if he ever was on the moon. He said he wanted to smoke. This one time my auntie smoked, but now she don't because she borrowed too much sugar and had no money so we don't give her sugar no more. I can't touch the sugar because mommie said it is for her and uncle. The straw looks funny on the mirror when the sugar is gone. Getting my new shoes was good because I have low self a steam, mommie says. When the nice uncle man from the amazon motel gave me my shoes I showed all my imaginary friends and they don't care if we have to go to motels when I'm sleepy and only want a krispy kreme. So you can buy these shoes too, cuz your steam might be low too. I can have my uncle bring them to you, but please don't make him do math, cuz you won't like what it does to his pants, I think he might need an operation or visit my auntie maybe, cuz she got low blood sugar now and has to take a court ordered medicine. Have you seen my doggie?", "These shoes totally helped me outrun my husband when he got the credit card bill and saw the Amazon charge! Thanks, Nike!", "Chuck Norris did not pay money for these shoes, these shoes paid money for one night on Chuck Norris' feet.", "Wearing these shoes in combination with the 3 wolf 1 moon shirt, I noticed that people feel compelled to fall to their knees in my presence. I can't say I dislike it.", "THESE ARE FAKE SAVE YOUR MONEY THERE NOT THE RIGHT COLOR AND THESE WERE MADE IN CHINA NIKE DONT MAKE SHOES IN CHINA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", "Although I have a small penis, I do have a massive ego.  These shoes provide me with everything that I am lacking.", "Jumping junipers Batman!  After spending this much, I've come to realize that white men still can't jump.  I did go with the shoe alarm add-on; I was thinking maybe the Pee-Wee Herman padlock and chains too but that might weigh me down.", "These must be the Holy Sneakers.sought by the Knights of the Round Table. I put these on my feet and found I could walk on water. My son knelt and touched them and was cured of his churlishness. He even did his homework without our nagging. Miraculous and absolutely worth the 3,000 pieces of silver asked. Highly recommend.", "... after having been on back order for months.  Bottom line: they're NOWHERE near as good as all the reviews said they were.  They don't fit, they make my feet smell, they leave marks on the floor.  And they've done nothing to improve my game.I bought these based on all the positive reviews I read.  I can only assume that the positive reviews are being written by shills for Nike -- that's how bad these shoes are.  I'm planning to take Nike to court to get my money back.  I'm also planning to sue for punitive damages, naming all the positive reviewers as defendants.  See you all in court!", "Handles great, really good mpg, cheap tax, great runner, now excuse me while I go and review some really expensive nikes I bought when I was pissed, wore them once to a party dressed as a spaceship also when I was pissed, then got the s*** kicked out of me for looking like a prick and spending 3000 bucks on a pair of shoes, by my mum.", "These shoes were so flashy-looking and expensive that at first I thought they were made by Apple. I thought $3k was far too expensive.  But at the sale price of $2999.95, I was IN!  I know how to spot a bargain.It seems Nike has jumped on the &#34;conspicuous consumption&#34; bandwagon and have finally come up with a pair of shoes to rival any and all challengers.  And they're not just regular tennis shoes.  No.  My favorite feature is the optional web browser.  The shoe generates its own wi-fi signal too.The shoelaces, however, are made from the tendons of deceased sweatshop children.  That's right:  children DIED to make these shoes available to you.  It would be disrespectful not to buy them.Will owning a pair of these shoes make you a better person?  Of course not.  But owning TWO pair will!  So get on it, smart shoppers.  Get 'em while they last.With every pair purchased, Nike CEO Phil Knight can dispense with one Viagra pill.", "After evicting the old woman who lived in the right shoe, as well as all her damn kids, I realized it was surprisingly spacious. And, after some minor reno, better than my condo. I was able to sublet the left shoe to a nice couple from Demoines.Unfortunately, I financed the shoes using an adjustable rate mortgage and Nike is starting foreclosure proceedings and it looks like I may be losing the shoes. I guess I shouldn't have purchased during the height of the sneaker bubble. Who would have thought that the ugly, ridiculously overpriced basketball shoe market would ever lose value and prove a poor investment?", "At first I was like $3000 well that seems a tad over priced, til you put these vagina magnets on. I have never been laid so much! They made my looks, personality, and penis significantly better. So I replaced my avatar on Twitter, Facebook, tinder, pof, ldssingles, match, etc with a picture of just these shoes on my feet. I had to sell my car to get them, but I was like hello I biked around as a kid. So I bought a huffy, and now I have that, AND THE SHOES! Totally worth it, I highly recommend them!", "I always wanted a pair of shoes that I could wear so that when I held my feet up to the sky (or pictures of deep space), they would appear invisible. Now this dream has been answered. From the correct angle, whenever I go running, walking, playing kabaddi at night you just cannot see my feet. Imagine the endless possibilities now open to me, You can't put a price on answering a dream, although Nike have.", "I was about to laugh at the price of these shoes, but when I saw &#34;100% Authentic&#34; in the description, I knew I had to have them.  Upon receiving these shoes, I threw them on and was instantly taken away to a 100% Authentic dream world of magic, unicorns, wizards and Nike.  I woke up thousands of miles away from my home.  I was covered in glitter and some goo I HOPE wasn't from the unicorn.  Regardless, anyone who can afford it, can get a credit card or has children to sell, you're doing yourself a dis-service by not having these 100% Authentic shoes.  Buy...these...shoes.  100% Authentic.", "These shoes are amazing! When i saw these shoes, i knew i jad to buy them. Sure, there expensive, but i won't miss my nipples, left nut, and my parents. Sometimes my friends think i'm stupid for having these shoes, but what do a couple of rats in my sewer know about style. Definite buy.", "Nike - $2999 china sweatshops -$1... You could see the entire universe looking at these babies. Too bad they are sold out.", "If you look at the second image, the black heel arch is completely different in size and in shape. The color, on the original sneakers, is also very vibrant and has a high gloss finish. On the consumer image, it is extremely dull and has no such definition. Buyer beware.", "Let me just start by saying that these shoes are worth any price.  Found these on here and was shocked of the price but I fell in love.  I would call blue and purple color pattern super psychedelic.  It's kind of like that part in Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory when they're on that boat going through the trippy tunnel.  Yeah like that.  Well I didn't have no cash to buy these kicks.  I found these guys online to\\hat said they'll buy organs for 4 grand each.  A few days later, I'm laying in my boxers on a plastic tarp on the floor of a hotel room in Shanghai.  A few hours later, my kidneys out and I'm on my iPhone on my flight back ordering these kicks.  2 days later, they show up and they look sweet like a brand new Escalade.  Well that wiped out my savings and I have to rent my wife out every night to lonely businessmen.  She came to me today saying she was sick and couldn't do it anymore but I showed her that genuine Nike swoosh and sent her back out to work again.  Like Nike says, just do it!", "Ya dig? I mean, like what better way to influence a cool minority like me than to offer sum kicks with such fly ghood piffness yet such unreachable affordability, u feel me?", "After flying to the edge of the milky way, I realized with these shoes, I could go much farther.  So, I got out of my rocket, and ran to the other side of the universe.", "I was on my deathbed with cancer of the cokandballs, when my godmother fitted this Jesus-like Jerusalem cruisers onto my feet.Immediately my blood pressure rose, my MRI scans came out negative, I had a very strange but pleasant erection, and I was let out of the hospital the next day.Unfortunately, as soon as I walked out of the hospital (USC In Los Angeles) I was mugged and beaten and these shoes were stolen.  I am now on my deathbed again because the beating was so severe.", "I thought at least I would be able to walk on water....... Even the laces got soggy. There was no choir of angels nor were there a fanfare announcing my every step", "Be super careful where you buy these from. I highly suggest Amazon or Nike website. Otherwise you'll end up with just a regular 60$ Nike sneaker with extra foam and a cool cosmos design on the sides!! Lesson learned!", "I bought two pair, one for me and one for my cat.  His are a little too small for him to fit his entire body, but we love them anyway, don't we, Mr. Whiskers, my little lovey boo-boo.  They really rock his gangster outfit AND his jogging suit.", "It's been years attending comicon and I've always been dressed to impress...hobbit, star trooper, you name it. But Now! I have something to wear for those competitive pick up basketball games!", "So, there I was. Desperately in need of a great pair of shoes. And suddenly like an angel, these appeared before me. After the sticker shock, I realized, I never do anything for myself. So I did the only thing a rational person could do. I sold my mobile home, and bought these shoes.I stood out in front of my old home waiting for them to arrive, and when they finally did, the anticipation to put them on was so overwhelming I burst into tears immediately.I slid my feet into them, and the feeling blew me away. The sky opened. Trumpets blew. A unicorn appeared before me wearing a butterscotch saddle. I climbed on, and flew to the clouds.Despite being homeless 2 days prior, I was finally at home again. My new place is so much better. Ibe moved in next to Bigfoot, and the Loch Ness Monster. Rumor has it Elvis lives down the street. Best part... everyone LOVES my new kicks.Pricy sure, But who can put a price on a dream come true? Not me.", "I bought these incredible, galactic feet bling hoping to get some action. Within just a few minutes of walking around downtown ... I got noticed! People started approaching me with shouting and arm waving. I mean ... I got rough hugs, high fives to the face, fist pumps to the gut, you get the picture.They must have been with some charitable organisation because they took my wallet and my phone and other valuables on my person.But hey ... at least they left me the shoes! Can't wait to finish my recovery at the ER and hit the streets again. Thank you Nike!!!", "I bought these with my weekly allowance. I was non plused at first however when I was forced to kick the crap out of my mom's mouthy house maid, they quite literally hit the spot! Just the thing for a young regal man on the go!", "My prosthetic feet feel like a million in these shoes, and the foam cushioning keeps them from wearing down.  It used to be a bit difficult for me to run out to the mailbox, but now I feel as if I am tripping the light fantastic!!  Well, metaphorically speaking that is, since prosthetic feet don't really feel anything, but regardless, they make me feel so good everyone wonders if I got a new haircut, or something.", "I have no idea why I am always drawn to the most expensive shoe in the store. Happens every single time. You would think they could put a little style in the discount, under $2,000 models.", "When I first saw these sneakers I knew I had to have them. Naturally I sold my other shoes, and my wife's shoes to help pay for them this past summer (she wasn't happy, but eventually understood). I was excited when they arrived, but an unforeseen problem came up shortly after... I was too nervous to wear them, so I didn't. Before long, I found myself declining social invitations, and staying inside for fear of ruining the best sneakers ever. When winter came I found myself spending most of my days playing video games, and shopping on Amazon. I knew then and there I needed to make a change, so I posted an ad online to sell my sneakers. At first it was slow, but after a day or two I had non-stop offers coming into my email. I read through them all and decided to meet with a potential buyer. When I met him, he took the sneakers from me and refused to pay me the agreed $3000... I asked him why he was doing this to me, and he simply said, &#34;your mom goes to college&#34;. I definitely enjoyed these sneakers though, and would recommend them to anyone!", "I usually just keep the laces and throw the shoe away.  Shoelaces this nice are few and very far between.", "I sold my 13 yr old daughter to an Algerian human trafficker who gladly offered me $3025 for her, so I scored these killer kicks AND ordered a couple pizzas!", "OH WOW, where do I even begin!? Let's just say that these are no mere trainers. These are the trainers of a God. These are the trainers that Akatosh himself wore to battle against Lorkhan. These are the very same trainers that God himself wore when he brought about the Big Bang, all he did was click his heels thrice and boom, everything began (Have you ever wondered where Dorothy learnt that trick? Now you know!). As soon as you slip your foot inside these glorious, legendary trainers, you will feel a surge of power no man has ever felt before. It is said that these trainers have the power to reverse pregnancy without causing an abortion; there is even a stone scroll recovered from a Mayan site that cites that with these trainers, you can seduce any female, whether she be the tender age of 18 or reeking from the wisdom of a hundred years. Yes, that's right, you can have them all, you mad bastard! However, beware there is a ritual involved if you dare to part with the ridiculously paltry sum of $6000. Every night you must collect the tears of a virgin that was stranded at her wedding alter, and mix it with a hair from Johnny Depp's left nostril. The two must be mixed in the skull of a mammoth while a donkey bays Wrecking Ball as it is being viciously sodomized by a dwarf dragon causing it to s*** horrifically over the trainers which then absorb the sacrifice. This ritual has cost me my life, my soul, my essence of being. But was it worth it? Thor's hammer crashes down with a resounding yes as I pour the ritual mixture over the shoes once again, as I have done for the past decade. Even though I must hunt for..err buy a new donkey every night, I can finally bask in the radiance that is SWAG. Swag, that satan himself bowed down to in worship. Swag. Who needs water and oxygen when you have the swag incarnate wrapped around your feet and toes? I wish you the best of luck, and always remember to fulfil this ritual lest you yourself are s***ted on by a brutally sodomized donkey!", "Woman flock to me when they see my $3,000 shoes, I've never been more popular. Giving this 4 stars because thanks to the high price, I can only afford to take these woman out to McDonald's.", "They are no longer available because I bought them all!!!!!!!! Now the world will never know the joy of owning these magic shoes!!!!!", "the AC doesn't work and it didn't come with a CD Player or anything, if i were you, i'd pass on this.", "I put these shoes on and went to shoot some hoops, I stumbled and accidentily crossed my legs whereupon I was instantaneously transporterd to the Quark Dimension.  It took me 2 months .....and my anal virginity......and a kidney...to get back.........So be careful!....and they were too big.", "Once I saw these shoes I knew I had to have them. All reason and logic went out the window. First I visited my local bank for a loan which they promptly declined with laughter due to my 'psychological issues'. Unperturbed I went home and thought about other ways I could afford them. So naturally the next day I visited the same bank again and quite easily withdrew $4000 via the use of a shotgun. I figured because the guys at Nike are making such quality goods, they deserve a decent tip.Anyhow this initially didn't go down well with the bank and authorities and was taken into custody. Once at the police station the shoes were noticed and being so impressed they of course let me go saying 'come back in a week for your trial'. The trial was swift as I wore the shoes to court and the judge let me off immediately and awarded me damages for the distress I put my shoes under walking to the courtroom.On the way back home I called in at the bank and the staff recognised me and spotted my kicks. The manager made themselves available too to apologise for the time it took for me to get the $4k the week before.The moral of the story is if you have psychological issues that are violent, unresolved and pose a risk to society, then these trainers will solve all of that so don't hesitate and get yourself a pair by any means necessary.", "I see they've sold out so I must have got one of the last pairs. I bought these for my upcoming Virgin Galatic flight, but I couldn't resist wearing them as soon as I got them out of the box. The instructions on how to use them were quite straight forward although I need need some help tying the laces. Once I got them on, I found myself unexpectedly moon walking everywhere which took a bit of getting used to. Luckily I found a suitable shoulder mounted rear view mirror to help me see where I was going.Unfortunately the instructions did not cover how to go down or up stairs whilst moon walking and the idiots on the Nike help line have been most unhelpful on this matter...one even suggesting that I might be pranking them.If you intend to go up or down steps, I'd suggest looking at other more practical shoes - like six inch stilettos.", "Yes these shoes may not fit me, but I'll just stuff all the money I'm about to save buying them in the toes. (I'm assuming that because I will look so awesome people will just carry me every where saving me thousands on car insurance, and payments and other car crap...)Is there a wait list?", "I had to stand on the corner and turn tricks for a month to save up for these shoes and then they don't have women's sizes! Damn! Now I'll have to use that money to buy food and pay the rent. Well that's no fun. What am I going to wear to make everyone say ooh, ahh and be all jealous and everything. Sexist creeps!", "These shoes are the s***!  I'm a non athletic white guy who couldn't play basketball to save my life.  I still can't but hey I look great just standing there.One day when I came home from the court walking like a robot so as not to crease my Jesus Christ superstar nikes. I looked at my daughter's busted ass smile and KNEW I had made the right decision when she said \"Daddy, you look like Michael Jordan\".", "Got some foamposite paranorman sz 11 willing to get rid of. I have never worn them. Is the shoes only though", "After I bought these shoes, I ran into some quirky chap with a bowtie and a fez. We went travelling in a phone booth, but the trip was ruined by all the running from these giant salt shakers that were threatening us with toilet plungers. Then there were these REALLY creepy statues, some little, tiny dudes that looked like marshmallows, and... and... and... Hmm. I can't seem to remember what else. (Wait, why are there all these hashmarks drawn on my arms?) After a while, though, things calmed down, and this weird Dutch dude with a Scottish burr made me sit while he did a painting of my shoes. Glad to be home, that was TOO weird!", "Three grand for shoes why I thought they would help me fly, ace interviews to become a doctor without going to college. Mow my lawn for me, stop time, make me invisible and all around awesome but alas they are just super overpriced shoes made to prey on us weak minded.  So I sold my soul to nike cause they keep telling me to \"just do it\" now I wonder what it is they want done?", "Although now living on the streets with my two children, and them asking me constantly &#34;Mummy, when are we going to eat?&#34; I just tell them to keep quiet and appreciate these new sneakers I purchased and how kick-ass they look, they soon shut their mouths and stop complaining.Well worth it! Im the most fashionable tramp living on the streets now!Love them!", "I sold my Mexican family to pay for these shoes.  Nonetheless, it was worth it.  They are gardening and I feel like I'm walking on grass.  Or smoking it.", "I wanted killer swag and boy did I get it when I bought these magnificent shoes. I blew several men at a local truck stop and took out a high interest installment loan to get them but it was worth it. Sure, my children may have to work in coal mines for the summer to help keep us off the street but look at these stylish shoes... Swag, straight swag. When I put them on my feet, the ghost of Carl Sagan appeared to me and told me all of the secrets of the cosmos while we were smoking a bowl and &#34;Blinded by the Light&#34; was playing softly in the background. Then behold! Jesus appeared to me riding Fluttershy from &#34;My Little Pony&#34;. It was the best night of my life so far. I can't wait to put these on again for another adventure.", "You have to hand it to Nike for finding a way to recycle... but really most of the cost in this shoe is tied up in payoffs to government officials so they will turn a blind eye to what really goes into these magic shoes.", "Wow.  We are living in the box those shoes came in now, but my feet look AWESOME! Thank you Nike!  BTW, can you send us some money for food?", "I told my girlfriend's ex-fianc&eacute;' brother that I wanted these shoes because a hobbit came to me in a dream and told me that I could meet Sexy hobbits if I wear the shoes.  He bought them for me and every night, I sleep with one shoe on my foot and the other show on my hand and every night, I get pleasures by a sexy hobbit named Brokebo.  He...damn...I mean she is very good to me.  Thank you Brokebo.", "Every time I wear these shoes I think of my kids.....There are a pair of them and they drain the heck out of my wallet too.......", "I would give these 5 stars but upon ashing my crack pipe I found they were not burn resistant, but they still the coolest shoes I ever won at a break dancing competition.", "After prostituting my neighbors 8 year old kids for a month and doing a few simple contract hits for the local PTA I was able to take part in the glory that is NIKE AIR FOAMPOSITE ONE NRG Style# 521286 Size: 10 M US MENS.If you don't have a pair of these you're probably al Qaeda. If you don't have a pair because you can't afford them then you should probably take an introspective look at your life choices, figure out where you went wrong and then hang yourself, because you are totally missing out on some badass kicks.A note to the sweatshop children that made these: you have a true gift and I think I speak for everyone that owns these when I say we are all fortunate that you didn't squander your magic for selfish reasons like curing diseases or anything pointless like that. This is what sweatshop and magic was meant to produce and you have achieved greatness.I should also mention this is all nonsense... but I couldn't help but take part in the fun.", "In fact, being a double amputee, it actually provided me with new feet. When I first placed the shoes below my stumps, I was disappointed but as soon as my flesh came in contact with them, my feet began to grow back. It was painful and took 11 days but DAMN! it was worth it. Screw Lasic surgery. I'll stay legally blind. These shoes are awesome.", "These super Swag shoes are better than a G6 with Spinners!!  They are so light I feel like I'm flying everywhere I go! They are smart shoes that help me avoid problems - they have already avoided 2 pieces of chewed up bubble gum and 1 steaming pile of dog logs- thats how fly these Air Ones are!!  Good thing l got a pair,  otherwise l would have to hop every where l go!  I would gladly sell my sister again for another pair of these!", "Aren't these the ones the Hale Bopp Comet followers, Heaven's Gate, wore?  They just HAD to be!  Quite the perfect shoe for such a journey.", "I never knew a fairytale could be molded into a shoe.  You no longer need to guess what is at the end of the rainbow, because when you wear these shoes you ARE the rainbow son.  Welcome to OZ, B!  Your Yellow Brick Road is made of 14K Gold thanks to these wearable cloud puffs.", "Now I can justify walking the streets! Which I have to do now to pay for these. But it's worth it. These classy shoes can be worn with any outfit or no outfit at all. Sometimes I wear them fresh out of the shower just to feel good. Heavens Gate has nothing on these shoes!", "Buy them...and then what? Wear plastic bags over them wherever you go? Wait! If you have that kind of money to blow on some shoes then surely you have enough to pay for someone to carry you everywhere! Bingo!", "..................okay not really. They're a bit large because I don't normally fit into a men&#8217;s size 10 shoes but I figured for the price they must allow me to walk on water or something else magical. I lit some candles and filled the tub in anticipation of reenacting Moses and the red sea, or some other Easter themed movie. Unfortunately they just filled with water and I fell into the candles knocking them into the flammable shower curtain which lit the stack of newspapers next to the toilet on fire. I gave these size 10's 4 stars for holding about 4 gallons of water which I tossed onto the flaming stack of papers before the fire trucks reached my house.  Minor smoke and fire damage aside, I do look cool wearing them while lounging in front of my $39,999.99 Samsung 4k HDTV though so it's not all bad. (oh, and the shipping was a bit high)", "I mean I have nothing against China. They have everything and they own the world including my life now. I'm in debt to them for the amount $2,995 after I put a down payment of $505 on the shoes for shipping charges and customs taxes through China Packet Express. When I bought them I thought they were coming from Amazon Direct and I was wondering why I was paying so high for shipping. When I put them on they were a dream, I felt like I really was walking on air until I noticed this tacky looking tag sticking out, &#34;Made in China&#34;! I was like, what the heck? Because when things are made in China, it means that any kind of warranty or support is non existent. If the shoes fall apart, good luck trying to track down the buyer. The factory these shoes were made has probably collapsed or burned down. But hey, I've got money to burn - obviously! My feet will be in heaven while my head will be donated to science to see how I was able to operate so long without a brain! Yay to medical miracles!", "It just shows, you get what you pay for. I've learned my lesson.  I'll never spend less than $10,000 for shoes again.", "The loan sharks I borrowed the cash from to buy these bad boys still can't catch me... Fools. I'm about to buy a red costume with yellow lightning and bring Flash to life. This is by far the best buy I've ever made with mob money. I'll pay them back... If they can catch me... GOOD LUCK WITH THAT SUCKERS!!! :D", "I traded my anal virginity for these shoes and let me say, if I had the choice to do it over again. I would in a heart beat!Awesome shoes, awesome quality. Built for a god with a sore ass.", "I've only heard of these mythical animals, but what are the chances that one took a s*** in nike's Vietnamese shoe factory? Incredible.", "These handsome kicks have increased my vertical leap by 26 feet! I'm like a human cricket ( without the chirping of course ). They also repel feces so no more back yard surprises. When you walk backwards you can step into the past and correct your life's mistakes! Goodbye herpes!!", "They have warp speed capability! And a fully functional hyperdrive... AND a flux capacitor. IN EACH SHOE! I am not sure how I would get my fresh dinosaur eggs without them. Totally worth it!", "I like showing that money is no object by buying objects.Thank God some objects come in pairs....like shoes...$3000 shoes.And nothing says &#34;POWER&#34; more than buying a $3000 pair of shoes that look like they came from a grab-bag bargain bin at the back of a FIVE & BELOW.Thank God I'm rich and you're not.I love people complimenting me for these shoes that have made nuns' eyes bleed.  They're too poor to criticize me.  After all, they're just brides of Christ...and Christ couldn't afford these babies.I was going to buy a pair of fine dress shoes from Italy made from the hide of a baby calf that I had paid to have reared on a small Tuscan farm, but I went for these insteadAfter all, the best way to look like you have money and taste is to buy things that look like you don't have those at all.", "$3000 for an ugly pair of shoes that would look appropriate on a 5 year old, this is nuts even if you can afford it!  Donate your surplus money to a worthy cause before buying this.", "I've already sold both kidneys and a lung for other athletic gear so, alas, I could not afford to buy these shoes and now they're out of stock.I have however made a passable pair of fakes using panty liners, bubble wrap and crayons. The whole cost of my pair is less than Nike pay their Vietnamese sweatshop workers to make theirs too.", "When I saw this listing priced at $3000, I thought &#34;WTF? Why are they selling shoes individually?&#34; Then I realized it was for the pair and I thought &#34;WTF? ARE THEY MENTAL? That's a steal!&#34; So I bought two pairs - one for everyday use, and one for best. Best bargain ever! I guess that's the benefit of using cheap labor from poor places - it keeps the costs down.", "As a devout virgin, I was most upset that these shoes came in a nice box.That's more than I've managed.", "Sooo....$3,000 for a pair of Nike's, eh??Well now. Having lived through the worst economic recession in Irish History, I can't tell you how DELIGHTED I am to see a return to good old fashioned, mindless spending sprees!!  Far better than the misery that reality often tries to breathe into any situation.Never one to miss a bargain, I'm going to get straight onto the IMF to see if they would consider lending me the funds to buy these babies! No doubt I'll probably have to sign away my rights as a human being as art of the deal, but hey, I'll certainly stand out from the rest of my destitute compatriots, won't I??Go Nike Go!!!!", "Screw the need for a car, with these rediculous shoes i can now FLY to work!  These shoes have cured my depression,  obliterated my back pain, and have also granted me the powers of a genie.So when you're sitting there debating on whether or not you should buy a house,  propose to the girl of your dreams, or feed your family, kick yourself straight in the teeth and buy these shoes!They also come with a free tshirt of a unicorn Sodomizing your grandmother", "I had previously though Nike to be a bunch of scum sucking parasites who use the worlds poor to get their shoes made cheaply for a an obscene profit.  Not so.  This product is not so much an overpriced object for disgusting genetic filth as masterful bling that even god himself would crucify his son again for.", "Had to sell my soul and first born to the Devil. I always thought Jr. was the Antichrist! It may be the end of days but DAMN I'll look fresh in these kicks!", "Upon careful contemplation of the myriad magniloquent reviews posted hence, I bolted over to the bank and withdrew the proper funds and darted directly to the Nike Outlet Store.  I was aghast to ascertain that the Outlets do not sell them!  Crimony!  After the longest 24 hours of my life, FedEx finally delivered them to my door&#8230;.Walk on water?  Ha!  I sank to the bottom of the 15 foot pool.  Swimming lessons would have been much cheaper and likely less effort.  On the bright side, the lifeguard was a hunk.Fly to the moon?  Ha!  As illustrated by my experiment of jumping out of my second story window, these shoes are no match for gravity.Move you as fast as rockets?  Ha! I can move faster in my dilapidated flip flops.And I did a Snopes check on the reviewer's claim that the Asian youth who craft these creations collect extra compensation because of aggrandized costs of these alleged gems; sadly, such assertions are erroneous.Believe not the beguiling, bogus, fraudulent, fictitious, fanciful, phony, and outright fake assessments posted.  Do not squander your savings on these so-called shoes.  Stay home and buy a book.", "I sold my car and blew 693 dudes to pay for these shoes, but everyone stares at my awesome kicks when I'm walking to my therapy sessions!", "Really Nike!? You are going to charge that much for fake materials?! If it was all organic materials I'd pay that price... them shoes better be made from the skin of aborted fetus  and sewn together with infant hair...or else it ain't worth it...", "My feet felt like they were in outer space! Maybe it's because when I took these shoes home and told my wife how much they were, she kicked me in the nads and sent me into orbit.", "I wasn't even playing college level ball but when I took my tuition money to purchase these shoes I was contacted by nba scouts. I believe espn has me top 5 in this up coming draft. It's well worth the money.", "I actually thought the price was quite reasonable, until they arrived and I discovered that the shoes do not in fact contain the whole of the cosmos.", "It's a gimmick!  Found out they're a Horcrux!  Now I have to buy the $10,000 sword of Gryffindore!  Ugh, I fall for that every time!!", "I sold my soul to the devil in order to have these shoes and to also to have the ability to play the accordian. When I got the shoes, they were 2 sizes too small. That devil deals all the cards and always has a trick up his sleave. So, I tour the country performing the accordian in my painfully tight shoes. Yours truly Weird Al Yankovic.", "My kid told me he wanted the a pair of NIKE AIR FOAMPOSITE ONE NRG's. I said ok. How much are they? He says $3000. I say ok, sounds reasonable. So I fork the cash over. He wore the shoes home from the store and he says that on the way home, he was stopped twice by urban youths trying to steal the shoes right off his feet. Luckily, he was wearing NIKE AIR FOAMPOSITE ONE NRG's, and was able to outrun his assailants on both occasions. The next day at school 3 of the girls in his science class gave him their phone numbers because of his shoes. It's been about a month since then and I'm pretty sure he's lost his virginity at this point, all thanks to his NIKE AIR FOAMPOSITE ONE NRG's.", "With the state of affairs, economy in the US, people being denied food, housing, decent pay, I can't believe that anyone in their right mind would want these &#34;shoes&#34;. PLEASE! think people about what is really important!", "The guy said there fake? There made in many countries , but china is the ones we get because that our main person we buy goods from. They also make them in Vietnam Asia India Philippines and even Pakistan. He's very wrong there real and I'm not a bot.", "So my life long search for the perfect shoe has ended with one minor problem, I need a size 12.I was only able to find size 10 so it was off to the surgical ward I went, thanks to my low ($2,000) deductible though Obamacare I was able to get my feet re-sized to a 10.Six months of therapy and bottles of pain medicine are over now and my feet can visit the what I can only  call paradise of Nike.", "When these puppies arrived, I was happier than a love-struck couch jumper. But within a few weeks, guys from the block started wearing cheap, identical knockoff's that they bought for $1,200 from a local scab artist. Now everybody thinks I only paid $1,200 for them.", "Rumpelstiltskin only took the first and second born children in exchange for spinning enough gold to buy these. Thats okay I still have the littlest one around to oooh and aaah whenever I put them on. WINNING!!!", "They're out of stock right now, but that'll give me time to re-mortgage my house so I can afford these. I think they'll be a perfect match for my burgundy Ford Fiesta with the vanity licence plate of 'SWAG'. I'm basing my purchase on the previous review that said they were SWAG, I'm SWAG, my car is SWAG,  so why not treat myself to some SWAG shoes too.I'll look so cool high-fiving myself! I may even fist-bump. It'll be SWAG!", "Goes REALLY well with my 3 wolf moon tee-shirt that I picked up for a 1000 bucks! Along with my Obama-care we are set up! Well, set up for failure, but at least we are set up for something...", "Let me begin by saying I'm &lt;3ing the comfort level on this product. It is also much lighter than the comparable products.So far three stars mainly because deployment at 2000 ft was difficult : reaching your feet and pulling the two tags at the same time while dropping at 130mph is no easy task. Conventional backpack parachute deployment is normally easier.On the bright side, once deployed I was expecting to end up upside down but that hasn't happened yet and i'm really impressed. I will soon update the review with the landing experience.", "As I stood upon the Bifrost gazing down into the realm of mortals my heart was incomplete. I saw wonders upon the feet of man and yearned for better footwear than my own clunky and heavy fur lined boots. Suddenly a great horn blast erupted through the Asgardian eve and I found myself confronted by Thor, The God of Thunder, who produced shoes that illuminated and shone like the scintilating colors of the rainbow bridge. I took the marvels of magic and science, the perfect fusion of dreams and slipped them upon my feet. Soon I was running with the speed of the fastest stallion and striking down my foes with wild abandoned........Thank you Nike.......We now have a shoe fit for the Gods!!!!!!!", "I remortgaged my house just to buy these shoes for my husband. When he puts them on he magically transforms into Genie from Aladdin. So far I have wished for every child labourer to be given unlimited energy to continue making these precious sneakers forever.", "Wow....bought these so my kid could have a shoe box for a school project but did not realize the shoes were this magical feeling....like walking on air! Went to the future and everyone was wearing these exact shoes...no socks of course. Weirdest thing though...the president was a robot.", "My open heart surgery can wait! Give me these!!! I'll pass them down to my kids after I die! Wonder if the Obama girls have them?", "I was suffering from erectile dysfunction for many years.. Well that all changed once I receive these bad boys in the mail. I was satisfying ladies in no time it even grew a couple extra inches! Fellas if you're having problems in the bedroom I highly recommend these big game changer!", "After receiving a pair of these fabulous trainers I was immediately disappointed when I realised they only exist in three dimensions. I assumed that with a name like 'foamposite' they would somehow have special properties. Turns out it's just a made up name for a man made material.", "I wear these everyday, but the moment I drove down a dark, back-water street in the middle of the South, I was abducted by an Alien that didn't probe me with a big enough device and was quite selfish. I paid 3k for these plus shipping and expected at least a reach-around.", "The first few albums were SO much better. The new singer sucks but at least she looks better dancing. Still the artwork on the vinyl is stellar.", "You get what you pay for and this is clearly aimed at the lower echelons of society, for those who cannot pay for the ultimate and reading some of the previous reviews, that is obviously made clear if you have to sell kidneys, daughters, soul etc.. If you've got it, flaunt it is what I say. Now, for those in the upper stratosphere of society with whom I circulate with, this is close to being the desired product, only let down was that  it wasn't available in 22K gold. http://www.amazon.com/NIKE-YEEZY-Style-508214-MENS/dp/B008BHW5O8/ref=pd_sbs_shoe_6?ie=UTF8&refRID=1J31NHQ9ZVG5GDKNM282", "Some people claim to have sold two kidneys to buy these shoes, what sort of snooty place do these folk live in where the price of a human kidney is so high? Where I'm from I had to sell two kidneys AND both my feet to afford these shoes. Only when I opened the box did I realize my mistake.", "Seriously, they look like crap. You people are nuts for buying them. Y'all deserve to starve for spending money on these rather than feeding your families. Lol", "Because for that price, they'd better come with a blowjob from some shade of green space chick, even if she's olive drab. I'd prefer hunter or forest though.Awesome looking shoes nonetheless.", "Assets frozen but purchased truckload using offshore Amazon account.  Shoes are so good to keeping feet warm in slushy streets of Moscow. Great for bribes!", "I had a lot of money set aside for gender reassignment surgery to escape the personal living hell of my wrong-gendered life. But what's a life of continual anguish every waking moment compared to the pain of not owning these shoes! I bought 2 pair! Next year I'll save up to buy a gun to shoot myself with.", "I received my shoes in record time,  instantly placed them on my feet and ran (alarmingly fast) to the corner store to meet up with my friends who immediately started referring to me as C&eacute;leste Des Pieds.  Which is odd... they never spoke french before(?).  Thank you NIKE!", "My wife has several purses worth more than these shoes. I thought I would buy these to teach her a lesson. I now wear these over my shoulders and carry my wallet in them. Now I understand women with their purses and red bottom shoes. Mere shoes they are not... more like marriage savers. Thank you Nike! #NoRAgrets!", "These shoes are really awesome. I do alot of hiking and outdoor activities, these shoes are great for that. Although I did have to order a second pair because on the first pair the sole came of when I was on this one crazy trail. Overall great if you want a shoe do just wear whenever or as one that you don't need to take care of or care about.", "guys first of all im a big sneakerhead and guys these shoes r so fake, wanna know y, look at image no authentic galaxy foamposites come in that box they come in original foamposite box and the carbon fiber is fake also design is so dull look at this comparison between fake and real guys look at the pictures in the description that were clearly not taken from a person here, and look at the customer product images, how big is that difference also if u look online u will find the real ones with all that color in it and they might be in the galaxy box cuz peole buy the box to match them but look online at the colo difference and look at product with white backround thats real and look at customer images so fakkkeee and not 1 fake looks anything like the real shoe from my point and fakes r 60$ lol real galaxies were limited released in 2012 for 220, now the least they sell em for on a website is 1200 and u really think in china they will give u the real ones, FIRST OF ALLL THEY DONT MAKE NIKE SHOES IN CHINA THEYRE MADE IN VIETNAM FAKES R MADE IN CHINAA!also dont buy galaxies fro flight club, overpriced", "I was considering these shoes as a purchase instead of a car.  I figured one way or another I would get from point A to point B.  When I saw the &#34;remove before flight&#34; tag I was sold.  Now instead of driving like you all do I will fly.  Only complaint is the size.  I wear size 12 and these are 10.  But since I will be flying I figured my feet will not feel too bad.  Thanks", "The first day I wore these, I ran a 4:00 minute mile...even though I'm a 50 year old, 230 pound, suburban Dad with no knees...and I was hung over. I would have gone faster, but I was too busy signing autographs and wrestling my way through throngs of nubile groupies. These are some bad ass kicks.", "I had a tough decision to make help pay for my grandma's surgery or buy these shoes but I know i made the right decision when I showed up to my grandma's funeral and people were staring at me and my shoes I know grams is smiling down at me right now at how awesome and stylish her granddaughter looks.  Love you grams", "These shoes are amazing! They defy gravity and physics! These shoes allow me to walk on water.  You can imagine the fun I had at church this past Sunday (hehe).  Do you think I'm wrong for accepting the offerings they gave me, and accepting the interview with 60 Minutes?", "I have a terrible case of athlete's foot, man it smells so bad when it gets sweaty.  This Nike Air shoes fixed it all!  The Nebula design has a hidden blackhole and sucks all the smell out.  For a $3000 shoe, dollar well spent!", "I prostituted myself to buy this shoe for my husband.  He looks like a sex god in them but I have to wait until the results of the STD test are available to find out how much he likes them.", "I had my left testicle removed to afford a pair of these shoes and now they're out of stock!What am I supposed to do now?!? Thanks!", "If it's a toss up between these or a month of Obamacare premiums...get em'!  I mean, for less than half of your annual deductible you'll have these fly shoes.  Besides, you don't need a cell phone or cable TV.  Get these shoes and play outside.  (Just be carefu - unless of course you have an insurance rider on them that covers scuffs.)", "Think you for my $700 gubernant check Wif dat and pimping out my womens i had a pair in no time. I aint got no idea why theys be makin such a fuss. I am one fly skinny white boy. When i cans gets one of my babys mommas to wash my stuff, i can strut in these with my wife beater, my church one, and my pants hanging low. Aight?", "Even though these are the ugliest shoes I could ever imagine putting on my feet and I was 3 months away from paying off my mortgage, I thought, &#34;What the heck?&#34;  I bought the ugly shoes and have grown to love them.  In the mean time I got really sick, couldn't work or finish paying my mortgage and now US Bank is foreclosing.  I'll have to live in a cardboard box on the street but at least I'll look really cool - even when I'm dumpster diving.", "This shoe, of course, is amazing - but what I really love about it was how it raised the available kidneys in the transplant pool - being on Hemodialysis for over five years, when this shoe came out - suddenly, I got the call.  My new kidney is doing great, my levels are great and I have a new lease on life!  I think about these kicks whenever I pee now! Thanks, Nike!", "I saved up for this by only eating one meal a week for a couple of years, and was so excited to finally have the money to order that I completely missed the &#34;ONE&#34; in the product's description.  Now I have a left shoe and am forced to save up for a right shoe!  At this point, I don't even care if it's the same style of shoe, I'm just tired of always walking lopsided.  Yes, it's technically in the name of the product, but I missed it, and I am sure many others will as well.  They didn't even bother to ask if I'd like the right or left one.  On the bright side, I have received many compliments on my one shoe!", "I made my husband sell 500 gallons of semen to the sperm bank so I could have a pair, what a trade ;)", "With the shoes playing host to part of the universe,  I thought they would be one size fits all and that they would expand to my size. I was wrong. What's more is they have not been designed for space travel, I tried them out in the British winter which has a very similar climate to space, the temperature must have dropped to like 11 degrees Celsius before severe frostbite took both of my feet. To add insult to injury the shoes were stolen when my feet detached, you would think with the price some kind of alarm of tracking device would have been fitted.Very disappointed.", "I got my lottery ticket on the way home and as soon as I get my hands on that 55million prize on the Euro lottery I am going to buy a pair for each if the family including the two dogs.Woo!", "So like...one day I was really bored and I saw this linked by George Takei and I was like...oh myyyyyyyyAnd then Satan popped up! He was like omg can I have your soul?I said sure, if he gave me these shoes...A trade later, I am soulless and have expensive shoes. So worth it.", "I had to sell my daughter to get a pair of these for my dying son.  It may seem cruel, but at least she is alive.  No mother should ever have to make this kind of choice.  I buried my son in the sneakers or I could have sold them and tried to buy my daughter back....live and learn.", "I traded in my other $3000 pair of shoes and was able to purchase these. I walked into my office barely able to contain myself with excitement. Not only did all my coworkers notice my new kicks immediately, they were all terrified out of their wits! &#34;HOLY CRAP YOU BROUGHT SPACE IN HERE&#34; one said. &#34;Is it night already?&#34; said another. And another tackled me and screamed &#34;STOP WALKING ON SPACE DAMMIT. IT CONFUSES ME!&#34; Ah, Nike. Taking 'personal space' to a new level. Totally worth it.", "&#34;Get down&#34; I shouted to the unworthy mortals as they clambered at my new Nikes, &#34;These are foamposite and not fit for tiny winy people like you, these badboys are mine&#34; I bellowed.The wife wasn't to impressed with my manner nor was she impressed with the price tag, so now I live in the shed at the bottom of the garden with the incontinent cat and she has moved Roger in, she says he's there just for the chores around the house, its strange how my wife never used to help me with the chores, I never realized there was so much to do in the bedroom.Ive given these shoes five stars cause BOY these will sure change your life.", "I've not been able to afford these shoes yet...but when the sale of my sisters into slavery goes through...I'll be walking on clouds..in style...nike style...", "At first I thought this was just an overpriced shoe. If I knew I could get respect in Brownsville for $1,500 I would have bought these a long time ago. I did have to sell my mother to raise the money but it was well worth it. I look so cool in these that all the hood rats don't even try to steal them.", "I had to sell my college education to afford these amazing shoes.. and I thought once I pulled the tag off &#34;before flight&#34; I would actually make my dreams come true and reach the moon. I got situated in my catapult and when I pulled the level I just flew a lousy 50ft before breaking my legs. Now I have to wear cast and look at these space shoes and imagine the moon.", "If you have no life, nothing more important to spend your money on, or are like one of those in the previous reviews and do outrageous things to buy a PAIR OF SHOES then this is the one for you. Considering it's made in some south East Asian for a small fraction of what they charge, you were born yesterday!", "I bought these shoes to compete, thinking the small sacrifice of missing four mortgage payments would be worth it. Not so much. I haven't won a race yet, but the shoes themselves have won all of them. But it doesn't do me any good picking up my shoes at the finish line a barefoot loser.", "They sold out!  I am crushed.  This is the last thing I write before I kill myself, I cant live with out these shoes.  Good by cruel world, Perhaps in heaven or hell I might be granted a pair.", "Foamposite? Wow Nike invented lace up Crocs. Just as ugly too. I think I'll stick with the original ugly foam shoe instead of this expensive knockoff.", "Is that instead of just costing 600 times more than what Nike pays overseas sweatshop workers to make them, it costs 30,000 times.", "When I asked the salesman for a discount, he told me to eat s***.Now I have a stylish pair of shoes and nasty case of hepatitis A.", "Currently unavailable?  I just sold my car to pay for these, what am I supposed to do now, run barefoot to work everyday?", "Back in 2003 when I heard Nike's plans on creating the Morgan Freeman of all shoes, I knew I had to do anything in my power to obtain them. There was an initiation program back in '04, where the few people chosen had to train for their body, so the \"God Shoes\" were able to deem our feet worthy.In the Spring of '05, we had begun the first stage of training. We swam across oceans, seas, and rivers to arrive at the base camp in the valley just below Mt. Everest. There we were required to banish our clothes and unworthy shoes to the pits of Hell. After that task, we were doused in kerosene and ignited, where we then had to sprint up Everest in 3 hours to obtain an elixir that made us invulnerable to fire. We then received lashings, donned our Squirrel Suits, and jumped off the summit, straight into the Red Sea.Upon arriving at the Red Sea's base camp, we began the second step in our initiation. We were given a match and an old, rusty butter knife. We walked accross the desert for weeks. After days of starvation and nothing to eat for hundreds of miles, we then realised what we had to do. We each cut off an arm with the old and rusty butter knife. Then made a fire with the match, and roasted our arms; it was a short and sweet feast. We then had to heat up the butter knife with the fire in order to cauterize our wounds. We reached Egypt, and had to tame the Great Sphynx. Upon doing so, we rode it back to the U.S. where we got our Certification of Training in the Nike Academy and were presented the \"God Shoe\".Upon placimg these shoes on my feet, I could feel my human self transform. I instantly passed far beyond Super Saiyan 4, and God mode. I became the embodiment of Nike; I was a Titan.To this day and with these shoes, I rule the cosmos. I would recommend these shoes to anyone who truly desires the universe.", "I was able to trade my EBT credits, Obamaphone, WIC checks, didn't pay child support for 3 months, and section 8 housing voucher for a nice pair of these shoes. Thanks taxpayer for footing (get it footing?) the bill.", "Man I worked my ass off for these shoes stole my girls money. Stole my friends money. Became a Male stripper. Stopped paying child support for this shoe. Man these some pumped up kicks. I'm scared someone will take them off my feet when sleeping on street", "Decided to meet the devil at the crossroads and ohhh wass that deal so sweat. Lucifer was feeling a bit generous to and said I only needed to sell my soul along with my twin sisters for these heavenly shoes. I know I won't see the pearly gates but man will it feel like I'm walking on them with these new kicks! There seems to be however a slight burning sensation that for some reason keeps happening even when I take off these nikes.............", "My friends...I mean co-workers and I work in a secret warehouse where these shoes were made by hand! Stitch by stitch, we plucked little stars out of the milky way, made it with love, and bring it to the masses. Although, it took 8$ to make this shoe, the asking price of 1,500$ is not asking too much to own a piece of the universe. Its a great bargain! It only took my friends and I 17 long hours to make the shoe. With one lunch break and one smoke break included. The 10$ I made for a day's work will go to buying bread and water for the family, so I really appreciate your patronage.", "It was a heart-rending decision, but to raise money for these shoes I put my beloved Watchtower and Awake! collection up for auction on eBay. (The other $2,983 I took out of my retirement savings.) Was it worth it? You bet, if or no other reason than to see the increased respect, if not outright awe in the faces of the neighborhood punks when I now shuffle outside, one clenched fist raised, the other clutching at the front of my threadbare robe, yelling at them to get the hell off my yard. These shoes have changed my life in ways I can&#8217;t begin to describe, although some of that may be the medications&#8230;", "I will be walking on sunshine. OKAY so I will have to forgo eating and water. Total luxuries both. No doubt as i starve and reek from not taking a shower. I will die knowing I have a great pair of styling running shoes.. Thanks Nike and Amazon!!", "I was initially satisfied with my purchase; but then realized I could rent out my own personal sweat shop in Bangladesh for half the price for a month, including the labor and materials, and make 1000 of these puppies  So now I'm feeling a little ripped off.", "These are so stylish for mucking out the cow barn.  Even the cows love 'em.  One sight of them and their milk is sweeter for days!", "Listn,  this shoe is killer.  I sold the gold outta my teef and my chilren to get these bling shoes.  I was  a feared that someone steelin em  when I'm asleep in the park in my hous.  Hoping they do good in the rain cause my house not big nuf so my feets hang out of the box , so if it rain my shoe gettin wet.  I said to he bitch done go steelin my shoe an she said she won't.  Someone tol me I should puts money in a house n stuff but I said that stupid cause shoes make tha man.  These show makes dis man da bomb!  BAAM beotches, who da winna now!", "I went directly to the sweatshop where these are made, and traded my teenaged daughter for a pair.It's a total WIN-WIN - I get a stupid ugly pair of shoes, and my daughter gets to learn a trade.", "Realized that I had two good kidneys and zero pair of awesome shoes. Sold one kidney and this shoe was mine ! Wear them everytime I take a piss!", "These shoes are a practical alternative to having a homeless person let me stand on their back and have them crawl me around my house/work.", "REEEEEEALLY wanted to love this shoe...PROS:Looks friggin' amazing! The red/green checker and Kente cloth patterns to commemorate Black History Month are beautiful accents to a very well designed shoe. The use of blacks and grays combined with the aircraft styling of the Huarache line make this a stealthy shoe with a sleek profile. Also, it's a must have for any collector (as availability is VERY limited) and anyone who loves the Huarache or Nike Free line as it is an ingenious combination of both. It also incorporates the awesome Nike+ sensor slot (for activity tracking and analysis on Nikeplus.com).CONS:I am a regular size 14 so I purchased a 14. I attempted to try them on and was stopped by the sockliner. After forcing my way through the limited stretch opening, I found my foot literally constricted by the inner liner. I COULD NOT WALK IN THEM. It was as though it was a size 12 sockliner in a size 14 shoe. I have MANY Huarache and Free shoes and while some Huarache's were snug, NONE of them were this ill-fitting.RECOMMENDATION:If you have an abnormally thin foot, this shoe will fit well and look even better on you! If you're by any means \"normal\", order the next half size up. For those bigger than 14, know that THERE IS NO 14.5. You COULD order a 15, but beware of the extra space in the toe box if you plan to do any actual sporting in these. Looks great with the BHM \"Uplift\" tee.ALL THAT SAID, I HAVE A SIZE 14 FOR SALE IF YOU'RE INTERESTED!!! :-)", "the Js feel good to play in, very comfortable and seem quite light as well.  they are also very true to size.  my only downfall on this shoe, is it is not one of the prettier Js while on your foot (so these are ply worn on the court for me)", "Stitching is a bit off, and had  some type of glue build-up/bubble on the nose,  So it looks like there are new with defects", "Very well put together, good lookin with jeans, and great for the court I actually prefer these to the originals from 93'", "I purchased these shoes for my son at Christmas, so they were a suprise gift. I was lucky getting his shoe size right because he's growing and in a different shoe size every 6 months I would recomend.", "When i got the product which was suppose to be new they had dirt stains on the outside of them and on the inside of one it look like someone with dirty socks had tryed that one on,so these are what they chose to send me so no excuses and never again.", "THESE WERE TO SMALL FOR MY HUSBAND SO WE HAD TO SEND THEM BACK AND THERE WAS NO PROBLEM AT ALL AND WE GOT A FULL REFUND", "I used to own a pair like this before but it got tear on the head because of my dog, it was hard for me to find another pair with size 10 but this is very awesome, fit and look the same with my old one", "Most comfortable boots I had. Very worm and cool looking. Color option is good too orange is not very bright. I'm sure lime color would stand out more but I wasn't looking for it.", "Our son wanted a good running,stylish,sneaker. He is very happy with the sneaker. It is worth our money! His nike's always last a long time and stand the test of a 13 yr old!", "Jordans keep getting better and better as performance shoes.  I had the 2011's for hooping and these are 5x better as far as fit, grip, flexibility and ventilation.  I love them!!", "The color and overall look is just what it looks like on the computer. I purchased these as a gift, and he loves them.", "My husband wanted a yellow pair of sneakers. The sneakers are more gold than yellow but they will work. He Loves Them so I am very happy with this purchase....", "Ordered these for my husband and he loved them. True to size and fits the shape of his foot. Little narrow so don't purchase if you have a wider foot.", "this shoe is what i expected. the quility is great. i really like it. the price is not expensive. all in all , so great", "These were a good find. Not too flashy but still good looking. Arrived right away and they were just what we wanted.", "Good shoe's can't complain the are jordan's doesn't get any better then that, they just look good on your feet", "love theese shoes was so worried they wouldnt fit but they fit ok i got a 7m big kids next time going for the 6.5 but none the less thats my own issue the shoes are fantastic love them wierd laces though and the SELLER OMG SO FAST THANK YOU WILL BE BUYING VERY SOON FROM THIS SELLER GREAT BIG SATISFIED CUSTOMER THX GUYS:)", "the shoes are great. my youngest daughter will love them for christmas this year. thank you very much for getting the order correct. great job", "the problem was the size of the shoe there are many sizes, mens, women, toddlers and big kids girls.should be a one size no matter whether for children or adults", "MY SON LOVES THESE SHOES", "The shoe has held up well and fit a wide foot well. We sometimes have trouble with Nike since my son has wide feet but they fit great and feel comfortable.", "I wear a size 9 shoe and had to get an 8 and 1/2 for this shoe but its a great basketball shoe.", "These are great shoes. They fit nicely and are very comfortable. I can't wait to get them on the court.", "IT FITS VERY GOOD AND VERY COMFORTABLE FOR BOTH FEET. THIS IS WHY I LIKE ORDERING VIA AMAZON- BECAUSE YOU'LL FIND THE STYLE AND PRICE FOR YOU!", "This is a comfortable shoe.  Had problems with the company when it was ordered but can't blame that on the shoe.  It's very comfortable and fits perfect..", "My son plays high school basketball. He loves the grip on this shoe and said is is very comfortable. It is also a great looking shoe.", "I for one play basketball at a very energetic pace. Most of my basketball shoes are destroyed within 3 months, therefore imagined my surprise when I realize it has been a year since i bought these shoes. I recommend them for any type of baller, street and organized.", "Bought the shoes since I needed a new pair of indoor basketball shoes. Shopped around and found these. The zoom is quite comfortable but not as quite light as the hyperdunks; however, for those of you who are looking for a decent pair of shoes these are the perfect ones if you don't want to spend too much on the basketball shoes.", "I have flat feet so i need good support for whenever i play basketball and these shoes are 10x more comfortable than my last pair.", "The shoes fit just fine. Wish they had more colors this style. I know I would have got more pairs.", "The shoe is uncomfortable and the tongue slips down as soon as you take a step.  They are not good for running down the court.", "They look freakin cool, but the shoes didn't feel secure on my feet.  I felt like the heel cup was too loose and did not trust them to provide the ankle support I need as a bigger guy (6' 3&#34; 210 lbs). Ended up sending them back for a refund.", "thank you so much. finally the basketball shoe I have been looking for totally worth every penny. I really am happy it improves jumping as well as looking spontaneous!", "the shoes is really nice and I love the color coz it is exactly as shown in the picture!!thanks shoezoo for the fast shipping..I recommend this product.", "Great basketball shoe my son said. Bought these without my son seeing them first. He loved them and wore them all season and didn't complain.", "Got these for my son to wear for the new school year.  He absolutely loves them-especially because they're so light-weight and allow his feet to breathe!  Sometimes BB shoes can be extremely heavy and have your feet all sweaty-or at least that's what my son says!  Just a note-Nike's &#34;DO&#34; run 1/2 size smaller than other brands so keep this in mind when ordering.  Also-due to their feather-light weight, I don't expect these to &#34;wear&#34; as well as his Jordan's, but for the price, and how quickly kids feet grow in school-I didn't mind.  GREAT-looking shoes!", "Works great. It's been a couple months and the grips are awesome. I would recommend them to anyone else. The shoes also clear air out fast so your feet don't smell too bad.", "Bought these for my son and we are all very happy with them.  Nice quality, nice fit!  Arrived on time.", "Son unas muy buenas zapatillas y para definitamente valen lo que pague por ellas, el vendedor es muy bueno y cumplido.", "I thought for a bargain like this the sneakers would be low quality but they are very nice and have no problems. Highly recommended seller.", "I could find these shoes in the store, but not in this color or not in my size either.I am very picky about my shoes .these are great for my style and they are durable and lightweight.they are very well ventilated.I have been wearing these this summer.now its october.the cold autumn air that gets into these shoes makes makes your feet freeze.good summertime shoe", "I put these on and they helped me fly.I went to the moon and came back, flying.I hope to take these shoes home, back to Mars.", "I buy shoes all the time. But I really like these. They look good with your Nike gear. You know it looks great when your teenage kids start wearing your clothes. When all we guys want to do is grab something quick to wear w/out thinking about it much. Good thing I had two pair, because my teenage son luvs these shoes. They are really comfortable sort of spongy like walking on cotton candy. Highly recommended!", "They are a great fit, so he loves them.  I was a bit concerned regarding the size, but the size was a true fit.", "I bought these sneakers for my daughter for basketball and she loves them.  Very stylish, comfortable she will defiantly get her wear our of them.", "I play basketball 3-4 days out of the week. I bought two pairs of these. One for indoor and one for out door. They both have been holding up very well. They are light and durable. Lots of air way gets through the shoe, which is nice also. I have no complaints on these shoes whatsoever. Shipping was fast and my box came in great condition.", "purchased for myself I have not had a chance to wear them yet but I looking forward after I but me a new jogging suit.", "Great product... Very comfy and light weight sneakers. They were exactly as advertised and true to fit. I would buy them again", "Absolutely love this shoe. Memory foam built in, light and breathable.  The tounge is built in but still has the normal laces and it goes below the ankle so regular socks are not the greatest with it. This shoe is amazing for anyone that is on their feet all day, athletics, and also for the ladies with problems of the feet (perfect for pregnant woman). True to the size, if you have extra wide feet these might not be for you, their not very narrow but these do come in B and not in W (example: size 7 B ) definitely going to get another pair just maybe in a different color.", "Love the shoes. THey are very comfortable and love the color. They also arrived very quickly and were here in time for Christmas", "ME ENCANTA ES MUY COMODO Y FLEXIBLEEL MATERIAL ES ALGO DIFERENTE SE VE MUY FEMENINOY NO PESA NADA PARECE UN GUANTE", "These are by far the most comfortable tennis shoes I have ever owned! They are so lightweight and makes it easier to workout on the elliptical cross trainer!! Wished I had known about these earlier!", "If you need a good cross training, not running shoe, then I highly suggest these shoes. Especially if you're doing exercises that require a lot of jumping, pivoting and twisting of legs.", "I love these shoes for zumba!  In fact, this is my 4th pair.  I have to search on line for these babies, because they've been discontinued for over a year and are hard to find.  I've located some at TJ Maxx, and this one on amazon.  I wish Nike wouldn't discontinue all of the shoes I love for zumba!", "These shoes made for a perfect mothers day gift! Sacramento summers often average 100-110+ degrees. A lightweight shoe with proper ventilation; a true to Nike size (usually one size up from every other common brand I feel like) good lookin shoe in my opinion. The colorway is different but could be worn with just about anything.", "Runs large but very comfortable and light weight. Shoelaces are a bit cheap. But overall I really like this shoe. I'm also just a light workout person. I don't run only lift, walk, and jump rope", "Wish I could find more. They are really exactly what I wanted.The colors are subtle yet trendy.These are my favorites.", "She tried this shoe on and was happy immediately.  The shoes arrived in perfect condition and look even better than they do in the photo.  They are a comfortable running shoe, and match well with other red clothes.", "These shoes are super comfy. I have an odd shaped foot and they fit better than I expected! Love the memory foam soles. I'm on my feet for the majority of the day and when I wear these my feet hurt less than if I wore my other pair of tennis shoes.", "Know what I like to do?  I like to go to the NIKE official website, scan over all the shoes I'd like to purchase, then come back to Amazon and order the shoes from TheSmartBuy.  They have the shoes in my favorite size and style.  What's crazy is that Sievert's Sports, INC. (TheSmartBuy) is in the state of New York and they shipped these shoes to me USPS Priority Mail, FREE.  That's $12 postage not including handling folks from NY to TEXAS.These Nike Air Max TR 180s are hard to find anywhere.  I hope you can find a pair in your size.  So very comfortable, without socks the shoes feel almost like house slippers.  I'm wearing them now at the computer.  I may not take them outside at all.  Course, they aren't running shoes, so for all around exercising, they are superb.  Quality is #1 too.Thank you Sievert's for the coupon worth $10 off the next purchase.  Between my Amazon Prime Membership goodies and your superb service, I can't go wrong ordering sporting goods, all the way from New York.", "I saw this same shoe in another color for less and waited too long and missed out&#8230; kicking myself. Nice looking and very comfortable.", "Great to find the right style of nike's. They were just as pictured. Will shop here again for more sneakers.", "Better looking in person than in the picture. Very comfortable shoe. Shipped in less than a week. Very pleased with this purchase.", "I usually wear a size 10.5 which is is size I normally wear.... They were at least a half size small.  Otherwise, they're a great looking and had they fit properly, I have no doubt they would be very comfortable.", "These shoes are lightweight and all-day-long comfortable. I'm a school custodian and on my feet all day, and my feet nef=ver feel tired or achy when I wear thses shoes. Probably will be getting another pair in a diffrent color combination.", "foto de los zapatos que quer&iacute;amos ideal para correr ligeros c&oacute;modos y duraderos listos para ir a la carrerafrescos y livianos", "This may be the best shoe I've ever worn. Great look, fit, and comfortable. I receive numerous compliments on the shoe. Own three pairs of the 5.0's. great shoe.", "I wanted to buy the 3.0 shoes but couldn't find it, so I thought that buying the 7.0 would be better because they would had made improvements on them... boy was I wrong! The shoes fit to tight and the upper material is made of some plastic like material, it won't give at all.  My nephew bought the 3.0 and they are the ones I wanted!  I would love my money back!", "This pair of shoes actually look better in person then in the picture and they fit like a glove. the outer material of the shoe is a vynil like material so dont expect it to be cloth or anything like that, they are very comfy and great gym shoes!", "This is my husbands favorite shoe. Hence this is his 2nd pair that are identical. So comfortable and light. Loves them!", "Shoes look great, feel good, a little snug. The design is more modest compared to a lot of the &#34;neon&#34; colored running shoes out lately.", "Looks amazing and feels even better. Lightweight, supportive and well cushioned. BEST SHOE EVER! Been a long time since I raved about a running shoe but this one totally deserves it.", "Usually any pair of Nike Frees that I get in size 14 fit perfect but these seem the be a little too tight. I have a skinny foot, but since these shoes are plastic and not neoprene or mesh, they don't stretch very well and the seem a little too heavy. I wouldn't purchase again.", "Ordered these for my teenage son and he loved them.  He said they were very comfortable and they are obviously stylish.  Highly recommend.", "I like the colors, and the shoe is comfortable and very lightweight.  I use these for an everyday shoe, as well as for an easy light run.", "These shoes look great and feel great. They don't have that runners shoe look to them so you can wear them with dressy clothes.", "I use it a lot. Very comfortable. Easy to clean. Good material and good product from China. Thank you very much.", "Love these shoes. Wear them all the time. Would definitely recommend because of the comfort that you get from them.", "My son loves the sneakers-he says they are the most comfortable sneaker he has ever worn!  I ordered them right before school and they arrived on time!!!", "OK I like the sneakers but they look like they came from Marshall&#8217;s. The front of the sneakers do not even come close to matching up on is kind of pointed while the other is more rounded. Aside from that they are comfortable.", "I ordered two pairs of these sneakers. They work great for my feet and look nice. I do a lot of walking in the city and they hold up well. My only complaint is the white bottom can get dirty easily.", "I bought this shoe to do running and crossfit.  It has done very well in the running department.  It is very light and is great for either sprinting or a little bit longer running.  The farthest I have ran in them was 6 miles and I got a little bit of a blister on my big toe but that could have just been the fact I didn't work them in before doing that long of a run.  As for crossfit they work well for most things I have encountered.  This is obviously not the best shoe for olympic lifting with it's design but I have done that in these as well.  Overall I am very pleased with this shoe.", "I bought these from a local shoe store but thought I would share my feedback for those looking into these. Normally I wear cheap DC loafers or something but seen these when taking a family member shoe shopping. These looked absolutely awesome and I could use a good pear of athletic shoes.I wore these for about a week and took them back. Number one, the back of these shoes was scraping into my Achilles's really bad. They got blistered and read. Number two, I was cleaning my room wearing these for only a couple hours and the instep of my foot got really sore (where the arch support in these shoes are is). Additionally the sides of my big toes hurt as well.I would hate to try running in these things. For $60 bucks, I was expecting a more comfortable shoe that wouldn't scrap the back of my Achille's. I returned these shoes. I wish they worked about because I loved the style of them but they were just hurting my feet a bit too much.", "Hubby likes these and likes this kind of Nike, however be aware that the blue part in these is a bit funky ~ to borrow an expression from him.  Otherwise great shoes, and the color is not a deal-breaker. He liked the fit as always.  Nike's are always good investments for him and the price is right.  Just wanted to give others the heads up about the blueness of that part of the shoe ~ not bad, just a little different that what he's seen before in his shoe choices.", "The shoes are described correct. My husband said he felt like his toes were elevated like it had too much arch for comfort.so we retuned them.", "I love these shoes, I wear them to the gym, concerts, anywhere I know I will be moving. They make great shuffle shoes because they slide great on concrete but they also have great traction on the treadmill.", "I ordered this pair of shoes for my fianc&eacute; in a size 12.  He loves them and says they fit perfectly!", "Although the shoe is attractive and extremely light. They are not comfortable! I can't run due to knee problems so I use an elliptical machine. My feet were burning ten minutes into my workout. The soles are very hard.", "They fit exactly like my husband expected them to fit and he loves them&#128516; They are very comfortable and just the right size for his foot!!", "Not quite as much support as I would like but I think I will get used to it. Satisfied with purchase.", "I bought these shoes because my feet used to hurt a lot when I did Insanity. These shoes feel great, they have great support, breathe great, have tons of grip and I just feel like wearing them all the time. I am now doing Insanity Asylum 2 now and the shoes keep delivering peak performance as I do the craziest workouts you could imagine. I recommend them 100%.", "Inner sole's of shoes are poor.  No feet support, and hurt your feet after wearing for about 4 hours.  Shoe looks great, not comfortable after a period of time.  My feet and knees hurt after wearing to work.", "I love these shoes. I go hiking and walking in these shoes and they are very comfortable. They are nice and supportive on the feet so you have an extra bounce.", "I bought these for my Dad and he wears a size 9 in all shoes. These were too small, had to go up to 9.5. Otherwise they look great but could use more cushioning.", "Pros:I get a lot of compliments with this shoe, Its unique and functional/causal and a cute color combo (brown and orange)Cons:Flat - the soles are similar to Van's where its Flat. If you need some arch support, you'll need to put in inserts and thus order a .5 size bigger.No Ankle support. The ankle and top of the boot is very wide and offers no support. Sometimes I feel like I might roll my ankle if I'm not careful.Over all very cute shoe, I do enjoy wearing them, but I don't wear them as much as I hoped I would because of the lack of arch support and the wide ankle.", "These are the best boots I've ever owned.  Very light and comfortable. I love the cold too.  And I get complements every day I wear them.  Nike, please don't stop making them!", "This boot is great. It is very comfortable. It has a style of its own. It is true to size. The Kingman  Leather Boot is very stylish. This Boot provides a double dress appearance. It is not very  breathable. But, it provide support to the ankle and it is worth the purchase. I have four pair. I always receive positive comments.", "It looks great on my daughter and she is very comfortable with the fit. The color blends with everything she wears.", "I bought these for my son to wear on campus at college.  Very warm and durable walking through all the snow.", "Couldn't wait for Boots to Arrive. On the day I was Supposed to get them they emailed me a stated the boots in my size were defective soo I never received them. I'm really hoping Nike makes more of this style as I've heard nothing but good things about them and I really like the way they look.", "Thank you so much I loved itand it's pretty new as I ordered it and exceptedthank you :", "The Kick Shop would NOT pay returning shipping and said they would keep the SHIPPING FEES because these run SMALL.  These are made more for a boy than a man (as you can read by the reviews here).  I truly believe these are BOYS boots so if you want to get kicked around by The Kick Shop, then buy them.  But my advise is to avoid buying these boots at all costs as you will lose out and The Kick Shop will not honor their merchandise.", "If you don't have narrow feet, you might want to consider ordering a size up.  They are a bit snug.", "Shoe needed to be ordered a half a size  larger but other than that it is a real good boot", "This was a gift and my son was very pleased with the quality and fit.  He was so happy when he received these that he wore them everyday for a week.  He still wears them often.", "II PURCHASED THESE BOOTS FOR MY GRANDSON FOR CHRISTMAS - HE LOVES THEM.  THEY KEEP HIS FEET WARM AND DRY AND HE LIKES THE STYLE.", "i know that they are manufactured in china, and the culture values small feet.  but it feels more like a sports shoe rather than a boot.  so i don't wear wool socks with them unless they are not really thick.", "I chose a five star rating because I absolutely love these boots. A great purchase for the winter months and all the snow we've seen in NYC this winter, these durable and warm boots have kept my feet dry during the most ugly of snow storms. I literally wear these boots all the time.", "i ordered these pair of shoes and they came on the may 3, 2013 and i thought these nice shoe were i repeat were going to fit but they didn't because they were somewhat to big and i was really disappoint with the shoes. I haven't tryed on the shoes until today because i thought they were going to fit but they didn't and now i have a problem. I'm wondering if i should return them and get a pair of different shoes for the same price so this problem could be resolveed. To those who are looking to buy these shoes i wouldn't because you might not get the size that you want, the style looks great its just they might trick you with the size so i give all this 1 star until this could be resolved", "Its all he wears every day to school. In a fashion conscious area (bellevue of the greater eastside ofthe lake washington corridor. Thats something to be said.", "Right shoe was definately noticeably smaller than the left.Cushion in side was paper thin. Put a new liner in so their a little better now.", "Good fit, good construction, excellent support in a training shoe, but has no ventilation at all. It's OK for an hour or 2 in the gym, but probably not for longer wear.", "Very satisfied with this purchase.  Shoes fit true to size.  Very comfortable and sturdy.  Wish they were available in more colors.", "are ok....keep up the good work....nike bravo .....their quality is ok.....price is a little high but to see them after wearing them....soo ...five star ....", "The fit was good just the right size as what should be expected from Nike. The shoe was comfortable a good walk around shoe not ideal for running but a good basic athletic shoes.", "Wish I can give 5 to these sneakers as they look super amazing, but, they are somewhat narrow to my feet and eventually my toes end up in pain.Other than that, the sole is really comfortable, I ALMOST fully enjoyed walking in those.", "I like Nike shoes and these are great I dislike nothing about them. I workout out gym in these and run in them also they are very comfortable I recommend them to anyone who likes running shoe.", "These are great shoes, you will have to break in but after a couple of weeks you will love these shoes. I have 2 pairs of these.", "I waited a whole year to be able to save enough to buy this shoe and I was not disappointed. The product came quickly, and it is very nice product, feels like i am walking on air. Fast shipping, would buy from this seller again.", "These shoes are really comfortble, light weight and great looking. I would have given 5 stars, but they are a litttle to narrow in the toe box.", "These are the classic Nike Cortez construction (circa 1980) including the cool, rounded (not squared) heel.  The color is awesome - - people definitely see these coming!", "Great shoe that gives you a little street cred (I could use a lot more). The safari print makes it really unique, thus making you seem unique as well. Comfortable shoe that works well with shorts or pants. Good value too.", "These shoes are crazy comfy, I am very pleased with them. They have very standard Nike fit and look good with both jeans and shorts.", "I am a librarian and am always on my feet!  These shoes are very comfortable!  These shoes arrived promptly and were just as advertised.", "I like it, they're comfortable and they don't get dirty too often. I owned them for three months now. Good purchase.", "My son loves this style of sneaker.  The look great and he likes how they fit.  Previous pairs of this same model have held up well.", "They are comfortable, I think something expensive in relation to the product. The color of the logo does not match the photo, really were blue.", "They're a little pricey for what they are, but Nike gets away with it because you're buying a &#34;vintage&#34; design. The look and style of the shoe tastefully brings the 80's back, and the thick sole is very supportive and comfortable. Not too firm, and not too squishy; as Goldilocks would say, just right.", "these are one of the best shoes i've ever had.... classic, very comfortable and elegant! big five stars. consider half size down though.", "Nice and comfortable shoes. The retro style is great! Everyone always says something cool about my shoes. The Green Stadium color is so stunning. I just love them!", "Search criteria: Vintage Nike'sThey just don't make 'em like they used to.  The color, style and feel are all great.  These shoes scream vintage Nike and that is exactly what I am looking for.", "my some love it its a litte small than others 9.5 sizes. but he use it is suppose to be size 10 a littke small to be that size. he really neeeds size 10 in this style", "I will never buy a pair of Nike's again unless I can try them on in the store.  They are too inconsistent when it comes to fit.  They run especially narrow.", "Very happy with the sneakers, wanted them two years ago when they retro'd but thank god I got them now for half price! And fast shipping! Very satisfied!", "I was sent some old, used, dirty stinky shoes when I opened up my box. Even worse it wasn't even the shoes I ordered, just some random used shoes someone's been wearing for the last decade. They stuck it in a box and sold it to me for $150. This is disgusting and  ridiculous. Please DO NOT BUY from Watch Colony. You will be unpleasantly surprised!!!", "I bought a pair for my son, he loves them so i had to get a pair, they are very nice", "It was not purchased for my use but the feedback was positive. It fit really well and of course was the envy at the party.", "I bought a size 12. I like buying my shoes 1/2 size bigger and these are tight. The shoe strings also come lose while wearing them", "This shoe should be labeled as a \"Basketball\" shoe. Definetly NOT a cross-trainer. Cross-training requires agility, fast movements, quick change of direction, JUMPING, and other athletic movements that you need \"lighter\" shoes for. This shoe is very heavy, the sole is very thick and does not \"give\" what-so-ever. I can barely bend it with my hands.As far as comfort... it's fine to just walk around in.As far as looks... it is a very stylish shoe.But I give it a 2 because it's bulky, heavy and labeled as a cross trainer and it's the exact opposite.I bought the 2013 NIKE Air Max the same day - after I received these (and was soooo disappointed) and I those are TRUE cross trainers.", "Because my son simple adored and it was everything fine with size a shipment. I recomend it. Thank you very much.", "I wear Most nike products. they have good cushion and durability. I play more than one sport, so this shoe is perfect.", "My husband loves these shoes so much I bought 3 pairs different colors. These shoes last. I won't buy him any other brand! These last!", "These shoes are so nice and comfortable I absolutely love them.  I bought them as a gift for a friend and I am thinking about buying a pair for me.", "They arrived on time, fit well, but....the inside sole padding started to come loose with the 1st day of wear. I'm not surprised by this since this isn't my 1st pair of Cortez I've evr owned (this has been a problem with these shoes before). Bottom line, these shoes are for style, not durability. With that in mind, they're like they've always been for me over the years, ok....", "The only reason I rated these only 4 is &#34;Obsidian&#34; is apparently Dark Blue? I thought black...Had to dye them...Perfect!", "I love the way these sneakers look. I bought two pair, one for work and one for home. I have always loved the look of the Nike Cortez since I saw my gym teacher wear them back in 1978. These are my favorite sneaker!", "great shoes i will order more ,thanks for the good service. i love this shoes, there awesome. and fit comfortable", "Throw back shoes. I love them.Thank you. Eeal throw backs, looks great and old school. my husband will love them for Christmas.", "The leather Nike Cortez shoes are ther4i most comfortable. It used to be avaiable in several colors but is now hard to find in solid black. Why?", "My boyfriend loves these sneakers.  He wears them with jeans and t-shirts or sweaters.  No matter what, they look great.  They are now his favorite sneakers.", "I have wanted these sneakers since I was a kid. I was never able to find them in colors I liked, until now. The quality is excellent and they arrived early. They are comfortable and just have that classic look. Very well made. I would order again.", "I really like these shoes because they can go with anything. Black never goes out of style. I was hoping to find these in 6 1/2 but size 7 still fits well.", "It is hard to believe that I would be the first to review this sneaker since it has been around for a dozen years and is the best designed and most comfortable shoe made by Nike. I am glad it is still available.", "You get what you pay for. Cheap cheap cheap made. Not real, and if they are they must make them different because these shoes are sharkeisha.", "I choose the rating of 5 stars because these Nike Cortez's is exactly what I was looking for. I wish they came in Purple with a White Nike symbol, Red and White.", "Yes a very nice buy here folks everyone loves them brand new with box new scent up love it! my hole clips wants to get some", "I love the shoes they the price was very good my kids really love them had been wanting them for a while!!!", "Retro look, buy a half size bigger unless you won't be able to use the strap for anything but a fashion accessory.", "I bought this for my teenaged son and he just loves them.  This pair has become his go too lucky sneakers!!!", "Love these kicks. I'm a early 90's sneakerhead and had to have these. When someone told me they found them DS (deadstock) and retail, I didn't hesitate. Great pickup. Now I need the Miami dolphins colorway", "I was first hesitant to buy from this company..couldn't believe the shoes I wanted was so cheap..took the chance and glad I did.  I order my shoes late July 10th...the shipment went out July 11th..and I was looking at and wearing my shoes July 12th..fast delivery even for the USPS system..and it also helped that I paid for expedited shipping...will shop with this company again. Received them in the original box and packaging and the last pair of 8 left at that price. :)", "I love these shoes and I get compliments on them everytime I wear them.  I have not seen anyone with them yet and I like that!", "I bought a pair of brown tip Clean Sweeps from Foot Locker in 2013.. I've been looking for the all black pair ever since then!! I just so happened to search for them on Amazon and they had them in my size!! I received the shoes in less than a week, in original box and packaging.. I still get compliments on my old pair so I know these are going to get action too!! LOL.. Thanks!!!", "The shoes arrived on time and in great condition in original box.  My friends can't believe that the shoes arrived so fast and that they look so good on my feet", "Wldve gave all stars but like so many high top sneakers I buy they rub my ankle plus it seems as if ever sneaker I buy off of amazon are made of really tough material..good sneak for the price..received a lot of compliments", "Good quality, Cortez are so hard to scuff and they are easy too clean. I recommend you try a pair I have four different colors", "Probably the coolest sneakers I have ever seen for a guy! My husband lovesthem and he can wear them for dinner in the city or just hanging out.  Want toupgrade your closet fast...get them!", "Leather is a little tough and will take some time to break in but it's just as pictured.  Really like these shox.", "I wanted to look cute at the gym so I got these it took some getting used to but I really like them kind of tight at first but stretched slightly.  I'm not in love with them but they are nice. My one girlfriend is obsessed with them!", "I have oodles of shoes & I'm not a fan of these! I was looking for a pair of Nike shox to replace my old ones. Well these I've worn quite a bit and they just don't want to loosen up and break in! I spend 8hrs on my feet @ work & my feet were killing me! I tried inserts and even taking my insoles from my old pair and putting them in these-not much better...would suggest buying mesh shox!!!", "I had to really do some research to find a leather shoe as they all now have that mesh stuff on the tops and sides.  They leak water and are so not cute.  Love this shoe, all leather.  Always wear &#34;Shocks&#34; and this shoe is the perfect footwear on the job.  Definitely recommend.  True to size and width.  Fits perfectly!", "This is so lovely.Very comfortable to wear.It is made of durable material, I've  used it for almost a month now with no complaint.It looks good on jeans and chinos matching variety of colors perfectly.I strongly recommend this for any one interested in a durable,comfortable and fanciful foot wear.", "Pretty good shoes but they were somewhat on the small size. Still love them.", "Bought these as a gift for myself for becoming mayor of my gym.  Right after, everyone began purchasing the pink ones and they're super trendy!  I love these ones because they are not as &#34;loud&#34; as the pink, but still cute and bright.  As all Nike frees are, they are super comfortable and I wear them everywhere now...", "Never in my life have i worn a more comfortable pair of shoes. I love these! The only reason i gave 4 stars instead of 5 is because they run a little small. After wearing them a few days though they are broken in and fit just fine! Love them!", "I bought these and they came from China. Very cheaply made they are not even comfy. Don't waste your money or time. I'm hoping I can return them. They are made of very hard plastic and glued together.", "These are available on zappos.com for $100 I don't know why they are priced here for almost $500! Hope no one wastes the money. BONUS they come in 4 other colors!", "I absolutely love these shoes! Perfect for lifting! I'd like to buy more but idk where I can find them", "These shoes are great if you have the right size! Order a size bigger and you cant go wrong, wear my for work because I am my feet all day and they are great", "I love them! They came quick. They are not the normal black free runs that everyone has, they have a bit of a cheetah print to them!", "I bought these shows from Ladies foot locker and they are my favorite shoes.  They run a little small (I wear a 9 to 9 1/2 and I got these in a 10)  I wear these shows everywhere they are AMAZING!!!!", "Got a pair, and the post did not say wether they are true size or not. I bought my size and they are too small. I would go up a half size from your normal size if you want to buy! I wish someone would have put this in the description.", "This shoes is about 2 sizes too small. Such a disappointment! Now I have to return them and go through more hassle. Seems like a knock off.", "This is my first written review ever.  I got the dark gray leopard print and I ordered 1/2 size up, as was recommended.  They fit great (I usually wear a 7.5 but ordered an 8).  I don't run, but I do walk and when I walk around the track in these, my lower legs and feet do not hurt afterward.  I put on my old new balance running shoes and walked around the track another day, just to compare, and there is no comparison because even though those are more \"padded\" in the insole, my feet hurt.  These Nikes mold to your feet and are so light, it feels like you have no shoe on.  Yet they give support.  I don't know how it works.  Other shoes just feel so heavy compared to these.As a matter of fact, I love these leopard prints so much that I'm \"saving\" them for \"casual\" wear and am ordering a solid color pair (because they're cheaper) to use as my real \"exercise\" shoes since I do not want to stink up or wear out my gray leopards.", "I was so lucky to order mine! The last pear in my size too. Winner!! They are even cuter in person. Plus they fit comfortable and light. I love em'", "You can buy these at finish line for $100! Don't overpay.  They are very comfortable but as others have said, they do run small.", "So I was a little worried about getting this package today because all of the other reviews but when it showed up and I opened the box I was more then happy with my purchase. They weren't falling apart, they are not cheaply made, I didn't see any glue lines,  the soles were not hard , in fact they were exactly what I expected and wanted. Very cute shoes!  The only thing that I did find to be true about the other reviews is that this shoe does run small there for I would definitely recommend ordering a half size lager", "You can get these at Zappos for $100. Not sure why they are so expensive on here. I wouldn't waste my money.", "Omg so cute! Really really want, 200 is a little expensive though :( hopefully they will go down a little because they are so cute!", "these shoes arent even released... these are knock offs. you are stupid if you pay this much for these, they arent even real", "I just got these today and was sooooo excited!! When I saw the shipping box, it showed the shoes came from China...that made me very skeptical. Then when  pulled the shoes out, the fabric on the instep of the inside of  both shoes was coming off. The glue wasnt holding it on very tight...a bit sloppy...like someone had done it themselves (i.e. not NIKE) I wouldnt have bought them if I knew the seller was not in the U.S.Not happy I spent so much for a potential knock off...", "These running shoes are soo cute but Really!!! Can't believe these go for so much here!! They really cost 100 dollars ..Riiiippp offs!", "You can buy these shoes at Lady Foot Locker for $100.00The real Nike sneakers!!These are fake---- don't waste your money!  Go to the Mall.... you will find them", "These shoes are released and they're 100 dollars at Lady's Footlocker.They run half a size small and are at first a bit tight.", "My hubby ordered these for one of my Christmas presents and they got here way sooner than expected! They're comfy, lightweight, and BEAUTIFUL!", "We sent these sneakers to my son for Xmas and the picture didn't do them any justice. &#34;They are beautiful and comfortable and the leather is like butter&#34; these are my son's words. Great value as well!", "Son is picky with his kicks as he says lol and the toe creased within an 8 hr period of just sitting around. For the money they should be better made.", "I like these. They are comfortable and casual and I like the color a lot. I like the simple design. I will like them even more after they stop looking so new.", "The sneakers are brand new, perfect! They are very comfortable and I really like it!! They are the same as in the photo!", "Make them in black!  Bought them for my husband.  He said they are a little tight around the toes, but he had wide feet. He also said the padding was comfortable.", "The length was fine, but the width was narrow and I usually wear a D width. I didn't like the plastic look either.Wanted a real leather look.", "I said give me two pairs(cause) I need two pairsWe up in footlocker I'm looking like I need those", "The soles of these shoes are very thin.  Not much better than Old Navy flip flops are they are way cheaper!", "Hi friend, what the size this shoe? I need the size 14 mens, if you have please, response me.thank you.", "Can someone please tell me how to find the size for this shoes. I've been trying to find out but haven't been able to figure it out.", "I will love to this shoes but I want to know if have a 9.5 or a 10 in shoes size let us know", "GreAt shoe at good price the size was not listed. I was searching for size 10 and size not listed so I assume this was size 10 but they was size 11 but it cost more than I saved to send back and my son liked so much he didn't mind they was big.... So FYI make sure it is size your looking for before buying.", "I'm not even sure it was Nike.  It was about 2 sizes smaller than what the size said (couldn't barely even get my foot in the shoe), and it was very cheaply made and very cheap plastic.  I smell a rat.", "I absolutely love these shoes. Fits perfect and the compfort is amazing. I may be getting more in this style. thank you", "I have worn the same size Nike Shox for over 15 years. The left shoe is a 1/2 size smaller than the stated size, and the right shoe a full size smaller.  On top of the trouble, I have to pay to return this defective item.  Think twice before ordering.", "These shoes were made for walking. Their comfortable and easy on style. The black color. Means I can where them with all colors.", "the shoes fit well but I tried playing in them and they ended up hurting the front of my feet.", "I've been wearing this shoe for about 2 months now and I dont have anything negative to say about them. The stability and traction are great on them, and best of all is the cushioning and durability. I could drag my toes on the ground multiple times day after day and still would see very little damage. Highly recommended!", "Well, nike is always nice!  What can I say, I got this for my boyfriend, and he loves it. Everything as expected and described.", "I bought these shoes for a friend and she loved them. I wouldn't buy shoes for me online though, because I need to try them first.", "Nice shoe, came as expected only issue was that we noticed some dirt on both toes, as if someone wore them before...otherwise good purchase for the price.", "Very disappointing - my daughter has been a size 9 in cleats for many years - so i ordered these shoes - although marked on them as a 9, they were a size smaller - the vendor would not take them back.  Shoes were so small, that she tried to wear them and her feet were numb for 2 days after!  We held them up to her old cleats which were a 9, and that is when we discovered they were a size smaller.  The vendor was very inflexible and I will never order from them again!  It is unclear whether it was Nike's fault or the vendor's though.  Do not buy these cleats off the internet - make sure your daughter or you try them on live.", "Bought these for my daughter and she loves them! Comfort & style.... A winner!! Will be wearing them for field hockey as well!", "I had these cleats and I wear them during games and practices. I had Nike cleats before these and they were very durable and so are these", "My daughter loves the cleats and they are comfortable, but she is a pitcher and has only wore them a couple of times and is already getting a hole by the toe.", "we just got her a pair of Nike shoes and these cleats ran just a tad larger than the shoes (which is good for us as she is still growing like a weed).  She loves them.", "this item was too small so we sent it back and ordered a larger size, my grand daughter was sorry to see them go back because she loved the color and would have like to wear them to her game on the day she received them, well we all have to sacrifice something like i told her. The next pair are real nice too,,,,", "Very cute shoes. Comfortable and durable. I just love how these look and feel. I would purchase again. Go nike", "The shoes are awesome, they are just like expect, the color is amazing and with a good material, it demonstrate the quality of nike shoes", "Fits perfectly; awesome for indoor soccer;I have a bit wide feet and took a day to break in.Love the control you have on the ball and the grip on non-wet floor.", "The fit and function of these cleats is great, so we'll keep buying them, but the soles do split apart from the shoes after a while.  Seems like we need to replace them every 6 months of hard use.  I hear this is typical for soccer cleats, but I know the Adidas ones did not have this issue.  (On the other hand, they were not as nice to play in...)", "Great fit, nice cushioning inside.Robust, loosened up after using a couple of times, have a minor problem with laces, which loosen up sometimes", "it is awesome. I was very very very very pleased wit this product...... im very happy with this shoe....... very", "This shoes fit awesome... I have a problem with width on many boots ... especially in the heal.  This fit really well in heal and in toebox... and people can't miss you on the floor.  Matched with my royal blue socks they look a little oompa loompaish...", "Looks even better in person...fits well...comfortable and very very nice to look at...if u wanna stand out...this is for u...", "muy buenos zapatos para el futbol sala , son comodos , resistentes y de muy llamativo color . el naranja se ve exelente en unos zapatos deportivos", "I love my Futsal shoes, they are extremely comfortable because they have cushion on the sides and they have great arch support.  Also almost anyone can wear the vibrant hot pink color, because the colors are so bright you will stand out exceptionally.  After I used these shoes I noticed that these shoes hardly ever slide or skid.Although they have all of these great qualities, they also have a few disappointing ones.  First, they are skinnier than just regular tennis shoes, so if you have wider feet then you may want to go with something else.  Secondly, because they are made with all of these great qualities they are a little spendy, other than that they are perfect Futsal shoes and they are like heaven to me.So if you play soccer and you want to play soccer in the winter then I recommend these shoes.  I recommend these shoes because they are extremely sturdy, and they lasted years and they are still in the same condition that I got them in.  Again, I would definitely buy another pair when they wear out.", "Fits well, very comfortable & excellent ball control. I would reccomend this product to any one who loves the sport.", "Bought these for my daughter and she loves them. So far so good as she has only worn them for about a week.I guess we will see how they wear ?", "Unlike Adidas, Nike always had a fit problem. Other than that, seems that all Europe is using Nike's on the fields, at this time.", "Amazing shoes! Delivered earlier than i thought..This shoe has a very good fit especially for those who have narrow feet. Good feel for the ball and  overall very happy with my purchase!", "THE SHOES GOT TO ME QUICK AND THEY WERE EXACTLY WHAT I EXPECTED THEM TO BE. I WOULD RECOMMEND SOMEONE ELSE TO GET THEM.", "helo my friend realy i wanna to tell u that shoes that i wear was very very very nice for meand i will bought 2 another continue with another new special thanks 4 u", "These shoes are perfect for soccer and they are very comfortable also. The description matches exactly and the size is perfect.", "I chose this rating because my grandson put them on and was soooo happy.then it happened..they were too big and we had to send them back.  I am stillwaiting for refund..there were total tears this is the shoe he had hoped for.I hope to be able to get some others similar for outdoor as his indoor soccer willbe over by the time a refund comes and another pair is purchased if they are evenavailable..But they did meet all his expectations...", "Never had a pair of Nike Air. These shoes are comfy and stylish....never thought I'd be wearing green and white shoes in my 20's lol.", "these are nice shoes I have problems with my foot and need a harder soul. These fit the bill thanks", "This price is more than double of what I bought them for... shame on the people who are taking customers for a ride... price gouging out of greed. The Nike stores are selling these shoes @ $39.95... They are really comfortable and lightweight. The shield protects wearers from getting wet feet while running or walking after a rainfall. Love the shoe, but would never pay this way over-priced amt.", "these shoes are light, flexible and comfortable.i wear a size 8 normally, have somewhat wide feet and it worked out perfectly!i've gotten several compliments on my shoes.however, i bought them from the nike outlet for less than $50 -- on clearance!lucky me.  get a pair, you won't regret it.", "This is my new favorite shoe at the moment. They are so comfortable.My only complaint is the Nike symbol on the shoe has rubbed off in some areas and I have no idea how.", "True to its size, but if you want to use them with heavy socks go a half size up. Super comfortable!!! Fit like a glove!!!.", "The shoes do not match each other. I need to return them. The lace area is crooked and is very noticeable.", "They are not very comfortable.  They hurt my toes and I would not recommend them to anyone.  I usually like Nike products.", "Like shoe very much", "I have been wearing the Air Pegasus exclusively for a few years now. Perfect as always.", "Love, love this walking/runny shoe...  Keep making them Nike", "I love these shoes and they are very hard to find.  Perfect shoe especially for off road.I wished they would continue making this model of shoe because it is well designed and has the large toe box..Was so glad to find them.thank you", "A good sturdy shoe, it has held up in all conditions. A little stiff to begin with, but I really like it once I have worn it for a couple of weeks.", "Love these shoes, great cushion. I run in these, do boot camp in them and have had no issues! also, they are so cute", "Lunarglides are the most comfortable shoe I've ever had on my feet . They are so light and soft .i would recommend these shoes to anyone who works standing all day or if you walk or run. Never had shoe that didn't rub my feet for the first few days I wore them. These shoe don't rub with or without socks . I have 3 pairs and I love them . Seller was ahead of time on delivery.", "LOVE, LOVE, LOVE.... have gotten many compliments on the color and they are very comfortable for running. Would highly recommend.", "Omg I love these shoes . I wear nike's but never lunarglide 4 these are the mot comfortable running shoes I've ever had on my feet. The color is awesome , being a purple lover. I would recommend these shoes to anyone that has to walk a lot , or stand on your feet all day. And running . Seller was fast.", "Nike Lunar Glade is most perfect sport shoes I ever had.You just have to know exactly  what size you want and you will be very  satisfied about your request.Thank you!", "have 3 pairs great colours wore the 1st pair on 3 mile beach walk no blisters just comfortable fabulous shoes", "Washed them and after dry the bottom melted. First time it happens with any of my sneakers. I think these are fake.", "This is my second pair and I love walking or skipping rope with them I bounce in the air. You can not wear them inside a gym for example because it slips. They are out door running shoes.", "I bought these for my sister, who has very normal size 7.5 feet, and they fit her perfectly.  I always get her Nike, as I know it will fit (which is great since she can't very well try them on if they are a gift).  She liked the look/colors a lot.  Mostly though, they are very comfortable for her and predictably fit well.  I've probably bought her about 5-6 pairs of Nikes, all 7.5, over the years, and they always fit perfectly.I'm not a runner, so I won't comment on that aspect, but she tells me that her feet do not over/underpronate, are neither wide nor narrow, and have normal arches - and that Nike fit her best.", "I ordered this in a 7.5 and typically that size of shoe fits fine. However, the only way I can wear this shoe is if I don't wear any socks at all, which is not optimum for me. Other than that, it is a comfortable shoe and doesn't bother my arch pain at all.", "I LOVE the color....nice & vibrant....I've received several compliments. They're extremely comfortable for running, walking, aerobics, zumba the treadmill and elliptical...", "shoes is just exactly what I've request.So you can try it  with no problem.You just have to know exactly size you want.Thank you!", "My daughter just love these shoes. Lightweight and comfortable. Producer gives each the right to select colors for your liking, making each copy unique shoes", "If my size 9.5 were available I would order two pairs immediately.", "Love the shoes.  This is my third pair and I have to say, this is my favorite yet!!  Sturdy for trail running yet very light and easy on the feet.  I wear professional orthotics inside the shoe and this, combined with the quality of the shoe makes my feet very happy.  I will definitely buy the next model as the Nike Air Pegasus is the perfect shoe for those of us who run a little heavy and need the extra support.", "Very comfortable shoes. My wife really likes the color. Air soles are the most comfortable shoes on the market. Buy these.", "My wife loved the looks of it that even if it doesn't have cushioning, she said she'll just keep it coz its cute looking. She said she might just get some insole inserts to make her running with this shoes comfy...hopefully.", "I went into my local DSW to buy the same old Keds I've been wearing for several years. I recently started going to the gym and thought I might as well look into a pair a shoes to work out in. I spotted Nike Relentless. I WILL NEVER BUY A PAIR OF SHOES THAT ARE NOT COMFORTABLE FROM THE FIRST! I put these on and bam! Instant comfort. I need cushion for the thinnest part of my body - the bottom of my feet. I feel they have plenty of cushion for my way of walking, however, I am NOT a runner so I don't know if they would be a good running shoe. I can wear them to work, and as an educational aide, I am on my feet most of the day. They are a great workout shoe as well. I'm not one to notice what people are wearing, but people at the gym and at school have commented on how nice my Nikes are. Are they comfortable? YES! I noticed that they are full price ($75) on Amazon.com, so I'm happy to say I paid $60 at DSW. I would highly recommend these shoes.", "Nike is the only brand that I know will absolutely fit my foot when I buy an 8M.  Once again, this has proved true, with a perfect fit right out of the box.  This time I was surprised by the shoe's light weight and its open-weave, breathable material used in the foot cover.  That makes them the most comfortable summer tennie I've ever had!", "I had a great experience purchasing this item.  I think the price was a great value for the shoe and they are very comfortable.  I love these sneakers!", "Still using them after a years purchase and works wonder with my feet. I work on my feet alot and it helped out tremendously.", "Shopping for running shoes online requires a lot of finger crossing and hoping. More often than not, the shoes are uncomfortable in some way or look weird. This pair of Nike running shoes is exactly what I wanted, style, color, fit and comfort. A true size 8, possibly on the narrow side but not too much. These are really cute shoes, they are light-weight yet have good bottom and side support. They feel good to run in. The price is right, too. Love 'em!", "These wear  a gift for my daughter. She throughly enjoyed them. They for work and walking, the comfortable and fit great and loves this product", "All great shipping took a bit long but shoes r great. Will defy order again. Fit and look was just as stated.", "I have never ordered any shoes or clothing online because I am hard to fit.  These shoes are perfect and I will be ordering more in the future.  Thank you!", "These shoes are extremely comfortable. I received them as a birthday gift. The sizes run exact, so you don't have to be concerned about them not fitting you.They're more comfortable than my under armour running shoes,Definitely recommend them!", "disponivilidad del articulo muy rapida la entrega excelente zapato todo llego conforme a lo q se acordo buen vendedor excelente", "Excelente la compra llego tal cual como se esperaba muy responsable lo recomiendo para futuras compras me gusto el articulo", "I am a Nike athletic shoe lover. Because I have a narrow foot and also am flat-footed, I have been buying Nike shoes for years because they offer a wide-range of shoes that offer good stability and motion-control. They also run narrower than most other brands. These are a good replacement for my old favorite, the Structure Triax.", "El producto le sirvi&oacute; a la perfecci&oacute;n a mi esposa. El dise&ntilde;o y la calidad, t&iacute;pico de Nike, es de &oacute;ptimas condiciones. Recomiendo estos zapatos para caminar y trotar (bueno, fueron hechos para eso). EXCELENTE PRODUCTO!!!!", "I love these shoes. They are super comfortable and I love the colors. I have received many complements on them. Great price for Nike. Very happy customer.", "i love these runners, great price and beautiful colour, absolutely love them and they are so comfythank you so much!!", "My daughter is very happy with this wonderful Nike athletic shoes. It is as it is described in the item. Absolutely in Love with it.", "These shoes are extremely comfortable, have a great arch, and are by far my favorite tennis shoes. Very satisfied with this purchase!", "Soooo happy with these running shoes...my feet feel as if I am in slippers and are so cool and breathable for summer wear@school and anyplace else. Fit me well as I have a narrow foot. So pleased I purchased three colors since they were so great for the price!", "I rarely buy new shoes but I love these!  They are so comfortable, much more so than the New Balances I usually buy.", "I got this runnig shoes at another online store and I was concerned about the size, cause I have other pair half size bigger, but I ordered this just my size, and its true to size. They very confortable and the color is so bright thai it shines in the dark... nike just doesn't dissapoint me in any way.", "They are light-weight and comfortable, a great pair of shoes to throw on for running errands.  I did change the shoe laces to white, as the bright, neon orange was just not me.  But, they are really cute with the neon laces if that's your style.", "The shoes are beautiful they are feminine without being girly. Very comfortable and lightweight. I would definitely recommend to anyone.", "Im very excited , i have this very good shoes, now i can run to everywhere, and go to the gym.", "Got these for my daughter but she did not like them. My wife however, enjoys them greatly and they are now her &#34;go to&#34; footwear for outdoor activities. She describes them as comfortable and quite light on her feet.", "These shoes fit perfectly and the colors were super cute. The price and the quality of these shoes were great. So happy with my purchase!", "Great running shoe for a consistent runner. Lightweight and breathable. Bright colors are reflective when running at dusk or at night.", "I love the color of the shoes, and the breathable fabric, but for some reason, this shoe rubs against my foot at my bit toe, and is a very uncomfortable fit.", "I bought these for my youngest daughter's 15th birthday present and she LOVES LOVES LOVES them!!! Thank You so much!", "Great product, I like the type of shoesand quality of the product, it fitted correctly. I use it almost everyday", "My favorite shoes ever! They're so light and comfortable and I've ran almost 100 miles in them and they still have life!", "I love pink and I love gray!! These shoes are very nice and very comfy!!:) And they had arrived fast!", "I have searched and searched for shoes to wear as I do my Insanity workout. These are amazing! Fit perfect, love these and will buy another pair.", "Love the fit and feel, it is a  wonderful workout shoe! The shoe fits true to size and is so light you feel like you are walking on air!", "I bought this shoe for my daughter who is doing some running to increase her stamina for dance. Nikes are her best fit and she loves these. The flexible sole seems to keep shin splints at bay.", "These shoes are perfect for working out. They are fit, light and comfortable. they dont hurt my feet at all, but I did buy a 7 1/2 and I normally wear a 7.", "So confortables! Supportives! They have really improved my performance, I used them for boot camp and running. The only thing is that I bought them like 2 months ago and they already are showing some wear off signals!! Lets hope they last at least to the end of the year although I was specting they to last a whole year.", "My sister loved the shoes I gave her. Are great to run. And also love the desing. Good product thanks", "I love these shoes!  I received on time and am totally satisfied.  These are the most comfortable shoes I have ever owned!", "Great shoes! I love the pink and the style and they are very comfortable! I would so buy again! thanks.", "I love these shoes! I love them so much, I have three different colored pairs of them! They are comfortable enough for you to walk around in all day the first day you get them. Because of the mesh, there is a minimal breaking in period.", "Bought these for my daughter, she loves them. Very comfortable, holding up well, and stylish. They tend to run a little small so I ordered her 1/2 size bigger than usual and they fit great.", "I am very satisfied with this shoe. The color is great and the fit is perfect. They are very light and comfortable. Would definately buy again in a different color. Only complaint is that they were a little tight by the toes at first but once i got them broken in they were great!", "Comfortable. Nice fit. Looks great. Who can give nike a bad review?", "i really loved the nike flex experience rn the size was great, the colours really lovely!! the model very confortable", "I buy these a half size larger than I usually wear and I'm a walker not runner but from the moment I put them on I've loved them! This particular model of the Nike Flex is so incredibly lightweight that until you actually handle the shoe, you won't believe it. This exact style has been modified midfoot on the outside of the shoe and I can't say how the inside fits, but this particular model is heaven for my achy middle aged feet. I already completely wore one pair out, this is my second.", "order this sneakers in the right size but they did not fit right was tight on the toes. sent it back took a long time for my refund............ still waiting.", "These can as expected and are extremely comfortable. I can walk for hours feeling cushioned & not have aching feet  which is wonderful! I  would highly recommend these shoes , great price, great quality!", "I bought these a while back and love them.  They are so comfortable to run in as well as do weight training in.  I just got some ASIC Noosa Tri 9 to run instead of the Nike's however, I feel the Nike's are better padded.  The quality of the shoe is great, but I've always found that Nike has really good quality tennis shoes! Plus this ones look super cute :)", "I have wide feet and a high instep. These shoes are fine for my width, but there's not enough fabric to go across the top of my foot without leaving an ugly gap between the tongue and the lace holes. These shoes also have a high heel that rubs a blister on my heel even with thick socks on. They look fine- a little clunky for my taste, but otherwise are just so so.", "The sneaker fits nice, and offers alot of support. be careful when you order - the product claims to be wide-width, but when you order, look at the sizes, not all are wide width!  B's are regular, C/D is wide.", "I ordered a pair for my daugher and loved them so I decided to order myself a pair in a different color. I ordered WIDE to have more room across the top of my foot and in the toes. While they fit, they were not wide. Compared them to my daughters regular width, and her shoes actually felt the same. Had several people try them on and all agreed they were not wide. Gave them to my sister.", "These are really nice shoes. I play tennis in mine and have noticed that they are exceptionally comfy and &#34;easy on the eye&#34;.Would Totally Recommend.", "My last pair of Nike sneakers lasted 3 years ! This is a well made product that is quality plus. I wear them everyday and have really put them to the test. Shipped quickly . Nike does run a bit small as I have experienced in the past, so while I normally wear a 5 1/2. I ordered a 6. Perfect, and its not always easy to find smaller sizes available.  But  Nikes got them ! Yay Nike, and Amazon ! Great price.", "I would definitly by this shoe again and more like it. Which shouldn't be hard because it comes in so many colors.", "This is the most beatiful sneaker I ever saw. very light. very comfy. not thick. perfect for Miami.Highly recommend it.", "There beautiful. and all the drama and hell i Gave ups,fox news and amazon.com the shoes were well worth the hassel and i actually got the pink and gray ones. loved it. and sorry amazon customer serverice", "I put them on and never had to break them in. They are super comfy and i love running in them because they have great support and are light weight", "These shoes are great for comfort. I don't do much running but love to go walking or to the park with my kids in them! They look great with jeans too! Would reccomend :)", "I really like these shoes. I would highly recommend these for anyone who has to work and be on their feet all day. It feels as though I'm walking on carpet. I look forward to purchase more similar to these in a different colors", "A very good buy. This shoe is of excellent quality, very well made&#8203;&#8203;. It is just the measure of the foot, do not mind at all. I can walk and I do not mind the shoes. Very good combination of colors.", "Just what I needed in a light weight shoe for treadmill and other gym work. I've gotten many complements on classy not too loud appearance, they are fun to wear.", "I wear it for work everyday and I cannot be happier. I walk and stand all day and I don't feel any pain.", "These shoes are okay, I'd say they are good quality. They are a bit heavy on the feet, but I don't get tired in them. True to size, I just wish I should of saved my money on better Nikes.", "they are a great fit I wore them to work all day and they were comfortable , I really like them .", "Not as much support as I would have liked but they are comfortable.  No doubt, I am happy with the purchase.", "is not necesary really say too much, mi wife is happy with those sport shoes, my too I like it thans.", "These are by far my fave sneakers now I just can't live without them; they are just so comfy & cute!", "I purchased the Nike Women's DOWNSHIFTER 5 Running Shoes.  They fit great.  Great experience shopping online.  Would recommend and plan to purchase again in the future when the need arises.", "I love this sneaker. I have narrow feet and these fit fantastic. They are well made and very comfortable for this 60+ lady.They are still comfortable after wearing all day and the colors are so nice, right in style!", "I chose this rating because the shoe was just a bout everything I expected, comfort, quality and good looks. I didn't give it a 5 so that it had some room to improve. I would recommend this product to anyone. It's the Nike brand, what can I say?", "I bought this as a present for my gf.she loves then, they are very confortable, light and they look great.", "love these running shoes. Doing the Color me Rad 5k looking forward to wearing these shoes, not happy to get them dirty ...beautiful looking running shoe, colors are amazing", "I love it!I use these to workout. They're cute and fit just how I expected! They have a nice arch in my foot, but not too much that it hurts.", "Thank you for the great prices! I am enjoying my jogs a lot more and many compliments. I recommend to any runners!", "They are okay. Not as good as expected. I don't wear them often but I got them for a good price.", "The shoes are super comfy, and fit true to size.  I would definitely buy them again.  They are pretty cute on, too.  :)", "I love these shoes!! I don't regret buying these...but they are not suitable for rain. Other than that, it's fine!!", "Very good quality shoes. They are Very comfy an even though brand new! Definitely recommend! Going for Nikes from now on.", "I purchased these for my mom and she LOVED them!! They fit perfect! AND LOOKED VERY CUTE and i loved the color", "Super comfortable, i love those. i am going to gym and doing zumba in those! very satisfied with this purchase.", "probably the most comfortable shoe I currently own. First shoe I didn't have to break in. Relaced them to widen the toe box, lots of give due to the mesh/fabric. I love them!", "I am a fan of Nike shoes.  They fit me perfectly and they hold my foot firmly in place.  I have worn only Nike running shoes for 15 yrs.", "The running shoes were gift and the recipient expressed great satisfaction.The shoes lived up to lofty expectations. Thank you.", "I have never worn Nikes because they were always to small and narrow - the LunarGlide series is not only not narrow it has an amazing arch that helps as well and you can't beat the colors - to date - red, orange, yellow, green,and blue - if they had purple I would buy those too ... awesome shoe!!!", "This running shoes is perfect for a long ride they are confortable and fit really great. Anyone could use it and the tecnology is great for stability.", "I love the shoes. they are comfy and great for jogging.On days I am not jogging or my days off from work and school they are good to wear around the house taking care of Chores, Laundry and the sort.", "Is a very good shoes for trainning , for a workout, and for professional runners, because the show is very confortable", "This shoes is very Dynamic Support Platform & lightweight & Comfortable.I recommedn it, best shoes ever I had since long time.", "I have a very flat, wide foot, and the Lunarlon accommodates my abnormal feet very well. They barely needed to be broke in, breathe well, and provide the balance of cushion AND support for a flat foot. I run about 20 minutes every other day on a treadmill or outside and have experienced a great workout without the worry of foot pain. For most my life I've worn Adidas (I'm a soccer player), but they can't compare to Nike with my specific needs.", "I have run with Brooks running shoes for the past few years but wanted to get back to a Nike+ shoe, in order to leverage the Nike+ community.  This has turned out to be a great shoe:  lightweight but still good with stability support.", "I would buy another pair if a different shade.  I like the stability in this shoe and it was in runners world in 2012 as the only pair of Nike running shoes to be mentioned.I definitely recommend this Nike running shoe over other ones if you plan to do alot of running.", "After several months of injuries I figured out it was the shoes I had bought last year from another manufacturer. I changed to these Nike Lunarglide shoes and the injuries disappeared. I back running as far as ever. The shoes are light, comfortable and very stable.", "was worth the dollars invested great products and great attention fromthe vendor recommended 100%was worth the dollars invested great products and great attention from the vendor recommended 100%", "Need I say more?  Best combination of support and cushioning of all the running shoes I have ever owned, period.", "This is one of the best Nike shoes I have ever owned. They have a solid feel different from some Nike shoes. Very comfortable and stable. Also a great look, even better than the photo.", "The shoe sizing in europe is different then in the united states, So my shoes didn't fit. very dissapointed about it", "I've owned 5 Nike Free running shoes since the introduction of the Nike free version 1.0...These particular pair are awesome! Not sure what about all the negative comments but I love these shoes.  I especially love the H20 repel coating on it, it rains a lot in the mountains on Oahu, and these do the job.  I have also used these for hiking, and the mud doesn't seem to want to stay on! Great running shoes, great for just about anything.  Don't get me wrong, you can't submerge your foot into a puddle and expect it to not get wet, but the repel does it's job.  I also am a very huge fan of the soles being green and not white, white tends to get dirty fast and make your shoe look dirty.Would definitely recommend this shoe to anyone that enjoys the minimal running shoe feel.", "these has shoes have make the difference when it comes to running or joggin. it helped me to endure more work out.", "Local stores do not carry this style anymore, I wanted this style as I have owned other pairs and they are so comfortable to work out in.", "Not the size we expected? They do not fit? They are supposed to be size 9, my son wears an8 and I always order 1 size larger, but these shoes are much smaller than a 9?", "shoes fit nicely, are as nice looking as picture.  Receiver was very pleased with they way they fit and looked", "Pros light shoes great for running nice design fairly well priced cons: some tightness below the toes maybe get a size bigger than your regular size", "These shoes fell apart in less than a month.  The seller and the manufacturer will not stand behind them and we are out the price of the shoes plus the aggravation of dealing with rude customer service reps who will not have the company replace defective products.  We will not buy Nike shoes ever again.", "Not worth the moneyStarting falling apart the first day woren, Nike logo peeling off, threads coming apart , very disappointed .", "Fit great and they are really light weight. Would recommend to anyone. Love the colors, the neon color on the shoe is reflective and makes you feel safe.", "Love these light sneakers!  They fit under the bones in my ankles.  Something that prevents me from buying so many sneaker brands and styles... The only complaint is that right at the end on top of the toe the green is starting to show through the black part.  I haven't done anything, like carrying weights or move furniture with my toes..lol so I don't know why it's wearing out there.. But other than that, they fit great.UPDATE:This is a one month later.  I also have about 5 or 6 other pairs of sneakers, FYI, so I don't wear these that much, even though, when I do, it could be for a week at a time.  I FINALLY noticed something weird about these sneakers.  I'm a busy person, and I don't really go into detail about products usually, nor do I look at my feet that much..lolBUT: The laces go from the toe to the ankle diagonally,  For example, on your right foot, if you look down, they start on the left side of your foot (by the toe) and go toward the outside of your leg (by ankle)... I'm not sure if this is an intentional \"design\" or if these were seconds, but I find it kind of strange, and not the most aesthetically pleasing, it looks like your feet are wider than they are.  But other than that, they still are comfortable, very comfortable.  I just hope people aren't looking at me feet wondering what that's all about.  And I wanted to let people know about it.", "This pair has been the single best pair of running shoes I have owns.  Super comfortable for runs 10 miles and below. I would not recommend this for a half or full marathon unless you run light on your feet.  I am 146 lbs and these seem to run low enough in the heel for the perfect run for my weight.  The show is not too stable if you are looking for stability.  I would recommend Mizuno's for more stability. but that's a different review.  Off the track, these are the most comfortable sneaker I have worn as a casual sneaker if you are going to be on your feet all day.", "I wear a size 13 and i have wide feet.  The shoes are very light and flexible.  However around where the top of my foot ends and the toes start it gets pretty tight right there.  May just need some breaking in and as i had mentioned shoes are flexible.  They are not like cutting into the tops of my feet or leaving marks but just something that is noticeable.  After wearing a few times and working my feet around in them they seems to be loosening up a bit.", "I have run a few thousand miles in the last three years and went through many types of shoes. I started with the traditional running shoes, like Brooks, and while they looked nice, I learned that I didn't like the tall heels. I have three pair of Free with the lowest drop and am fine with the really low heal. I have a Brooks Ghost with Gore-Tex that I use when it is raining, but they are heavy and also have too tall a heel and the laces come undone.This Free Run+ 3 Shield is the single best pair I have ever had. They are light. The laces never come undone. They look good with street clothes. They have lasted a long time (didn't fall apart for me, even though they did for someone else (I am only 145 lbs)). The heel is taller than the Free with the lowest-drop, but feels just right. The &#34;Shield&#34; was not too hot even in warmer weather, but it is *not* waterproof like Gore-Tex. If you step in a puddle, you will get wet. That all being said, and knowing that limitation, they are *still* the single best pair of shoes  that I have had because they are so good in so many ways.Buy 1/2 size larger than you normally use. Maybe even 1 full size larger if your normal shoes are snug. I always was an 8.5 in other brands - maybe a 9. In these I am a 9.5.", "I really enjoy my new sneakers, they are light weight and dry out very quickly and they seem to not hold bad foot odour.", "Just got these running shoes and they are Nice and comfortable. Look forward to using them. My last set didn't last long.", "I have a condition known as Haglund's deformity (also called \"Bauer bump\").  It's a growth that irritates the bursa on your heel that protects the Achilles tendon.  I look for shoes with very soft counter and *no* heel cup.  These fit the bill.  I bought three pair.", "These shoes are only $55.00 suggested retail and can be bought @ shoe carnival for $55.00", "He wears them for work because they are comfortable for him to be in all day, even though I bought them hoping we could jog together...", "My husband loved these shoes. He said it was just what he needed to take his training to another level.", "It fits perfectly it works great and it's awesome it's a really nice pair of Nike running trail shoes .", "fit is  great, has not fallen apart  readily and he says is comfortable would buy again color did not fade", "I bought these for trail running but have found that I like wearing them all the time. Great shoe for a good price.", "I have been wearing the shoes now for a few months. I do a lot of walking in my job and these shoes have performed beyond expectation!", "Great comfort. Love the color and design. Price? Well, they are Nike after all. Have another, in a different color scheme, already on the way.", "I bought these shoes and I think that was an excellent decision, are so soft, not heavy. For this I recomnd 100%...", "these shoes have a extraordinary color, are very original, when I run for the night are very nice, very good product", "My favorite running shoes to date.  I've owned Asic's, Mizuno, and other Nike running shoes all around the $100-$150 price range.  These so far have been the best in comfort and light weight with still decent support.  The only thing I'm unsure of is how they would hold up to running on gravel roads and trails since the outer sole area is split vertically and could potentially get rocks and debris caught in the vertical slats.  Style is great too.  I get a lot of positive comments on the shoes, which obviously isn't important but is a nice benefit.", "A long time ago, I was of the opinion that Nike was always too narrow for my foot and uncomfortable. I was using Asics as a more running focused shoe, but eventually developed back pain and ITBS (PAINFUL!). On a recommendation from a friend, I switched to the original Nike Free Run+, which solved all of my pain issues - I felt like I could run forever in those and enthusiastically recommended them to anyone that would listen. Eventually, they wore out and I had to upgrade, so the Free Run+ 3 seemed the logical choice. However, they modified it to actually have a tongue again (instead of the original \"sleeve\" design) as well as a number of so-called improvements. Since getting these shoes and doing a number of 6 mile runs, I've redeveloped ITBS. I've had back and forth correspondence with Nike reps, and have tried all of their suggestions for adjusting the shoe, but I have had no luck and I am ready to toss these out of the window. Maybe it's just my feet and my running style, but I will not be coming back to the Nike Free's until they go back to the original design with fewer moving parts.", "Last week I bought this pair of shoe size 9.5 M and I ended up receiving them size 8 M. How can I contact you to return the shoes and get the correct ones. Please contact me at gianfranco_cc1993@hotmail.com or give me a way to contact you. Thanks for your time.", "fantastic shoes they are better than i thought they were going to be , quick delivery might even buy my self another pair cheers", "Not a true size 11 they were tight. I have 50 pair of size 11D.I know what I wear", "AWESOME SHOESI cant begin to say how awesome these shoes are, comfort wise. I got the orange ones because I though hey why not have some flashy shoes right? I just personally didn't like the color of the shoes. If you like the color then its its a 5/5.", "Excellent runners, highly recommended quality light weight shoe. I usually wear Asics Kayano but will not look back after purchasing these.", "I ordered these shows for my 13 year old grandson. He loved them because he said they are light weight, wears well, and look good! As long as he's satisfied, I am. The price was reasonable compared to some others I checked, but still expensive for a growing boy. He has changed shoe sizes 3 times in the last 6 months! They were delivered on time as promised.", "I love this shoe. Been getting them ever since the first version came out. Not worth the wait though. About a month shipping? Rather pay more at Nike outlet .", "Great feeling fit.  Super lightweight.  I the shoe size was consistent with my normal shoe size. Very happy with these shoes!", "Fantastic running shoes hands down. I didn't think I'd be wearing these everyday on the way to work too. I sometimes forget that I'm wearing them by lunch.", "febble doesn't stuck as like other snikers. I love it. Also light as feathers. If I had another chance, I would buy this again", "These are by far the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn. They are very light and flexible with more than enough ventilation.", "tremendo zapatos para caminar correr......excelente para todo asi  es teremnedo zapatos comprenlo es bueno lo quiero mucho ok asi es", "Wow what a running shoe. Feet aren't sore at all. Can run for a very long time without my feet aching", "it turns out that when buying nike's I am coming to need from half to one number bigger to what I usually am...", "The color id very beatifull and the shows its very ligth. Excelente for go and run long time. I recoment this product", "very comfortable and breathable, but I should have ordered a full size larger..other than that I have had many compliments!", "My 15 yo loves these sneakers - good support for running and even great looking.  This is his second pair.", "He told me they fit perfectly and are great for the athletic activities he enjoys.  I'd recommend them if you're looking for a good athletic shoe.", "My son loved these shoes very light and durable. Very satisfied w these shoes plus my son is an auburn fan so loved colors", "Excellent pair of shoes, very stable, and keep your feet cool and fresh all the time. I definitely recommend them for jogging and trainning.", "same like the one i bought the team red /pure pltinum/ total o. 10 and i like the color  and it is very  light", "Great shoes, size fit perfectly on my 10,5 US.Surprisingly lightweight, good arch support, cushioning satisfactory.Run for more than 100 km, no problem.I recommend!", "I have about 6 pairs of these they are great but not for cold weather also I seem to wear them out rather quickly but they are very nice and I keep buying them.", "I really love these shoes! I wear a 10.5, however I noticed that Nikes run a little narrow so I bought a size 11. Perfect fit! They feel so comfortable. Zero break-in time. I would definitely buy another pair to replace when these wear out.", "Out of the box this shoe is magic. Light, flexible, and a sole with sufficient support. The only problem I'm having is I keep pulling a tendon in my calf when I'm running, but that's a reflection of my running style.", "great colors...nice style, super light.  not super comfortable but i do like them.  i bought them for work events as they are our school colors and they look great.  Go Bulls!!", "great product with a good price,enjoyed running using my new pair of vomero7,waitin for the new vomero 8 to try it", "This is what he says really. He goes to gym and claims he tirelessly walks and runs on the band. He never felt more comfortable in a running shoe pair.", "Too bad,  shoe was too small, not to many good looking shoes like this around.", "This was supposed to be an Xmas gift.  I ordered a size 11 and received a size 13 :(.  Had to go out and get something else last minute... I hope I get a full refund", "Nice looking and very comfy, but if using for exercise they cause blisters... they are a bit too small, order at least 1/2 size up. I should have returned them. Oh well... they weren't expensive. I ordered another color in one size bigger and those are awesome!!! No blisters YAY", "THESE ARE GREAT LOOKING SHOES FOR THE COST. THEY FIT PERFECT AND THE SHOES LOOK EXACTLY AS DEPICTED . I GET A LOT OF COMPLIMENTS ON THESE SHOES.", "I'm 5' 7 and 170 lbs.  I have flat feet and my right foot tends to overpronate enough to inflame some of the tendons in my foot.  I was told I should run in a nuetral shoe and these do the job.  I've done a few of 5k's and a couple of 10k's and my problem foot feels much better.  I expect my training runs to cross the 8 mile mark this month and when I get to 10 miles in January I'll still be in these shoes.  I fully expect to replace these shoes with another pair just like'em.", "My husband has seen this one in one of the NIke outlets... said he's going to look at other stores for the same pair of shoes.  Unfortunately, he was not able to find it anywhere else... and the outlet where he found it, well, they didn't have it anymore.  I found it on your site... it came last Friday... and I saw the sweetest smile on his face... a belated birthday gift and an advance father's day gift... all in one.  He loves it.  Highly recommended.", "They were a little bit small but I sent them back and received my money back straight away. Good seller. The shoes were great, just the size didnt work for us. I will buy again.", "These shoes are perfect for my boyfriend who is constantly around the water. Also they are very comfortable, soft and we are going to purchase one more pair in a different color.", "The shoe looked good on picture and video but in reality this shoe is heavy and big. This shoe isn't comfortable for walk or running. I wouldn't recommend buying this shoe!", "The shoes fit as expected, they were in good conditions and the purchase went as expected. Good product and good seller.", "I needed shoes that would provide strong support without being heavy &#34;clunkers&#34;.  These fit my needs  exactly .Be careful about sizing, though.  Through experimentation, I have found that Nike men's shoes are a better fit for me than women's sizes.  As others have said, Nikes do run small--so be careful.  Other than that, I have no criticisms about the appearance or workmanship of these shoes.", "Nike siempre investigando y desarrollando los mejores calzados para todas las disciplinas deportivas, este modelo espec&iacute;fico, encuentra un excelente balance entre el peso, dise&ntilde;o y color....", "I really liked these shoes. I used them to go running and exercise a lot in them at the gym. Nice comfort.", "Very comfortable, wear without socks, great looking...reasonably priced Nike shoes.I receive compliments all the time great looking with jeans or khakis...", "These are my son's favorite sneaker. He's gotten a pair every year for school, and as his feet grow we always replace with the next size of Nike dual fusion. Comfortable, light, durable...a great all-around shoe!", "This footwear is very comfortable and fits perfectly. It also allows proper ventilation. It has a good grip on the ground. I love it just the way it is.", "Muy buen zapato c&oacute;modo y excelente calidad . . . . . . . . . . . . .", "Comfortable, no break-required, good Nike quality. Wow really? You really need fourteen more words to complete this survey? Wow Really?", "My son loves these shoes, he said they're very comfortable. I bought them to wear with his school uniform so he gets a lot of wear out of them.  He wears a size 13, plays sports and complains about sore feet quite often, that's why I try to purchased them.", "I love this shoe! It's great to wear during hit days, especially in the summer, because it's light, air flows into the show and it keeps your feet from sweating excessively. I use it when working out at home or going to the gym and it feels very comfortable. I wouldn't recommend using it while running on a dirt track because it's easy for dirt to get inside your shoes. When working out on hard surfaces or if looking for a comfortable shoe, I definitely recommend this one.", "i love it shoes are really comfortable i can not found these shoes in venezuela definitely are better than my dual fusion", "AL ELEGIR ESTA CADENA E LLEGADO A VERIFICAR LA GRAN RESPONSABILIDAD QUE POSEEN EN LA ENTREGA DE SUS PRODUCTOS Y LA SERIEDAD DE LA EMPRESA", "I like it because it's very comfortable and helpful since I have to stay stand all the time at work , it's exultant !", "These shoes are pretty comfortable and seem like a good deal.  Been wearing them for awhile now and they still feel new.  I think I will see if I can buy another pair...", "These shoes are what I would expect from a name like Nike.  Comfortable, lightweight and have a very high quality feel to them.  I am  not always been a Nike fan (especially concerning their boots) but these shoes have met and exceeded my expectations.  I also feel the colors are very vibrant without being too &#34;loud&#34;. To me they feel amazing to run in and very supportive.  Of course Nike feels sized slightly small to me so I always order about a half size larger than I need (ordered a 13 where I fit in 12.5's and rarely 12's in other brands) so I would just keep that in mind. Great work Nike!", "I don't run/jog really, but I do take my dog for long walks and occasionally do run a block or so with her.  I usually wear a size 11 in almost all shoes and went with 11.5 for these and they fit perfectly.  So I'd suggest going up a 1/2 size from your typical leisure shoe size.  The price was good and I like how they fit and look.", "Bought these for my son.  He was very pleased and said the shoes were great.  Comfortable and a good price.", "Very Good shoes. Si deseas un zapato c&oacute;modo para la actividad deportiva esta es uno de ellos, c&oacute;modo suave y de buen soporte.", "I love these shoes. I have received several compliments on them when wearing them. Even though they are running shoes, they look great with a pair of shorts on a hot day, and are very comfortable to walk in for long periods of time.", "They were alright but I ordered them when I was in Afghanistan and theres nothing but gravel rocks everywhere and they got tore up in 3 months from walking around the COP in them.  Good indoor crossfit shoes and for running on pavement.", "Comfortable, everyone who sees them wants them.  The last pair of nikes i bought had an embarrassing squeak to them when i walked.  These do not.", "Like cotton arround my feets. I am thinking to get same but other colour.  Ideal for diary use. I think some breathable cover for moisture would be a good idea.", "Nike is always has a good products and i am loving it.Nike is always has a good products and i am loving it.", "Very good quality, very comfortable and fulfill my expectation from a running shoes. will recommend them to any kind of professional  and basic runner", "pretty, fresh, confortable and light shoes, just i requiered, to walk, run, and more. like all nike produtc's. 100 % recommended", "These were a gift but he really did like them.  They fit perfectly. I'm sure he would buy similar shoes in the future.", "i use them every day to run and go to the gym, these are perfect, are working very well for me so far.", "These are a great buy! Lightweight, comfortable, and they do a good job of supporting my feet. I've never had workout shoes I liked better. For the money these are great shoes.", "the item is light perfect for runningthey are te perfect coloryou do not have to wash them so oftenthanks", "These fit rather strange out of the box, like they are just a little off center and make for a sore heel. I also bought a pair of  NIKE DOWNSHIFTER 5 RUNNING SHOES, I recommend the Downshifters over these, they fit much better and are very comfortable***** UPDATE 3/5/2014****After purchasing different insoles, these shoes are more comfortable. I wear them for my everyday / walking around shoe. I do not use them for running.", "Hubby was excited to get these shoes!  I ordered them for him as a birthday gift ans they arrived as expected on time! Shoes looked exactly like the pictures. Great running shoe!", "These shoes are decent. Me and some other friends used them for marching band and noticed that on all pairs the rubber waffle has started coming off. Besides this the shoes were very comfortable and had great grip.", "This is a very cool shoe. It is extremely confortable, and a pleasure to wear.It's very colorful and draws a lot of attention.", "I think this shoes will become more comfortable over time but they are not there yet. These are definitely more of just a gym shoe, not meant for running..", "I bought a pair of the Nike Duel Fusion in San Antonio when we were walking around town and all I had were flip flops and loved them. On our way home, someone stole them out of our car at a rest stop... I guess they needed shoes more than I did.I bought these to replace them and they are still my go-to pair of shoes.", "These shoes are great for my son, he stands on his feet all day working and the help his feet feel good. Loves the color combo.", "Good shoes ... Just a little wide at the front part of shoes ... which is a little unusual for Nike shoes", "They fit perfect. just what i expected to be. I'm a nike lover and they still making quality products. recommended", "I've had these for some time, maybe 9 months?  I wear them at least 3 days a week for 9 hour shifts at a lab I work in.  I'm mostly on my feet so they were pretty comfortable, the insole is beginning to wear out as expected...but I've put a lot of walking into them.  An insole replacement is in order, and then they should be good another 6 months.", "Just started running and this shoe not only looks great, it feels great. It's light weight and very comfortable. Great all around.", "I am very happy with this shoe for my son.  It is true to size and is very comfortable.  We purchased it for running and training for football.  There are &#34;hotter&#34; colors, but my son is more plain.  He loves it!!", "Comfortable, light weight, casual. In brief a great Nike product. Perfect for running or just to use them with a pair of jeans!", "These are really light and breathable and are hands down the best running shoes I've ever owned. The whole marketing around the flexibility thing I thought at first was just some other gimmick Nike cooked up, but it actually does what is says. The shoe isn't rigid and if you pay attention you'll notice a discreet difference in the impact absorption when running or walking. The price makes it even more worth it and did I mention how nice they look?If I could think of a con, it would be that the paint used on the swoosh seems like it won't go the distance and will strip. I could be wrong though but either way it isn't a deal breaker. I recommend !", "BUEN CALZADO MUY BUENO LIGERO COMODO MUY BONITO LO RECOMIENDO ME ENCANTA Q MAS SE PUEDE DECIR ES PERFECTO PARA MI", "I would reccomend this shoe to anyone who is after a great running shoe, my feet don't get sore as they have in previous shoes", "Its always been difficult for me to buy comfortable fitting shoes since i have a wide foot , but these shoes fit great ! I would highly recommend buying from this seller. Shoes arrived ahead of time excellent service.", "These shoes are so hard to find in stores! Of course Amazon has them!! They are so comfortable! There's no need to break them in! You can wear them with no discomfort right out of the box! I refuse to wear any other kicks!!", "Yes, daughter... Some ladies have wide feet, Nike Men's to the rescue!  They fit her well, are comfy, and had a short break in, so she's happy.", "very good condition and arrived very quickly perfect taste are comfortable I liked the colors is to me and to use on Christmas Eve December 24", "My son loves brand names, I love comfort. I guess we both won with Nike. Light weight shoe that can be worn all day and dries fast should they get wet.", "He seem's to like them very much.The problem he had, was that, they're glued, not stiched.He wears them to casule event's.", "Not bad, I wish it could last me more.  It wore out but still comfortable to use for just walking around the house.  I enjoy it while it last, good product.", "great sneaker, came at reasonable time. nothing bad to say. love the color, and she will be buying more to come", "I bought these for my 7 yr old daughter, she absolutely loves them, she put them on right away and had to show everyone! They fit wonderfully and were just as described, shipping was also fast, thank you!", "This shoe is awesome! I love the fact that it super lightweight and super flexible. I'm a runner trying to get back in shape and my trail running Nike shoe was too much for the gym. This is perfect for working out and for running the treadmill. It is not tight around the feet, and it hasn't caused any blisters on me - I got a size 7.5. I love the color too, it's vibrant and fun and it makes you want to work out more! If you are looking for a shoe with a lot of support, I wouldn't recommend this shoe, however, if you are looking for that shoe that doesn't have all the extras, just a light, simple support shoe for working out in the gym, this is perfect. The quality of the shoe is great, very durable, been using it for a month and a half. I'll say this though, the seller is selling this style higher than the price going for on Nike.com... and doesn't have Nike sensor that most shoes do... maybe it's the color? Shop around to see if this the best priced in Amazon or elsewhere. However, if color is a priority, I don't see this color any where else.", "i have nothing to say really please let me shop this is ridiculous please go away really I just wat toshop ok really I just want to shop okay please for me do that.", "I have this in all 3 colors, wear it everyday to the gym. Keeps sweat away from face and fits comfortably.", "This hat has a high top or crown to it and it says one size fits all YEA  right not,  if u have a big head or have lots of hair YEA but if small head or u shave ur head this hat looks LIKE a mop on top u have to bring it close together in the back that it folds up on the sides and looks LIKE a weird looking hat,  sent back and yes they did refund me,  but just know this because they make this fit all sizes anyone with a small head the hat rests on ur ears and the top does not hit ur top of ur head so it has a point on top all the time stay away.", "good quality hat.  does well to absorb sweat as well durung intense workouts.  fits very well...snug....mesh material much better than the dri fit.", "This is not the first Mesh Nike Swoosh Dri-Fit cap I own... I have a white one with  black swoosh and a black one with a yellow swoosh. this one was the Dark Gray with the Orange bottom color and swoosh... Just as I expected it's ULTRA comfortable even in the heat and sweat and looks fantastic.", "soft and comfortable.  if you like that then buys these.  soles wear a little fast sue to soft ride but worth every penny", "Great shoe. Very comfortable, support in all the right places. Can't say enough how great the color is...definitely an eye catcher if not easily visible for night running. Definitely recommend the Lunarglide+ 4, especially in electric green.", "These are great shoes. True to size, color is correct. Great service. Arrived on time. Nothing negative about this product.", "They are a well constructed shoe for an active pre-teen with a busy schedule!  They are versatile for gym class or for walking the halls.", "This is a Great Shoe! Gives the foot a lot of support. It is very comfortable to wear and my grandson loves the look.", "got these for my son for Christmas and he loves them.  He still thinks they are the$125 Nikes from the sport store.", "My son (12) loved these shoes.  He had to have black, grey or white shoes for school.  The color on the bottom is much brighter than the image shown, but he loved that.", "I bought these shoes for my son for Christmas. He wears a sz 4.  I ordered a sz 4 and they were too small.  Apparently, they run small, but that is not listed anywhere, so I consider it to be false advertising.  The shoes are not true to size. Now I have to pay return shipping.  I think the seller should offer free return shipping if they do not fit, especially when the sizes run small. I ordered them a week in advance.  They arrived after Christmas.  I ended up spending money and getting nothing out of it.  Not even a Christmas gift before Christmas.", "The shoes are for my son. He really likes them and he likes how light weight they are. The only caution is they have a very high arch.", "ordered for my son who absolutely loves them and wears them every day. Super light and great color. will probably order another pair.", "my grandson said the new nike free run 3 are the best shoes he has had he wares them everywhere but to bed", "This is my grandson's 2nd pair.  He wears them all the time.  He likes the fact that they are light weight and flexible.", "I am happy with this shoe and the price.  My little boy is really tall for his age and outgrows his shoes in just a few months so I don't want to spend any more than this on a shoe for him.  I like Nike for his foot shape and ordered a size larger than his last one.  It fits great and I will order another pair soon I am sure.  ;-)", "Great shoes, great price.  Good for everyday wear or for those cross country runs.  Really comfortable and provides great support.", "He doesn't like shoestrings and he only wanted one velcro strap not two.  The Nike Free Run shoes were perfect for him.  A bit spendy for a 7 yr old, but they fit great, look great and hopefully he won't grow out of them too quickly.", "Nike Women's lunarMTRL + Running Shoe, 522346 606, Pink Flash/Pure Platinum/Voltage Cherry What size is left?  This shoe is really cute and I would be interested if I knew the size!", "This sneaker fits my boy wonderfully and he loves the colors and especially the Nike symbol.  He thinks it resembles lasers.", "first time ordering shoes online- shoe box was just bagged-so was banged up a bit butthey arrived quickly- well made and true to size", "These shoes were for a five year old who was extremely excited about the gift. He wanted some basketball shoes and these fit wonderfully!", "They fit great and are comfortable. They should have made the Velcro strap a bit longer so I leave it unhooked.", "They are a little pricey but, they look great on my daughter for school and the gym. She is 10 yrs. and they fit true to size.", "The Nike Air Max shoes fit perfectly and I am delighted to have found a pair to replaced the pair I had that is getting worn.", "These shoes are great! They are supportive and fit well. I am a nurse and on my feet all day. I need supportive shoes and these fit the bill. My feet are a bit wide and I sometimes need a wide shoe, but these fit perfectly.", "Excelente calzado para la pr&aacute;ctica del soccer, adem&aacute;s de la excelente imagen.... Muy buen producto, dise&ntilde;ado y construido para jugadores exigentes", "I bought these for my son so he could have the same shoe I had, after 6 months they're still alive and well.  But everyone thinks we are Miami Dolphins fans for some reason.Go Cowboys!!!", "Hi, I need a 4.5 size of this soccer shoes do you have??? I got size 2.5 and their are perfect my child loved them now his brother also wants them!!!", "AwesomeThey fit so well and they are so nice my son loved them so much. Go mercurial cleats Wahoo", "I was a bit worried about the fit for my son.  He wears 5.5 in other NIKE shoes and these were a bit bigger, but a good fit since his foot is still growing like crazy.  Great price. Easy to order.", "I received these quickly. They have held up great with a kid who wears them everyday. Plus during basketball games. We have had these for about three months now and I highly recommend.", "My son has these for sport at School. They have to have white with small amount of blue. great support for his ankles and no blisters!", "CONSIDERING THE GIRL'S BB SHOES WHERE SO MUCH MORE EXPENSIVE, I JUST SUBTRACTED 2 SIZES FROM WHAT SHE IS NOW IN WOMEN'S AND THAT WAS HER SIZE IN THESE SHOES. THEY LOOK GREAT ON HER! AND SHE LOVES THEM.", "Bought for my 3 year old basketball loving grandson, hasn't taken them off except to sleep. He likes everything Nike and DUNKS  great in them..", "Love love love! I had these when I was a kid and it feels as if I'm young again. I want black ones now!", "I Loved them I found them very useful in basketball. They made me jump higher and run faster Thank YOU.", "My 12 yr old son picked these out for this year's basketball season. They were brighter in person then they looked on my computer screen. This was not a bad thing according to him. They are a matte blue and not shiny. They lasted for the season. He didn't not have problems sliding on the court as he has from other basketball shoes in the past.  I did notice that they are not as slender in appearance as most of the other boys. They seemed too look wider like a skate shoe does. Not a bad thing either just wanted to make note of it. I don't know if they did anything to improve his game but they were a good shoe and I would recommend them if you like the looks.", "I love my new shoes, they are so comfortable and I would recommend these to anyone looking for shoes that are in style and comfortable!!", "Good quality exactly what i needed for an outgoing two year, old who gets into every and anything. Jumping,tumbling, flipping", "Super easy to it on. My son is a bit difficult when it comes to putting on shoes. Would buy again", "my girlfriend loves it..she it is the most comfortable pair of shoes she has to get her thru the rest of her pregnancy..", "I love these sneakers and how they look on my daughter.  What a great fit and great design.I wish you could get more like this and in different colors. I would buy more.", "the sneakers are nice but I want a different color. It will work. My son uses it to ride his bike.", "My daughter has about 5 pairs of Nike sneakers and for some reason this one is really snug and hard to put on her.", "Hope fullfiledExcelent choose...!!! Excelent service!!! Recommend this shoe and service by all means...Thank you!Little miss smiles whe she shes new shoes...", "La terminacion es excelente !Se nota la calidad en el producto y en la terminacion del calzado en general.", "Boots Are not the color on photo, they are an ugly jean blue nowhere near the color posted... rediculously unfair", "Great pair of boots. My daughter was in love with the color will be buying another pair this year. Great", "my granddaughter liked the shoes, although she already had a similar pair from North Face that she liked much better.", "My son likes them and they are durable. Unlike his tennis shoes after 4 months these are not falling apart yet.", "purchased for my DS and he loves these boots. had to tell him to stop wearing them as the weather finally broke and it became to warm. Purchased a half size larger so that they can be used next winter. great boot for kids as they are sturdy and can withstand a lot. (especially little boys who can be rough on shoes) great buy, fast shipping.", "My daughter seems to like them and they look very high quality. They also do what they are supposed to do and keep her feet dry and warm. Nice product.", "I purchased these for my daughter and she loves them.  She wears them a lot and the fit is perfect.", "I love these shoes and I was wondering when will they be available because I would like to purchase them, & for how much are you offering for these shoes? thank you!", "I choose tenis rate becaouse it wAs exactly wat i looking for. And arrived ataque the day of they tell me. Nice product", "excelente producto", "Very nice sneakers , it fits very well and it's like as described", "I found them at a great price at Amazon a year ago. They are cool, dry and confortable. Take into account that birdies and eagles are not included ;)", "I bought these for my daughter for Fall Ball. I was surprised that none of the local stores had cleats in stock. The design and color is very cool and she loves them. They are a bit tight thru the heal. She switched out the black laces to match her uniform!", "This is our daughter's first year in softball and we weren't certain what sort of cleats to buy.  After consulting with her coach, we opted for this in the brighter, pink colors.  Not only do they fit her well (we sized them a bit larger to accommodate socks), but she wanted to wear them around the neighborhood!  We trust the Nike brand and the fun colors and styling on these shoes made her expectation for softball even better.", "MY SON DID NOT HAVE TO BREAK THE SHOES IN AND HE JUST WORE IT RIGHT AWAY.  WOULD BUY AGAIN.", "I love Shox shoes... wish they made these classic ones, still.  I wear an 8.5 in women's shoes and these are snug in a size 6 but do-able.  Love the way they look with jeans.  The black trim is shiny, like patent.  Colors: vibrant.  Wish Nike would make classic shox again!!!!", "THE SIZE (6) WAS LARGE.THE FEEL, THE LOOK, & THE QUALITY MISSED ITS MARK.WE DID RETURN THE NIKE.", "My son loves these shoes, he actually wore them out before he grew out of them, fit is good, clean up nicely.", "Best shoe I ever had. Best design n fit me well. Cheap and good. will be getting more for mmyy children from selerr", "Awesome.  Just another sneaker to my collection I am a sneaker head who needs to have all unique shoes and kicks to be on top", "My son love these shoes. The size, the color, and the price was perfect for him. Wants to order more stuff now.", "My baby looks great in them. They do meet my expectations. Now all three of us have matching shoes. (mom, dad, and baby)", "these are some nice looking shoes but they come a lil tight. other than that theyre great i wear them the most out of all the other j's i have", "Got these as a replacement for Nike zoom vomero series. I LOVED vomero's due to their top notch cushioning. However, on the latest version they decided to stiffen them up and reduce the cushioning. So people recommended the Pegasus. They are excellent shoes but I think they are still not as well cushioned as the original zoom vomero's...oh well, keep searching I guess.", "this sneaker had a hole in it in like 6 weeks. The more expensive NIKE kicks last A LOT longer for me.", "Tennis shoes should look cool, and yet allow for the perfect grip on the court. this shoe was too tight on the side toes. I was not a happy camper.", "our family own 3 pairs of this shoe. Recommend for comfort and stability. This is my daughters 3rd pair of LunarGlides.", "I just purchased these shoes and I love how they look; the colors are great. I'm not a big fan of high top shoes, so I was glad that these are more of a low top. The support is great. The shoes are more narrow than most basketball shoes I have owned. The only issue I have with them is that their narrow build makes them very form fitting and a bit tight around the top of the foot. The price is high but having purchased them I would do it again. Hope this is helpful.", "Cortez collector! I am always looking for unique Nike Cortez shoes as far as color combination and material. I havent seen these in a store ever, so I gave them a shot....overall, they are nice comfy classic Cortez' . Nice.", "These are great shoes that were very popular almost a decade ago. It's nice to see them still available, however, they seem to run a bit larger than they used to.", "They are very nice shoes but they do cost a lot for an old style shoe wish they were a little less cost so that we could own all colors", "My husband loves his sneakers.  They look even better on than in the pic! Try them!!Highly recommend these sneakers", "great shoe but this shoe I bpught for my son... it didnt seem like a girls shoe. live the shoe tgough great colors. very durbal eady wash up that doesnt show wear and tear when doing so.", "I got these shoes from a local store at around the same price. I will be ordering another pair because I am picky when it comes to shoes. I paid more than the current price for my size (77.99). I feel that they run true to size and are so comfortable. They are very light shoes which is great, but have a lot of stability when running. I prefer to run cross country rather than on the road and these work great. As far as the term breathe I cannot agree more. I wore these on a cold day and wow they really do breathe a lot. When I run in them they keep my feet nice and cool, and it really is the first pair that i noticed how much they breathe.All in all great shoes and so far they seem durable. I would recommend these shoes, and I will probably grab another pair probably from Amazon this time before they do not have anymore.", "great shoe... it's very strong, stylish and perfect fit. it's also easy to clean and the price is rite. could not have gotten it better", "My son wears them over  and  over he loves them they f it  perfectly I love them  they  are perfect  better  than  what  I found  in stores", "I have now run with these shoes three times, and I think they have completely changed my running game.  My shin splints are gone!  My stride has become more comfortable.  After a 7-miler, I have no pain!  Lovin' the new shoes!", "so glad i finally copped this fine shoe. This shoe is a perfect fit and I got it for the right price. took less than a week for them to come and I am extremely happy with my purchase and hope to do more business with soleplace soon", "LOVE this shoe....geret support. Can't find them in stock anywhere. If anyone knows where I can find them please let me know here. I have searched web sites after web sites, even contracted the Nike site. No luck.", "Jordan's are hands-down best shoes to play basketball in. They were out of my size (half size smaller) so that is why they are a little big. Other than that I love them.", "I bought this item from seller: SHOOPOPThey ship SUPER fast. Ordered it right before the holiday and they shipped it FedEx NextDay for FREE! Now that's service.The shoe fits kinda tight, so if you have wide feet, this shoe might not be for you. Hopefully it expands while I break it in. *crossing fingers*", "The size of the shoe was wayyyy off.  I always get 11.5 in Nike Kobe shoes and it said it was 11.5 but it was super small so now i have these shoes i can't wear.", "Love these shoes i run and do a lot of cross training in them an they have kept me comfortable the whole tim..", "I have just got my shows today and they are great. They look very nice. They're way better than the old freeruns; more comfortable, look better, fit better, and more! Definitely worth it if you workout. Also, unlike the old freeruns, they do not squish against your small toe. Got free two day shipping due to my free-trial prime membership and they came on that time, except UPS came around my house at around 7:00 pm but that is probably not amazons fault.", "I love this shoes, I've been using them for jogging about 3 days per week, and the feel like gloves in my feet, no feet pain after every sesion, can I ask anything else?... also I' ve received a lot of compliments!... the only weak point would be the price, I would love if they were a little bit cheaper...but anyway I think that i will buy another pair soon, maybe another color...", "I really purchase this shoes to my son, He and I run three days a week and recently we participate on \"10K - Ruta de las Iglesias\" the most beautiful race on Ecuador, my Son said, his shoes where spectacular.", "I really thought this shoe was trimmed in pink but it is a flourescent orange! The picture says pink/white so I am not happy with the color. I also see that the actual price of the shoe is 37.99 so the 15.00 extra is tacked on for shipping I guess.It is a light weight shoe and it would probably be comfortable for me if it were wider. I am undecide about my purchase.", "I've always found Nike to be a great shoe for running. The fit for me is perfect. This model, the &#34;Lunar Glide&#34; is much more suited for me over the &#34;Free Run&#34; model. There's more cushion in the heel area and I like that the Lunar Glide sole does trap rocks inbetween grooves of the sole like the Free Run. Conceptually, the free run was nice idea but I think fails over all compared to the Lunar Glide.", "The product was actually fine. The socks seems a little but too thin. But overall, they're fine. They are a bit too expensive.", "I bought these socks for my 13 year old boy, size 11 shoe.  The socks are too small, however they seem too be well made, so I will give them to my 12 yr old grand daughter.", "Son loves them.  Comfortable.  Wash well and hold up for a long time.  He's rough on socks.  Sometimes he takes his shoes off and runs around with no shoes on, yet they hold together well.  His last pair lasted a year before needing replacing.", "It is funny how something simple like resupplying black crew sox can be dynamic.  Nike, and others like Nautica, change-up their style, some for better and others for worse.  These are comfortable and soft, but they really do not look very durable, more light-weight which is a positive for warmer weather.", "My son plays basketball and i found that these sucks are the ones that will last the longest. They look very good also. I would recomend this product because of its quality, good looks and durability.", "The socks are not what I expected, they are just ordinary same as the store bought. Not what I was looking for.", "They last forever, don't show dirt (obviously) and pull away sweat during workouts. My 9 year old son loves them too.", "Excellent quality and confort. Fits good. Its soft great purchase. I recommend it. The package its ok and safe for", "I'm not sure if these socks were authentic Nikes. They don't feel like any nike sock I've purchased from a department store. The swoosh logo was off center and the sock keeps leaving those black fuzzes all over my feet when I wear them as if the sock is falling apart already. Not very durable at all. I would be hesitant to purchase again.", "These nike pair of socks are my favorite socks to ware. They are very comfortable and fit nice and snug!", "They are just a couple of sox. Dont't get fooled with the wicking performance, they are just regular sox. ..", "I needed some more socks because I have been short on Nikes lately, and I wanted some that were just like the ones I have at home. Turned out they were and they fit perfectly.", "Nice socks for wearing around the house: especially as we have a lot of tile floors and my feet get cold.They wear nicely and are comfortable.", "My sons loves these, he wears them while out on the baseball fields, where the red dirt gets on them but they are washable where you can't see the dirt, unlike white one's.", "Run very small. Not happy any all with this purchase. I have since purchased the under armour socks and am happier.", "This is a good sock. It's a normal nike sock and you can expect the same as any other nike sock you have bought.", "These Nike Men's quarter crew socks are great. I will order more when I need more socks. Shipping was right on time all so.", "these socks appear to be good quality. they were ordered for a xmas gift for my son. i wont know how they fit until he wears them.", "Socks are way thinner than most older Nike socks I had purchased.  Would not purchase these socks again.  Not worth the money.", "Hello,Got these to replace my old few pairs that I wore all the way through (same ones) in the last year or so.These socks last a while.Thicker then usual ones, but not too thick.I have these and the same with longer top for winter.Very comfortable.Quite durable, but will ware through if you walk barefoot on pavement etc.I use them as my office socks.My feet are drier then any other sock I've tried yet.Cheers.", "The socks are comfortable and fit my foot fine. I'm a 10.5 for walking shoes, 11 for running.I just wish they had a variety of colors for the swooshes. I wish there was a version with dark grey or black swooshes to make it more discrete.", "I purchased these as a Christmas present for my son - because he asked specifically for Nike ankle socks.But, I have to say they are ridiculously expensive for a set of 6 socks.  Are these socks better, more durable, more attractive, or other sock related criteria than any other socks that I could buy from Wal-Mart for half the price - NO...  Other than the Nike swoosh...they are just socks!If this wasn't purchased as a present - I'd pass just because of the price.", "These quarter socks were right on: they fit well, looked good, and they came in the size advertised on their packaging. Comfortable all day, I have no complaints at all with the quality and construction, they are what I have come to expect from Nike.", "I am a size 15 shoe so these socks fit exactly as I wanted them to.  They fit as a low cut because of my larger foot size.", "These Nike socks are a great value for the price. I used them for working out, and although they don't keep moisture out as much as I'd like, I really don't have any complaints. They fit comfortable, come up far enough on the ankle to protect any rubbing from my shoes while I run without being too high as to be too warm or uncomfortable, and look cool with the Nike logo at the top matching my Nike running shoes. Need I say I'm a fan of Nike?Other socks of this caliber that I looked at cost 1 1/2 - 2 times as much. These work great and are a great value; especially for six pairs.", "I own over 3 pairs of this style Nike and these are my favorite. Great neon pink color, great support for feet, and they last long. I wear a size 8 but would recommend a half size bigger for extra comfort. They also shipped on time and came in perfect condition.", "Perfect! exactly what my son loves to wear.  He loved this sneaker and it's all he wears everyday. Perfect for him.", "My Son absolutely loved these shoes, they had great style and comfort.  Good job Nike, we are loyal customers to you.", "shoes fit as i expected them to and were definitely worth the money i spent for them.  They were also delivered on time", "These sneaks are awesome!! They are true to size and look fresh with my beast wardrobe. Def a great value.", "I was kind of reluctant on the color, but I like Dunks so much I couldn't resist.As with all Dunks, they fit my feet perfectly, and they do look kinda cool.Very comfortable, very adaptable, great ankle support, and strong soles.That's what matters with me, anyway.Two thumbs up!", "bought them as a gift.the fit is great, they are super light, super comfortable, great choice of colors... cant complain. they are beautiful.", "Looks: This is solely a matter of opinion. I really like minimal/uniform designs. When I find a pair of shoes I like, I buy more than 1 pair, because I am about as picky as they come. That being said, so far I have the black/grey color scheme and I love the look. People have commented on how nice they look just about every time I wear them.Comfort: This is likely a unique issue, but in the beginning there was a stiff thread that was sticking me in the top of my foot. I snipped it and since then they are the most comfortable shoes I have ever owned. I have the old Nike Free 5.0 V4's (2 pair) and they were previously the best I had tried in this category. The stretch mesh upper and the covering that is sort of melted on (not sure what to call this process) feels like wearing a sock on your foot. The sole combines the midsole and outsole into one, eliminating extra bulk and staying true to the barefoot agenda. The tongue is sewn into place (there is stitching there, not sure I could call it a tongue really) and since the upper is stretchy, it is still really easy to get these on. It also eliminates that annoying tongue sliding off-center issue shoes sometimes have (even with that slot for the laces this happens to me often). The added siping (slits) in the arch area make this shoe the most flexible I have ever owned. They breathe extremely well also.Gym Use: I like this shoe a lot for the added feel it gives me, especially when training legs or calves. It is also super comfortable for general exercises and gives me the minimal support I need.Running: I have only run up to 2 miles at a time so far in these, so I can't comment much on that aspect. They have been adequate, although those not used to a barefoot type design may experience arch/foot fatigue after a couple miles. I hadn't worn my old Nike Free's in about a year and noticed some fatigue at about that point.Durability: Not much to say about that either, but based on my old Nike Free's they look to have the potential to hold up well. Just a side note, if any of you consider washing these shoes, do not dry them in a dryer. Seems obvious, but I did it and even on the lowest heat setting the material used for the soles meted away in a couple spots. So don't do that.Verdict: if you like a more supportive shoe, these might not be for you. If you like Nike Frees in general or a barefoot/minimal design, these are the best out there in my opinion and closer to the barefoot rating (0-10 is the scale with 0 being barefoot). Great looks and more comfortable than anything else I have ever tried on.", "Fits exactly to nike sizing, and is overall great. May experience some heel slippage on turns, mostly due to having little structure to lock down the heel to the shoe. Its difficult to tighten the shoe in the arch to lock it in, although with the free ride thats to be expected. I just wish my foot didn't slide around as much as what it does in this shoe.", "These shoes are extremely comfortable. I have been running in them since January and have no major issues with them. I had to &#34;break them in&#34; the first few weeks but I suppose that's expected with any new pair of shoes. I wish they had a real tongue though. These are slip ons and I didn't know that when I purchased them. I suppose it's not that big of a deal but for some reason that really bothers me... hence the four star. Otherwise, I love the color. People compliment me on them all of the time. They are very light on my feet. I have had no pains or aches from them and I am running the Boston 10k on Sunday. My longest run in these were 5 mi, I suppose 6 will not make that huge of a difference.", "I absolutely LOVE these shoes, there so comfortable and  the colors are my fav! the only problem i have with these shoes is they do run small so make sure you get at least half a size bigger then you normally would! i got the shoes before my estimated shipping date and im very happy with them!", "This shoe provides great traction on all turfs, does not cause blisters, enhances power amd acceleration, and improves my vertical leap by 1.32 feet.  All this at less than $50.  Thanks Amazon.", "I bought these shoes for my husband and I have had 3 pair myself so I can attest to their comfort and durability.  I stopped running a few years ago because of concern with aging joints.  I love these shoes.  They are comfortable and provide great support.  After reading about the benefits of barefoot running, it made sense to me that the barefoot running shoe would be equally good for walking.  I walk approximately 15 miles a week and have found that I have no issues whatsoever.  I had bought the walking shoes from Nike for my husband and he did not like them as well as these running shoes.  I will not own another shoe.", "The color on this particular pair of AF-1's are spectacular!You will be complimented often and you'll feel like.... well, ROYALTY!", "I'm disappointed in these shoes. They are hard and feel like I'm walking in the box they came in. I wouldn't recommend.", "I have several Robert Graham sport shirts that will work great with these shoes and some jeans.  I just wish they had purple shoes strings to give them that \"muted\" look.\"Muted\"-like black rims on a black car!", "I love these shoes more then M J shoes comfortable  fits perfect cost not to bad and the color is nice buy this shoe!", "Anyone who is a retro shoe collector like me would be happy to add these to their growing collection. I was lucky enough to find them for my size and being the last ones made it a must-have. I was a bit shocked when I found out they were $1099 and was a bit disappointed to say I wouldn't have another piece of history of Nike to have. I added them to my wish list and was notified they were on sale for $73, I was happy to say I quickly ordered the shoes to find they were as I thought and another purchase I intend to keep!", "I purchased these shoes a couple of weeks ago, and they are phenomenal. The colors are extremely vibrant, more so than they appear in the photo. I have used them 5 times when playing tennis and they feel great. They are made of top grade leather, and the cushioning is very comfortable. I'm going to continue to purchase the Zoom Vapor 9 Tour shoes for both tennis as well as everyday usage. Highly recommended.", "Hands down the most comfortable shoe out there! Fits just like a glove. You don't have to order a size bigger. I didn't... I love this shoe!", "This shoe is awesome!!! Its very comfortable, and has held together for a long time. they work great for basketball too!!! Very smart purchase:)", "This model only sells for $29.99 in Nike factory outlet now! Amazon's price can buy three pairs of it. The price should be adjusted.", "Great Sneakers And Would Definitely BuY More In The Future.....Fit, Color, Comfortable To Wear...Was Always A Fan Of Nike.", "These sneakers seem very durable but not as refined as expected. They are Nikies so the expectations are high -- somewhat disappointed.", "Every body would stop me and ask me what are those. Those are hot etc... I can't even bilieve it my self but these have a REALY nice colorway on them. These are Must buy. I also do recommend this product", "It was shipped on time, everything else was okay.But one of the shoe laces was very dirty, looked like it was burnt or something.", "I love these shoes. they last a long time and are easy to clean. They look good all the time.", "These were very hard to find once they sold out in retail stores (this colorway). If you could find them sellers were charging you north of $130. So I was ecstatic I found them and for retail price $55. They came on time brand spanking new. Happy camper", "want these soooooooooooo bad for my bfbeen looking for a size 8 for over a year now. he wanted it for his birthday and i was not able to get it for him. i would loooove to get it in time for him though....lucky for those of u who got them", "I bought these for my nephew. He had his first three games with it just last week and they performed very well. These are used mainly in wood surfaces, not in concrete, and they really 'grab' it giving good traction.", "a hot girl told me she liked my shoes need I say more. they fit well and I like them. I use them for volleyball and baseketball. good grip on the court a little stiff.", "I ALREADY KNEW THAT THESE SHOES RUN 2 SIZES TOO SMALL.  I AM A SIZE 11 AND ORDERED THE SIZE 13.  FITS PERFECT.  THE SELLER DELIVERED THESE SHOES IN TWO DAYS AND I AM THRILLED WITH BOTH THE SELLER AND THE SHOES.  ***DEFINITELY ORDER 2 SIZES LARGER THAN YOU NORMALLY ARE***", "Shoes are smaller that what the size says and very narrow. They  say they are 8.5 but fit like a 7.", "i love these sneakers. but you should get a half size bigger then your normal size, they are cut tight! but they came right on time.", "They're so comfortable clean looking.  I wore these shoes the for the first time and went shopping for 6 hoursAnd I'm still walking.", "Nike is and awesome brand the cleats are as fine as i expected awesome materials and the best looking cleats on field", "I really like the Nike air max r4 running shoes. It feel very comfortable and there are very highly quality made. I did buy two of these. I highly recommend it. I believe you would appreciate the running shoes Nike made.", "I recently, and perhaps a little prematurely, retired my Nike Air Max Turbulence 16+ and thought I would give the lunar series a whirl.  For the price $60 price point, I figured it was worth a shot.  In researching this shoe a bit, it was fairly well reviewed, and offered an entry level (89$?) option in the lunar line.Unfortunately, it's become quite clear that a $120 pair of Max Turbulences are very different from a $60 pair of entry level running shoes. I'm not sure how well the heel support works, since I don't run heel toe anymore.  The shoe seems decently made, but the upper doesn't flex particularly well, and the liner doesn't do a particularly good job of securing my heel in place.Overall, it's a pretty shoe, but it's no running shoe.", "Very good choice to play outdoor.I recommend to choose the next size you use usually because they are a little bit narrow.", "A nice combination of colors, seem like they offer good ankle protection by the height and will last a long time on outside courts / cement. The out-sole seem super durable.", "My son wanted HyperDunk shoes like the pros wear, but his feet are only size 5.5. There is very little choice in styles for this size. This is the best available. Fit is true to size.", "These sneakers are quite comfortable and stylish.If you're into sneakers and into Nikes; these are a must have.They also Did not take long to be shipped to me and I had no hassle at all.", "i love them. i love air max 90's but other than my blue ones these are my favorite. match the baltimore Ravens colors perfect, thats y i bought them and not regretting it. it came in super fresh box and all got to love that new sneaker smell.", "I got these shoes but were hard to find. They were on sale for 85 dollars. They are extremely comfortable and very stylish. However, these shoes are always cold and get dirty easily. Overall these shoes are amazing and the best pair I have ever owned. I suggest highly suggest these shoes.P.S. I would suggest that you do not tie the shoes for styling purposes. Also, try to get orange laces, they go well with the shoes. Here is a link to some good ones: http://www.amazon.com/Sof-Sole-Athletic-Orange-45-Inch/dp/B003IJ7RRE/ref=sr_1_1?s=shoes&ie;=UTF8&qid;=1359337212&sr;=1-1&keywords;=orange+laceshttp://www.amazon.com/FeetPeople-Quality-Round-Laces-Orange/dp/B00A56V94K/ref=sr_1_7?s=shoes&ie;=UTF8&qid;=1359337255&sr;=1-7&keywords;=orange+laces", "I wear these for rugby, they are tight but it's almost better for traction. For soccer, I might go a half size up... they aren't the best to run in.", "son mas bellos en tus manos y en tus pies.. definitivamente muy buena compra.. me gustaron mucho!!! los recomiendo 100 %", "I have been looking for the shoes for a long time and finally I found the the good price and good services.", "Great thanks so much i sent it to my nephew as a gift and he loves it! Very comfotable too.", "The colors are just as bright as pictured. Extremely comfortable & true to size. My granddaughter was simply thrilled with them.", "I could find these for 200 on soccer.com, these are the first color the new ones go for less than what you're advertising it for. Rip off!", "We tried to buy these here on Amazon, but my son's size was already sold out so we got them from soccer.com.  He bought his regular cleat size because he has other Nikes and knows how they fit.These are the most expensive cleats he's ever owned, but they are VERY nice and he can feel the difference of the light weight and aerodynamic construction.  The description above indicates that wearing them in muddy conditions is not best, so if you can wear these as your best pair and keep another backup pair for rainy games/mud you might want to do that.The color is called mango--it looks like a neon coral.  They are sharp looking and help you leap tall buildings in a single bound, BUT the refs will definitely see every move you make, so play inside the lines.These are worth it for my son at this time.  The feel is terrific.  Your main consideration might be finding a similar shoe for a little less money if you buy cleats really often.One final note:  if you wear one brand that you like that is NOT Nike, try these in a store before you buy online.  We've bought a few different brands and Nike fits my son best so we're now comfortable buying online.", "They look GREAT however putting them on they are a tight fit, but they dont pich the feet either so, just trying to keep it &#34;real&#34; Not that anyone asked but I intend on only wearing these on carpet and not outside ever, also I plan on buying another pair", "This shoe is very comfortable and durable. Perfect for heavy exercising or just for everyday use. Unfortunately it has been discontinued so I was lucky enough to be able to find this one shoe online.", "Theses are the best sneakers I have ever purchased. From day one there has been no blisters or aches.They were comfortable from the get go and way cheeper to buy through Amazon than in NZ !", "Loved the cushioning under the ball of foot and heel --- great for jumping without impact to ankle knee hip -- only down side as that pink  rubber peels off the sole early on, and the bottom even came unglued recently!  Usually I discard the shoe before they wear out because of loss of cushion.  Unfortunately not the case here, but I would still buy again.", "Love this shoe!!!! The color is absolutely perfect, like a very bright, electric pink, which is very hot this season. I wear this shoe to the gym and get compliments EVERY time! They are very eye catching. Definitely has made going to the gym a little more fun ;) Although I did not get this shoe from Amazon.com, it was still the same price for me at the shoe store I got them from. I would recommend this shoe to anyone who's looking to put a little color in their gym shoe collection. They come true to size and are very comfortable for me.", "IF you're trying to decide about getting this shoe....without a doubt i say go for it. These shoes are so hot and worth every penny. As a matter of fact i need to send them an extra $50 (lol) not quite. Expect to get compliments all day. I just love them...they are so  freaking hotttttt babe. :) One happy customer...", "The shoes arrived early, which is always a good thing!  My husband was very pleased when he opened the box.", "These running shoes are WAY TOO EXPENSIVE.  Especially for a shoe that was prev iewed in \"2009\".  there are better ones out there, for less money!!!!", "The colors are very attractive, fits well, very supportive and reasonably priced. These shoes have excellent comfort! I look forward to seeing a new version of Nike Shox TLX. Thanks!", "We could not find these in any of the local stores or online for that matter.  Thank God they were available here or I would have had a very upset 5yr old to answer to.", "Don't get me wrong this is a really COMFORTABLE shoe! The cushions are made of memory foam so each step feels like you are walking on air!  The colors are vibrant and it's a cool looking shoe.  Only problem is that this shoe appears to be quite long.  As we all know Nike runs slightly small so I was surprised when I put these on.  I ordered a women's 8 but to me these things look long on my foot... but who cares how long your foot \"looks\" when you are working out lol Best part about this shoe is the tongue is attached to the body of the shoe so there is no slipping to the side while working out.  It is made of a stretchy material, so if you have wide feet you would probably really like this shoe.  My foot is NOT wide so sometimes I feel that I need more support in the toe box area.  I am keeping this shoe and will most likely wear it on my weight training days because it is very comfortable to stand in for long periods of time.  I will look for another shoe made with stronger material so that when I run/ workout it feels more secure on my foot.", "It fit too low in the back and didn't give me the support I needed. Very good cushioning. Great color! Good grip on the sole.", "I was extremely sceptical about ordering shoes online, but I couldn't be more pleased with my choice! I bought these for cardio training and weight training. Even though the description says &#34;off training days&#34; these are perfect for everyday training,  for me. I have narrow feet. Also, there is plenty of comfort room for your toes. The color is even more vibrant in person. I just love these shoes all around. As soon as I wear these one's out, I Will buy these again!", "These are probably the most comfortable tennis shoes I've ever bought, but they don't hold up well. Around the toe area is a soft mesh type material, and I already have a hole in them.", "I purchased a size 12.5 for my son who had picked them out here on Amazon.They shipped a size 12. I HAD to pay for return shipping!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!They did find a 12.5 and shipped them out but I WON'T buy from this seller again.Terrible customer service. Why should a customer have to pay return shipping (with a tracking number) when it wasTHEIR FAULT I received the wrong size!It cost me $11 to mail these back, after I wrote a LONG letter to them, they issued me a credit for $4 REALLY?!What a terrible way to do business.My son likes the shoes, they run small but they will do for now.My son wears an insert in his shoes and they did fit inside once he broke the shoes in.", "Tight fit not made for wide foot but matches a color scheme that i have created and it is a Jordan brand Nike shoe so reliable.", "The shoes were good quality and looked great enough to make a teenager happy (and stay happy for months so far, which is saying something). We did have a hiccup with delivery but Amazon took care of the problem within a day or two. It is nice to see a company as customer focused as Amazon.", "Fit as expected. it was a good choice i am happy with that. Kobe 4ever :P :) like it !!!", "These where a Valentine's Present my girlfriend got me. So the first time I got them, they where bright to me. But I wanted to see how they would fit on me, so I put my foot in and they were perfect. Not to wide and not too big. So now I got used to how bright they were, they are way nice and bright you certainly stand out in public, because I always get compliments from people and friends. Or I get haters that give me a wtf look, but that's okay. I love them, and thank my girl for getting them for me.", "I like the all white! I have had these before. I liked them so much I wanted another pair! Good shoes, casual and classy!", "I love my new pair of Jordans!  This is a unique but simple style style of Jordans.  Nice clean shoe that goes good with jeans or shorts.  The reason why im giving it only 4 stars is because there was a minor defect upon inspection of the shoe. I noticed a sharp wrinkle in the side of the shoe on the mesh area near the jumpman logo. Not too happy about it, and im not willing to send it back. But overall im satisfied with shoes and the fast delivery.", "I bought this for my son for Christmas he's 13 and that was at the top of his list...and when he opened it up Christmas morning he loved them!!!!So Happy I got him those and at such a low price too....happy customer :)", "I don't know if the picture is wrong or the title is wrong but these shoes are not kobe 7's. They are Melo M9's", "I ordered this shoe for basketball, i'm in 8Th grade and wear a size 10. I just got the shoe in the mail on Thursday i am very pleased. IT seems legit and when i compare it to my other Kobe it is the same, so do not be afraid to buy this shoe It's legit. It is very comfortable shoe and one of the best Kobe 7s to release. I'm very happy to have this shoe.", "My son is a satisfy camper for thanksgiving and he is getting addicted to amazon. Tennis shoes are very awesome", "Fits true to size but very narrow toe box. Had them on for few hours before I had to take them off.", "Es justo como en la foto. Ni mas ni menos. llego de acuerdo a la fecha. Lo recomiendo para quien le guste este tipo de zapato", "Brought back memories when I was playing college basketball. They are a great fit and excellent for indoor basketball. I am a guard and have flat feet. These are good shoes for fast guards.", "Got these for my hubby for Christmas and he loved them! He wears them almost every day. He loved them so much, he ordered a second pair in a different color.", "I bought these a while back, and I must say: these are the most durable, comfortable, and performing shoe I've ever worn to work out in. I love these and I will always stick with the Nike Free series.", "these shoes are so comfy and cute. Great for running or the gym. Try 'em! Runs 1/2 size small in my opinion", "This item is of excellent quality.it is the best!!!Iam very satisfiedt with this item .i will recommend it to all my friends ,so they buy it right away. And I know they will be as happy as me with their new item!!", "I bought these because i owned a pair of NIKEs with the lunarlon sole. These fit as expected and were good quality overall, and cheaper than competitors.", "Nike holds up well for my teenage sons.  They where the different styles year around as do my husband and I.", "the nike zoom hyperdunk elite is a wonder worker on the court.  I rate it five stars.  it is expensive but very very awesome.", "was not aware they ran just a bit small so extended wear made my feet sore..but overall amazing sneaker can be used for many occasions if worn correctly", "Great shoes good for the price too and most of all the seller promised of delivery fullfiled well. Highly recommended to all baskelball lovers.. This is the one for you guys... Very comfortable.", "extremely comfortable shoes. great color. great amount of cushion and support with out the extra weight. Went from Reebok real flex to these. No comparison. I recommend. Besides its not that expensive either. I say do it.", "i like these shoes alot. they are comfortable and very lite. i also think they are a little wider than the nikes ive had in the past which is somthing i look for and have trouble finding in sneakers", "These shoes were a gift for Christmas and were too small, although the correct (size 9) was ordered.  The box said 8 1/2 on the outside.  Had to got through the hassel of returning and reordering!  Cannot recommend the provider.  Don't know about the product itself.", "LEBRON 9'S ARE THE BEST LEBRONS IN MY OPINION. I ONLY OWN 9 AND 10'S BUT THESE ARE THE BEST LOOKING DEFINITELY AND THE 9' ARE ALSO MORE COMFARTABLE THAN THE 10'S", "Yellow LBJ's hot only for feet not good on hands...with socks no gloves seven more words four thre two one...done", "The item was received in a timely fashion, however the box was ripped in multiple places. I can't understand why a supplier would send something in a box that looks as if it lost the fight. I am COMPLETELY unhappy as this is a Christmas present. How do you wrap a gift in a box that appears to have been from years past. Amazon only offered to give me a 10% refund. Unacceptable!!! Problem is the supplier was the only one who had this particular shoe. If i had the time to look around, I would send them back. But my fiance really wants these shoes and I will be leaving in a few days and will not be able to await a new shipment.", "brought these for a good price. i will pick a few more up, you cant go wrong with the air force ones regardless!", "I bought these for my husband and he loves them. It's hard to find his size in stores. These fit like a glove and very comfortable from what he tells me. I wabt to buy more in different colors!", "My husband absolutely loves these. They are very well made, so they're worth the money. But they're Jordans so you already knew that. These are actually the second pair my husband got of these. He already had a black pair and really wanted these grey ones to go with other outfits. He says they are extremely comfortable. He'd buy them in every color if I'd let him! ' Definitely a good buy every time.", "Convenient, easy and elegant. Already bought two pairs, one on a summer apartment, a second -at home, in Russia. I was surprised that when my size 11.5D, which is identical for all footwear manufacturers, including Reebok & Skechers, these shoes come only 12D, and then close.", "I have a wide foot and had to order a men's 9 to fit my women's 8.3W foot. They run small. But in the perfect size, which mine are, they feel great. Light weight, roomy, and very comfortable. Love the color combination. It's more understated than some of the neon colors. Love these shoes. May buy another pair. THANK YOU!!!", "These were on a family members gift wish list.  Great Product as always!Recipient was very pleased and will remain loyal to Nike.", "These shoes feel wonderful.They were a  Great fit.  Can wear them all day without even feeling them. Like wearing slippers", "excellent product, very good quality and resistance, is also very comfortable and lightweight, great for any occasion, thanks is wonderfull", "Oh! This pair of shoes. I'm so glad that my dear husband loved it. I bought this for him as an advance gift for Father's Day. this shoes can match any outfit coz it's colored black and the gloden swoosh is eye-catching. It's just so versatile. It's sporty, can also be casual, can  just be worn day or night, rain or shine coz it's made of thick materials. You should buy this also if you have basketball-fanatic hubbies or bf.  :)", "love these sneakers ,feal great on,the gold swoosh looks killer but scratches off way too easy,messed up mine in the first 5 minutes just pimpin around the house,also the white and gold laces tend to discolor easy but comes with a another set of white laces,the material on the toe is like a mesh like material that makes them difficult to clean..", "Love these shoes because they're great for playing ball, and also go great for just wearing out.  They look great and feel great also.  Like most Nikes, they run a little tighter than most shoes, but the right fit is very comfortable.  The airbag on the bottom does more than just look good, you can feel the extra support as it never feels like you're actually walking on pavement.", "Look pretty awesome but are fairly tight. Took me a few days to break them in so they fit nice.", "These sneakers look great and feel great while walking.  The all-around air-max unit adds to the already cushioned inside.  The sneakers aren't great for playing basketball in however.  They cause your feet to hurt after playing for a certain amount of time.  I wouldn't recommend these shoes for basketball, but they are great for casual purposes.", "The shoes fit but came with lots of &#34;cleaning needs&#34;. I had to wipe down the shoes bc they were dirty and some caked-on dirt streaks. They were definitely sitting in a warehouse waiting for someone to purchase them. Box was also beat-up pretty good.", "Because the Nike lebron James Miami heat lows happen to run large. Sobi recommend buying a size smaller in these shoes", "I have ordered shoes before on amazon and I've never had this experience before,the company actually sent me two different sized shoes.One shoe was size 9 and the other one was size 10.5.This is the last time I order anything from KING USA RUNNERS.", "My son loves these.  They fit as expected.  You get what you are paying for, no hidden surprises.  They look good on him.", "very confortable shoes for excercise", "bought for my son and they really look great,they fit well and the colors are just perfect he really likes", "My son has been wearing them for about a month now, and so far so good.  He says they are comfortable. I like the bright green color.", "So glad I have these in my collection. Saving them for my next vacation, but can't wait to wear them. The materials and build quality are great and they look so clean.", "The classic Nike Huarache runner returns, adding Nike Free and Nike + technology. One of Nike's most revered 90s designs made even better by the tech updates. Great fit, breathability and wonderful materials make for a must have sneaker.", "Light weight very comfortable. Can't go wrong with these shoes for every sport. Love all the color combinations that are available.", "I normally wear a size 11.5 - 12 in all my shoes.  This style did not have size 12 available, so I chose the 11.5.  I also had the fear of the shoe potentially being too big.  I wore the shoes playing basketball once and severely bruised both my big toes, in which they are black and blue.", "I gt these because back in the day, I always thought that they were tight. Plus, you cannot find them in stores anywhere. Very Cool!", "my husband ordered this and he loves it everyone asks him about it we love the color it is  comfortable", "I really love these shoes I could not find them anywhere went on here and ordered them and they came fast i will order again from this company", "Got these sneakers for my honey! She loves them. They are very comfortable to walk in and the dirt and dust don't show.", "Thanks I love the shoes they were perfect for my lil man I look to doing business with you in the future", "not happen at all u all should make sure the order is right i am senting them back today thanks for nothing", "These sneakers are way too narrow for a toddler's foot, and they looked dusty. Plus the rubber on the toe of one shoe is different from the other. Not pleased, but they'll do for now", "My card didnt go through as I went to purchase. I want these preferably in the Silver 1's. Will you have those in my size any time soon?", "I finally found the sneakers my son had wanted for a long time! It was a wonderful surprise on Christmas morning! I had the hardest time finding a size 13E. They look great, a lot better in person then the photo. Fits like a glove, looks very nice with jeans. And very comfortable! Thank you Amazon!", "Get compliments and looks all the time, super comfortable and look great. I would recommend these shoes to any avid fan of ken griffey jr, baseball, or just shoe collector/fanatic in general.", "this are very nice and I love it, they are very soft on the inside and that'swhat I wanted.", "I got into the Gym about six months ago... I wasn't sure I was going to get into it or not, so did not invest much into gear.  I bought Walm*rt sneaks just to get by.  Wow, they hurt - I hated the treadmill, or any cardio, and even lifting, I hated anything were I had to stand up.  I decided it must be the shoes.  I still didn't want to spend $200 on sneaks, I think that is crazy - so I saw these in the store, tried on a bunch, and liked these alot.  Now, understand one thing - as the other reviewer stated - not much cushion for a name brand.  Not much arch support either.  BUT... take out the in-souls they come with, get the $25 Dr Scholls from your favorite discount store (make sure to get the 'sport' ones, not the super cheap ones), and... Viola - you just got a shoe as good as the $200 ones for under $100.  The shoe is very well built, great soul and traction, lateral support is stellar, the weight is great, and the BREATH.  Just need new in-souls.  You WILL be happy.", "bought these at a local sporting goods store ( for $20 bucks cheaper i might add )thought they might be good for spinning and overall inside shoes for the gym.unfortunately the sole design does not make for comfortable \"out of the saddle\" bike work outs and there is no cushion in the heels so even on the treadmill my knees were talking to me all the next day.they are very well ventilated and that's about the only plus i can see.", "I love these shoes.  I got them in a bunch of colors (I'm a woman and ordered two sizes down in the men's size for my normal size).  These are all I want to put on in the summer.", "I was in the market for slippers, and this product appeared once I typed in an inquiry.  Being a admirer of Nike, I was drawn in.  I first tried to find a cheaper price, on and off line, but was unsuccessful.  I surmised that they were from last years stock, so I ordered two pair.  The shipping was $20.00 for one pair and $30.00 for two.  I opted for 2 pair.  I was surprised to learn they were being shipped from Taiwan when I checked tracking.  That explained the outrageous shipping fee...or so I thought.  Anywho, the shoes arrived in good time.  I was extremely pleased when I opened the first box.  The look and feel was perfect and the comfort level was great.  But when I opened the second box. I found an inch of typing paper along with the shoes.  There was a letter attached explaining that the paper was necessary to reduce price of shipping.  This is totally ridiculous!  I felt ripped off!  I ordered yet a third pair.  Shipping dropped to $9.99.  I can't find a rational explanation for this, but beware.  Are the shoes worth it?  It depends on how much you love Nike and how much you like to be screwed.", "Great shoe for playing basketball. Fits true to size. My 11-yr old loves these tennis shoes.", "Shittest company ever the shoes fell apart like 4 days later after getting them. The seller sucks they will not help you at all. Seriously do not waste your money. Contacted the company several times they only responsed twice and now will not talk to me. They are not real nikes nikes dont fall apart after maybe 30 hrs of wearing them. I am going to report them to U.S. Customs and if amazon does not help me ill never buy again from them they are half responsible since they agreed to let this joke of a company sell on there website.  Please help amazon fix this issue.", "I bought these for my husband for his birthday. He has an older pair of Nike Frees, and he loves them, but they're getting worn out. Since I'm not the one wearing them, I can only comment on what I know, but he says the size 10 fits perfectly (and he usually wears a 10, if that helps). They shipped within 6 days. I did a little shopping around, and this was the best price for these that I could find, both online and in-store. Very pleased with this purchase!", "THIS IS NOT A HYPERDUNK IT IS A SCAM I HAVE SEEN THOSE SHOES AT MARSHALLS THOSE AR HYPER VENOMS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", "Great fit and cost for my growing teen. He loves them which was requirement. Great Christmas present. He wears them everyday!", "This product is better than I expected! I'm so glad that I ordered this pair of athletic shoes! All of my friends are asking where did I purchases these!I told them to go on Amazon!!", "My 11 year old son has flat feet and needed a sneaker that is wide.  I read previously that the melo m8 runs wide and it is 100% true.  He can finally wear true basketball sneakers without that tight, hurting feeling.  This was our last shot at getting a basketball sneaker and thank goodness I found these.  He's a size 11 1/2 right now, but he is growing so fast that he'll be out of them soon.  I'm in the process of finding a few sizes up in this style so he'll have shoes for a while.  I can't express how grateful he was when he was able to wear them.  He really feels they improve his game.  It's just an awesome feeling to see him happy.  I highly recommend them if you have wide feet and need a comfortable basketball sneaker.", "Yeah, I made sonic the hedgehog shoes from these! They're fairly comfy once you break them in, the high top is a little uncomfortable to sit in sometimes, and the inner sole kind of wears out quickly, but good all around imo", "I have a black pair of these (at least I THINK the '06 version) that I've been wearing about a year and a half that I love. They were so comfortable I decided to also get a pair in white (this exact shoe). They seem more snug than the last pair, but they are also pretty comfortable.Recently after watching an &#34;Honest Movie Trailer&#34; I realized this may be the shoe worn by Forrest Gump in his cross-country trek. Not sure if that means it's a great shoe that holds up for miles and miles or I have a limited mental capacity.But anyway. Good shoes, Nike. That's all I got to say about that.", "These shoes are comfortable. I was really surprised to get them online after every store in the city was sold out of this shoe. I hope to find more Jordan Retros online. It is easier to shop for these shoes and I really like Jordan Retro shoes. Believe me these shoes are not fake. They are the real deal.", "This shoe was sold out everywhere, Nike, Finishline, etc. So when I stumbled upon them here on Amazon I could not resist. I love them!!!", "Im a bonafide sneakerhead.  When I saw these, I had to have them.  I wanted teh TLX in all red, but it appears it was strictly a European release.Anyhow the blue are fantastic as well as the silver and black accents.  Mostly looking forward to wearing them in summer with khaki shorts as I dont like blue shoes with blue jeans.", "These running shoes are great! Very supportive and stylish...running in them is even better. I look forward to a similar model coming out soon!", "I like these a lot.  They are super comfortable and are nice and easy to clean with a damp cloth....:)", "These were great looking sneakers. They seemed light, but were TOO small. Seemed to have about a 1 to 1.5 size difference than what I normally wear. Had to return for this reason.", "These are my fifth pair of Nike Shox running shoes and I couldn't be happier with them!  They arrived in their original packaging and one day early, which was awesome!!", "overall I am enjoying the shoes. they fit well and function how I need them to. I would recommend them to anyone.", "Comfortable. Looks great.  I wear them even with jeans. I've had them well over a year and that still going.", "My son asked for these, and when he got them he was in love. I am so happy with his joy.", "Really comfortable, flexible, great arch support, comes in great colors. I thought they ran a bit small but after measuring my foot and using Nike's chart for this shoe, I see they run true to Nike's chart. Great sneaker.", "The second pair I ordered, after I returned the first pair for not fitting like my other free run's, I thought about returning them but I didn't want to pay for the return shipping. At this point I want to keep them, but that hesitation of not really wanting to keep something but being more afraid of the return process makes it impossible for me to recommend this store. Ultimately having to pay $15 dollars to exchange a pair that doesn't fit properly takes the safety out of online shopping. Amazon is great because you buy something and if it doesn't work out, you can return it... for free, Sneakers4U could not accommodate an exchange. Furthermore, even though my return was delivered to their warehouse on the 2nd of the month, my refund wasn't processed for over 2 weeks.Great shoes, just find a different store.", "ProsThese shoes are the lightest and most comfortable pair of shoes I've ever owned. The rubber material on the bottom of the shoe do an excellent job of cushioning your feet from walking or running of pavement. I wore these shoes to Disney world and averaged about 8+ miles a day walking and the end of my two week trip my feet and ankles didn't hurt at all. Due to the softness of the material on the bottom of the shoe I was worried they would wear out fast, but they haven't shown any excessive wear in the three months of wearing them.ConsRocks and twigs get stuck in between the gaps of the bottom of the shoe which can be annoying.SizingThe sizing of these shoes are true to size and I found them to be the same as all my other Nike shoes.", "Indescribably more comfortable than any shoe you have ever worn. I'm never going back to normal shoes.  They're light, flexible, and tough. 'nuff said.", "This is not a shoe, this is a torture device.Do not buy it!It is incredibly painful to wear and other people have reported a similar experience. You feel a terrible pinch where your big toe connects to your foot every time you walk. If I could return them to Nike for a refund, I would.You have been warned.", "I'm a woman, my foot is a bit wide for a woman and I LOVE THESE SNEAKS AND THIS COLOR! Have them in all the colors they make except black. They're a neutral shoe. Not perfectly flat - a bit higher in the heel. Having had plantar fascitis, I can't wear a totally flat shoe. Not too cushy and bouncy (a quality I hate) but they have enough cushion to avoid fatigue. Really, really comfortable. If you have those skinny, long feet, these might not be a perfect fit for you. My feet flair toward the box of the shoe. This shoe is perfect for my foot shape.", "A great running shoe. I love the design and colors, the specks on the blue park make this shoe unique, and the gray hides any dirt. I use these for treadmill running and outdoor and they have held up really well.They are really light, and don't give me arch problems. I'll be looking for another pair of Nike Free's for my next running shoe when the time comes.", "SIGNATURE PERFECT PRODUCT !!!!! I FIND it looks good it will give the GQ look am going for , a product that is high in quality and has flare jus the colour am looking 4", "Best shoes on the planet.  Like the color; they go with a lot of other colors.  Comfortable and worth the $", "Very stylish and comfortable.  Bought them in two different.  Would recommend them to everyone.Can't wait to wear my next pair.  Excellent Shoes!", "Excelente producto, de muy buena calidad..!! Buen precio y ning&uacute;n inconveniente a la hora de recibir el producto, entrega en tiempo y forma. Recomendable..!!", "Saw these and knew I had to get them. I'm a big D3 fan so as soon as I saw these and for the price I went for it. These are his 2012 playoff edition sneakers before he signed with Li-Ning company. These came in the original box- which was in great condition, with red shoelaces as well as the original white laces. The shoes themselves are comfortable and really nice. All in all great buy, I'm a happy camper!! GO HEAT!!!", "Nice shoe but very narrow. I hope it stretches because it is fabric. Love the design and got them at a very good price.", "Arguably the best performance shoe in basketball. It's lightweight, flexible and durable. All other great performance shoes lack one of those three things.", "Because of the popularity of Jeremy Lin Nike allowed people to create with their NIKEID program a hyperfuse(not hyperdunk) with orange and blue colors and Lin's name on the tongue of the shoe.  If you don't believe what I say about the shoe then feel free to look it up online.  There are plenty of articles explaining that Nike didn't make an actual shoe for him, and the shoe they made available to be created was only for the hyperfuse style(which is popular amongst NBA players).", "Product came 25 days earlier. My son was so excited to actually have these shoes to wear for the month of October in Support of Breast Cancer Month.", "these sneakers r so hot i luv me some kd so much that i ordered nikeid kd glow n the dark sneakers i can't wait to lay my eyes on them.", "Those are the best flip flop ever... I'm gonna get more and case there gone. They're a little pricey but it's worth it.", "Great flip flops and very comfortable.", "This thong has a rubber strap that rubs in between your toes and rubs them raw. Evil Evil fip flop. You were warned!", "Very nice air force ones nice blue color. The shipment came fast. It's worth buying. I will make another purchase", "I have had these shoes for over a year and they still look like brand new. They haven't lost any shape or form and haven't even gotten scuffed. They are awesome I am so glad I purchased these and would buy them again!", "These shoes look great, but run small, and are super NARROW! I'm so disappointed because I love the look & want to wear them so bad, but they make my feet hurt so bad after half an hour. I'm sure it's too late to return them as I've worn them outside a few times, so I basically paid $100 to look at these shoes & not wear them :( The material they're made out of is NOT breathable or stretchy, so I know I'm not going to \"break them in\". If you want these, make sure you order a half size up & have narrow feet, or you'll be seriously disappointed.", "I just bought these shoes and the package arrived two days sooner than the estimated time of arrival! :) Was a great surprise, I love the colors, the pink shows up ok online but now that theyre on my feet right now, they pop so bright! The soul provides great shape and support for my foot, (I have wide feet, size 8, and the kind of mesh white material you see on the toes and sides lets my toes breath when I walk or run around. They came in perfect condition, were packaged in the nike orange box and stuffed stiffly with paper, and were boxed and taped up again. The part I was most concerned about was the back of the shoe and if it would rub against my ankle as I walked, but it doesn't! And I wear very short low socks. The tongue of the shoe is very flexible but doesn't shift to the side, and it comes pre-laced for you already! I was jumping up and down even before I put them on, I wear a size 8 normally, and it gives like a half an inch space up for my toes so they are a perfect fit!I am 19, I jog and walk and run alot, I live in palm beach county FL where it's hot, and these keep my feet cool in every way!! Thanks!", "I love these shoes and have owned multiple pairs over the years. They give me just enough support and are really light! I love them!", "I love these shoes so super light on my feet. I used to only wear Nike shocks & another pair and I had to buy two pairs of these one for the gym & for a street shoe love the way they look and feel Amazing!", "Great buy!!! Very happy and comfortable fit!!", "I like these kicks because they really make me feel like I'm walking on air. They are also stylish and you will defiantly have heads turning, on and off the court.", "Great price, great looking, and hubby just loves it, came on time, couldn't ask for a better way to purchase a sneaker, for some one that wanted a NIKe.  thanks again", "look in the description. it says shoe not shoes only one shoe dont buy unless you only want one shoe", "they keep me stuck to the floor when balling and light as expected with the full length air zoom.  these are a head turner on the court and very durable also", "I am always looking for Jordan shoes as my team mates do! Tha Jordan 2012 is one of the most wanted, items, so I was looking for the complete staff, with the complete ankle support kit,with 3 or for color options.", "After a long waiting time, my shoes came and they're wonderful. We had some problems because we live in Brazil and taxes became higher than we thought. But, Id4shoes solved our problems in a good way. They were great, answering all e-mails I sent and trying to make the best for consumer. Thanks for all your patience!", "Quick delivery, and very good customer service. I was confused about what company was doing the final step of delivery but ID4SHOES quickly responded to my e-mail and gave me all the info on the Swedish delivery service, which I thought was excellent.I'm a European size 37 and US size normally 6 - 7. I ordered 6,5 and they are a perfect fit. The only thing was that there is one seam that is not a 100 %, it's a bit crooked so to speak and it makes the shoe look less than perfect. But I can live with it.", "buen modelo y excelente rendimiento inclusive para un ni&ntilde;o de 10 a&ntilde;os que es el uso que se le esta dando", "i bought this style of shoe about 5 years ago to teach Zumba classes.  they were on sale, so i went ahead and bought 4 maybe 5 pairs.  i have switched between them all for the last 5 years and they have taken a lot of wear.  i never wear my dance shoes out of the studio.  These are much snazzier looking than my old ones, they really stand out.  They fit the same and feel the same as the ones i originally bought.  i have a wider foot and nike normally does not work for me, but these fit.  i have high arches and use 3/4 rigid inserts and gel heel cups for heel pain.  they all fit in the shoe.  i use a thin to medium thickness sock, i have tried just thin with these.  i have used them on wood and carpet already, and they work great.  i could tell how worn out and compressed my old ones were.  These shoes may not be for everybody, but they work for my rigid non flexible high arched foot with some arthritis, neuromas, and heel pain.", "I have waited 10 years for Nike to remake this SHOE, You will love the way this shoe fits and feels. A must buy for runners", "By them half a size to big and they fit perfectly for cutting and custom footbed. Normally I have trouble with Nike cleats being too narrow but these fit really well. In normal shoes I use US 8.5 and these fit me in a US 9.0.", "i love these shoes. i have gotten so many compliments on them and talked to others with different colors. out of everyone i asked, my price was the lowest and i stilll got the great authentic nike product.", "The size was too big. The soccer cleats are very conformtable and nice. I had to put a insole to used them", "the left shoe is smaller than the other shoe, and i never can use it, please don't buy anything in these place", "I love these boots! This article was sent from the UK to the United States and from U.S. to Venezuela...", "This has been my favorite Nike shoe.  When I couldn't find it again locally, I decided to buy it on-line.  I paid more, but it was worth it.  My feet are a bit wide, and I found these have a little more width than most athletic shoes.  They are light and comfortable no matter what I'm doing.  They also breath well.  Initially, I bought my first pair because of the styling - distinctive, but not over the top.  They also match with just about everything.  I still can't get over the fact that I prefer to run in these versus more expensive shoes touted especially for that purpose.", "I wear these shoes almost everyday. They can be used for nearly everything except running. Fantastic for skateboarding and casual wearing and will last for a while. I purchased these shoes almost six months ago and they still are in good condition.", "I purchased these for my husband and he loves them, would recommend them to anyone. The only drawback is they don't come in additional colors. True fit to size.", "The product fits really well. It's great for training and looks cool too.  The sizing is spot on compared to other products where the US sizes are larger cuts than Australia or Europe.  Extremely light weight.", "Nice Grip ballin with them. Bought em for less than i expected. They are really good anc the color is nice.", "It a shoe that fits to the.size you want may be a little big but a shoe that is like no other", "this shoe made my shoe game even better aqnd made many peole jealous love it so much for a great price", "These shoes fit well, and don't leave my feet aching. I would recommend them for anyone looking for a comfortable, fashionable running shoe.", "Indeed I will recommend the product to my peers.  The fit is really cool.  I like everything about it.  I chose the rating because I absolutely love my shoe.", "I bought them to minimize injuries to my feet and calves while walking and running with my dogs and they have done exactly that. They are also comfortable.", "My college-age daughter who was a very good runner in high school ordered these shoes for recreational running in college.  She really likes them and says they are very supportive--just what she was looking for.", "Very cute sneaker.  They are light and bouncy...  I would have loved to have kept them, but they were about half a size to a whole size too small.", "Nice product! Fit as expected. Works as expected. Very comfortable. I am using it for ultimate games. Dirt stick but can be remove easily.", "ESTOS ZAPATOS SON PARA MI HERMANO Y ESTA MUY CONTENTO CON EL PRODUCTO, LLEGARON A MI PAIS SIN NOVEDAD Y MUY A TIEMPO.", "The Best !!! Excellent pair of soccer shoes.. Great product. My kid enjoy them very much and was what i was looking for. The latest at a great price. I never find them so cheap. Like them very much.", "they are really cool Awesome shoes, I get compliments all the time. The were mailed quickly, I would totally recommend", "I liked the football cleats. The only problem was the sizing. He wears a size 12 and I could not get his feet into this shoe at all.", "This is the first pair of Nike shoes that I was able to find that fits properly in ages.  They're very comfortable, and they absorb the majority of the shock when I run.  To top it off, they actually look decent for a running shoe!  Unfortunately the right shoe started squeaking on the second day, and a week later, the left shoe started in.  The noise level is getting worse, not better, and I noticed that the clear air pocket thingy in the heal is collecting white debris.5 stars for performance/looks/comfort3 stars for noise (I can hear it over my headphones, even when the volume is high!)I'm taking these back to see if I can get a pair that's not so musical.  A bit of research done online seems to indicate that Nike is known for such issues, however.", "As an avid runner (5k to 1/2 marathon), I don't wear Nike's for training or racing.  I have wide feet and Nike doesn't make a lot of the models I would use in wide sizes.  However, I love the way a lot of them look so I got a pair of regular width Air Dictate 2.  They are surprisingly comfortable; usually the regular width are a little tight.  Although I wouldn't replace my New Balance running shoes, these Nikes look great in a pair of jeans and are comfortable enough to wear all day.", "I love these shoes. Very well made, no concerns with them coming apart. Made leather tops and solid rubber bottom. Bottoms are flat with little tread, but the shoes aren't slick. They are pretty comfortable. I would definitely buy these again, as I have also bought them in white. Which are even better in my opinion. But overall all its a great shoe at a good price.", "I bought these for my son not really knowing what to expect.  He Loves these shoes. They're extremely comfortable for him,  easy to maintain, and looks very nice on him. They shipped when the company said, no problems.", "I give my boy friend this shoes,he is very like it.Suitable as a gift.MUST BUY.(Very awesome)", "these shoeS totes rock my socks off man. i be lookin fly as a mF.justin beiber be jealous as hell.", "The shoes are nice looking and starting to breaking. During the first couple of runs the sides where a little snug. Only down side is the price is high, may want to wait or look for similar product at lower price.", "Beautiful looking  boot  .. fits  great  and  well worth the  purchase price .. would definitely recommend  to a  friend yay !", "Good look comfort is good too. But the mesh on the shoe will rip. if youre gonna get thes, get the supreme versions.", "yo i didn't get to order these yet, but u can best believe that am stackin the paper for these should be able to cop by next week", "so my wife just got me these, i was stackin the chips away but she got'em for me, there fresh 2 def and ya, thanks amazon", "This shoe is a good fit for light running and cross training. If you plan on running long distances, pick a shoe with more cushion. If you do short distances and sprints, this should accommodate you nicely...", "These shoes fit great, have fantastic soles and are marvelous to walk in. I really enjoy wearing them and HIGHLY recommend them.", "I saw these shoes on someone today in the train station. They looked pretty nice overall, a well-styled contemporary pair of kicks. I didn't take much notice of them until I saw them on Amazon. Now I am kicking myself for not robbing the guy who was wearing them. I'll be keeping an eye out!", "After months of scrimping and asking for donations I had finally saved up $6999 to purchase and hand deliver mosquito nets/food stuffs for starving children in a far away village. Enough to last a month! But then I wondered... &#34;how am I going to survive the treacherous journey in these ridiculous $60.00 new balance sneakers? But what about my selfie with all the needy children? Ughh my facebook profile will be wanting!&#34;After purchasing these sneakers I was able to run faster, jump higher and breath easier. Food tasted better and girls looked at me like I was a greek god. The endearing looks I received from the starving children upon my arrival let me know it was all worth it. Thanks NIKE!!!! (signed me & starving children)", "When I first seen these shoes I was transfixed. Then on second glance I thought why would I want to velcro the lower half of the shoe and lace the upper half? I mean come on, the hardest part of high tops is lacing the actual high top. I'll give you the 7000.00 but I want my commission cut when you change the design. Oh and camouflage would be nice. Can't be sneaking around in sneakers that can be seen.", "Straight out da box, I knew that these would be the slamminest kicks I evah threw up on an electrical line. From da moment I knotted the laces together to da moment dey left my hands, flyin through da air like numb chucks or sumptin, I could feel da raw balance in em. If you gonna go to da hood and throw a pair of kicks in on an electric line in memory of your boy, dis be da kicks to do it wif.", "Are you selling a house and using the sneakers as a rep? If yes, then count on me as a buyer.", "I don't have the money for these now. Fortunately, I'm going to inherit a lot of money when I give all my personal information to some nice stranger, who emailed me from Somalia. Once the check clears, these bad boys are mine!I am also going to buy a certain famous bridge I saw on Craigslist.", "After two successful kickstarter campaigns I was finally able to buy a pair of these shoes and a sandwich. But after you eat the sandwich all you're going to ever get is a pile of s***. Not so with these shoes, buy them and they are yours' for life. Hell, I'd punch a baby for a second pair of these. I'd wear one pair only in the bed and the other for the street.", "Well, I figure if I'm going to drop as much money as it takes to feed a family of seven for a year, I should be willing to depart with some of the excess on my feet.  I'll have to make sure I get the measurements correct, but I'm sure I can live without my toes provided my feet are in these shoes.  Thankfully, hacksaws are cheap, so I won't even notice the extra cost.", "I could buy 1000 shoes for myself and buy another 1000 for a homeless shelter for the price of one pair of these.I am sure nike could pay the poor sweat shop children making their shoes a whole years wage at the cost of one shoe", "At first I thought, &#34;$7,000-$8,000 for a pair of shoes!  That's crazy talk!&#34; But, when I read the description I learned that these are AUTHENTIC shoes.  I've never owned a pair of authentic shoes before and I just don't know if I can go on without them.  I'm dropping out of grad school TONIGHT and hitting the corner.  We all know M.P.H.s don't have $7K shoe money but hookers sure do!  I feel like I need to rethink every life choice I've ever made.  All these years without authentic shoes....", "After a bit of talking with my husband we decided to not pay our rent for a little over 1/2 a year and live out of our car so we could both look smashing. My hippie sister complained we should have donated 'all that sneaker money' to a charity, but face it, bitch, I look fabulous.", "I had to return the $3,000 pair, they just weren't elite and snobby enough for my spoiled tootsies.  But these, just like miserly Mr Scrooge and the Grinch's green heart are just a tad too tight.  The style and materials ARE authentic, I have to admit...but I need even more cush and foam, so am eagerly awaiting the next generation of $10,000 + styles. I am praying those come with silk laces handmade by the Dahli Llama, 24 Kt logos and jewel-encrusted toes?  Please Nike, surely you can reach deep into your hearts and provide me with the ultimate, authentic, foamy, one-of-a-kind size 5s?", "I've been saving up for a car for a few years now, and finally got up to $7,000. I'd been looking at used cars when someone directed me to these shoes. Sure, they're slower transportation than a car, but no insurance or fuel costs! And they say cars are a status symbol, so what kind of status is conveyed by a used car? Poor. What kind of status is conveyed by a $7,000 pair of sneakers? Well, I think that's obvious. Certainly not &#34;poor&#34;, am I right?As far as the YEEZYs go, they're awesome. Still, I did have to take a star. Half a star because they're only offered in men's sizes. I'm a woman (shoe size 7.5), so I have to wear nine pair of socks. That does make them VERY comfortable, though! The other half was dropped because they don't qualify for Prime. Who's got $15 to spend on shipping for $7,000 shoes? Be real.", "If wearing them doesn't scare her away just show her the bill, it's cheaper than divorce and she wont even want half!", "Did not hold up to hiking or walking the Bayou. Hard to get clean, I'd advise spraying them with some of that waterpoof shoe stuff.", "I was just reminiscing the other day that it's been almost exactly 25 years since I murdered someone for Nikes, and boy do I miss those days. Then these shoes came along. While I cannot find anyone who has bought a pair so that I can &#34;jack&#34; them, I did find them on Amazon at a price that inspires me to go back to my gangster lifestyle. These shoes = street cred.", "You have got to be kidding me. The price of a new Hyundai for some stupid shoes. Fools and their money will soon part.", "Why? Who? They are nice looking, probably comfy but please.  Why would anyone in their right mind spend that kind of money on sneakers?", "I was merrily burning a trash can full of hundred dollar bills one evening while surfing the net, when I happened across these stylish little darlings.  As the firelight flickered beside me, I thought my eyes deceived me, could this really be?  Such fabulous shoes at such a reasonable price?  I love my Jimmy Choos, I have a room in my house dedicated strictly to heels, but Choos have been so overexposed even housewives in Iowa have at least six pair.  And I needed a pair of sensible--dare I even call these beauties &#34;sneakers?&#34;  I think that is an insult.  All I can say is, &#34;Bravo, Nike, you've done it again.&#34;  I'm in love with these shoes.", "Since the pressure from my peers to be respected and well loved reached an unprecedented high, and my need to comply with the current trend became overbearing, I was thrilled to find these shoes at the bargain price of $7000 - $8000. And I wasn't even bothered by the rough estimate either! What's a 'grand' right, when it comes to owning these slick shoes?!Obviously, selling all my worldly possessions, and semi-vital bodily organs (except my feet) to own these has easily landed me as the coolest dude in the neighborhood. Although now, having been forced to live on the street, the only people who hold me in high esteem are the alley cats and kind Mr Foung who lets me eat from his dumpster after lights out.It might cost just $20 to give a child clean drinking water, but who cares?! I have these shoes!Thank you Nike. I'm so comfortable now thanks to you, and know that my money is in safe hands as you distribute it to the workers in your factories overseas.", "Because some reviews are leaving out some key features of this product, I figured I'd better set some things straight. First of all, this $8,000 price is for TWO SHOES. Not one, like shown. That alone makes this worth the bargain, as I would have expected to pay that amount per shoe.Now on to the shoes themselves. Only a complete poser would wear these simply for running, tennis, or climbing a tower formed from the emaciated bodies of foreign child laborers. The best thing about them is that every time you kick your foot in the air, you smack the invisibility off a ninja. You would not believe how many of those bastards are hiding around you just out of view. But they are in for a hell of a surprise because with each arc through the air you will as many as three silent warriors flat on their jut-su. Blasting a masked assassin through a tree is every bit as awesome as it looks in the movies.One complaint I had was that they are a little loose and do not allow you to walk or run across the surface of water, as I discovered to my chagrin when I tried to chase a fleeing ninja across the duck pond. Now I need another suit sewn from threads of pure platinum because this one is wet. On the plus side, they do let you run up vertical walls and across hot lava provided you can hold your breath through the fumes.  For the lava, I mean, not the walls. Unless the walls are covered in molten rock which is more common than you might think when you're sieging a castle, which is a hobby I picked up after I ran backwards through time trying to beat my best 5K time while wearing these overpowered shoes. Did I mention you can travel back through time using a padded indoor elliptical running track?  Well you can, which is what I did to convince myself to order these shoes from Amazon last week. Now we go out kicking ninja ass along the bike paths and at Starbucks. Ninjas love Starbucks.", "Sure, they may just &#34;look&#34; like some normal pair of sneakers, but what makes them so special is that they were hand made by blind catholic monks in Vatican City, also the &#34;Synthetic&#34; polymer that makes up these shoes was created atom by atom at the LHC. What also makes the deal worth it is Nike supplies their own certificate of authenticity. Making sure these shoes are 100% authentic and not just some 3,000 dollar knockoff.", "Don't be fooled! Spend $40 and take your basketball shoes to your local body shop to be styled up. With the money you save, take George Takei out to dinner!", "I know what you're thinking, &#34;$7,000 for shoes?!&#34; No, this is not a joke! They are real and 100% AUTHENTIC.  My douchebag neighbor said he could have bought 100 pair of nice shoes with what I spent, BUT these shoes are authentic, so who's the loser now? I might be tempted to think they were pricey if they were only 50% authentic, but for %100 percent authentic shoes, this is a steal.", "Worth the money. Nice colors and materials. The build quality is a little bit better than the average for his price class.", "It was just the right size as i was expecting it to be. Not too small nor not too large", "I'm from Pittsburgh so things 'black and yellow' naturally appeal to me.  But this pair of Nike's is naturally comfortable as well.  I use them for everyday activities - not necessarily as a running shoe - but for everyday walking / jogging / playing b-ball - they work fine - and a very reasonable price.  Thanks!", "Really nice shoes, but not as comfy as the lunarglide 4s. They're just a little bit stiffer. Walked around Disneyland all day in them and had no issues. Thw animal print is reflective, so it shines whenever light hits it.", "My son loves them, and holds up to a 12 year old running around.  He even wears these for track, and his exploring expeditions here in MT.  The color was really spot on, yet not too loud.", "I love this shoes, wooow =)They look very special and I m sure that my boyfriend look stylisch with them", "the animal prints reflects when the lights shine on it, comfortable ride and a great look, all that i look for on a running shoe", "The shoe fit very will it also has a well made fill to it. The styling of the shoe makes it great for any activity.", "The shoe fit very will it also has a well made fill to it. The styling of the shoe makes it great for any activity.", "These Shoes are beyond my expectations! The colors just pop! The red is very bright and so is the orange tongue, these are definitely an attention grabber. and worth every cent i paid for them.", "Nikes stretch out, so not worried about the size. I ordered a 10.5 and it's just a little too tight. Great color. Gets lots of looks and compliments.", "I have been looking for this shoe since I saw it in House of Hoops.....Know one had it, but I found it on Amazon. I LOVE IT", "These are really comfortable shoes for running. I usually run for 45 mins to 1 hour 5 days a week. my knees used to hurt with my old shoes., When I got these shoes I felt really comfortable while running. These shoes provide enough cushion to absorb  the stress on knees or legs while running.  I loved it", "These shoes are very comfortable and fairly light weight.  They shipped very quickly.  The sizes were right on the money.  I wear them as casual shoes so as far as running quality I can't really help you there.", "i'm a admirant to nike sneakers ,and other products of nike, very nice on wearing, comfortabile i'm very pleased, light on walking", "Purchased for a gift and the price is definately comparable to the stores. excellent quality and comfort, also like the fact that the top on these is not mesh like most of them are", "As always Nike makes a quality product and it is a great looking shoe. Bad part is if you have a anything but a very narrow foot don't was you time on this shoe. I am working oversea and all i have to say is thank goodness for shoe stretchers", "If you need your feet to breathe because they sweat too much, then do not purchase these. My feet sweat horribly in these. I hate them so much I wish I could return them but by the time I had a chance to wear them, I was passed my return policy.", "Love these seem to last a long time before breaking down. wish they had more colors.Still good shoes. would buy another pair", "I love these shoes, attractive, good ankle support, if you need super support though look else where. They are great playing shoes, I wore them out a few times before they got playing time though!They are priced because of the \"Jordan CP3\" on it don't be fooled. However if you can afford it and like it get it! It is reasonable in comparison with its competitors.", "Perfect shoes, Beautiful shoes, Jordan Retro 1 great shoes . . . . . .. . . . . .", "Received product earlier than expected. Product packaged securely as I am admitedly a shoe snob and like to keep the box and contents. Very pleased. Also came with both white and black laces, which was cool because I threw the whites on another pair and it spiced them up nicely. Will definitely order from this seller again. Hopeful ly there are deals after xmas.", "These r the best purchase I've every made.  But since my last purchase it's hard to find my size", "I have short wide feet so it's a relief I can find these on Amazon.  It's hard finding 8 4e's in stores as most do not stock them.  For the appearance of the sneaker they look like the Heaven's gate cult member shoes but oh well I like them despite the stigma that black nikes may or may not have to some people.", "or the fast shipping. Exactly what I wanted.  Very good for guards easy to move from left to right without restriction on your foot", "These fit comfortably and were actually a little brighter in person than the picture showed. I love them and have already worn them many times", "My Son always orders Nikes!! They always pull thru for him and trust me...... he is very picky!!!! I will jump on any deals.", "Bought these for my 15 year old son.  Order was received very timely, packaged well.  The shoes are great and my son was very happy with them.", "They were tight so I just had to walk in them a day or two to break them in other than that they fit fine.", "I'ts delivered fine and i am happy about the quality too.Thanks.", "I like these shoes, but the fit seems a tiny bit small. The shoes rub up against my heel when walking.", "Product is very good, and in this case a sob product which I was looking. I have lots of Nike shoes, and all of them are size 8. For some reason, this size 8 is a bit smaller. Fits ok but a little too tight. My with time should loose...", "Nike Satire fit perfect. Color isn't true to the description they are more a purple than Deep Royal Blue.Cheap shoe laces tore them within 5 minutes of tricks with my skateboard. I won't know how they hold up for skating until I get a month of use.", "My 13 yr old son was very excited to open these shoes on his birthday.  The kids at school told him they were &#34;fresh&#34;.  Apparently that's quite good.  They are comfortable, fit true-to-size, and seem to be wearing well so far.", "This shoes look awesome! But you need to be advised that these are skate shoes... They're THICK and heavy with a HUGE tongue. My biggest complaint is that they rub the top of my big toe when I'm walking. And did I mention how heavy they are?", "Not sure what else to write but my boyfriend loves the shoes. It was exactly like the one we saw at WSS and about $10 cheaper. The shoe was described perfectly. Very well made.", "These shoes look and fit great, but are coming apart where the nylon cloth attaches to the rubber sole.  My son isn't that active either.  Next time I'll stick with the leather Nikes.", "They are really pretty shoes, the have a lot of style, they combine with every clothes i use, and they are really strong.", "Christmas gift. My grandson wanted new shoes for Christmas so he picked these, he has bought them before and really likes nike brand. He's happy I'm happy.", "For the price these are a great deal. very comfortable for walking my dog on all types of terrain. Lightweight, durable, breathable and water resistant. I highly recommend.", "One of the best hiking trail shoes I have found and unfortunately it appears NIke is no longer making this product.", "I bought these boots for my son to use at football camp in the summer. This is only the second match of the tournament but already they are opening at the sides.", "Excellent quality, fits as expected. The skin on these shoes is not quite as forgiving as on the hypervenoms, and the cleat pattern is a little more aggressive. Longer cleats in the back are good on longer / softer grass. But for me, that is perfect.", "It's def not the best cleats you can get, but it fits really well and if you care about the looks it looks good.I wish it was more durable and sturdy. However, you get what you pay so I'm satisfied.", "Very disappointed we paid $70 for cleats and could only wear them 4 times. I felt I should let someone know the problem we had with these. They look great, but after 3 soccer practices, my son was complaining about heel & back pain. He wore them in a game, and could barely walk after it.  Upon inspection, the heels have deep indentions and nearly no padding. Only wore them 1 week and had to buy new shoes. Bought new adidas and all heel and back issues went away.  We never had a problem like this with NIKE before.", "I thought it was red,but is more on the pink side.  They are starting to rip near the right toe.", "The shoes are amazing for the price. They fit nicely and the supplier got the shoes here fast and well protected in the box.", "Size a bit smaller", "Excellent shoes for a great price. Fit as expected and are easy to keep clean and new looking.", "I did not know at the time but my grandson has these in a different color.  Perfect timing since someone relieved him of his soccer bag and all his gear.  Perfect Christmas present for him.", "Its my first mercurial (i used to play with Tiempos), the size fitted as expected.. its very high quality and i'd recommend this soccer cleats to any friend of mine!", "Excelent soccer shoes. I like its weight they are so light and I recommend them if you are very fast at the field.", "Nice quality. They fits great and my son says they are comfortable and they work well for him on the soccer field.", "This soccer cleats fit as I expected, are very comfortable and a light weight. About the exterior, I purchased in black by the way, I wanted in another color but only black was available on my size :(, however this shoes look very nice and the cleats are not as usual. I like it, are perfect to run and pass the ball, because make you able to have and good control shooting or passing, also dribbling and getting high running speed. This are my third Nike Shoes, I have one for running and another casual to go out, and this brand have not disappointed me until today.", "We like the shoe but Can we return and get a bigger size please it is to small and we need a size bigger", "My experience with these shoes was great because I like their design and are comfortable and lightweight feel while running", "i absoulty love these cleats. they are great feeling and looking. they do get really dirty easily though. but most cleats do. mine got really smelly so i got another pair to switch on and off between the two to help them air out", "this product is just what we ordered and needed would recommend and will be purchasing more in the future, I am very happy.", "Nice looking, im very satisfied. The quality also i think they are going to last for a long time! what else can i say... the price also is very affordable.", "They're great. I am a big fan of the prize and the comfort the cleats have. For me they are the perfect cleats to start playing soccer again.", "they were just the way i saw them. the velivery was not that fast but it came and that's important", "Size was smaller than expected, would prefer a 9.5 the next time I order any football boots from Nike. &#128546;", "I got these for my grandson he picked them out himself and when he saw them he just loved them.", "Just like the picture. I bought for a friend and he loves it very much. its a good product and I recommend.", "Not much to be said here from a happy customer. These are simply the best turf soccer shoes I've ever owned. Period.", "Very good product, but it's a little hard at the beginning but as soon as you wear it more and more it loosen.", "For any soccer player on turf, get these cleats. They're so comfortable and have amazing touch off the ball. MUST haves!", "I RECIEVED THE NIKE MENS MERCURIAL VICTORY IV IN PERFECT CONDITION IN THE PRICE AND THE TIME LIKE I BUY, TAHNK VERY MUCH", "My son size is 9 1/2 and it fits perfect. The quality of the material is perfect and he loves them.", "For most of my soccer cleats I usually get them a size bigger for comfort. With these nike veloce they fit just as I expected. I love the way they fit my feet and I am impressed with the style of the cleats. Overall I am very satisfied and will definitely recommend these cleats and or products to friends.", "I hope you can understand my english,  I will be honest with you, i was surprise,  because always I have thought thah in Amazon the article will be cheaper , but this shoes was more expensive ..........When I knew that it waas too late I Couldn't stop the purchase, but I like it.", "I recommend these shoes to anyone. They are extremely comfortable and have a great feel and response. It was a great purchase.", "My son is a competitive soccer player.  I buy him good shoes because I figure it's cheaper than paying an orthopedic doctor later.  He loves these shoes.", "I've switched from Adidas shoes to Nike because i like how they fit, and their light weight. I also own the Mercurial Victory TF for indoor, and so I got these for outdoor play, plus on indoor fields with artificial grass that allow cleats. I note however that the sizing for these is NOT the same as for the other model I have; I maybe should've tried them out somewhere rather than ordering online, but I figured that they'd be the same. These are noticeably smaller! So the same 9.5 size is a wee bit tight (but not painfully so-- I still love these).It's also not like they are going to stretch out like my kangaroo leather Copa Mundials did; I should've gotten those in maybe an 8.5 and let them stretch and mold. So, beware about sizing. Maybe go up a half size from what you might expect? YMMV!", "im liking it if you play indoor soccer i definitely recomend this shoes they are light and comfortable and they fit as expected had no problems", "I bought them for my son, he had chosen them by himself. They are beautiful, very comfy and light, easy to play while wearing and meet all my son's expectations. He's happy with the purchase!After three months of wearing them for his games the soles have been worn to holes) in the toe area - that's very disappointing, I didn't expect that at all from Nike!  So I have to buy another pair again :(", "It is a good shoe for the price, the only problem I have with it is that it's a bit tight", "i bought these shoes for my off season off soccer so i can play in the gym and other places and i love them. they are extremely comfortable and light weight and extremely colorful! good job nike!", "it is what i wanted  and it fit real well and i am  and i love it i do tell pople about the product", "Those shoes fits exactly like I want, I love my new nike shoes ans I have no doubt you will love it too.", "nice shoes, but a little bit small, good material quality, recommended! perfect to play soccer, if the size fits i'd give five stars", "he shoes good and is a beutiful .. confortable and amazing.. the texture and the colors spectacular  i recomend this shoes....", "Good fit, comfortable and good price. Love the bright colors..makes it easier to find my son on the field or court", "I didn't think it was synthetic, but that one is really worth it is so d**nm durable! It's pretty small But it's very Nice. Everybody like it... I could even resell it :-) Good stuff!", "My son had only used these shoes for a couple of weeks before the outer covering started peeling away on the toe of the shoe. That is ridiculous for a brand like Nike. I would expect a better quality shoe from them. Not happy with this purchase at all.", "I'm normally not a fan of buying cleats on line since fit can be an issue with my wide feet. These were for my son who has the same wide foot issue. I took a chance since I had seen some good reviews but there were no local resellers. They fit perfectly and have held up through spring season with little wear (played on turf). Here's hoping his feet don't get larger during the fall season where he'll be playing on grass and turf.", "These shoes are lightweight and comfortable. They are well made with a sturdy material.But that is where the positives stop. Playing indoors with these shoes feels like I'm wearing bowling shoes. I can't cut, stop, accelerate, or turn without slipping and sliding around. Very disappointing.", "Appearance is like the picture and the inner softness makes playing for an hour be a delight. Nike is Nike!", "Perfect fit and they look amazing. Prepare to stand out from a mile away. They run bit smaller, maybe like half a size smaller or less, when comparing them with the Nike T90 FG outdoor cleats. If you are like me and you like your indoor boots to be tight, for better control and feel when your striking the ball, it shouldn't  be a problem for you. If you don't intend to use them to play and are you're just looking for stylish looking indoor shoe to wear with a jean and a jersey, then I would suggest you add half a size to your normal size for a more comfortable fit.", "Love my new shoes. they r very comfortable and beautifull, love the color, mateched the description, arrived on time. Thanks", "Color, style and laces are perfect.  For once, the laces stay tied for my son's soccer cleat. Run Run Run!", "These are superb cleats, very good for the money. Recommend as a starter pair. Good grip, and they look awesome.", "they are awesome I had no problems with anything and quick delivery. They are even cuter when I put them on my 11 month old.", "Good product but the size is a little smaller than the regular nike's..Good shoes and the model too.. Take a look with the size you buy", "the delivery was on time . in my opinion it is not worth that price , un comfortable  and ugly it looks way better in the picture", "I am a Size 9 , bought them to play soccer but even though at first you may think they fit perfectly, once you start playing you realize they are too tight on your toes and you just have to stop playing because of the pain, you cant kick or run. I should`ve bought a Size 10 instead. Other than that, the quality of the materials and how they look or grip to the court are awessome and would recommend them, but keep in mind to buy a bigger size than you normally would", "Pink shoes are awesome!Never gotten so much attention from an article of clothing.Yeah;  there is always some idiot that loadly questions my orientation.. that's on him.The ridicule is worth the conversations I have with women.", "i have narrow feet and these shoes fit me perfectly.  Have only played in them once, so i can't comment about the durability,  but they felt great.i wish there were more color selections of this on amazon but overall i'm happy", "Great pair of shoes, look nice in the court or with jeans in the mall. The fit is small and tight so order 1 size larger than your other shoes", "I bought this product to my son and he was very pleased. I am thinking to buy one to me, it will do it next year", "Love this sneakers! They are quite comfortable and retro looking. I would recommend them to anyone...and that's all I have to say but amazon is forcing me to keep writing to use up to 20 words.", "I LOVE these shoes! I can always count on Nike high-tops to be dependable in terms of fit and quality. I've been wearing them for nearly 30 years and I love the color combos available as well.", "My boyfriend absolutely loves these shoes!  He says they are the most comfortable pairs of shoes he has ever worn and he would buy another pair!", "I got these shoes for my spouse for a birthday gift.  These shoes are so comfortable with all of the air pockets and great for working out.", "Most comfortable shoe I have had in long time on my 4th pair of this style. Work in them everyday", "Because this pair of shoes is really ..a great shoe to wear...Highly recomended to buy this product, to my family it's very dificult to find nice and comfortable shoes due the place where we live....Many Thanks for give the pleasure to buy good productos on line .Pata", "Shoes fit perfectly and have a nice cleat.  I would recommend this shoe.  I had done my research before purchasing.  I am pleased with the product.", "I bought these for my girlfriend, and she says they have an excellent fit, and an excellent touch for the ball. She also really likes the bright colors!", "They broke in very well for her and fit just right.  Finding the leather shoes for less helps, they just wear better.", "A little bit small, should have bought half number bigger... Also they're somewhat hard in the beggining .. You should wear them a lot", "Lunarglide 4 rocksWould like to buy more of them with many different colors.Nike, please sell more color variety to use as walking shoes.", "I got these for my son for Christmas and he loves them. Got them at a very good price and extremely happy my son loves them.", "Best running shoes I've ever worn! I wish there were other colors available. Really glad I was able to find them on Amazon.", "Each year the LunarFly, as with nearly all running shoes, goes through something of a reinvention, originally known as the **'Nike - Run Avant'**  It's always, supposedly 'improved', by adding more bulk of some sort to it, of course to make it better.  I started with the original model, the Run Avant, and have kept with the line since, because, as a light weight runner, I didn't need an average shoe.  The shoe, over about five years, had evolved into a pretty average stability shoe, aiming for the center of the running market, I'd think--In fact, I couldn't tell much difference between it than the Lunar Glide.  But the entire reason I had started to wear the shoe was because it was lighter than average, more cushiony than average, yet was still responsive and comfortable enough to wear the marathon distance. And so with the prior hefty-rendition of the LunarFly I had decided that they 'improved' it too much, and was going to try something totally new, to get away from the averageness in all its characteristics.  Nike:  If I wanted a Lunar Glide I'd have bought a Lunar Glide.BUT THEN I searched the specs of the Lunarfly+4.  It was as light as the original **Run-Avant** model. The sole looked even more responsive.  I took a chance, ordered it while holding my breath, thinking, 'this is the last time I buy a lunarFly shoe!'.Turns out Nike has finally designed **my** perfect shoe.  It has all the qualities I originally enjoyed with the Run-Avant.  It's more cushiony than the other models of LunarFly, and surprisingly, thanks to the trimmed down sole, is more responsive, yet just as stable. AND, the shoe is now made with more breathable materials great for summertime running. For me, this is the perfect running shoe, and without a doubt the best of the LunarFly series.I suppose I will need to order more before Nike starts 'improving' the model again.. because it looks like any changes they make could only have an adverse affect.  I just hope they don't start bulking it back up, making it more average..I will be quick to switch models next time.", "It's a bit tight, but that's normal, they just have to be worn in. This pair is replacing another of the exact same shoe, the other ones wore out from wear-and-tear of over a year. These last awhile!", "Lightweight, cushioned, and supportive are the words I use when describing this shoe.  Great for 2-4 mile runs! Definitely a must buy!", "Took the Pimento Reds through a 1:45 minutes of Heavy Lifting combined with plyo's. Have to say one of the most comfortable shoes I've been in since Nike Free run4.&#34;La Maquinaria&#34; approves!", "Everyone loves this sneakers, there are very attractive many people ask me where did I get it, nevertheless when I bought it it where a little bit expensive, I went to Orlando and I saw similar models and even the same one cheaper", "These shoes are super comfy, and call attention to you wherever you are. If you wanna make a statement these are a perfect fit for you!", "This product was perfect, my teenage son loves them and he is not easy to please!  I've also heard him get several compliments on them.  Everyone thinks we paid a fortune for them but they were very decently priced!", "My son has been wearing these for about a month, and they look like they are ready for the trash. The trim at the front of the shoe is coming off, the fabric uppers stain easily, and the soles are already showing signs of wearing thin. I'd rate these as zero stars if I had the option. Shoes that come with this price tag should have some amount of durability...worst Nike product we have ever purchased.", "Once i saw these i had to get them! they ran out at nike.com and even though they were 20 dollars more expensive here, it was the only place i found it in. theyre super comftorable", "it nice  and soft on my feet  even  iwear it all day my is comfortable  thank you nike  for job well done", "This is the perfect shoe for anyone of any age. I picked these up and I am breathless. Although the box came In a little abused the shoes were fine. They provide a soft cushioned ride and are very comfy. I just recently had the Nike free 3.0v5 and those were a little better but for the price, it was with it. I got the frees for 110$ and these for 45$!!!!!! Great buy! Highly reccomend!", "I have purchased and used these shoes before. It is extremely comfortable and easy to break in.  It fits me well and is extremely sturdy.", "This is why I hate ordering off the Internet. The shoes contour lines are not stylish and the shoe is too small. I have had nikes all my life and I hardly ever had a problem. Now I'm going to have return these shoes. One more step that I don't want to do. But for anyone thinking of buying this shoe. The width and length are off.", "Came as described!Have run over 70 miles in these shoes and no problems. Very comfortable! Very lightweight, overall great running shoe!", "Rarely do I purchase the same shoe twice, but I really liked the style of the shoes and comfort they provided. Super light while still providing enough cushion. Plus they go well with jeans or shorts.", "re:  fit - I wear a 10-11 in women's shoes and am either an 8 or 8.5 in men's.  I take an 8.5 in these so I went ahead and indicated that they fit a wee small because they seem to be on the littler end of the range.These are my favorite shoes ever.  I am incredibly sad that Nike stopped making them.  I have serious ankle problems - my ankles are very loose, causing my feet to roll out (supinate) frequently.  Before these shoes it was a good week if I only turned an ankle twice.  I've been wearing my first pair for two years almost exclusively and during that time have turned an ankle only twice, both times while walking over lumpy tree roots.  I just bought my second pair to use as my first pair of running shoes - I never thought I'd be able to run with my stupid ankles, but with these I have confidence.", "I ordered and received a size 8 and it was snug. I ran in these a few times, still snug, I should have returned them. I love the weight and feel of these, I may get a larger size.", "I bought this shoe for my teenage son, he loves them! but I paid $100 bucks for these &#34;Nike's&#34; and after him wearing them for less than a day, the toes color is starting to wear or &#34; chip&#34;, if u will.....I've owned a lot of Nike's and never had this problem, to me they seem like a Chinatown knockoff.", "I have never worn shoes that I have been reluctant to take off. These are perfect. Whether you are running, walking or just wearing them casually, you will not be disappointed. As mentioned by others, do go ahead and get a half size bigger.", "I have walked all over campus in these shoes for about 3 days now, and I've got to say, they are the most comfortable shoes I've ever worn.  Great for if you're on your feet for long periods of time, have to do a lot of walking, or I guess if you run.  They're great.  My one complaint is that the paint appears it will come off easily.  I've scraped my foot against the side walk once and it has a cm long scratch along the black paint.  Get a half size up.", "I previously had issues with running on the way I stepped.  I feel as it leads you to step with the balls of your feet istead of relying on the heels which runners know it is the incorrect way of doing it.  I do feel that if I ever had to run on tarmac on a 95+ degree weather that I would feel the heat on my feet.  Aside from that, AWESOME!", "Perfect for walking, running, gym. I wear these all the the time and couldnt ask for better sneakers. Even with my flat feet it gives the arc support I need", "This shoe is very comfortable and light and has a nice air flow so your feet do not get to hot.Just Stay out of water and snow; not so good in the Snow Here In Colorado. lol.", "Excellent for my workout routine, very comfortable and feels great as I do my routines in the gym.  I like it.", "This was a birthday gift for my husband.  He has started to run more often and I decided he needed a better shoe for his 6'2&#34;-220lb frame.  They fit him perfectly and he loves how light they are.  He never had that breaking in period either.  He is usually a size 12 to 12 1/2 in a tennis shoe and I got the 12.  I would say these are great for the average runner (2-3 times a week).", "This shoe is specifically made for runners who need arch support. So it fits perfectly into my lifestyle as we do alot of physical training in the Army. The shoe is one of the most comfortable shoes that I've ever owned and I can literally walk around all day in them...Literally, i tried. I would definitely recommend this shoe to all who are a little flat-footed like myself. It is truly a great shoe.", "Not a bad buy but, they were too large for me. It's actually shoes for men so it didnt fit as I would have expected a female shoe of same size to fit. It wasn't indicated online if it was a men's shoe or women's shoe. Had to give it to my husband though,  its slightly tight for him. So he doesnt wear it often... almost a loss buying it cos not one of us is utilising it much.", "This one was specifically requested by my cousin in India. So I had to purchase and send it to him. Initially I wondered if the size would be fitting for him.. since I myself have few shoes with 11, 11.5 and 12 (varying brands, but all fitting perfectly). But once he tried it on, I got the update that the shoe was true to size and it fit him perfectly! He apparently loves the shoe and pretty wears it while on his sleep as well. At the rate he's wearing them, Im guessing he's gonna ask for another one in a few months :)", "Ran Chicago in these.  They are a lot more comfortable than the LE 2s.  A lot of room in the toe box. Blister free.", "These shoes fit perfectly and I love them!  I ended up ordering another pair in fear that I might not find my size in the future.", "Shoe offers an unusual combination of stability plus light weight and responsiveness.  Shoe is also comfortable  -  no break-in was needed.", "I've been running the Mizuno Wave Creation 13 and enjoy them thoroughly but wanted to take advantage of Nike+ gear to better track my progress. I bought these shoes and ran in them only once and regretted the purchase upon finish because my legs hurt so bad. When I purchased my Mizuno's, I never felt pain after running. I learned a vital lesson, purchase your shoes at a store or buy a pair you've already run and know are good.", "These are great showy shoes.  I fell in love with the bright volt color too late.  Now I'm scrambling to find more.  I use these shoes really just for walking around not running", "Have had these before and liked them. would buy again", "These are amazing shoes. So comfortable with good arch support. I had another pair and wore those out!  Love the blue and green color for spring.", "These have replaced them nicely.  The heel feels solid and secure but the toe box is nice and open.  Great running so far.", "Fit perfectly, especially for women with narrower feet and are very comfortable. I bought a second pair which I've never done before.", "I have ran in this model for five years and these are considerably more narrow.  I returned them.  There was no way I could train with these.  Very disappointed.", "Very comfortable running  shoes .Fits as all other Nike shoes fit . Good color . Good style .Love this shoes. I would recommend friends.", "They are the most comfortable shoes.  The color and fit are wonderful.  So glad I purchased them.  Nike you did a great job.", "I am 5 10  so I need a show that is a stablizier.  I have found Nike to be hands down to have the best stablizer sneakers in the business.  The arch is a perfect match and these sneakers hold up to abuse.", "The color is so vibrant! Very comfortable and supportive. Fits as all other Nikes shoes fit so your normal size will work", "Love these shoes I have a Gym outfit that matches perfectlyThey are very comfortable and are great whether I am running or doing Pump or Body Combat Classes", "Great for people who need extra cushion for the heal. Great for long runs, and helpful for runners who need arch support", "It is not only a great looking shoe, but very comfortable.( Walking on Air) Definitely worth the purchase. Normally I would never spend that much on a pair of shoes! But these my fellow shoppers are awesome.", "I am a walker and I work out quite a bit. I needed a good shoe with lots of support. I really love these shoes. They offer great support, and they held up well in the gym.", "Love these shoes! Their light weight, cute, & great to workout in! I wear them everyday I g to the gym, Nike is the best and I'm never disappointed", "I am a group fitness instructor and am hard on shoes.  I use these trainers for step class three times a week and they have held up very nicely, as well as being fasionable.  I definitely recommend them.", "Fits as expectedNike has reduced the support and cushion that is expected in the Air Max productthese shoes do not have the support to be able to run in them even though they are marketed as running shoesThe open mesh fabric of the upper allows air to flow in which makes this shoe too cold to wear in the winter.", "Needed new running shoes and bought these because my old Shox were hurting my heels. These are absolutely great they solved the problem and feel completely weightless on my feet!! The colors are exactly as shown absolutely beautiful, vibrant, and compliment my skin tone (olive skin) perfectly!!!!!", "the colors are great the fit is great just didn't like the bubble on the side of the inner of the sneaker but i must say there are so comfortable that's y i rated it a 4 star", "Was a gift for my significant other and she loved them and fit as her other ones did.  Came on time as expected as well.", "Worth every penny! This shoe is extremely comfortable and very stylish. I love running in these shoes. I would defiantly buy them again.", "Great fit and as expected for Nike.  Durable to date for running.", "Nike Women's Nike Air MAX 2013 Running Shoes are Amazing!I loving walking and running on these shoes! They are super comfortable and I love the color! It is a bit expensive, but worth every penny!", "I absolutely love this shoe.. It is true to size and has tons of support for your feet. I have tender, flat feet and this shoe feels amazing", "I was very disappointed in the shoe because of the fit.  The right shoe by the ankle was higher than the left shoe.  I feel that these were rejects or seconds.  This is a private party doing business out of his home , I was told by ups.  Never again will I order from private seller again.  I been burnt twice.  I had to send the shoes back at my cost $14.75.  I find this unacceptable!!!!!! Not to mentioned this is not my fault for the return.  Very UNHAPPY  :( .", "This shoe is very comfortable.  I usually wear an 8 to 8 1/2 .  I ordered a 9 in this shoe and it fits great.  I really like the looks of the shoe.", "Fits perfect, very comfortable shoes I would highly recommend them!  Great for running! I normally wear 8 and a half but I like a little extra room in my running shoes.", "I loved them!! They were very light weight and breathed nicely. I loved the colors. They matched almost all of my clothing.", "I love everything about these Shox! They are super cute, comfortable, and motivate me to workout!! :) A great product!", "I LOVE these Nike Shox.  As you know, they are hard to find these days and the color is GREAT.  The tongue of the shoe is made with some type of rubber and if I were rough on shoes or pulled too hard too many times, I think it would come apart.  They are not as well made as some of the Shox you get in the stores but good luck with that anyway.  They do hurt my feet after I've worn them all day.  But I love the color and am overall pleased with my purchase!! I got them in a timely manner as well.", "Though the sneakers are pretty and all that, I wish they came in a wider width. Maybe when there more broken in they'll feel more comfortable. My feet take a beating hit the gym floor maybe there not as sore.", "Sneakers WERE very comfortable. But one day as I was tightening the shoe, the lace ripped right through the lace \"eye-hole\" because, like the tongue of the shoe, it is made of a thin rubber material.  So disappointing to pay so much for shoes and then have them break. I re-laced the shoe to bypass the broken eye but its no longer comfortable. Will not spend that amount of money on a shoe again.", "The colors are awesome and the shoe fits nicely. I wear them for everyday or work, but they work well for running also.", "I really love the color and the shoe is really lightweight!this is a great shoe if you are looking for arch support.", "I love Nike shoes. I use them for running and for working. These are a great fit and I love the colors.", "Good for training that i Ever used.  And totally dry tech for a better performance.  Thanks nike to do our life easy.", "Very good shoe. Just what I expected. Is soft. Much comfort. Good colors. I recommend the seller. He is responsible. Covered expectations", "Daughter loves these; she has the older model of these. Only thing she would like different is a black set of laces; she doesn't like the purple! Nicely made, feel great for walking.", "I wore these shoes quite a bit on a recent vacation and got lots of compliments on them.  I was surprised since I usually don't get compliments on my running shoes.  I tend to wear these shoes more for daily use than actual jogging, but they are okay to jog in when I need to use them for that.", "I am a Nike fan, so I love the shoe.  It looks very stylish and accents the outfits that I where it with.  It is not as comfortable, as I thought it would be though.  I just started wearing them, so the comfort level will probably come soon. But", "todo bien.... gracias llego muy rapido  de muy buena calidad. . . . . . . . . . .excelente", "I'm a RN & on my feet all day. These shoes are lightweight & provide lots of support. I would highly recommend a pair.", "Nike never disappoints me. Great shoe for running, cardio machines, weight lifting & biking. love the unique colors & light weight.", "This is a very comfortable shoe for running.  If you like Nike brand, you can't go wrong.  It fits just as I expected it to.", "SO COMFY, RUNNING WITH THE NIKE DUAL SNEEK IS AMAZING AND I DONT HAVE ANY WEAR ON MY FEET WHILE USING THEM.THANKS A LOT", "cumple con la calidad ofrecidaexactamente igual como se ve en las fotoscomodidadllego a tiemposin ningun inconvenientemeets the quality offeredexactly the same as seen in the photoscomfortarrive on timewithout any inconvenience", "lovvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvve my new  Nike's... the fit is true to size... I ware size 7m... the color I chose is great!!!! Thinking of purchaseing another pair in different color.", "I love love these shoes. The color was perfect the fit was perfect the look was perfect truly love these shoes. They are so comfortable and have received so many comments.", "I recommend these for running. I have flat, wide feet and they fit comfortably and so far are great for running on sidewalks and trails. Nice and stylish, too!", "Great looking shoe!  Comfortable although it felt slightly large. I'm typically an 8/8.5 women's, but Nike tends to run small so I was a little surprised. All in all, VERY happy with the sneaker. Love Nike", "I bought this sneakers for my wife and she is very happy with them, the color is nice and they are very soft.", "These shoes work great for my nearly-daily 3-mile walks on virtually every terrain, but they have great support for regular walking or long days of standing.  I have worn earlier versions to all-day amusement park marathons.  I have a short heel and these are great!", "Great fit for me and I do like the colors on this pair with the gray and yellow trim.  Goes with anything.  I haven't tried cleaning them yet, but I do use protective spray on he fabric.  Comfortable for fast walking.", "This shoe works well for a person with a wide toe bed.  It is good for Gym Class. The price was right too!", "You can't go wrong with Nike and they will have something for everyone. Their prices can be higher then most other competitors, but their quality is just that much better and worth the extra money for something that will last longer. Excellent customer service and customer satisfaction!", "I had a problem finding wide sneakers.....I am a 8 Wide.....MY foot is wide...NOT my toe bed....Well they are NOT wide and they hurt my feet..they look pretty but too tight....NOT happy", "Very good quality and fit. These were a Christmas gift for my granddaughter. She's very athletic and only wears Nike for her running shoes and workouts.", "I liked the look of these shoes and ordered them in my usual 7.5 wide but when I received them they were way too large.  I'm an Amazon prime member but this seller charge shipping to me and I had to pay to return them.  Still waiting on my refund.  Won't make that mistake again.  (I ended up buying the right size and fit locally at a running store where I should have gone to in the first place.)", "I know from experience that my 7.5-8 size foot is usually a 8.5 in nikes and this pair is no different. Not only are they ADORABLE!!!!! but they're beyond comfortable and yet still supportive. Can't go wrong with this shoe!", "I'm a huge Nike fan, and these are by far the most comfy, best fitting shoes I have ever purchased!  I highly reccomend these to anyone! My feet feel amazing when I work out in them. I have no arch in my feet and these offer incredible support!", "My daughter and I love these shoes. They are light weight, and we can walk in them for hours. Running is not a problem either. Great fit.", "thought it was royal blue on line but in purple but a really nice shoe. it came in a reasonable time", "Love it, nice shoes I bought a litter bigger of my size, I know Nike runs small. I use 7.5 and I git 8 and fit perfect. Love the color.", "This is a really great shoe. Great grip and snug fit, just what i was looking for! Very well made, Thank you", "I have owned this shoe in three different trim colors -- purple, neon yellow, and neon orange. I love the pop of color that goes with the overall neutral so the shoe is fun without being gaudy. I wore this shoe for a year, during which time I trained for several races, including a half marathon. I just loved how lightweight and comfortable it was. But then I started experiencing problems with my foot. My foot (just the left one) actually grew in size so I could not longer wear my shoe comfortably, and my arch was painful. I finally went to a specialty running store, where they told me these Nikes are essentially glorified fashion shoes without the proper support. I bought a pair of Brooks and my foot problems cleared up (though they didn't shrink back!). So, I loved these shoes, but not for lots of training!!", "As far as comfort, you couldn't go with a better shoe. The product has great arch support which really makes a difference. Not to mention the colors and design that look great!", "I run and also do crossfit everyday. These shoes are comfy, light weight, and are perfect for walking, running, crossfit, or anything that you  want to do. They are perfect!", "I saw similar shoes on the US OPEN Tennis, and thought they looked great so I ordered them. They fit great, feel great, and I love the compliments .", "Just as shown in the picture, very nice running shoes they feel really comfortable. i recommend it for sure. n", "The shoe colors were as bright as I hoped. They fit just fine!  I am very satisfied with the purchase.", "I really like these shoes because they have the support I needed for running, but they're a little bulky. Definitely need to invest in some shoes that are lighter on the feet, but overall good fit.", "the product is what I expected, I recommend it to anyone who likes comfortable shoes, sports and fashion. With affordable price", "love the colors the purple and blue they r like u are walking on a cloud don't even know u have them on", "I had a pair of Downshifter style Nikes before and I really liked them--I nearly wore them out!  So when I found this pair in black, purple, and turquoise, I snapped them up!  I wore these on vacation in San Deigo with lots of walking, and the shoes didn't hurt my feet at all.", "I ordered this running shoe for working out it was a great price I have not worn it yet so I am not sure how it will perform for me .", "I love the looks of these shoes and they are very comfortable, my complaint is they are billed at $59.00 but the box says suggested retail price: $55.00.  I am disappointed because I always save when I order on Amazon so feel a little deceived this time.  I will watch more carefully on future orders.  Terri", "I usually wear a 10, however while exercising I've noticed that my toes seemed to jam at the tip of my shoe.  Ordered this sneaker in a 10.5 and love the extra room.  Love the color combo.  Would order same shoe in a different color.", "GOod quality shoes and very stylish. Perfect for girls . Its nike you cant go wrong with it. Good purchase", "LOS ZAPATOS DEPORTIVOS LLEGARON RAPIDO Y EN BUEN, ME GUSTO LA ATENCION Y COMPRA A TRAVEZ DE LA GIFT CARD ES BUENISIMO", "I AM CURRENTLY DEPLOYED AND NEEDED SOME SNEAKERS. THESE SHOES ARE VERY COMFORTABLE FOR PEOPLE WHO RUN ON THEIR TOES. THEY CAME WAY BEFORE THE PROJECTED DAY!", "Got these for my younger daughter. they fit true to size and since she recently started running this shoe has worked out well. Good price and arrived on time.", "I love these shoes! I got them because I am in the military and I needed a good running shoe. They are lightweight but support my whole foot. They are so comfortable and stylish. I definitely suggest these to any runner! Plus they shipped fast.", "I'm looking for long time some shoes that i feel perfect to run. And finally I find it. This pair of running shoes are perfect for it, also good price! Fast shipping :)", "my favourite shoes...i love these neon colors nike has.. very fashionable and very comfy.. price is very convenient as well:)", "I like Nike shoes and these fit well and are comfortable.  They are true to size and I would recommend them.", "This shoe looks great, but for me it's too small and narrow. I wear a true size 10 and usually can order running shoes online with no problems...until now.", "I started running regularly and wanted shoes which fit like my skin. These are very comfortable and keep my feet dry.These are not very expensive either. I love them!!", "They fit just right and relieves my back and thigh's aches & pains, very glad to find them. they look good too.", "Light and comfortable with great cushion and support. I play once to twice a week and these are all I get, air max 360.", "I bought this shoes in 10.5 US size and I thought the price was very good, the shoes arrive on time however the box was all torn up and I was wondering if the shoes was damaged as well, I found out that the shoes was in good condition however it has a very little signs of  use, so that's the reason I'm giving them just 3 stars because the lack of description.", "Perfect shoe to wear all day. Nice and light. Fits perfectly. I took a chance in buying over the internet, but was very surprised at how well they fit.", "did not fulfill my expectations. turned out very small and not like me or the material it is made or internal protection. the give away without using them. I disappoint me", "they are small but can break them in or wear without socks. I would still recommend because they are a good product", "The shoes are very light weighted but sturdy enough for intense workout. Has Stylish design. Nice price for the well made shoes.", "I really like this exact year model of this shoe. These are my favorite Nike shoes, and I have many. Amazon was the only place I could find the colors and availability I really wanted. I will probably order a couple more pairs before they become completely obsolete.", "Came on time, fits and was a good price, met all of my expectations. Ran 5 miles in them the other day and they are good sneakers", "I like these shoes but I tried them out for a run and they were smaller than expected. I am a size 12 and that's what I I received but if your a runner you need to get a size higher. didn't think I could turn these in so I kept them for walking.These are good shoes.", "perfect, good looking, pure black...just my style!!! great running partner...confortable as a glove!!! flexibility is perfect for me!! i reecomend it!", "Very comfortable.  Very Good price. I would reccomend to anyone.  Also, I got quite a lot of compliments on them.", "These are my first Nike shoes.  The size is off by 1/2, something my friends told me after I bought the shoes.  They said all Nikes are on the small side.  The shoestrings were so short I couldn't tie them without a lot of dificulty so I had to unlace them from the top holes.  Really?  They save money by putting shorter shoe strings in their shoes?", "it is very good product. i recommended to buy it. it is relay as describe . i am very happy to buy it.", "compra inmediata y el producto en excelente estadoLos zapatos se ven mejor que en la foto. ^_^  ok good", "Great Price, Delivery was quick even to Alaska. The shoe fit just right. This is the second pair of this type & brand my son has purchased, they are comfortable and durable.", "I bought these shoes for my husband because he is in the police academy. He says they are super comfortable. The flexible soles gift a more natural movement of the foot. He was able to run further faster.", "I have two pair of Retaliates that are beginning to show too much wear, so I was very glad to see a replacement model become available. The fit and comfort are very much like the original. They feel broken in after an hour or so of wear. I'm very happy with this purchase and expect to get as much or more enjoyment out of them as I did the originals.", "Shoe is a little tight but overall I think it is great for the price I paid for it.  Thanks", "They was to small would like them alil better but it's ok I guess my son 1st pair of the nike Air Force he loves them just a half size to small", "This is my first pair of Cortez shows and they're awesome. Comfortable fit and tons of padding on the feet. They're actually running shoes, but for me they are my &#34;summer time low top&#34; shoes. Look great with Dickies shorts. Essential for any cholo style, if you're into that.", "It looks slightly less attractive than it does on the site. In person it looks more like a skateboarder's shoe, and it is just kind of big and clunky.", "These shoes are comfortable and they're pretty much my new go-to shoes. I feel disappointed when I have to wear different shoes. I plan on buying at least 2 more pairs in different colorways.", "i help my colleague to buy this shose, and it seems he likes it, and it seems he is satisfied", "It was an awkward fit, slim fit sorta of like their air max line. Slim cut. Great style, its be cool if they had wider options and and a black/white/gray option rather than denim.", "I owned a pair of blue nylon Nike Cortez in 1981 that I loved.  These look and feel and are constructed just as good, if not better, than the originals.  Go for them!", "Really confortable and looks very nice. it's feel good with the movement. I bought in red and grey, fully recommended.", "I wore them I really love them they are very comfortable and they look nice! very classic looking, and they shipped it pretty fast I really enjoy this product.", "I got a size 9 and they feel a little big, a 8.5 would have been a perfect fit, but they're still stupid dumb fresh!!!!!!!! LOVE EM!!", "he made sure the package was delivered personally and the product was what he described but they were listed as size 13 and are size 13 but the box and label inside the shoes list them as 11.5 and I do not know if they were made like this accidentally because they seem real and I collect jordans but I am a little aggravated because I overpaid for screwed up shoes so that is my only complaint", "The feel and the style of the shoes made all my friends so jealous they cant wait to get theres", "please keep 14 for me ill be ordering from you alot", "These Retro 6 shoes are what I expected. Yeah I might have paid a bit more than they were worth but it was worth the money. The packaging and the shoe came in quick as promised and everything was tip top shape, no scratches no scuffs no fake material, etc. Definitely a pair to cop in 2014, Thanks SCHOOP!", "its was perfect  !!! everything fit like i thought it would . I'll definitely be back in a minute .", "Well I received my shoes like last week and I just wore them now. I examined them and they are authentic. They feel great I would highly recommend.", "I recieved my shoes in perfect condition and they look great on my feet. The shoes are extremely comfortable. Money well spent.", "these are 100% fake, to start of the color is supposed  to be navy blue not black, enough said, so those of you who paid $300-$400 for fakes, that sucks! get your money back, because you could have used$300-$400 for something better...", "Well, to start off i didn't buy these shoes from amazon i got them at a different store. The shoes are comfy and good looking they look great on both jeans and shorts, they are well made and diffenetly worth the price even though the materials used now days are worse than back then xD.", "These shoes were perfect fit and were exactly how it was describe thanks a lot for the shoes I love it", "i thought they looked awesome  and I loved them!!! made a great present for my nephew and he was estatic....thanks a bunch!", "Copped these in high anticipation from the availability in my shoe size! Shoe looks good all around, but my J's not so perfect. Just a little ticked from the clear sole part of the shoe that is supposed to look clear, and not crack yellow! Not so bad, but shows.", "As a college athlete, a good pair of flip flops is essential. These ones are great because they're durable, comfortable, and don't absorb water. Would recommend these to anyone!", "I bought these shoes and they broke the first time my son wore them. The side of the flip flop came apart from the sole of the shoe after examining the shoes closer I find the glue is brittle.", "This was bought as a Christmas gift. The recipient was very happy that he got them and showed every one watching he was happy", "This Nike slider \"looks like a girls shoe\", says my husband for whom I purchased them for.  Also they run small.  A size 10 in another style I also purchased fit fine, whereas this style in a size 10 was too small by about a half to a full size.", "fit as expected", "My son loved them.  They fit true to size and are very comfortable.  Great color!", "Unexpected cheap looking for nike, but my fianc&eacute; loves how the color, style, and fit. He wears a 10, but had to get a 11.", "Opener:I'm a Nike brand guy through and through./endI never expected to come across these sandals in foresight. My previous pair were Reef brand; they lasted me a good year or two of constant use and abuse, before the thong head came out (between big and index toes).Being a big sandal guy (thong only), I have to buy a pair that are aesthetic, comfortable, and durable.At the time, I was unaware that Nike produced the thong style; I decided that my next pair will be Nike at that moment, with these Celso Motion's being my favorite.They came in the next day with a $3.99 shipping fee, only for the next day option with Prime; I was very pleased.I noticed that the thong fabric on the right sandal loosened a tiny bit, but enough to screw with your head as you are walking. Everyday it seems like it is slowly getting worse, and I fear this pair will not even get close to lasting a year.What is not as annoying as a loose thong sandal, though very disappointing, is something aesthetically wrong with a Nike product. The red that most likely attracted everyone here, is already wearing away in the spots I must rest my weight upon. I think this is unacceptable from authentic Nike merchandise, which is why I'm not very satisfied.I thought these Celso Motion sandals were going to be the ying to my yang (turqouise/orange Free 3's). We'll see how this story plays out; I'm just not very satisfied, nor &#34;feel good&#34; with this purchase.6.5/10 or 7/10", "They are very nice shoes. However, we would like to return them and do not know the process.  Carl stated he did not like the thong coming up between his toes.  They are very uncomfortable and he would like something that does not come between the toes, but just crosses over the toes.  Can you help me with this?", "Would do it again when needed.  It was so easy to buy them online. My son waited daily for them to come.", "Very satisfied especially since all the ones I found in store were those single toe shoes..not for me..but these are comfy,Stylish and of course up to standard like the rest of Nike products..", "These shoes are comfortable, but they are not very sturdy for everyday workouts. I ran through a pair in less than two months, and only wore them for an hour or two each day.", "Soft, comfortable  and stylish I love them, I will buy more colors soon but I;m hoping the earth shoes are more comfy@@@......", "Very nice shoe, Love the color and feels great. Very good product for the price. Well buy again. Best Buy", "I work from home part time and I have a stand up desk (that also slides down when I want to sit) so I was looking for comfortable slippers that would keep my feet comfortable whenever I would slide my desk to work standing up, and so I got these. After a month of having these, I'm giving it 4 stars because after perhaps 45 mins of standing working, I do feel a slight pain in my feet, perhaps my feet is still getting use to it and recooperating from the cheap dollar store looking slippers I was wearing for over a year working standing up. But overall, these slippers are so cute! The color is more lavender than purple, and I wear them all the time when I'm at home, including when I clean. The only time I experience the slight pain is when I'm working standing still for more than 45 mins. Good thing I read some of the reviews before purchasing because as other's have mention about the size, you definitely have to go up one size. For ex. I'm an 8, so I ordered a 9 and it fit perfectly.", "I ordered two pair for my mom and I.  We both love them!  They are very comfortable and fit us well!  Some of the best flip flops we've had!", "I just love the fit and comfort of these shoes.  They are great to take a walk in in the summer.  I did have to order a size up from my usual size, but not a big deal to me since I already knew this.Give them a try, you'll love them.", "I normally wear a size 9.5 so I got a 10 in these and they fit perfectly! It's like walking on pillows and after a long day at work I look forward to wearing them around the house while I cook, clean, etc. I'll definitely be buying more colors.", "This is my third pair of these in 4 years and I love them. They are crazy comfortable and the best &#34;around the house&#34;  shoe for me.", "I think the title probably says it all. These are fantastic. They're like having little gels on your feet at all times. The color is absolutely great too. It's dark enough that it hides stains if there are any but light enough so that it looks really pretty, especially now that it's approaching summer. I bought these - my second pair - to wear when I'm in the house to try to get 10,000 steps a day, and these are incredibly easy on your feet.Now, Nike, can you please work on making these in heel form? :) Pretty please?", "These are incredibly comfortable and I've been wearing them non stop Sincepurchasing them. The purple is really shiny, I wasn't expecting that. But they look great and are crazy comfy!", "I bought these because I love wearing flip flops in the summer , but my feet need a bit more support. I bought these just to try it and I am glad I did... I can wear my flip flops and my feet stay happy.", "The only thing I feel is a bit of stiffness in the sturdy base, but I am sure that stiffness will ease with wearing. I bought a pair for my daughter at the same time I bought the pair for myself. daughter is very happy with them. She said it was a &#34;cloud walk&#34;. :-)", "Very comfortable, easy to walk in and as in all Nike products durable and long lasting!! Would buy again for sure...", "As a thong this is the most comfort thong that I ever had and beautiful colour. What else do you want?", "These thongs are so comfortable. And they are cute! Unfortunately, they only last one season. But it's a season with comfy feet.", "Just like it show on the picture, Love the color and cushiony feel when walking. Strongly recommend they are just perfect.", "i'm a US size 9 and i realised that with nile products 8 fits excellent. so u may want to try a smaller size. i bought an 8, and it fits perfect.", "These shoes seem a bit on the cheap side the materials that is. Nice fit and look good otherwise", "I too have had the same problem. They fit and are comfortable but after walking just a short distance my feet had slid half way out of these. Very dissapointed", "I bought a pair of these sandals last year. They fit true to size and they are very comfortable. Just wish they were a little less expensive. I'm thinking about getting another pair for this summer.", "Horrible worst shoes ever! They look comfortable in the picture I thought they will be a great alternative to flip flips. But the problem is that I can't even walk in them without losing the shoe while I walk, they just slide off. No use for these shoes. Worst ever!", "I felt that the shoe was true to size but when I walked in them my foot would slide backwards. I ended up returning them.", "I fell in love with these at a local store, went online and purchased them for WAY less than what was asked at the store.  I think they are adorable, very cushioned, very comfortable and I get compliments on them all the time.  I own probably 15 pairs of Nike Celso Thongs, which are the most comfortable flip flop ever made, so I was excited to see a \"non\" thong flip flop.  The reason I did not give these 5 stars is because when I am wearing them and walking in them, they come OFF my feet, they slide forward or my feet slide backward, however it happens it is very annoying and I wouldn't wear these if I had to do anything but stand or sit.  Unfortunately these are not what I had hoped for and I'm disappointed.  Very glad I did not pay retail or even close to retail for them.", "This flip flop is so comfortable. Usually the first outing in flip flops results in pain between your toes, not these. They are very, very comfortable. I will be ordering more in various colors.", "They're ok, but I would not buy them again or recommend them to a friend.", "Good since permission to seeing for his brand nike is one of the best sandal that and had as his comfort when his adjustment travels to the pies his lengths perfect and his too good confor", "Nice looking only problem I have is my foot wants to slide out when I am wearing them.  Sizing is good.", "I love these sandals - I could no longer wear the cheap plastic ones as they hurt my feet - these work great", "comfort and quality were just as I expected fronm nike. I love these shoes and would recommend to any one", "Nice color, different, and a very good fit....These go with a variety of outfits and are comfortable with or without socks.  How can you fail with Nike.", "Fast service..'Christmas present for my son, and he loved them. They are exactly the same as the description on sellers page.", "Very nice shoe. Color of the shoe and shoelace blend well together. Very Comfortable is as expected for a Nike product. Will keep buying Nike as long as style keeps moving forward.", "Great thank you", "This is the most comfortable shoe for running I have ever had.  I tried the 2013 Air Max, and the shoe didn't work for me in the width. This is a hard shoe to find for my size, 11.5.", "My son loves it, I am so happy that I got it for him, he uses it most of the time,even times that he doesn't play Basketball :)", "My son loves the fit of the shoe, as he has rather narrow feet, but a large shoe size.He tried the sizing of the shoe locally at an athletic outlet. Then purchased on Amazon.We were very happy with the quality of the shoe for the price. Good find!", "Size wasn't the issue. These shoes don't have the support inside to protect your feet. It felt like hard plastic covering my feet.", "Very confortable.  Good product. Good price  and beautiful.  Good cuality really , good to play basketballl,Really cute. The best ones.", "Love these shoes, very light and fits around the shoes appropriately. I can jump higher and feel my ankles are supported. They look as close as possible to the 2015 Marty McFly's but they don't cost your life savings to purchase. I'll update this post once I find out how the wear and tear is.", "good pair of shoes... like!!great grip, real light, and nice look.good for indoors and outdoors.only thing cushioning a little hard", "This shoes are great, the only problem that I have is somehow the shoes mess with my little toes when I play for a while. They have a  great grip. other that the little issue that I have I love them.", "Ive had these for about 2 months now and they are very good quality. They took forever to break in, and I play a lot, but other than that they are a nice pair of bball sneakers.Very comfy and supportive", "Best Basketball Shoes ever! Great for its price and really comptrable.Good as those shoes that are for $200.00They are awesome...", "Started working out again and these shoes are great. I need more support in the toe area these shoes fit the bill.", "Thank you very much for a great product,the color is fantastic,the material strong and durable.not for outdoor court,indoor,will be great.", "I am very happy with this shoesIts a great itemI dont have any problem with this orderWell done", "I'm 26, and still playing a lot of ball. perfect for something light weight that supports the ankle! Highly recommend for any competitive recreational players out there", "Thanks soo much! I REceive my item and everything is ok. When I will visit miami again I will buy other product by amazonRegards.", "It is a good one  if I could have enough money I will study more English and come back and typing", "Because of the high heel, the shoes fit a little loose. But it is a lightweight shoe, and looks great. It has a durable outsole, and has good traction.", "These are comfortable shoes. It's starting to get warmer here in Dallas. So these are perfect (unless you're a surfer can't wear sandals every day). One thing I noticed is I didn't have to break them in. They felt great from the 1st time I wore them, and are really lite. Highly recommended can't go wrong with white & black in the summer matches everything!", "Really love these shoes, fit great! Very comfortable! Look great on and off the court, great for tenis play and also for wearing with jeans", "Great support and even better than I expected! I never thought they would become my favorite tennis shoe but they took first place instantly!", "Since I bought them I have played two times on hard courts and I do not have any complaints; they are very comfortable. I have not tested them on clay yet, but I presume that they will work fine as well. Besides the technicalities, they look awesome.", "Arrived as expected and are according to description.  Great to do business with.  Very comfortable and able to wear all day.", "I gave this 3 stars because A. They run large. I'm usually a size 10, but I think I would have been much better off with a 9 or 9.5. B.The color on the photo dosnt reflect the actual color. I figured it to be like a little brighter then a bubblegum pink, but there more like a neon pink.Otherwise, they are breathable and quite the interesting sneaker.", "Was so excited to order a great court shoe, noted as \"top tennis gear for women.\"  Very disappointed in this expensive purchase.  It's 1/2 size bigger than should be.  They are bulky and stiff.  I even \"stumble\" over these shoes alot on the court.  Very disappointed.  Still looking for a good shoe!", "They make look similar but I found this newer model to be heavy, stiff and hard.  Nothing like my Air Max Breathe Free II.  After returning the first pair for a larger size (not true sizing either) I put the on shoes to test them out in a game of tennis.  But between walking from the car to the tennis court I had to remove them and put on my old pair of Breathe Free II.  The old model had a lighter feel, was definitely softer and  more flexible and even the heel bed feels like it has more cushion..  I don't know what I will replace my other shoes with but it sure won't be this model.  Sooooo disappointed..", "these are the best,most comfortable and great looking shoes that I have ever bought,I will be purchasing some more in different colors,Like walking on a cloud,Sherry", "They fit as expected and I had no problems. They are nice shoes and feel good. I believe these will last longer then my last pair.", "I love this shoes. It actually looks better in person than in the picture. They feel real comfortable. I wear them just . About everyday.", "These sneakers are great for the gym, when doing your own thing. I would recommend more support for a cardio class or a run.", "This is one of the best trainers I have had. The shoe is light but supportive. I purchashed them for circuit/interval training and they work out fine.", "Very cute but runs a bit small you should order half size up. I kept the regular size I order but they are a bit snug. I use them for training and sometime tennis, very comfortable my second pair of this style.", "I needed an airy show that did not contain a lot of leather and would allow my foot to breath.  They are soft and comfortable and very good for hot days.  The insole could use more arch but I can buy innersoles.  They are light weight and airy.", "said Blk but when I received they were actually plum without turquoise shoelaces,  Not to worry, my daughter liked them anyway but then they ran small", "Is this picture just a basic picture, or is the product actually purple? I have the black pair already and I do not want to order another pair. Could you please clarify this with me, purple or black, before I purchase them?", "I have never seen anything like these shoes. The tongue of the shoe is part of an elastic band that wraps around the foot all the way down to the toe. They feel snug in a good way, like your foot is actually wrapped for support. And they look great!", "I love these shoes! I have only seen them in one store in Palo Alto CA. They are very unique, no other stores have them. I get a lot of compliments because of the ombre color. The only thing is that it fits a little snug when you first put them on. They aren't made of fabric on the exterior of the shoe. They are made of some type of plastic rather than fabric. But (just like any other shoe), after a while of wearing them, they eventually break in and feel less tight.", "I simply love these shoes. Everything about them, how they fit, how they feel and how they look! Im completely in love. They also arrive much faster than expected. Highly recommend these.", "This was a gift, the recipient loved them. The color was spot on as was the fit and size. Very comfortable.", "Buy this for mis sister, i see she running or go to the gym whit this everyday. Looks nice and the price is not a problem(I pay 50 bucks) She is happy and me too. This is my favorite website to shop for sporting goods. Thanks Amazon definitely will return to buy again.!!!!", "These sneakers are great for dance-Zumba, plenty of toe room and light weight for excellent movement.  The price was cheaper than that offered by Macy's.", "I bought these for my wife. I usually try to stay as far from women's shoes as I can. Although I'm great at standing around holding bags, pocket books and everything else during a shopping spree, all thanks to Amazon. You made this trip fun.", "Snug fit, which I like because I am a runner and cycler. Very comfortable when I wear it for long hours at school. The style is very cute. The tongue of the shoe is extremely thin, almost like thin foam, but doesn't seem like it would rip or anything unless my 5 year old took a pair of scissors to them!!", "I have somewhat narrow feet but even this is a little bit too narrow for wearing very often.  The thumb on the shoes is very flimsy but allows for a cool temperature.  The shell is very washable but I wasn't expecting the extreme synthetic materials.", "I bought his for my mom who walks every day and need a comfy stable shoe. She likes it from both appearance and comfort stand points. For moderate walker (perhaps 6 km every day) it definitely serves the purpose. Amazon price and size selection was also a plus. Over all good choice.", "there were nice sneakers but they run a little to small in the front very  narrow,  colors are great didn't want to get the next size cause i have wide fronts and knew that the next size wouldn't fit", "I love Nike shoes, fits like a glove.  I go walking in them and also Zumba class.Everyone tells me they are nice shoes and where do is buy them.  This is my secondpair of Nike shoes, the other one is Green and Gray to match my work out outfit.Love NikeVeronica", "THESE ARE THE GREATEST SNEAKERS I HAVE EVER HAD...THEY FIT WELL, THEY LOOK GREAT ALSO. I JUST LOVE THEM. WILL REORDER SOON", "Just purchased these at a Sport Authority store for $59.99.  The posted price here is way over inflated.  The shoe has great lateral support and movement and is true to size.  My previous shoe was week in the lateral,support so I am very happy with these.  No break in period required either.", "The shoes is well made. The colour is perfect. It is very comfortable and well made. The price is just right.", "Sizing chart provided on website was NOT accurate....I measured my daughter's foot which indicated a size 7.Also, I am not very happy about having to pay for the cost of returning this item. I purchase a lot of items online and am usually provided with a return label.", "THEY ARE SUPER COMFORTABLE AND LOOK PRETTY MUCH LIKE THE PIC. DEF WORTH THE PURCHASE. AND THEY ACTUALLY FIT WELL", "I'm not usually one to buy something so bright and in your face but it was recommended to me and I have since enjoyed the cheerfulness of its color.  It also fits well once I figured out the correct size to buy.", "i was not too convinced when ordering them, but in reality they look great. they're very light and very comfortable, perfect fit.", "The shoes are comfortable and they fit great. There is a little extra width in the toe area, which is great for me. My toes sometimes get numb when I work out, so having that little extra room in the toes is helpful. I like the colors, because they aren't flashy like some other shoes that I've seen. The yellow laces and swoosh are much brighter than pictured though. The color reminds me of a highlighter.", "I chose this rating because I am a Nike fanatic, have never been disappointed at Nike.The colors are awesome, styles are great, Nike will for ever be my favorite.Very comfortable and sexy.Judi", "Not only is green my favorite, but the shoe is very comfortable and a good shoe to workout in! Buy it and see!", "These started to come apart the 2nd day I wore them. The bottom of the shoe is coming away from the rest of it. They're comfortable otherwise, and came on time.", "love the shoe and the color but it is really tight at the end of the laces before the toes. Still trying to break them in - still prefer my nike free trainer over these.", "I really like these shoes they are comfy and they don't suffocate your feet like some shoes do. I REALLY LIKE THEM!", "In case you didn't notice, it's extremely hard to find women's cross trainers. I use these for Insanity workouts and they have plenty of lateral support. The insole doesn't come out because it's made of some sort of gel/memory foam. It took some getting used to at first. When I first put them on they were tight and then after wearing them awhile they loosened up. My only complaint, and the reason I didn't give them 5 stars is because on the insole there is some sort of seam that goes across the ball of my foot and if I wear the shoes all day it starts to bother me. They are true to size. The color is a lavender is is very cute. I get lots of compliments when I wear them. Overall, good cross trainer and I would recommend them.", "I bought these for a friend and while she did not know that the shoes were coming, she liked the shoes that I got her. The only reason I only gave it three stars and not five, is because the shoe colors depicted in the picture are different than the ones that actually came on the shoe......the Nike Swoosh and the interior of the shoe are yellow...? This is not a problem for me because she didn't expect the shoes.....but If I was going to buy shoes for myself.....and I liked the colors, I would expect to receive the shoes that I saw and liked that made me order the shoes in the first place. So I probably won't be ordering shoes online for myself.....unless it is at Footlocker or another known shoes store....just my personal preference now that this has occurred. Thank you for your time.", "If you want a flexible, comfortable shoe, I would definitely recommend these! I love how they feel. They're like slippers!", "These cute shoes hug your feet with super flexible cushioning all around... at first, but after about 3 seconds, your feet sink through the gel in the insole, then you're feet are basically on the hard ground.  I wanted to love them, but I could not work out in them.  I got horrible sharp pains in the soles of my feet after a few jumping jacks.  If you can afford to buy these just for use as house slippers or for running errands, you might love them, but they are not suitable for any high impact activity or for standing in place for more than a few minutes. My feet got numb and tingly after standing in my kitchen for half an hour. Also, because the upper is so cushy, they are rather warm.", "awesome shoe. awesome company. they start to stink pretty soon but i wear mines like everyday and they are comfy and i love them. i am a very active adult and these fit my lifestyle.", "Snug fit, very comfortable, extremely light, you almost feel like your bouncing when you run with these shoes, well worth the price", "Ordered the sneakers after I misplaced my original pair during a move over the summer. Had this style in a gray/turquois color combination and was thrilled that there were more color choices. The purple/turquois combination was beautiful and coordinated well with all my workout gear! Read many online reviews that this sneaker ran small, which I found to be true because I tried on the same style in different colors and they all fit differently. So, I order a 1/2 size up from what I would normally wear, and was disappointed that it was too large. The memory foam cushion insert didn't feel as comfortable as well and I ended up shipping them back to seller.", "my husband loved these shoes very easy to clean he said they are very comfy color goes with everything great shoes", "Style is nice but protection is bare bones.  Lesson - try it on before buying on the web.  I can walk in these but they are not for running.", "Comfy shoes, great for the gym. No fear of rolling an ankle or slipping in these. Added an insole for a little extra arch support but I have really high arches so that was expected.", "They fit perfect I want some more in some different colors  they are really comfortable can wear them all day", "Simple online order...nice looking sneaker.  Can't go wrong with at nike a a a a a a a a a", "The shoe lace eye lite broke the first time I wore the shoe. I would not recommend this product to anyone", "These shoes are great looking, but within a week have holes and are discolored.  I do not recommend these at all.", "An excellent shoe it fits as expected, light wight and very comfortable on foot.", "fits great, comfortable and durable. would definitely buy again, would love to see in other colors too. Amazon shipping is always on time, i work long hours and never have the time to go from store to store to purchase things i need or want", "My son got these for Christmas and he loved them.  He can be difficult to find shoes for too.  Quality product and quick shipping!", "I bought these for my husband. He usually wears a 9 1/2, though in some Nikes he's a 10. I ordered a 9.5 and they fit perfectly - true to size.The design is cool, never seen that pixelated pattern on a shoe before and the hubs loves...They are normal good quality fit and quality of Nike, the only reason I deducted a star was the colors. We ordered the Anthracite/Flash Lime/Cool Grey/Black which doesn't mean much as they are only showing 2 different style of colors. The shoe was predominately light grey with highlighter green highlights on the base of the shoe where it shows white in the pictures and also on the lace holes. It's pretty bright,  might be a bit much for some people just fyi.Otherwise happy with our purchase!", "Very nice looking shoes, my son loves it, very soft. I do recommend itI always buy NIKE products, good products", "I order shoes through amazon because I just can not stand to actually go shoe shopping. Everything came as expected and product was good. The only downside I have is, the pricing it is just not comparable to anything else in the stores.", "GOOD SHOE TO WEAR WHILE YOU ARE ON YOUR FEET FOR LIONG PERIODS OF TIME.  AIR CUSHION AROUND YOUR WHOLE FOOT, NOT JUST PART OF IT; REALLY MAKES A DIFFERENCE IN THE PERFORMANCE.", "As with typical Nike shoes, these require the selection of a half or whole size larger than your normal size. I wear a 9.5 or a 10 most of the time and I bought these in a 10.5...they fit perfectly.The air sole is very nice and. ramatically reduces ground impact, maybe more than any Air shoes I've had. The soles have excellent traction for anything off pavement.These shoes look sharp, more so than the pictures show. Shoes often look better in pictures than in person...these are an exception in my eyes. The only negative I can come up with, is the swoosh on the toe could be a bit smaller and less flashy.Great comfort, great looks, great function. Would buy again.", "Beautiful and quality shoes, finely made (in Vietnam) and great feel. But be aware when purchase, order half size bigger! Design is great, being simple just attracts passers' views, you can tell.", "Shoes got here fast.  Were exactly what expected for the product.  They look sharp just wish they would have had the other color options in my size.", "I bought these trainers for their originallity and comfort I previously bought the Ken Griffery Jnr a while back,I still have them today.They take a while to break in but once they do they are stylish original{I live in the UK so this is essential for me] comftable and no one else has got them that I have seen here they are A heavy trainer{sneaker} so be warned if your looking for a light slim trainer these are not for you!! I'm a Big guy so I like the more robust ttrainer/sneaker these are ideal for me.I would reccomend these to people no doubt that is why i went to so much trouble to get them.", "One of the most comfortable shoes I have ever owned.  Leave them on all day no problems.  Supportive and light with good response from the air max unit.  Bought another pair.", "I have the this one and I love them. Other guys are commented on the style and color as nice all the time. They feel and fit great. At first, they were tight but, now I love them and they are so dam comfortable.", "Bought these shoes for my son's birthday. He thinks these may be the best shoes ever made.Great comfort and support.", "there's nothing like Nike. this brand is just perfect. the most comfortable shoes. Great design. perfect color. five stars for you my friend!", "It has been 20 years since I have found a tennis shoe I liked this much.  It is sharp comfortable and well built. The last shoe I liked this much was the original rebok pump back in the day. It was awesome.And so is this shoe.Love It.", "Ordered a 10.5 based off my last pair I owned. A little too small but wearable. That's my own fault. Service and delivery was great.", "As a Nike enthusiast this has to be my favorite pair of Griffey airmax. The colors are my favorite white, red and black accent. They are comfortable and I just wore it once to work on our casual friday and I got so many compliments on them.", "These shoes were well worth the cost for what I paid for them.  I was a little challenged by the off red color that is more like a tangerine orange-redish color...but that is precisely what the description says.  Besides - these days...the fluorescent look is what is being sold these days - and it makes the shoes stand out.I loved these shoes so much - I purchased the (Nike Mens Air Max TR 180 cross trainer shoes Model 537803 013) in gray / black.", "these shoes are really comfortable, the tongues even are light, these are different form the heavier type shoes I am used to buying, I use them at work and they do there job", "I originally bought this shoe to workout in - weight training and cross training. It's a perfect shoe for the gym, however, I would not recommend buying this shoe for running only. It is definitely a 'trainer' style shoe and like I said, perfect for use in the gym. I have the blue/gray/black for the gym, liked it, so I ended up buying the all black version for work.", "Love these for cross training at home doing INSANITY. Provide nice support, especially lateral. Love the looks and light weight. Delivered on-time and well-packaged.", "Great looking pair of shoes but a little heavier that I thought they would be. Good shoes to use inside a gym or to wear around town. But, not lite enough to lace up for your outside run. Just my opinion maybe other people will find them just right. All depends on your taste. As stated great for gyms so if you do all your workouts inside you can't go wrong.", "I did a previous review of the same shoes - but in the Gray/dark Orange selection.  Like those shoes - which I purchased first, and resulted in me buying these.  The shoes are so comfortable, stylish and I could not be more happy in my purchase.Initially, I was hesitant in spending the cost vs. so many cheaper shoes for a lot less.  However, considering the feel of the initial shoes and how good they look; I had to go with it...without reservations.  In addition, I love the gel on the heels - because it does not allow my shoes to get dirty in the car when I drive on the left rear, while working the pedals.", "wosrt type of barefoot feel like shoe. I knew not to buy Nike but after reading many reviews on how great they were I got suckered in. the shoe does not aborb your impact, especial if you need arch support. after running and jumping around doing crosscut my feet hurt like hell. and now I'm stuck with these crappy shoes because I already worn them. stick with vibram five finger or merrell type shoes.", "I give this 4.0 sole a good review.  Bought from FinishLine and not Amazon like I do with everything else.  I have run in them and walked in them and I feel very confortable.  If you do heavy training including running I recommend going with the full 5.0 sole which has slightly more arch support but I wanted something I could also walk in very normally.  Cheers.", "I needed an insert with arch support so I took out the new and put in the used. PERFECTO!!!VERY COMFORTABLE AND EASY WALKING. not into indoor trainer stuff.", "I saw these in the store later bought them on amazon, i still have them in the box waiting for special occasion to wear them.", "I picked these and the London Edition WBF Dunk Hi's up a few months ago, though haven't had much of a chance to wear them regularly until the weather got better. They are great looking Dunks, lots of compliments and now a harder to find shoe. Only problem is that they fit really slim. I normally wear 11-11.5 for Nike SB Dunk sizes, but I'd recommend ordering regular Dunks a 1/2 size higher for a better fit. The toe boxes crease rather quickly because of the stiff material used, but I usually don't mind that and the shoes still look nice after wearing them 5-10 times already.", "These shoes were exactly what they appeared to be and i couldn't be happier.  They were the right size and shipping was fast and painless.  Will shop again!", "I was surprised when my son picked these, he loves them!  The leather/suede holds up very well.  Nike is staying true to their name.", "The sun is shining with these beauties.I love them.  They fit perfectly, look great and feel great. Nike always delivers.", "so that when my sons feet gets a little bigger, we will have a pair of new shoes waiting for him", "my son loves loves loves these shoes-- he is so happy and they are so confortable. i love them too", "very comfortable to run in.. the outside if the shoe looks big thou usually shoes are made to appear small but these look like boats but there very comfortable", "love these shoes. although be soft on steps due to air pockets", "These shoes were requested by my 11 year old grandson who is so very pleased with them.  He is a happy camper!", "They're really cool, but they're kind of tight. Get a pair about a half a size bigger. Not the best running shoes at all until you wear them in.", "Great.", "This is a great shoe and very comfy they are very breathable and fit great.They also are very stylish and feel good on your feet. A+", "The shoe was a HIT!!! It was a present and arrived earlier than the intended shipping date!! The suede is perfect, not faded at all, the woven area is so unique and really stands out compared to the other Roshe's out there!!!!", "I lost $80 on this item. The item was either defective or is particularly narrow on this style of Roshe (purchased another pair without any fitting problems). I didn't realize this was coming from Hong Kong until I received shipping info, buyer beware about this. Didn't fit so guess what, returning them was expensive plus I was charged a restocking fee (which I don't see mention of any where). I suggest not dealing with this company, very slow to respond, slow to ship and very costly if the item needs to be returned.", "As opposed to other review, my experience was completely different. This turned out to be a perfect cheat for someone who is whole day on their feet, you can use it as a business shoe.Love it.", "The size was accurate which was a big concern. My husband has worn them every day since they arrived, he said they didn't even need to be broken in. Very happy with this purchase and will absolutely be ordering others.", "Elegant model are comfortables, has good grip on slopes and on the bicycle pedals. i use them to walk and working", "these shoes are so comfortable. and truly do have the affect of walking barefoot. I want another pair in another color. just sayin", "i bought this shoe for my daughter birthday, she loves it very much, she told me she ran very fast with this shoes", "I love my shoes and they fit very nicely. The pink on these shoes are just enough color and it doesn't look like to much.", "Good shoes, this product is like that i expect it. Nothing wrong, the size was perfect. No more to say", "Love the Nike Lunar Glides. Can't find a more comfortable sneaker.  I am on my feet a lot and I can put these shoes on and they are great from day one.  Just love them.", "These are tge second pair of Nike Frees for my 20 month old daughter. They are a great light weight sneaker which bend easily to allow her to walk and run with ease.", "They fit perfectly. I'm a 7 1/2 in women's and this 6.5 kids shoe fits me perfectly! I cant wait to workout in them tomorrow!", "i like nike shoes and unique color so i ordered this product.However it is little different color between web..", "These fit very well. I have many pairs and I wear them every time I workout. Wouldn't buy any other brand.", "Extremly comfortable shoe.  I haven't ran in them yet but they are great for walking and everyday use.  I like the colors as well", "I bought for a gift to my daugther. She loves them. She is used them since I gift. It was a great buy!!", "I love my new pair of shoes. The only thing is that this model is not too comfortable as other nike's shoes that I had before (eventhough is the same size)It arrive on time", "My son absolutely loved these shoes.  They are great and fit perfectly.  He says they are very comfortable and he can wear them with so many different colors.", "Very modern and nice, good product the one that offers of excellent quality I overcome my expectations...goood's D T B", "I purchased these shoes for my husband and he loved them.  They fit true to his size and are very comfortable.  They are not bulky and have great style.", "Super cute. True to size. Dont leave any red rub spots even on the first wearing. My two and a half year old can basically manage to get them on and off herself.", "I ordered these and they arrived 2 days early which i was very impressed!  They were a little big for my baby girl but very cute! Didn't seem to be a comfy as I thought but over all great product", "My daughter lives them. They dry fast and are nice and lightweight. Perfect for little toddlers beginning to explore! Would buy again", "These are really great flip flops they were for my grand daughter.  But I don't know what I did wrong but I got the wrong size. So Ihad to return them.  These are a size 2 and she needs a size 11 1/2 or 12.  They are soft and comfortable.  I called and got a return authorization, no problem, I printed out a return label and returned them.  These flip flops are fabulous I wish they had them in adult sizes this color.  I think anyone that gets a pair of these will be super impressed with them.", "Your prices are crazy high i dont think its right that you guys take advantage of your consumers by jacking up your price when stock is low just last night your prices were at 300++ now its $500. CRAZY.", "I bought the fighter jets,  and I am so dissatisfied with the product.  They are just not worth 400 or so dollars for them.  I will stick to buying regular shoes for a lot less money at Skechers.", "The design is the highest though it was a little narrow.The correspondence of the shop was prompt and was also very good. It was possible to buy it at ease", "The shoe is super comfy it is an over all amazing shoe that is definitely worth very single dollar you spend on it.", "These were ordered for a friend.  He loves them and wears them often.  They fit perfectly and the colors are nice.", "Just order the shoes yesterday hoping that this is the real deal I'll let you know when I have them in my hand", "Great shoe lot of money but worth every penny need more floors at a cheaper price so I can buy more", "These Basketball shoes are very stiff and the sole is slippery with not much grip - avoid at all costs!  I'd also recommend not buying from tyhis seller, they would not take the return stating the shoes were worn, of course they were, that's how my son learned they were stiff and the shoes slid all over the court - do NOT purchase from this seller - buyer beware!!!!", "shoes fit perfectly, there decently confortable there just really nice to look at  perfect shoes to were with black shiirt and jeans", "What an awesome shoe, well made and fits great.", "awesome the shoe looks so awesome on foot fits perfect feels real nice while walking and it draws alot of attention your way", "Received kicks w/ no problem. Not disappointed with the purchase, but damn 450.00..lol Addicted fly-hi-kicks I guess. Thanx was tired of running around from store to store.", "My son absolutely loves these Nike foamposite pro PRM Spiderman shoes. He wears them all the time. They are super comfortable", "The Nike Mens Air Foamposite,white with red blotches, is wayradical and awesomely cool.Yes, it is somewhat pricey.They look like they have smallpox &#8212;and that makes them absolutely bitchin'", "My son loves these shoes, they came just before Christmas even though I knew that it might not have made it to me til after Christmas, I was so delighted and relieved that I was able to wrap them up and gift them to him on Christmas day. He thinks he's too cool for school... Lol. Just joking", "Nike always does a good job with sizing. Fits as expected, shoe looks great and it's very light! My son loves it and say's that it's very comfortable compared to his other soccer shoes. Definitely sticking to Nike with soccer shoes!. Thanks.", "it was a good purchase at a better price than the stores. and they were available here. its a light shoe and very nice colors.", "I was glad i found these, my daughter really likes them.  We went to Academy and there was only the certain colors, this one is different which I like.", "My son loves these Cleats, He has been using them for about 3 months 3 times a week, in both wet and dry conditions and they are holding up very well. I would purchase Nike products again. Good Quality", "I have been wearing these for about 6 months and they are holding up nicely. I don't wear them exclusively, but a good majority of the time. The construction is nice, except for a couple places where there is a smear or two of glue on some seams, (which is the only reason I gave it a 4 and not a 5) which really isn't noticeable except up close.Overall the style and sizing was exactly what I expected and shipping was fast as usual with Amazon. The color of the swoosh is a very dark blue, almost black but not quite.", "Great for my partially flat feet, doesn't need any breaking in and the black sole masks any dirt underneath it.", "Great indoor soccer shoes.  They fit just as advertised and my son loved the color.  He wore them all the time.", "My grandaughter is very pleased with this shoe.  We did need a half size larger, but now it fits well and is comfortable for soccer's demands.", "My grandson was beyond pleased so in turn I am thoroughly satisfied. Out of all his shoes he most happy with these and wants to wear them with everything even it doesn't match.  11yr. olds right!", "My boyfriend wears nothing but ones he always sticks with the plain white and black he opened these and loved them different but with a twist .for every air force one fan! My son wants a pair but they dont come in kids lol", "These shoes (as well as Nikes in general, or so I have been told) run pretty narrow.  I contemplated getting a wider size, but I didnt.  I have flat feet, so maybe this would help with the tightness in the middle section.  Shoes are lightweight and breathable.  Pebbles constantly get stuck in the grooves on the bottom.  Overall, for ME, I would give them 3 stars, but in all fairness, I will say 4 stars.", "Great running shoe, and I have a lighter feel in each step.The first few times wearing them my feet hurt really bad, and I thought the shoes were a mistake... Once you break the shoes in they are AMAZING!!!", "Really stylish and durable though really light. Perfect for free running without stocks, It's worth the extra money you pay comparing with similar competitors.", "The shoes are very nice looking and in quality.  My hubby was very happy with the shoes which made me happy.", "Wore the same size my whole life... cant wear these.  Nike makes terrible running shoes.  Buy something like Asics now.", "awesome color way for the what tha kobes, one of the best kobe nike zoom 7 yet , limited edition shoe!!! Really hard to find shoe and one of sellers on amazon had it, jackpot for a sneaker head like myself. beast of a shoe! fits great comfortable", "The Nike Air Max Tennis Shoes are just great they are lightweight and they feel like you are walking on a cloud", "Got this shoes for a cheap price. It fits well and confortable on my feet plus the color and design is very nice in my opinion.", "I bought them as a gift to my boyfriend and he loves them. He loves the style, the color and the fact that they are really comfortable!", "I love the look of this shoe, it instantly brought me back to my childhood and the bo jackson era. I Couldn't be happier that I got them on sale too.", "My hubby love these shoes.....I must admit I was very skeptical when placing the order as it looked more pink than red to me.....anyway it's more of a red with a touch of pink.  He would recommend them to other gents.", "I usually wear 9- 9 1/2x, so I ordered size 9, after trying it on i couldn't walk, my foot start hurting.. Over all I wish i had bought size 10. I really like that  AirMax style", "this shoe is a great product it fits a bit small but it looks great. i would recommend others to try these shoes as well for the right price", "I tried this for two days. The size fit me well but my toes got swollen. So I returned it.", "The quality is good. On the Air Forces with the plastic check instead of the shoe leather check stiched on they used a softer leather. These, (even if you get the right size) will crease in the front most likely the first time you wear them. Invest in some ForceFields to put in these before you wear them so the creasing won't be as bad or at all.", "excellent, product, perfect condition, exact color, fits perfect and is exactly what I wanted, thank you. I received  sending me what I  exactly wanted", "I had read all over the interwebs that these ran a size small, it was more like a 1/2 size at most so mine are a tad large but they are great shoes", "it was a gift for my cousin, and as soon as he wear them he was so excited, becuse he loves this type of shoes.", "You cant go wrong with a pair of forces, especially in this color, photo doesnt do them justice, buy them now!!!", "The sneakers fit exactly as I expected and I am very satisfied with the purchase.  I would order them again.", "They came super fast an they're just what they said great shoes for a good price thats all you can ask for", "i would love to purchase these shoes!! but there is no size! if you can reply telling me what the shoe size is/are. thanks!", "this shoe is perfect, plenty of compliments.brings me back to the 90s every time i wear it.cant complain at all.", "These shoes fit true to size.. I absolutely love them and how they look.. They shipped as expected. Very very happy with this product and the speedy shipping", "The product said &#34;last one&#34; so i needed to know what size was available. I messaged seller and they said to order through amazon and that they had 3 sizes available. There was no place to enter a size, (although there is now) and the wrong size was sent. I now have to pay to return and hopefully will order the correct size with a discount for this inconvenience. It was a birthday gift which now has gone bad.", "It is way too small on my feet,  is there any I can get bigger size??? If so, how would I recive it?", "This shoe was a Christmas gift for my grandson, and he likes them just fine.  They are a good-looking shoe.", "I love the bright colors of these shoes.  They fit just as I expected.  I'm a loyal customer of the Nike Free (Run and Trainer) line of athletic shoes.", "I was looking for a light pair of training shoes that were secure enough for resistance training exercises, but flexible enough for agility movements. I started with the Nike Free Trainer 7.0, but found that the shoe is so bulky and stiff that it hindered quick movements. The Nike Free Trainer 5.0 was better, and I almost purchased them, but after trying the 3.0 I realized it was the best choice.The shoes are almost as light and flexible as the Nike Free Running series but still secures the ankles and gives support for training exercises. The design of the shoes is a huge plus too, not only are they functional but they look good too.I'd recommend this shoe to anyone looking for light, flexible, and supportive training shoes.", "i bought these as a compromise training shoe.  My first foray into the Nike Free world was the Run 5.0, an excellent running shoe, but not so great for weightlifting.  The Free Trainer 3.0 is terrific where the 5.0 was limited.  The heel isn't thick and cushioned, so it makes keeping my heels planted during squats much easier.  Also of note is the heel and ankle support, which keeps my foot from shifting inside the shoe as much.", "they are a bit tight, compared to the same size i normally get in other brands, after some wear i hope they will loosen up", "These shoes were bought for my hubby for him to work out in. He loves them, and they fit perfectly. Very light, and easy to exercise in!", "These have some fit issues since the last pair I got was too tight and this pair was fine. But if you get the right fit they're the best. Like as in the very best. Super comfortable, stylish, great for running or just hanging around. The only downside is I'm 5'8&#34; and they definitely don't give me any height! lol. By the way, I've tried the 4.0 and 5.0 and the Nike 3.0s are by far my favorite.", "I buy only Nike shoes and they always fit the same. These shoes run skinny and am having some serious troubles trying to break them in. Wish I could switch them for a little larger size. My suggestion is to order the shoes a half size larger than you are used to", "These Nikes are very comfy and stylish. They are lightweight and easy to run, bike, or just wear around the city in. I would recommend them to anyone who wants a comfortable everyday shoe.", "Very light weight by Nike and professional for running and some other sports, I use it dayly and love it!", "These shoes are super light first off, second they are comfy. Mine are neon green and any color looks awesome for these shoes i am happy with them.", "Recommended product very excellent materials and finishes, guaranteed satisfaction, the size is normal, the product meets all offered,  very comfortable and fit the foot, good for walking", "..pretty much says it all.  love the color, the fit, and the way they feel!I have gotten may compliments on them in a short period of time.", "Will be returning to the Gym soon and I had no exercise shoes and I like the color and how light they areGreat", "If you are looking for Nike white shoes, this pair is perfect. Very lightweight, not a lot of support, if you're a runner. Perfect for me, I wanted lightweight. I love them!", "My son is a Jordan fan through and through...he loves his new Shoes and wants more. Great price, and look great!", "Very good shoe. A lot more comfortable than some Jordans. This is my second pair of this shoe. Buy them.", "Fast delivery and in perfect condition. Fit perfect and were above my expectations. I recommended them to a friend and he even bought some. Thanks", "i got these the other day.  soooooo comfortable!  one thing, they run small, not narrow, so i sized up 1/2 size.  try them on first to be sure and amazon, this is a beautiful color, please carry them in bigger sizes.  i had to go to another website after trying 2 weeks to find them.  i plan on getting them in the puch color too.", "just got these in the mail and was super excited to try them on, as soon as i put them on i noticd that they runn a whole size to small! im origanilly a size 6.5 and order them a size6.5 but them seem like they are size 5 really bummed that they dont fit and thats the biggest size they have. warning get a size bigger", "My daughter is 6 months old and is just starting to grow out of them and she has been wearing them since she has been born!  Love them and they don't get ruined after washing them 100 times!", "AWWWW, JUST LOOK AT HOW CUTE THESE ARE. I GOT THESE FOR MY NEW GRANDBABY. THEY ARE SO SOFT AND I'M SURE WILL BE COMFY ON THE LITTLE FEET!", "I love them they are so cute!!! They probably won't fit for long because baby grow so quickly but I'm sure my cousin will love them for her baby thnx", "My wife is putting together a baby shower gift basket and thought the little Nikes would look nice. We kinda think  baby Samatha is going to be a \"tomboy\" just like her mom.", "I was lookin for a nice pair of shoes to do excersises and go out to runn, I bought the nike turbulence 17 cuz it seems to have everything that I was searching, and they have it.There are light and confortable, plus there fit tight in my feet so I can run for hours with the perfect sentation of security that I need.Im very happy with this running shoes.", "I am pleased with these tennis shoes...they arrived in a timely fashion and are now a gift under the tree for my son!", "Cool look and a comfortable for me.  Hope they come out with navy blue and all red.  For now I'll just blaze this orange! T. Scott in Texas", "Unlike prior versions of this shoe, these are cut way too narrowly.Retailers have gotten lots of complaints on these - don't buy.", "I love these shoes, I work out in them every day and they are exactly what I wanted.. The color is cool.", "Shoes fit as described. Great quality as I have been wearing them for a while now, but hadn't taken the time to rate them.", "Ordered these for my boyfriend a year ago, he loves them! thier exactly like the picture and graet fit. Brand new with box. I will be ordering again!", "These shoes are the real thing, and not over priced like some others do. Jordan Shoes are custom design and mass produced for the Basketball players who want to run that court. Thanks for shoes!!!", "This shoe is by far the most comfortable jordan. It has that same socklet liner as the 8s. The product came as shows in new condition and in a timely manner. Thanks Sole PLace.", "Im 12 all over again so comfortable all swade light and dare i say dam good looking too think i'm getting the borax next", "These shoes are both comfortable and have loads of swag. Also they actually had a size 14. I ordered them on a Thursday and they came on a Monday. Overall a great purchase.", "air jordan 7 are the best jordans ever made well worth the price ill were them evry day then ill buy another pair", "How am I supposed to know if they are real? Some advice is that you go on the Internet and look for what the difference of fake and real Jordan 7. Real or not?", "This Olymic Jordan retro 7 is a well made comfortable addition to any collection.The colorway is a welcome addition and a way to express Olypmic spirit and remember Dream team. It fits well and is all well detailed.", "This is a waste of money. Had to buy it for a friend and could not believe how much this thing cost. The edges of the sole is not straight. I could go on and on... It looked cool back in the 90's but I don't need to wear the same shoes I wore as a kid.", "I would say thank you very much for the shoes :) I got what I wanted, authentic shoes, true to seize and the delivery was faster then I expected!! No complains whatsoever, I'm looking forwards to do business with him again.", "Bought these for my spoiled daughter for Christmas and she absolutely loves them. I am not a Tennis shoe fan but these look super cute on her foot.", "This is my first pair of Jordans that I bought online, and I am very pleased with the service this seller had in bringing the shoes. The shoes are authentic and in new condition. I normally wear Chuck Taylor's and Air Max's , however, I thought since it's Christmas, I thought I'd give these a shot. I bought these in size 12, and it fits real good. Great shoes to rock in the early winter and summer.", "I was feeling nostalgic for the Nike Air Force 180 Pump, this was the closest i could find online. It does not come with the pump but i love it nonetheless. I would have also wanted a version with less flare (white on black or black on white - without flash yellow or flash red accents and translucent air area.", "The shipping was fast and the packaging was neat.I saw these on Rita Ora and rihanna and fell in love with the fluorescent detail with black backdropThis was my first nike shoe buy in a while and it did not disappoint. Was described and look just as expected.Thank u", "These shoes are so comfortable--like wearing slippers.  I love the color because I wear a lot of aqua.  They are so light weight and cool in summer.", "Nice shoe.  Would only wear them on a dry course.  Love the color.  Can't wait to put them on and play!", "They are true to size and very lightweight. The shoe is mostly mesh, which is what I'm excited about- they will be nice and cool. Might be a little chilly for wet and/or cold days...", "Just what I ordered! These were cheaper than anything I found around. They are exactly what I wanted and they are comfy.", "Just like in da store love it buy all my air force and air mak on this sit it just take me to cliks do it while at work or even when i am driving", "I always loved these sneakers. Been a fan since they first came out. looks good with sweat suits, jeans, or shorts. Can dress them up or down. It's the fasion worlds black dress.", "They fit somewhat mall , but other than that they look great and very confortable . I wear them to work and since I have to be on my feet for 12 hours this did the trick . I love them", "recommend these shoes, nice style, good match with clothes, fits well. I am glad I bought them. comfortable fit. love the color.", "La calidad es excelente y son muy c&oacute;modos. El dise&ntilde;o me gusta mucho tambi&eacute;n. Mis compa&ntilde;eros de equipo se enamoraron con mis tacos y quieren comprarse unos.", "Ordered an 8 and received and 8.5", "Not the most comfortable shoes I've ever owned..... Not worth the $$$ spent on em!!!! If I had to do it all over again.... Proble wouldn't have bought these shoes.", "the product was in perfect condition, the features are correct, everything is perfect, it is a seller 100% safe and reliable ... I hope to do business with you again, thank you very much.", "i prefer the blue one,but purple is nice too. i like it very much. they are fashion and suitable for me", "My son wanted this shoe BUT NOT WHITE! Online it looks like a light shade of grey with a slight darker grey accent on the heel.  The color on seller's page indicates grey.  IT IS NOT GREY.  IT IS WHITE with a slight darker accent of grey on heel.  By looking at it it looks grey especially compared to sole...  Very disappointed! This makes shopping online a waste of time!!!", "I just bought these shoes, from a local store. They are amazingly flexible, great for running and also great for work out. I love their cool look. they look awesome with jeans, and are great for running. This shoe hugs your foot, but feel light, almost like being in some ultra comfortable socks.", "these are Very good shoes for the price. light weight and excellent durability. good grip and comfort for indoor play .. rockz", "My son is a competitive percussionist (Drumline). They practice and perform for hours at a high rate of speed, making constant movements and changes laterally and front to back...really in all directions...all on the balls of their feet. 2010 season he broke several of his metatarsals from repetitive stress, and not just \"stress fractures\", but full fractures. He had been practicing in running shoes.It was a huge disappointment and ended his season. 2011 season I got him these shoes for practice. They practice mostly on basketball and tennis courts. I thought the special pivot point in the sole, as well as the midshank support for the metatarsals would be good. He didn't have a single problem in 2011 season, and wants another pair of these exact shoes for this upcoming 2012 season. His orthopedist said tennis shoes, and shoes for the kind of sport he does (WGI Indoor Drumline) should not flex at all in your hand when you try to twist it side to side at the arch.These were terrific. Believe me, he would not request another pair if they weren't.2011 season he broke a wrist bone, but kept playing through World Finals, anyway. If only Nike made something to fix that problem!I would also add that these seemed to fit true to size. He is a size 15 usually and these were dead on.", "I bought these for my boyfriend for Christmas.  I was a little nervous about the colors, but was happily surprised to find a set of black laces as well as the yellow ones.  They arrived within the estimated time from the seller and the price was great!  Very happy with this purchase!", "My son put them on just as soon as he opened this gift. He was excited, as he was already so pleased with his Lunarglide 3's he has been wearing. He was ready to get out running right away.", "I chose this product for its quality. I recommend it to everyone. the size is perfect. I had no problem !!!!!", "I didn't purchase these shoes from Amazon, I got them at a local running shoe store after being professionally fitted for them.  I'm not crazy about the color I got (gray with teal accents), but I bought them for running, not for fashion and that was the only color they had.  I have to say that these shoes are absolutely the most comfortable pair of shoes I've ever worn.  Since I've had them, I've stopped wearing all my other cheap running shoes because I now realize how uncomfortable they are.  I'm just beginning to run, so I can't give any technical opinions, but I love the comfort of these shoes so much that I bought another pair of similar Nike shoes in a color that I do like so I have ones that are comfy AND cute.", "Great shoe.  Very lightweight.  I like that I can use it in the gym, walking around town and forgoing out.  Great all purpose shoe.", "These look great on (like a shredded hi-top without the tongue or toe!), lace up front make these fully adjustable and sporty padded foot bed is very comfortable for long periods of walking, however the leather is very thin.  I'm forecasting stretching and splitting if leather is stressed (weather, sweat, etc).  The holes for the laces are not reinforced, just splits in the leather and the zipper can be a bit hard to operate.Overall, nice sporty looking sandal, just not tough enough for sporty activity.", "My son only wears Nike Shox and he is happy yet again :) He outgrows them before he ever wears them out.", "I waited to long to purchase this Item and am really upset. I guess I didn't come up with money fast enough. If you come out with Size 11 again . Can you notify me ( please) . Thanks Alex", "very good. excellent", "I answered the question about the fit being too large. Please don't let that deter you from purchasing these incredible shoes. The scenario is this, I am a genius! I bought these 3 months ago for my 9 year old son who is just now starting basketball season so I purposely bought them large. See? I'm a genius, right? I mean, who has that kind of wherewithal and foresight? Now for the shoes. Michael Jordan sure knocked it out of the park with these. As I said I have a 9 year old boy and he loves basketball. Up to this point in his life he's been pretty much like any other 9 year old boy. He's awkward, care barely walk without tripping over his feet, occasionally lets out a grunt that sounds like English, plays too much on his electronic devices, only eats cake, doesn't want to go to school, fights over homework, forgets his backpack at school when he needs to bring it home, forgets his backpack at home when he needs to take it to school, won't do any chores and won't pick up his dog's poop (even though this was promised). BUT, when he puts these shoes on magic happens! He takes out the trash, does his chores and even likes his sister! On Friday's he gives ME ten bucks and says thanks for letting me help out around the house Dad. He's now a model student. So much so that the teacher sends apples home to me for being his Father! And don't get me started on his coordination. With these shoes he is able to walk and chew gum at the same time, recite poems in legible easy to comprehend English all while shooting free throws and lay ups, right AND left handed! Seriously! Bookmark this review so that in 10 years when he's the scoring leader for Duke's National Championship winning team you can say you read about this kid in 2013! He will be in 5th grade next year, watch for him on Sports Center!All I can say is &#34;Thank you Michael Jordan and Nike&#34;. For my $100 investment I now have the happiest and best little boy. Well, at least for the next 3 months at which time they will be too small.", "Great sneaks. The boy loves them. Paid $90.00 before Christmas now the price is down to $60.00. Wait til after Xmas next time.", "I own 30 pair of Nike Air Force 1...this shoe is no exception...great shoe always has been always will be", "I love the style and comfort. I purchased about 13 pairs of different colors, including both low and high tops. The sole is Lunarlon technology, and when you wear it, it is very comfortable. I have wide feet. So despite being 10.5, 11 wasn't too long and in fact fits well. And of course, it's a beautifully designed shoe.", "these shoes are light, good for running, and style as well. they are comfortable and easy to run in and to do general things in life. i highly recommend for you to buy thses shoes.", "When I received the box, I was not sure of the contents because it was so light weight.  I opened the Amazon box and saw the orange Nike box inside; lo and behold my running shoes were indeed inside!I examined them for flaws. No lose threads or double thread lines of corrections, no glue showing' they are perfectly made.When I wore the shoes and went outside to change my parking spot, I felt like I was walking on clouds. In fact, you feel the comfort immediately upon putting them on.Suede, leather, mesh and comfortable black inner soles. Ventilated mesh all over the shoe makes it a great running or walking shoe particularly if you live in a warm climate area like me...Florida.Thanks NIKE! Thanks AMAZON!", "These shoes are very stylish and comfortable. Loved the price and fit. Worth the money have gotten many compliments on them", "Awesome looking shoe and very comfortable, but after just 2 months the sole is coming unglued.  Not very good quality for the price.", "Okay, beautiful shoe, felt great for my son but side accents started pulling away after 2-3 mo.Center-mid premier league, but shoe should do better with 6-7 hours / week for that price, IMO.", "I had tried on maybe a dozen shoes before sliding into the Nike Air Flights.  I typically don't buy Nike because they are too narrow for my feet, but these fit like a glove!  I gave them a slight workout in the store and decided they fit well and were very light.  I wore them the next day to play racquetball and they were doing well (I wasn't), but after losing 2 hard fought cutthroat games, I realized my right small toe was in pain.  I had a blister and it had broken. I played through the pain in the 3rd game and then took a few days off from the game.  Before the next game, I bandaged my toe and made sure I laced the Nikes tight.  I won two games easily and felt no pain (at least not from the shoes).  I wasn't sure about Nike nor high-top court shoes for playing racquetball, but I'm very happy with these shoes.  They provide good support under and around my feet (as long as I pack them in right) and seem very sturdy.  The real test will be how well they last. Stay tuned for my long term review.", "MY GRANDSON LOVED THEM, VERY SHARP LOOKIN SHOE, LOOK JUST LIKE THE PICTURE, I WAS VERY HAPPY WITH MY PURCHASE, NICE FIT NICE SHOE", "Good design, a little tight on the small toes, however the traction is too poor, shoes are too slick on the court.", "As usual great shoes by Nike.  Packaged well by seller and just what I was looking for.  They were a gift for our son for Christmas.", "They look good. They fit good.  Size runs true. Came in good shipping shape with original box and packaging box.  I would recommend these.", "These shoes came in wonderful condition.  I also bought a pair for my son and these too came with excellent quality.  I was very pleased with my purchase and speedy delivery! Thanks now I can have matching Jordans with my son &lt;3.", "Good fit , nice and light , broken in.Worth $125 when on saleKids love this boot oh yes they do", "These were purchased for my 16 year-old son for soccer.  He says they are very comfortable and grip the turf good.", "Amazing shoes. Lightweight, comfortable, and decent padding. Only complaint is the cost...but after looking around at similar shoes,  the price was comparable. Definitely worth the investment for a good soccer shoe. These shoes are being used on turf and grass- they work well on both. My daughter wants to add in that they still smell good!", "They are slightly lighter than the old CTRs and i prefer the maestri II but they were good. They didn't supply much protection from cleats", "This particular style fits my daughter better than any other.  Practically no break-in time.  She plays at the highest U17 club level and we've been through lots of cleats, and these are about the best.", "I love them so much and I know my boyfriend is going to love them even more. I was very impressed on how fast they arrived. The quality is absolutely perfect. One of the best pair of shoes I have ever purchased!", "was a great buy totally worth every penny 5 star ratings the only problen is that the front white part gets stains that are a lil difficult to come off but shill a great purchase", "Bought these for my nephew who is an avid football player (That's Trinidad Football). He loves the sneakers, says they are perfect.", "Yes I was truly happy with the fast service and good quality merchandise very comfortable sneaker I just love the sneaker over all thank u and I whould shop again. They are very good buisnes people to deal with. They sent tracking number which is always very important yes I'm very happy.", "If you just gotta have the latest kicks, I guess these will seem like a bargain.  I'm not convinced that they're worth all the money I paid for them.  I bought 1/2 size larger than I normally wear and they still squeeze my feet half to death.  For someone who gets a good fit, I would imagine they'll do the trick.  Great ankle support, by the way, which is a huge reason I bought them.  If you can, try on a few pairs in person.  You might have better luck than I did.", "i got the 9 mens and the are really nice i got them for 129.99 but should be 200$ have fun", "My son really likes the sneakers. Although I think they look space shoes. But I don't have to wear them.", "the size fits a bit tight but I'll wear it  it's a really good shoe over allI might buy I didn't color later on", "These are perfect for the wanna be prima donna who doesn't care about comfort or function.  They are not comfortable and do not conform after being broken in.  I had hoped for better as my memories of these kicks in the 90's were good.  Save your money and go to Payless, no thanks NIKE!", "I understand now why I've always bought the 3/4 top 1's.  The High top are a little too high, in my opinion.  I'll more than likely go back to wearing the low cut or the mid top air force ones.", "The shoes are very narrow so if u have wide feet it's not gonna be comfortable at all but a nice looking shoe", "The overall classic design and look is intact. Nike did a good job at remaking these.But one major issues is that they have too much cushion around the ankle. I know that these are trainers for American football, but they are a bit tight for everyday usage.My word of advice is to purchase them 0.5 a size larger than your usual fit. This will ensure that they aren't too snug when you wear them on a daily basis.", "Im a nike sneakerhead, and these speedturfs were dope, I was hella excited when I got em lol they hella fresh", "It is really nice and good but was small at first. There should be more colors at the top though! Black looks hot for summer but it is really good for running and after a while is a good fit.", "I got these for my 10 yr olds birthday.,  He loved them the minute he saw them and has been wearing them ever since.  They are still in very good condition.", "This shoe is very comfortable and keeps the water/slush out.  It also has great aesthetics. Great buy for a GORE-TEX shoe.", "Are these the Mens sizes? I want to scoop a pair if Males but the sizing is not to clear in the description.", "The are crazy colors and dunks are comfortable. Not much else to say if you like dunks this color combination is awesome. I get compliments all the time on them", "These Nikes are so different and vibrant, I love them. They go with shorts or jeans or even skirts. You won't regret these. They do run a tad small so maybe half size up.", "Cannot go out of the house with these on and not get comments all day long. People be sweatin' my shizz for realz! But DONT buy these. I want to be the only ones in my town with them.", "So comfortable and cushiony. I am 57 yrs. old and walk 4 miles a day without my feet getting tired. I love it", "My son was very pleased with how the spats fit and wore them all of October.  They fit as expected and where built well", "My son love them I got the for the month of October for breast cancer. We look foward to getting another pair for my youngest son next year.", "I usually buy Salomon waterproof shoes, so I took a chance on these Nikes being as good. So far, they are as good as and for half the price of the Salomons.", "This item is a fantastic women's running shoe. The GORE-TEX material keeps feet dry, running outdoors, yet it's still light weight. Highly recommended, especially for those who run outdoors during the fall/winter seasons.", "Very comfy great for people with a flat foot. Didn't buy my pair from here, but I got fitted with them due to my heel to toe walk. Extremely lightweight with breathable mesh. I'm in track and field and this shoe is a dream for long distance running. Be careful with taking them off I was advised to not kick them off because the back side is sensitive to harsh treatment as such. If you run from a 800m and higher these are some shoes I'd look into if I were you.", "my girlfriend's nephew loved them, the color is more vivid than in the picture (that's great!) it fit him nicely. All in all a great purchase! As for the service in general, it was really fullfilling our spectations.", "I was looking for lightweight sneakers for cross training - specifically kickboxing. I needed ankle support and couldn't find any mid tops until i stumbled on these. Awesome awesome lightweight flexible supportive sneakers!!! Looked way better than the pic when they arrived.", "These are some great shoes, the size is perfect and the color right one.  However, the picture shows the shoes with royal blue shoe strings, arrived with only white shoe strings,,, somewhat disappointed!  Arrived on time and in good condition.  Happy!!!", "The color of the left side is different from the right side. I felt  the commodity is not the one I ordered.", "both shoes have a strange \"pull\" at the toe area that is a minor flaw in the \"fusing\" finish, this causes strange indentations which make the foot look deformed. i was really looking forward to wearing these but not if it means looking like i have deformed toes.", "my son has a size 15 and hard to find his shoe size but he loves them thanks also just a fyi they are a narrow shoe so just let people know in your description other than that great job", "As an actuall running shoe I would not recomend this as I use minimalist shoes. But for track the style is great for going to meets and warming up. Its heavy and supportive which is what I look for in a warm up shoe.", "I need to return it. When will I receive my return label. This shoe looks ugly... It's not what I expected", "Dear Amazon. I did have a big problem with this product. At the website, the colour of the shoes is described as &#34;Hasta-Sunbust-Neutral Grey&#34;. But it ain't truth. The shoes that i have in my house right now is GREEN. And it is awful, by the way!!!I'd like to send you a picture to show it to you the exactly colour of the product!! Or, the photos at Amazon's website are TOTALY, i mean, TOTALY different as they should be.I am very angry about that. I payed more that one hundred dollars for a green shoes that i thought it was GREY, like the photos!", "I cant tell you how the Nike Women's Free Gym Shoe fits until I can find &#34;MY&#34; size! They are either Too small or Too large. Where can I &#34;Please Find an 8 1/2 -9 shoe?", "the item was an open one used without the shoes fillingsthe box came without a lead the shoe lasses were opensomebody already try the shoes and walk with itthe half box came torn in a thank you shopping bagand after all the shoes are too smalli am going to return it for full refund", "Expensive, but comfortable and well-made.  Very light shoe that will last the season; eye-catching, too.  My son loves playing in these as the color makes him feel fast and unique (refs see the traveling, tho:).", "My boyfriend got these for me for my birthday & I absolutely love them ! The color is so vibrant and pretty ! Got lots of compliments on them :) highly recommended .", "My daughter love love love these!  I was happy to have found them and the price was comparable to other sites.", "these are my favorite pair of shoes.... the pink it hot pink and they dont get dirty quick.. they are aslo very comfortable", "I wear these 12-16 hours a shift on very hard floors , and I am on my feet non stop. The arch support is super for someone with an extremely high arch, also the lunar padding gives a little extra padding along with the air max. If your a runner these aren't going to give you the breath-ability you want so go with a mesh version but if you work in healthcare and need an all leather shoe get these now!!  These blow my Shox out of the water, and I swear by Reebox zigs and they are even better than those.", "Very Narrow. More that expected- therefore it had to be broken in more. Overall it is a good product. Does the job.", "Just got my shorts in! They look great and fit well, too! Really comfy, soft material(not sweaty weird-work-out material). Light weight, good length. I will enjoy having these. I recommend them to anybody.", "Great Nike classic shoe! It is a bit heavier shoe than the Nike Vortex yet still holds true to size and arch support. Comfortable, stylish and affordable. J Crew sells this same style of Nike but at a far higher price.", "i always loved these shoes, i had them when they came out for the first time early in  the decade, they look great, they are very comfortable and works with almost every look... if your foot is wide i suggest ordering half a size bigger", "The shoe came in good condition despite it being boxless upon arrival due to my freight forwarder. It's a classic! It fits well. Overall, it's all good!", "I LIKE THE RUNNING SHOE BUT IT SEEMS TO FIT A BIT LOOSE BUT IT BETTER LOOSE THAN TIGHT. SO I EXPECT MANY YEARS OF USE.", "The shoe is very comfortable. Sturdy design and goes well for my countries colors. The shoe is good for both walking and running.", "The most comfortable and great fit running shoes by Nike, I workout everyday and have over hundred pair of running shoes and these shoes are one of the best and my favorite.", "thees are some of the crispyiest shoes i have ever put on and i know my shoes thees are 100% real and plus ive never seen anyone else with them on thees are my favorite shoes out of all 8 pair", "fits perfect and looks good", "Clean clean clean clean clean clean clean clean did I mention clean cleanest of clean king of clean yep yep", "My son loves the bright color of these shoes. A cross between red and melon. I found several Nike t shirts to match. A must have for the high school shoe crowd.", "THESE SHOES FIT MY FEET VERY WELL. VERY GOOD ARCH SUPPORT, VERY CUSHIONY, YET FIRM, HIGHLY RECOMNDED FOR PEOPLE WITH LOW ARCHES OR WHO NEED EXTRA CUSHION SUPPORT FOR HIGH IMPACT AEROBICS.", "I had my first pair of Nike Air Max shoes back in 1997.  They were the best shoes I have ever had.  I have been looking for these ever since.  This shoe was similar to what I remember, but the arch support was not quite as high.  It is still a great shoe.  The product was in brand new condition upon receiving them and I received them a day early.", "I love air max tennis shoes. They are light and comfortable and are the bomb for walking. If you work long shifts they are a good shoe for that as well.", "The shoe fit was fine and arrived when expected. The pair received had a manufacturer defect. This review has been edited since seller contact has rectified the situation. Replacement product not yet received, however his steadfast  desire to make things right was worth updating early.  Will update again once product is received.", "these shoes are very good i think that everybody should have a pair or two of nike ruckus lows they are great", "The shoes come and look just as advertised. The shoes also come in a neat box that slides open and has a hat with the jordan symbol on it also. The delivery was prompt and the size came as ordered. Only problem as is with most shoes these shoes have no open laces so if your young one likes to curve his toes like mine when you put on a shoe it can be a little tidious but eventually go through. Overall...great great looking shoes!!!!. They also arrievd promptly.", "It's an incredibly nice looking shoe but the quality sucks and the material is cheap which is surprising because Nike usually make a good shoe. I'm thinking these were a knock off because after 2 weeks they began to fall apart. I've worn Nike shoes all my life and this has never happened. In fact, I've never had a pair of Nike shoes that didn't last 5 years. Not to mention the tag inside of the shoe says made in Indonesia when all of my other Nike shoes says made in China. They totally ripped me off and with all the fakes that are going around I'll be sure to do my research next time before ordering anymore Nike shoes online.", "Oh my gog these are dope ass shoes.  Much better than I expected. Love this blue and so do all the haters.", "There is a good feeling for the touch and is quite comfortable. I don;t like the Shox products for sports but since I am a teacher and spend 9+ hours a day upstand on lectures, they are until now the best fit.", "the nikes  that  I bought are cool and fit nice. And look sweet, this colors that came out in the past  years are the kool.", "Great high quality shoe. I get compliments all the time on them. Very comfortable an mid weight not to light but not to heavy. Fast shipping. Would pur check as again", "however i inspected the sole and found zero evidence of wear and decided they must have been display items at some point, i was initially turned off by the scuffed up shoe at 108$ however..... they arent in stores anymore and i figured 3 times wear and itll make no difference. fit excellent. have a color thats unusual to say the least, popped them off with different color laces and ghost laced them.. shee-utt shoes be class a", "Shoes are awesome, The sizing was perfect, great color Blue ! Very Comfortable ! Just what I had expected, Thanks !", "lt is  good, though not five stars, but I am very satisfied, buyers want to continue their efforts . , ,", "I had purchased a pair like this a year ago in grey at a Nike outlet store and fell in love with them. Had no idea they were D'Wade shoes at the time. But, I liked the color, fit and comfort of the shoe. So a year later after mine getting beat up I wanted to replace them and had no idea they came in black. I absolutely love these gym shoes!!!", "I've learned my lesson.  I will not be buying cleats online again.  I've been using nike cleats of the TD family since 2006 or 2007, starting with the white hi-top Speed TDs (2 pairs) and ending with my last pair of 7v7 TDs.  I've always been a size 12 for nike cleats (I also have worn nike tiempos).  I have never had blisters or any toe issues, only a little soreness in the soles during the break0in.  My last pair of 7v7s was getting somewhat worn when I bought these, and I was still using these when they arrived.  I do not think my feet grew larger, but these feel at least a size too small.  I've lost both my big toenails since wearing these, which I've never had happen.  I like my cleats tight, but with these my feet start to tingle and go numb pretty quickly.  Pain when accelerating is pretty sharp and distracting.  I would definitely recommend buying from a store when you can try on the pair you're going to buy.  I went to the store before buying these and tried a pair that seemed to fit fine, but these were much tighter.  I don't know if they shrunk or were mis-labelled.  The label inside says US 12.  These are my favorite style of cleat, the pattern is great, the height is perfect, they are usually comfortable and not too heavy, but this pair was terrible.", "WE ARE IMPORTERS FROM BOGOTA, COLOMBIA, AND THESE SHOES WERE IMPORTED FOR ONE OF OUR CLIENTS THAT WAS COMPLETELY SATISFIED IN ALL ITS CHARACTERISTICS", "I didn't buy these at amazon but I know reviews help me out so I am hoping this helps you make a decision. I bought these at a mall store for 65.00. The only difference of the pair I bought is the color. I normally wear an 8.5M. I tried on several sizes and ended up buying a 10. I brought them home and compared them to other types of athletic shoes I have purchased and found them to be approximately 1 to 1 1/4 inches longer then my other shoes. Therefore I would say they run pretty small. I purchased the gray mesh with ocean blue and magenta. They look cheaper then the Nikes I have purchased in the past. I have also purchased NB and Reebok and it appears they really are sizing them differently. They are very light-weight and feel very comfortable on my foot. So far I have not noticed any spot that they strike uncomfortably on. They are perfect for a normal width foot. The inside label states they are made in Indonesia. I would really love to buy a shoe made in America but it seems that's not going to be the case anymore. I would recommend them but keep in mind the sizing difference. I hope this helps.", "Joy and pain, like sunshine and rain.Joy:I love my new Nike Free 3.0 V4's They're awesome! They bring me joy. They feel like the Nike Free Version One 3.0's that i used to have a few years ago (UPC 0091204597847). If I remember correctly Nike's replacement for V1 3.0 was stiffer and more like a traditional running shoe. So after the Free 3.00 V1, I went through 2 pairs of Saucony Kinvara's and experimented with Vibram Five Fingers (avoid rocks with them). I actually went into get a new pair of Kinvara's but they had to order them so I tried out the Nike Free 3.0 V4's and loved them. They're a great combination of minimal design and enough cushion.Pain:It pains me to hear how here about how Nike treats sponsored athletes. The word on the street is that Nike provides no advance notice of contract termination and retroactively applies performance clauses. Essentially, Nike sometime as acts as a jerk when it transitions away from athletes.With $521 million net profit in Fiscal 2012 3rd Quarter alone, Nike has the room in their budget to afford to treat sponsored athletes fairly.Nike's CFO might say Nike has a business case can be made for their actions. He should keep in mind that I'm not made of money but I'd rather pay $125 instead of $100 for a pair of shoes if I knew this would ensure that sponsored athletes are being treated fairly. If I like 2 shoes equally I'll buy from the company that treats people better. Doing the right thing doesn't have to hurt the bottom line.Peace,long may you run,out. Cy", "I use it at CrossFit and for running.Extremely comfortable shoe, looks incredibly sharp.  A little weird getting on your foot.I would argue it's the best Nike Free shoe yet.I look forward to wearing this shoe for the long-run.", "Great pair of shoes!!! Exactly what I wanted and they feel comfortable for hours!", "THese are great But OF course they are they are air max! a great working out and running shoe. A perfect well put together shoe.", "I bought these for playing racquetball. After a couple of times on the court, my feet were killing me. I do not have a wide foot. These shoes are cut narrow in the toe box. I also needed to change out the inner sole for one with more cushion/support.Very disappointed", "I was somewhat disappointed in this jacket. First of all, the sizes run pretty small. I ordered an L, later exchanged for an  XL, and even that size was just a little bit bigger than the L.Also, it's a pretty short jacket, even for a sports jacket. All in all, for a real \"Arsenal\" item there's not much to it, and quite overprized.", "Weird cut. Skinny on top around the hips with a short rise - and wide on the bottom. My suggestion is that you buy one size larger however be prepared for the  bell effect on the lower leg.", "These shoes came in exactly how they described. And on date, but I didn't know they would be as tight as they were. But still great shoes.", "I remember buying these when they first came out:  the lightest running shoe, by far, that Footlocker sold.  lol  Nike stopped making them for a while, and fortunately other shoe companies started closing the gap. When I decided to start running again to reverse my inner fat boy's efforts to come out, I saw these here on Amazon and became curious:  were they as light as I remembered?  How would they conform to my feet?  Would they wear out as fast as the originals?They ARE still very light.  They also still take just a little more effort to put on (I'd forgotten about that over the years).  I'm hoping they don't still wear out as fast, but I've only had them for a month or so.  I normally wear an 8.5, and so that's what I ordered.  Come to find out that I can't wear socks with these, but they're very comfortable without.  A little tight in the forward box, but not so much a problem after I loosened the laces, then re-tightened them.  Not crazy about the shade of green, but I wasn't looking to make a fashion statement:  I was taking a chance, so to speak, so I looked for the cheapest version available.Overall, I'm very happy with this purchase.  If I'd known the pros and cons beforehand, I'd still be happy making this purchase again.", "These shoes were as advertised.  I have worn Nike Free shoes since the 1990's and these are just as they should be.", "My son loves them! He's had them on everyday since he got them and he swears his basketball gaming skills have improved since day one of wearing them.", "I bought it for my little broder, it fits perfectly, looks great, he plays basketball and those are perfect to use", "He get a lot of compliments about these shoes and they look exactly like the picture. The fit was just right as well.", "I ordered these for my boyfriend an experienced snowboarder and he loves them.  other than a few fraying threads the boots are perfect, brand new just like the description said.", "I bought these shoes for both my boys in the fall of 2012 for track.  They were professionally fitted at a running shop.  The shoes lasted through Spring track and my kids didn't out grow them too fast! This summer, the shoes become their everyday \"sneakers\" to wear and I bought a new pair - a size up - for each on Amazon for their summer conditioning programs for soccer. Same great quality and of course super fast delivery by Amazon.These orange/blue shoes were a bit pricey, but my FL Gator lovin' son (Go Noles!)had to have them, so he paid me the $40 difference between these and the cost of the neon yellow Nike Pegasus 28's that my other son got. Still pricey, but worth it for the lasting quality and at their age they need good shoes to prevent injuries.", "I ordered these shoes without seeing them first in person. I couldn't even get them on my foot as the tongue is fixed to the entire shoe. I would definitely avoid buying these.", "Glad I have them in my collection!!!! I get a lot of compliments.......Great buy happy I go them... Love em!!!", "They fit as expected, looks good with jeans or shorts casual look if you want. Dress them up or down", "Nice shoes :)", "I can wear the 9.5 or the 10. They are slightly narrow by the bunion area of the foot, but with everyday wear, they begin to loosen up and it is a perfect and comfortable fit.I have several  pair of this sneaker and it is going to be a really foot cuteness SUMMER!", "I freakin love them....!!!! My favorite forces by all means. Easy to keep up, can dress them up or down and good for multiple occasion. Also very comfortable!", "Love them so comfy and cute. I would highly recommend these sneakers I get so many complements! They are a little snug but feel great when walking.", "LOVE this wedge shoe...Had previously purchased these in Army green, and I HAD to have this color, as well...I'm sure I'll purchase another pair once I find a color I love!!  SUPER comfortable and the wedge add a sporty casual flair!!", "I'm size 6It fits on my feet.not heavy, sharp looking, comfortable.This is my best choice.I love it", "They fit just as expected and are surprisingly super comfy!!! Love the color, style, height. Though i do have to un-lace them one or two times to get them on and off, but other than that,they are fantastic!!!", "shipment arrived very fast!!!!!!! In great condtion exactly what I wanted.", "Refund due to wrong order by mistaken.  I did not realized it is high heel without noticed.  but it is good shoe anyway.", "I like purchasing from Amazon not always what I expect but ok, easy to purchase and easy returns if needed", "i loveeeeeeeeeee my dunks&#10084;&#65039;&#10084;&#65039;&#10084;&#65039; BUT! the top of the shoe (where the pinky toe & bunnon spots are) is a bit tight... i wore them twice & then the third time the were stretched out & it was weird cause the 1st day i wore them, the back was flappying off like they were too big.... i still love them, im definitley getting more & jus may have to get tye .5 size&#128516;", "Fits true to size and are comfortable while looking great. All in all great kicks from one of my favorite sneaker brands", "I can't wear these because of the wedge in the heal, I tip right over so I will need to return them.", "I love this shoes!", "Awesome style, fit and look on my feet.  Now I'm going to order the all white to profile for the summer.", "Love the color and style of the shoe. I wear an 8.5 and I have I wide foot so it fits a little snug. But fits perfect in length.  I'm not sure if a size up will help but these shoes are worth breaking in.", "Nice! A little tight across the top of my foot but that will give over time! This is a great buy for on the go Moms!", "Love these! I was on the fence w the whole wedge sneakers fad,  but I will buy another pair for summer in a diff color. Fast shipping, comfortable. Kinda look like air force ones... wedge is not overdone.", "I've always wanted to try a pair of sneaker wedges, and these are greatfor a lady who barely wear sneakers.", "The shoe is made well; however runs small. I would recommend a size up. The magenta color is really beautiful and I can't wait to wear them.", "I don't know why it took me this log to order a pair of these awesome shoes!! I love them. They do run about a half size too small. I read this in a previous review so I ordered a 6.5 instead of my normal 6. I love heels and these are perfect for me. I wear them with skinny jeans or boyfriend jeans every weekend. They are very well made! And I will be purchasing more colors immediately!!", "I'm so glad I read these reviews and ordered one size up.  I usually fit in 7 1/2 size but ordered an 8. These fit like a charm!  They are made very well and go with any outfit.  I'm looking to purchase black next.  I'm sorry and c these c wedges are perfect! !", "These are super cute... I love the lizard like imprint on the leather. However, they are a little tight in the front and although I wear high heels on a consistent basis... My arch felt uncomfortable after a few hours.", "Nike Wmns Dunk Sky Hi High White/Black Hidden Wedge Heels Women's Sneakers...Nike Wmns Dunk Sky Hi High White/Black Hidden Wedge Heels Women's Sneakers... this item  fit as expected.", "Great shoes, fit perfectly and extremely comfortable. I really have a hard time finding shoes that don't hurt my feet so normally my to go shoes are sneakers. So I have to say I was both eager to try these but also afraid that because of the wedge sole it would be painful and maybe a bit awkward looking. So nor painful nor awkward. These are just perfect, love them", "I returned the first pair for a size up, I thought the stiffness/tightness was due to the size.  The new size is more comfortable but they're stiff, so much it looks like I have a limp!  I'm sure the stiffness if from the leather but I know breaking them in will be a challenge.  I'm not psyched to put them back on", "nice. Buy other colors as desiredFoot ComfortTake off the loose strings tied reported discomfort exceptSatisfied pricesI like petting a color", "They fit great and are very comfortable! I usually have to go up a 1/2 size with any nike sneakers and these were no exception.", "Comfortable and stylish. Second pair I've bought this year. Gives you height w/o the discomfort of regular heels and I love that the wedge is hidden.. Most people thought they were hi-tops at first glance. The quality is good, only complaint is they started creasing at the toe after only 1 day of wearing them. All in all I'm very happy with my purchase.", "very comfy but a bit tighter than the other nike running shoes.Super coll , super cute.Love the color", "I love these shoes.  They fit well, they are cute, and they seem to go well with most of my wardrobe.  No complaints; I plan on buying another pair soon.", "These sneakers are very comfortable. My only concern are the creases that develop so quickly at the toe. This is normal for AF1's, but need improving. Other than that, these are top-notch. Get them.", "i received my son's Lebron 9low arrived on time.  They were packaged fairly decent, but I guess the box got bent during shipment.  He loves them.", "I'm a size 11 actually but I bought this shoes 11.5 cuz they didn't have 11, I don't regret it, I can wear 11.5 but anyways this shoes are fantastic, very comfortable and pleasant to walk/run around with, I like the style and the colors are great, anyone for running shoes this is a great choice!", "small not my size  my size 11.5 and my order is 11.5 i dont no what the proplem i dont no what to do", "I switched from basketball sneakers to these Nikes for going to the gym and general all-purpose workout shoes. Absolute win. Couldn't be happier.", "Runs small just like a lot of the reviewers said.  All of my shoes are size 8.  I probably should have bought a size 8.5.  Oh well :(", "Only worn these shoes for a SINGLE day and its already showing signs of wear, lots of peeling & cracks despite using it for a 2 hour walk on a footpath! Totally not what I expected from Nike and its one of those shoes that likes to gather up all the small rocks & twigs and stick themselves in the soles that make it almost impossible to get out of without damaging the soles even furtherVery unfortunate as these shoes are easily the most comfortable shoes I've ever had yet despite the term &#34;running shoes&#34; its not ideal for the outdoors at all even at walking speed! Oh yeah and the sizing is completely wrong, you need to order an entire size up from your usual and the shoe's very narrow (narrow being the good part for my narrow feet). Someone please turn the clock back 20 years ago when Nike actually meant quality...And before anyone asks, yes, I purchased the Nike shoes through an authorised dealer", "I like to wear this regularly. great for casual walking and excellent for running or playing tennis. def recommend itvery light and confy", "I like it . It's very comfortable and light shoe. I plain to buy another  one very soon.It's fit perfect to my feet.", "Fits as expected. Great shoe. Great service. Overall great purchaseVery satisfied with the outcome. A++ for the total transaction", "These are my first pair of Nike shoes and I LOVE them! So comfortable and great fit.", "as expected, very light wieght and comfort. I was using addidas in the past, but now i tried this one and liked it.", "He loves these Nike shoes! He raves about how comfortable they are and I guess there are popular too.. Very happy with this puurchase.", "These shoes are designed for people who love walking/running. They are just so comfortable. Good work Nike! Will definitely recommend them.", "I love these shoes but the color of the Blue Hero and Atomic Red was not what I expected. The Atomic Red looks more like Pink.", "The shoes are great, the fit as expected.  The toes did wear out much quicker than most of the other shoes my son wears.  His Nikes normally last much longer than these did (there was wear within a few weeks).", "Because the quality as not what i expected! It seems that it won't last much! Nike is supposed to last. Mt husband is saving because he doesn't think they are strong enough! A little bit regreted!", "I have two pairs and just bought this pair for my boyfriend.  We both work out a lot and run/jog frequently on pavement.  THis is the first shoe I have owned that doesn't make my knees and/or hips sore when I run.  Also, I have yet to get shin splints and this would be the first time in my life I haven't suffered from shin splints after running/walking on pavement.  I recommend these shoes to anyone who is active in general.", "I have had these shoes for almost 2 weeks and they still look brand new. They are a great shoe if you wear running shoes to most places every day and occasionally run on pavement. They had a different support then I was used to, but after a while it started to feel great. I would not reccomend this shoe to someone who frequently runs trails, but for someone like me they are perfect. They are cool-looking but not overimposing. The &#34;barefoot feel&#34; makes it feel like you're walking on air. I hope this was helpful! :):)", "My other pair of these shoes were worn completely out. I love these shoes! They are perfect for any type of training!", "Shoes were at least a size too small.My son has another pair the same size and they are perfect.It was a shame that it cost us $14.00 in postage to ship back and we have no shoes.Will not order shoes again from Amazon will go to Zappos,", "Had to reorder a different size because it does run a bit small. The shoe is very comfortable and flexible though. I would definitely buy again", "My son walks everywhere on his university campus.  He goes through LOTS of shoes but these are his favorite.  They last a long time before wearing out and he says they are super comfortable.  We purchased this pair as a gift for him and I think he'll be getting another pair for his birthday!", "The shoe is what I expected except for one thing... The squishing/squeaking soles and insoles. It feels like I am walking/running with wet socks and water-logged shoes.  It's bad enough to feel like I am walking on sponges, but the squeaking nose the soles make will drive anyone crazy.  If you really want a pair of these shoes, buy them in store.  Walk around a bit and make sure you don't get a pair with this flaw.", "These shoes are amazing.. the fit was a little snug but the broke in rather nicely. They are so bright and you're definitely going to be noticed in them.", "My son loves them and they are super comfortable for a reasonable price.  Great by for us non 1 percenters.", "Best running shoes I have ever purchased. Nike did a great job on these. They fit snug but not too tight, came in brand new and looked great, and very light and versatile.", "I absolutely love these shoes. They fit great, feel great and look great! They are super light weight and very comfortable! They feel like slippers with laces! Highly recommend these to anyone looking for a nice pair of running/workout/hangout shoes!", "These shoes are not the most durable for running. I've had them for about a month, and they are already beginning to fall apart. I run about a mile everyday, and it should be able to hold up for longer than a month. Although, the shoes are very good looking, I would not buy these again.", "Love them! Got then quickly, great fit, color as described. Bought them for a family member and they are pleased", "Very comfortable and fit perfect. I'm skeptical about how the laces tie up but hopefully I'm wrong and they last.", "Bought these for my 11 year old son to replace another version of Nike. Price was right (less than in the stores we visited first). We are both happy!", "Extremely good for running. My feet are able to flex and adapt to the ground.Only problem is that I run a lot ( I would like to believe so, 4.5 miles per day). The sole starts to go down in a few months time. Therefore new purchase is required.", "The shoes were excellent and light weight. Perfwct for what i needed but the width was just a tad bit small", "These are really really comfortable to walk or run in which is why I ordered a pair for someone I know. There was a bit of a snafu with my order and such, but was quickly resolved thanks to the customer service over at Sole Place. Thanks guys for these awesome shoes and for all your help! Would recommend these shoes and buying from Sole Place as both of them are AWESOME! Very happy with this purchase!", "These shoes run very small. I sent them back and got a 10.5 and they are too small. When you read order a full size bigger..LISTEN.", "I love nike free's, comfortable barefoot feel. Wear these all the time, definitely one of the most comfortable pair of shoes i've owned.", "Too little support. Good training shoe. Comfortable. Bad running shoe. I will probably try larger size for training shoe.Thanks", "These  shoes are amazing ! I saved 40$CAD by buying them on amazon ;) The fitment is awesome and he color is what I was expecting. By far one of the greatest running/sport shoe made by Nike up to now !", "This is my second pair of Nike Free's, they fit as expected and are very comfortable. I use them most for cross training and just a shoe to wear all day long. The last pair I had lasted almost 7 years so I hope I get the same longevity from these. I would highly recomend.", "Nice shoe!  Extremely light!!!  I've worn other Nike shoes before and ordered a size twelve... maybe it'll stretch (I Hope) it fits a lil snug... kinda wished I ordered a 13.", "Fit as expected, but snug, which I like. A little more cushion than the New Balance 730 that I've been wearing.", "Pretty good shoe. Typically I use Brooks for running, but these appealed to me for the added strength they are supposed to help build in the ankles and legs. Beware though, they offer little in the way of support.", "This shoes fit a little tight but started to stretch out after wearing.  My grandson loves them.  He said they fit better after wearing them for a little while.", "Loved my new running shoes. Perfect size, excellent conditions, if you like the colour (like I did) entirely recommended as its cheaper than other NIKE FREE 5.0+ shoes!", "Great shoe. The tongue is partially sewn in, so it stays in place. Not as snug as the nike free 3.0 which is like a sock fit. And these are way better than the nike free run 3. Great feel and very comfortable. Just order a half size up. The colors are hot and bright. The pics don't do them justice!", "My son usually wears an 8. We ordered these and he could barely fit his heel! But otherwise, AMAZING shoe! My son is in track and runs 4 miles a day. As long as you order the right size, these are a great buy. I suggest going to a nike outlet and trying different sizes on before ordering.", "This is a nice soft shoe. My husband says it is the best running shoe he has ever used. He is an avid runner.", "These shoes are about the perfect combo of light weight, comfort, some cushioning and still retaining somewhat of a barefoot feel. I have the 3.0, 4.0, and the think the little bit of extra cushioning in the 5.0's just makes them ideal. They are so comfortable I wear them every day and bought a second pair to keep when my first one's wear out. They do run about a half size small.", "I've never had a pair of running shoes that feel almost as if I'm not wearing any.  They fit so perfectly, and are unbelievably comfortable to workout in.  Nike FTW!", "I got these recently.  They're very comfortable and super light weight but are very tight fit with socks on.  At first i almost thought these were meant to use barefoot.  Other then the super tight fit, these shoes are excellent.", "I live by the nike free run 3.0's and decided to give the 5.0's a try i was a bit skeptical but after recieving these shoes in a record breaking 4 days I have fallin in love with the style and comfort of the shoes. I would recommend getting a half size bigger than what you normally wear due to the fact that these shoes are a bit snug upon arrival. I am a 10.5 and the shoe fits fine its just needs to have maybe a 1/4 inch more space for my toes. But overall its an amazing shoe and I have already run 20 miles with this shoe and no complaints.", "I love these shoes. Perfect cushion and perfect fit. I wear 7.5 converse and 9 nikes so when buying these consider a size up. The colors are very vivid. Flexibility is great as commercialized. Just don't do dumb stuff like me playing indoor with these and such b/c those activities mess up your bottom of the shoe.", "not much to say but i love these shoes and the color i wanted and sooo comfortable  thank you so much", "This was a gift. My son loved them. They fit exactly as advertised and are very comfortable to run in.", "I love these shoes! It's simple and to the point. Fit like a glove, have awesome support while feeling like shoes. I love it.", "Great and i wish i could get another par like them! really enjoying them a lot. I'm loving it! YES", "They are perfect.  On the expensive side and run a little small.  They are light and comfortable for his wide foot but wear out quickly for the money.", "These shose are ok if you want to look cool but they are not for serious runner, they do not provide feed back from the ground and will eventually cause injury.I only wear them on days when I know I won't be running. I like new balance better for running.", "i listened to most reviews on here and got a half size bigger, and it fit perfectly, i wear these everyday now, first pair of shoes ive gotten that have been beyond comfortable, nice switch from $40 vans, definitely order a half size bigger.i would definitely recommend this to a friend.", "I bought another nike with same size (10) it does fit will I dont know why this one do not", "Shoes fit and feel great. They run small so I ordered a half size bigger which cannot be found in the store (in a size 12.5).", "Great shoes, they are really comfortable and so light. Be carefull chosing the sizes, I got another Nike's running shoes and they're 10.5 and they fit me great; but when i ordered this Nike Free 5.0+ in 10.5, they were smaller than I expected, I'm able to use them, but my feet are so tight inside the shoes.", "I was having trouble with shoes and feet for a while. I was wearing dress shoes to work and working in NYC I'm on pavement all the time. I rarely walk on anything other than pavement and handling the NYC subway daily is a lot on your feet. Lots of stairs, lots of concrete. At the end of the day if your feet don't hurt you're doing something right, which I have to thank Nike Free Run for.Before I got these shoes my feet weren't getting enough cushion between my foot and the gravel. I was wearing dress shoes daily and frankly my feet were falling apart. I saw a doctor who told me that my arches had collapsed and I wasn't getting enough support from my dress shoes. I'm 25. He told me to get these hard inserts to put in my shoes. These weren't cushioned inserts, they were hard and stiff. They made the ground feel harder and made me even less comfortable than I had been before. That didn't make a lot of sense to me. Why would I want a nonflexible inserts to fix my flat feet? I tried the soft inserts as well, but obviously those soft inserts aren't re-engineering the shoes. My dress shoes still sucked, and the damage was done. My feet problems extended to my back and suddenly I'm 25 and miserable.Now it's not fair to compare dress shoes and sneakers. Obviously sneakers should be more comfortable and provide more support. But you have to understand, the damage had been done. I moved to sneakers and STILL COULDN'T WALK IN MOST OF THEM. I experimented with a few different sneakers. In converse shoes my foot pain started almost immediately. I tried some cheap sneakers and those were also useless. I also tried an expensive pair of Nike sneakers, and frankly, those didn't work either. Nothing provided support to the inside of my foot, they only created a cushion for the bottom of my feet. I have four or five pairs of sneakers that I wore maybe 5 or 6 times that are sitting in my closet never to be seen again.Enter Nike Free Run 5: These shoes are unlike most shoes and most sneakers because they're TIGHT, but they will eventually expand to fit your feet. They're tight but with lots of flexibility so the foot can do what it wants to do naturally, but the shoe gets right in there on the inside of the foot and lifted the portion of my wide feet that were prone to expanding. Again, my problem is flat feet. My arches were collapsing. This shoe LIFTS my arch and keeps it there. The shoe has those side strings that tighten the shoe around the sides of your feet, it's not just tightening the top of the shoe to the sole of the shoe (which logically will flatten your feet!). You can see the engineering on the shoe itself, the side strings around the sides of the shoe is where it's at. The support isn't coming from the sole, it's coming from all around the shoe. My feet feel much, much better. There were times where my feet hurt so much that I couldn't walk anymore. That doesn't happen to me now. I'm wondering if wearing these sneakers has reversed any of the problems I've had with my arches (since I used to have pretty good arches) but honestly, I have no interest in going back to the doctor even if only out of spite.This doesn't solve my problem with bad dress shoes. Well, actually, it kind of does. At least my feet are healthy enough to put on dress shoes when I absolutely need to. But the rest of the time, it's Nike Free Run 5.I stick with the all black ones most of the time. I bought the bright yellow pair as well, but I haven't brought myself to wear them much. They're just too garish. I'll probably get them in the more subdued red colors next, but these are likely to be the only sneakers wear from now on. For life.", "This was a gift for my son's birthday. He stated he would buy another pair, very comfortable to work out in.", "I looked at various Nike running shoes and settled on these 5.0 after a few friends highly recommended them.  They are very light and comfortable.  The light weight does make them feel a little flimsy, but I&#8217;m not worried about the long-term quality.  If you are looking for a heavier and more substantial running shoe, check out the Nike Air Max line.The 5.0 comes in a lot of color options, and most of them tend to be pretty bright or flashy.  Fortunately, there are a few designs that don&#8217;t scream out.  I settled on the combination of Armory Navy/Chilling Red/Armory Slate and find it to be conservative with just the right amount of subtle bright color.Like others have stated, order a half size up.  I normally wear 10.5 in Nike but had to get these in size 11.", "Shoe fits very well and is very comfortable.  It fit a little tight at first, but broke in very nicely.  The support is nice.  Not sure how much the flywire actually contributes to the whole thing, but it looks cool I guess.  Shoe is easy to slip on and off, but never feels like it will fly off your foot.", "I love it! I could use it for daily use, for gym or anything! They're very comfortable, also high quality item.", "This shoes are comfortable and light. I took the advice of buying a 1/2 number bigger size from my usual shoe size and it worked perfectly... I recommend the same.", "I purchased the COOL GREY/ANTHRACITE/WHITE ones.I've only stuck with the Free Runs for a while now and I could never switch. These shoes are comfortable, light, and fit great.", "The shoes are an amazing fit and great for running. I definitely recommend others who enjoy the comfort of running to order from this seller.", "These sneakers are amazing, it's like walking on a cloud. I would definitely recommend these sneakers to some one :)", "Two thumbs up! They are absolutely comfortable and they are so stylish and I feel great while wearing them around", "Best gym shoes EVER!!! They look sharp and great comfort for anything outside as well. I only gave 4 stars is because the price for different colors is different which I do not understand. I would've bought a different color pair but that color is $200 instead of $100. Not really sure how that works but whatever, because the shoes fit amazing.", "Great running shoe. The previous reviews are correct on the sizes. The shoes run small so I ordered a .5 size larger and they are perfect.", "I would suggest ordering at least 1/2 size larger than usual.  They run somewhat small and need about a week to break them in.", "We used the measurements in centimetres on the website to fit the shoe. This was one size smaller than we normally order but went by the websites measurements. Really disappointing as the company has a no return/exchange policy for international orders.", "My son is enjoying his shoes.  I searched several other venues but realized l saved the most money here.  Thank you!", "As an avid runner Nike Free is the first and only shoe that has met and exceeded all my expectations. I tend to roll my ankles so I need a shoe with a low enough profile to keep from injuring myself. Very comfortable, true to size. Love them!", "Love the Free Runs by Nike and these  pics don't do these shoes justice. They are light, comfortable and look good!", "shoes fit a bit small order about a half size bigger then you need ,but they are great shoes !!", "My first pair of dedicated running shoes and boy was it worth it.  A great investment that your feet and shins will thank you for in the long run.  Fit exactly like i thought it would not too small or big.", "While these shoes aren't quite as relaxed a fit as the free run 3.0s, the snug fit makes them feel more secure and as a result they feel much better to run or work out in. Perfect shoes for a barefoot feel without sacrificing your feet.", "but otherwise a nice pair of shoes highly recommend it for the colors and design overall not bad i'd say.", "These feel exactly like i hoped they would. Perfect. I wear an 11 so thats what i ordered and they fit exactly as they should.", "Everything I expected. Crisp, clean, new. Fresh out of the the hands of an infant working in a Chinese Nike Factory.", "Hands down, the best shoes and most comfortable shoes I've ever worn. These shoes are very light, very soft/comfortable, and also has great foot support for those of us that have flat feet. I'm not much of a runner, but when I tried my first times of running in these shoes, it felt as if I was running on pillows for miles. Love these shoes and will start buying more pairs. I want to try using them when I play basketball, but I don't want to get my shoes dirty (although, it's very tempting to try it).I definitely recommend these shoes for everyday use or running.", "Fit was alright but just a little bit tight. I expect that they will loosen up a bit with wear.", "Shoe fits great length wise. Shoe is a more snug around the middle of the foot than previous versions of the 5.0", "The shoes look great, feel good and it was really easy to order. This was a Great experience with amazon and I love my new shoes.", "When I first saw the shoes I was concerned how I was going to fit my foot into that small hole...it did take a bit of work to get the shoes on, but once on they were incredibly comfortable and now a week later after stretching and molding to my feet with everyday use, they are perfect.", "These shoes are super comfortable and the Volt color is awesome!  I usually run about 5 miles a day and these shoes are lightweight and very breathable.  I would recommend these shoes to anyone looking for a great running shoe or even just a good looking shoe to wear casually.", "PRO: They are light weight shoes but provide more protection than the minimalist shoes some people rave about.CON: The soles tend to pick up debris if your walking on dirt trails.", "They feel great.  It took longer than expected to feel comfortable. I ordered a full size big and they were tight in tes of width.", "My son loved these shoes - very comfortable and light.  They run a bit small so we needed to order 1/2 size up.", "I normally get Nike free run+2, but since the +2 haven't been available in my size 10, I bought this 5.0, but was way too tight for a size 10. Also again, for a pair of shoes costing well over $100 dollars, why are the insoles so cheaply made. I always have to purchase the athlete insole on the side and that's $20 bucks extra!", "These shoes are very comfortable and light. My only complaint is a they feel somewhat tight on the top of my foot. I've only had them for a few days so it might be that I haven't adjusted the lacing properly. On the plus side I was worried they wouldn't feel as good as regular running shoes but they performed just fine. I will try and update my post once I have them broken in a bit more.", "Great shoe.", "Its an older shoe (style) but it checks out.", "After a month of owning this shoe a chunk of the sole has come off. A week later another chunk came off. This shoe was only worn @ 30 hrs that entire month. I do not like the plastic that the lacing goes through. Makes it look cheap.", "I love the free run shoes by Nike. I seriously want a pair in each color. I prefer running shoes over heels anyday", "The colors are stunning. The shoe is light and breathes very well. People comment all the time on how much they like it. You will want to have this shoe!", "I would have given this shoe 5 stars I'll explain why. When I received them they looks good and felt good the only thing I found wrong was that the shoe made a sticking noise when walking on tile I didn't notice because i treys them on carpet.so I contacted the company to get a replacement but they said I couldn't because I had worn them. I did not like that. Also the shoe sizes for the shoes are about 2 sizes bigger for your foot to actually fit. For example I'm a size 8 on shoes but i had to get a size 10 so my foot could fit in, I'd advise to try a shoe at a store and then order online to be 100% sure", "Most comfortable sneakers I've wore. Great for running and volleyball. I'll keep on getting these until I find better shoes.", "I love these. Makes foot motion smoother with those deep cuts on the sole. They look good too.I have short fatty feet and they fitted well by accomodating the shoelaces.", "Bought these for my bf in black for christmas. He loves them and will not wear anything else. They are very light weight and comfortable", "Good shoe, runs at least a size small. Not good if you need support for pronation. Makes a nice walking-around shoe but not a great shoe for the serious runner. Best for casual wear.", "I really like the shoe. They are comfortable and I am enjoying running in them. I recommend them to anyone looking for light weight running shoes.", "I bought these shoes for my son.  He says the fit like gloves.  He loves them so much.  He says he can move with ease.  The color is bright and lively and he recommends them to all his friends.", "Bought this as a gift for my nephew. I felt the quality was a little flimsy for Nike and for the price. However this is what my nephew wanted and he loved them. They fit him well.", "First off I'm a bigger guy at 6' and 190 ish pounds so I punish running shoes and I am punishing myself as I run. Now that we have that out of the way these shoes are a pleasure to run in. If you have never had this type of shoe I recommend walking around in them for a couple of days and then easing into the running. Your calves will probably hurt for the first couple of times running.The quality of the stitching is great, style is simple and unobtrusive, the build is solid (it does not seem it as these shoes are LIGHT!!), and the best part of all is that all of my aches and pains that used to occur the day after running are gone (minus the muscles, they still hurt). The proof is in the performance. I recently did a challenge of 40 miles in two weeks on Strava. I completed the challenge plus some and I feel fine. With previous Nike running shoes (I am not a running guru so forgive me) my knees would be killing me and shin splints would be present.Don't play sports in these shoes!! They are awesome for running but the support for anything else is nil. I run offroad in these and do alright but I notice the instability a little and slow down. These are made for paved trails mostly in my opinion.Overall I would buy these again and again. Great shoes and I hope you enjoy them as I have.", "I have been wearing these shoes for a couple of months now. I ordered the size I normally get, even though i have read other posts that you should get them one full size larger. The were very tight for about a week until they broke in. These shoes are light as a feather and turning out to be one of the most comfortable shoes i have ever owned. They fit my feet like socks. However , i would recommend getting a full size larger, i had to loosen the shoe strings up as far as they would go. Just to get them on.  Also these shoes don't have a normal tongue. It is integrated with the main casing. So loosening the strings will on do so much. Great shoe, i am happy with them.", "These shoes are very light and very comfortable for running and training in general. They grip your foot very tightly to prevent uncomfortable slipping inside the shoe while making sudden movements. Be careful thought and order them half a size bigger than your regular size, because they tend to run a little small.", "I send it to my hotel in US so it can get to my country, i haven't tryed it yet, but I saw it and it's exactly what I order.", "this shoe is just a little small,i think size 8 will better for me.because of the design,all of this kinds of shoes are smaller than the other.", "i liked it because it is the same as the picture. The shoes fit me, they came the right size that i asked and the same color that i wanted also they took the same amount of money that it was shown so that's why i rate it high even though i felt i waited little long because it came the last day of the expected delivery time.", "If you're looking for protection/stability, this shoe isn't for you.  If you're looking for a great shoe to wear around the house/workplace-this is it.  Feels like wearing a sock.  Nike is stepping-up...", "These shoes are comfortable and lightweight. They are great for jogging and drylands. One issue was the color stated was blue and red. The actual color is not red but more of a hot pink. I replaced the laces with black ones, and they don't seem too girly now.", "I wear a 12, and the size 12's I bought were a little tight... Definitely would have bought a 13 if I didn't need them urgently.", "To small and not worth the price tag. Just get a good pair of Asic's that you can use for both the outdoors and the gym and you should be set. All these light shoes are not durable and after a year or so they're not so comfortable.", "Perfect running shoe! I like it! I run 10 miles yesterday and it feels like wearing air on my feet...", "I use these shoes for work because i am constantly walking and i would be in so much pain if it wasnt for them. Great shoes.", "These running shoes are great! the fit is perfect and are super light weight. the only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is because they are wearing out very fast, I use them every day and in a matter of months they were already worn and torn from the front. Will definitely buy same ones when these wear out completely.", "I bought these shoes in gray & orange for my son, an active 10 yr old boy already in a men's size shoe.  The Free Runs weren't cheap, but they were a birthday gift, so I didn't mind.  He REALLY wanted them.  My son says they are very comfortable and they look very nice on him (only reason for 2 stars).  After one week, the toe started to wear - the gray toe tip wearing down to white.  After one month, the toe entirely fell apart.  Sports Authority, where I bought them, said my son isn't using them for the right activities and clearly looks like he dragged his foot on his bike.  My son didn't do this riding a bike.  He wears them to school 3-4 times per wk, MAX.  He doesn't wear them after school because he goes to his soccer & basketball practices, in which he wears other shoes.  This is damage from one month of school wear - he doesn't have recess, and PE only 3 times per wk.  I would not buy this shoe again for a child.", "i need to return them for a larger size", "It looks like small. Have some problem fitting my foot the first time. However, I used it a couple of time and I got used to it", "These were my third pair of Nike Free and they do not disappoint!  Sometimes you forget that you have them on because they are so light.", "Great shoes, so light, fit perfectly, comfortable, for sports or everyday use, I love these shoes! I do recommend them", "The new Nike Free 5.0+ are perfect for both long (10+) and short (3-) runs. They are super light, yet the cushioning is solid enough to provide a soft compression. My only gripe is that they seem to fit differently than other Nike Free models. These seem to run 1 size large (i.e. If you normally wear a 10, you need an 11 in these). Definitely one of the best shoes for the money in this category of running shoe. Beware that you can get cheaper on other retail sites (Nordstrom, Zappos, etc.).", "They say they like them a lot.  The person had huge feet, so I bought a size 14.  I think they are happy", "Perfect.  Nothing more to say... I wish alll shopping was this easy. WouLf be nice to have  more selection of color combinations.", "They fits perfectly and they are so light  and extremly comfortable. Its worth all this money . Also have a decebt grip on grass.", "Great!! Love the shoes! Got them as a gift for my boyfriend and he wears them everyday! Fast shipping!! Thank you!!", "Love the color and fit. Very light weight and comfortable. I want this style in every color !", "Extremely comfortable and flexible sole. Light as a feather. Still has support for the arch of the foot though. All good IMHO.", "My son was very happy with this snickers. I am thinking in buying a pair of the same sinkers for me and another for my husband.", "I needed a lighter running shoe than the asics that i had.I am really glad i made the switch to these nikes, I move a lot lighter on my feet.If you can get these on sale i would highly recommend.", "These shoes just keep getting better. I use them primarily for the gym that I go to near my office. The fact that these shoes compress so nicely in my bag that they are perfect for fitting into my daily commute. Very comfortable and long lasting. These also fit true to size.", "These shoes are amazingly light on your feet. I have begun running, and &#34;oh my&#34; these shoes rock. I can run miles with these on! I'm going to buy more in different colors!", "This is one of the best shoes I've owned.  Very comfortable and light.  I use them for work where I do a lot of walking around and these shoes have held up perfectly.  I would definitely buy another pair.", "The shoes came in the box earlier than expected. The design is great, and the make even better. Decently-priced, high quality running shoes that you should seriously consider. I got it cheaper than if I'd purchased it here near where I live, even with the shipping cost to Singapore!", "They're pretty decent shoes. I'm not sure about how well they will hold up though, the new running shoes just don't feel as well constructed. All in all though they're light, comfortable, look good and have a decent forward roll. People keep saying they run small, I disagree. 9.5 fit like a 9.5 should (although I checked at a local store first). The fixed tongues are bittersweet, nice if you hate shifting tongues (which mine always do) but the fixed tongues make it a bit of a nuisance to get your feet in them. Also the shoes do run a little snug on the sides it feel like, but I also haven't really given them much stretch time, I've only ran 3 times with them so far.", "Bought these as a gift for my son and he loves them.  They were a great price and fast shipment.", "I use this shoe for my daily workout. It's light and feels good. Great product!!", "Exactly what I wanted and the fit is great.  Love the color although it was brighter than I expected from the picture.", "This item is so awesome!! I would recommend this item to anybody who wants to run, and I would want to remind that it is better to order 0.5 size larger.", "Very good thank you.", "I wear a 10 in women's, which is about an 8 1/2 in men's.  I ordered a 9, just in case.  The 9 was small and squished my toes -not long enough.  The 9 1/2 fit great.  Awesome lightweight shoes.  Great for running and crossfit.", "Great shoe, fits a little snug so that it doesn't slip off of the heel. Very good looking. Good support for arches", "These are the single best running shoes I have ever owned, I will never buy anything except the Nike Free's.  My last pair lasted 3 years, hundreds and hundreds of miles, multiple races, training, and general use. Not only are these fantastic shoes for running, but they are unbeatable for being on your feet, and they just look great with a good pair of jeans.", "I Just Love Them They Not Only Look Cute But Are Very Comfortable Definitely Going To Shop For Some More!", "My son loves them- super comfy- seem to run a wee bit big.  Expensive- but good.  Hope they last more than a month!", "Let me start by saying I'm not a runner, so I use these for the gym & the all-around-beat-arounds. When I first got them I thought Ooo, they're a little bright & maybe too flashy for me...eh. Once I got over that, I have pretty high arches, so once I put them on fitiment & comfort I would say are excellent. Sole design as well as great. I'd imagine they're a great running shoe, but to me running is only good for if you're getting chased...I'm an inline speed skater - easier on the knees & covers more ground.I heeded warnings of others which was on the money. I normally wear an 11 so I bought an 11.5 - perfect fit. They fit btw for my feet, like a glove. Very happy with my purchase", "Great great great great shoes..comfortable as I expected..I need more shoes like that..I wear these everywhere..Buy them if you don't have them", "Years ago, I bought a Nike Free and loved them.  But recent updates to the Free were way too narrow.  Not any more.  This years model is just enough for my wide feet (2E).  It is a smidge snug, but I think it will be fine after a week.  My pinkie also seems to have more wiggle room over the older generation.The other important point is that they run small.  I normally wear an 8 1/2, but needed to go one full size larger to a 9 1/2.Looks great also!", "where are my sunglasses????never seen,why?", "nice shoe excelent quality but i suggest 1/2 size more than the normal, i recommended the product for running there are so confortable", "Their size 10.5 must be different than all the other brands:( Shoes are nice but do not fit:( I wear a size 10.5 in every other shoe I havebut I guess nike is different.", "I have three pairs of the Nike Free 5.0, which I use for training runs and recently wore to race a half- marathon.  They're light, flexible, attractive; and they offer just enough protection on rough roads.", "I haven't bought Nikes in quite some time, but I'm glad I did this time! I've had these for about a month and have no regrets. As most posters have mentioned, they run about a half-size small, so make sure you go try them on somewhere first. The fit is snug, but that's what I expected. They are so light you really do feel like you're running on air. These shoes are for mid-foot strikers. If you're not a mid-foot striker, I suggest purchasing the book &#34;Chi Running,&#34; by Danny Dreyer.", "I was drawn to these shoes becausea.) They look awesomeb.) They're super lightBut after finishing my first half marathon, my toes were hamburger meat.  They come WAY smaller than you'd expect, buy a size bigger AT LEAST.I'd show you pics of my missing toenails but I think you'd be grossed out.I've switched to the Asics GT 2000 and am MUCH happier with how my feet feel.  Yes they're heavier, but the goal is to run as often as possible and the Nike Free's will chew your toes off.", "I had high hopes about these shoes but after wearing them for 1 hour I developed pain in my left foot caused by lumps along the left edge of the inside sole midway.  I could easily feel these lumps by running my index finger along the inside edge of the sole.  I will be immediately returning these shoes because nothing can be done to remedy this defect.", "One of the best shoes from Nike for running, working out, cross fit or just wearing to work. You won't be missed in these..they are bright. Great conversation starter.", "this shoes fit perfectly.  I had to order a size larger than what I normally wear.  Other than that they are good.", "My weight goes between 235 lbs and 250 lbs.  and the shoes are great for walking around my local high school track I`m 6 ft. 2 in. so they take a 60 min beating 5 days a week.............I own 2 pair and highly recommend them. Thanks Amazon for your excellent service on all my many,many orders you have filled.", "These are the most comfy shoes ever. Fit to size and hug your feet. Fits as expected. Order ONE SIZE bigger always!", "Like to wear these for walking around/work.  They run a tad small but still fit fine.  Very comfortable too.  Get em!", "Favorite running shoe style", "Seriously the best shoe I have ever bought! I would buy 15 more pairs if I could! #the bomb .com", "These were too small for my boyfirend, as such we returned them and order a half size up..he doesn't love them though and still prefers his Brookes.", "very light, flexible, strong and great design .......just be aware of sizing, you should get a bigger size than usual.", "I don't want to participate in this if my name is displayed with the review. Sorry. There is no option to remove it or delete this review either. What's with these tricksy gimmicks?", "Nice looking shoe light weight and greatFor working out good pick nice color ifYou like neon green or bright", "My husband's newest favs.  These are so lightweight and comfortable.  Great for standing and walking.  Very cool in HOT Georgia summers too.", "My feet are in heaven. Very well cushioned and soft all around. Plus, I never wore sneakers with jeans cause they look awkward and not stylish but this I really like wearing with.", "These shoes were a gift for my son and he loves them. They are perfect  he was extremely happy when the arrived and he put them on. They look great!!!", "This shoe fits me the best and I'm loving it for running daily. Love the color too. Its definitely worth buying.", "My husband and an older pair that he has worn into the ground so he was way overdue for a new pair. He loves these ones just as much. Very happy with purchase. He loves these nice looking, good quality, and lightweight Nike's for everyday wear.", "First pair I bought was fortunately fitted in store and ended up buying a 9.5 instead of my usual 9. After 15 years running on Nikes, first time I bought a different size. Other than the fact that pebbles get stuck in the soles and they scrape against pavement, the feel, weight, flexibility and cushion is optimal. I ran many many Km and even did my first ever 42 Km race with great (shoe) performance. Can't say the shoes helped my time but they certainly didn't hurt it.The shoes didn't collapse of use. They collapsed the day someone (I'm not mentioning names) put them on the dryer and the additional 1/2 number was not enough to slide on my foot. I now have to buy a new pair or run on shoes about 1.5 sizes too small.", "The good - Almost weightless (I am used to wearing cross trainers though).The not so good - These are the tightest 8.5s I have ever worn. I CANNOT fit them comfortably with any type of sock on. These shoes are comfortable enough to wear without socks. I have worn them for up to one hour and they did not rub or cause any friction burns.If you only read one thing - I will consider ordering .5 size up when I start running in earnest (and need two pair - one to wear and one to dry out) after the first of the year.SAB", "Unfortunately I purchased three pair of the Free based on the fact that I owned a pair previously and loved them. These new shoes however do not fit the same and are not wide enough, hurting my feet", "They fit great and weigh next to nothing. The tongue being attached to the sides is a nice touch as it won't move on you. The cushioning while running is great.", "Great running shoes, it feels like you are flying...Fits to size! Works great with the cheap Nike+ andIts application.", "I previously used the Free Run 3.  It was time to upgrade, so to speak.  I saw these had good reviews and jumped on them.First time seeing them, my reaction was..wow bright.  It works out.  Can't be missed and it catches the eye.Fit:  They're a little tight.  It took about a week for them to &#34;open up&#34;.  That's why they got 4/5 stars.  That's more of a warning to other buyers/runners.  Otherwise, they're a perfect 5.  They support my feet perfectly and they're light.  Gives that running barefoot feel.My suggestion, try them in person before purchasing.  Each foot is different.  If you like the foot, then buy on Amazon.  Can't beat free shipping or 3.99 for overnight (Prime members that is).", "Exactly what my son wanted! They fit great! Came quickly! And the color is amazing! Will definitely be ordering again!", "Bought these for my son, matches his base ball jersey, he loved them, once break was over, he wanted to wear them to school but they were too small, he was disappointed.  I wanted to exchange for bigger size, however, they didn't have his size available.", "Great shoe.... Fits well and gives you great support and balance..... Really lets you 'feel' the ground while comfortable at the same time.", "were labelled same size as my  previous shoes (all same models) but putting them beside my old shoes the new ones were about 1cm shorter although labelled as same size. They were definitely smaller when tried on . I think they must have been incorrectly  labelled as I  have always used 9.5 size  with  no  previous problems !! I  have since purchased some more  (yellow-green colour  , the small ones are red )", "My son loves these sneakers.  He runs track and they are light weight and super flexible.  That's important because he runs on different terrain.  Just what he needs for his personal summer training.", "Excelent!", "They're light & feel great! I love to walk & these Nike 5.0 are so comfortable. I tried them on in a shoe store before ordering them on line. The store didn't have my size in the color I wanted, so I ordered them on Amazon. They are about a half size bigger than I usually wear & the salesman said this was common for this shoe. So, if you don't have the opportunity to try them on first as I did, order them at least a half size bigger than you normally wear.", "Just as expectef!! Great fit- Great comfort! Just like I expect the Nike to live uo to.its name !!!!!! !!", "The shipping was alittle slow but overall it was worth it. The shoes are awesome and fit perfectly. The product looks exactly like the picture.", "I recently experienced some knee issues and had to work with a coach to change my gate. After a lifetime of leaning forward and kicking my legs out, transition to a more upright &#34;shuffling gate&#34; has been challenging but very effective in terms of anatomical comfort. It has also allowed me to rely less on heel striking....and thus opened up some new shoe possibilities. I have always liked Nike's fit but have been hesitant to go with a &#34;barefoot&#34; style shoe in the past. I gave these a try and they have been GREAT. Very light weight, but cushioned enough that I feel like I don't need any other shoes. (I am a 10K-ish guy.) I have put about 100 miles on them so far, and they seem to be holding up very well, as they should. When it gets below freezing, I usually leave these at home. Not much fabric, so toes get cold. I ordered my normal size. They are snug, but comfortable. Overall a great shoe.", "Light weight, yet sturdy for running and gym activities. 2nd pair of these I've owned and will continue to buy new ones as they wear out.", "So comfy. Super light. Feels like I'm walking on air.  Simply amazing!  My favorite shoe EVER!  Highly recommended to anyone looking for a comfortable pair of shoes.", "Bought these shoes for my 17yo son. They shipped out quickly and arrived a day ahead of expected arrival. The shoes are brand new. They look great, just like the picture. They also fit as expected. My son loves them, says they are very comfortable.", "The product came in a timely manner but that is the only positive. I had to pay $15 extra for shipping although I have prime and the sneakers were too small even though I purchased the same size I've always purchased in Nike shoes. I returned the product and shipped it and had to pay shipping again because the company did not cover shipping at all. SoI lost a total of $30 just shipping it to my house and back. I will never buy anything from this company again. Waste of time and money. No customer should be treated this way. I would like my full refund for the product.", "Great price, great shoe just as the picture displayed. Only other feedback I think is important for the future buyers of this item is this style of nike shoe does run a bit smaller/ it is worth ordering at least a half size larger to avoid fitting too tightly. Great shoe I love it!", "I have loved athletic shoes for the past 40 years and am very active.  I enjoy pampering my feet and am always on the lookout for the best shoes for my feet.  I was a slow convert to Nike Frees even though I've been a Nike fan since they started in the 70's.  After my boys raved about the Nike Frees I finally got my first Free +3s last year and they were amazing, what a level of comfort.Well I just got my 5.0s and I love that they went with the huarache (tongue-less) upper; better comfort.  The sole remains oh so comfortable.Most definitely, get a half size larger than normal and you'll be happy.", "Free run is probably one of the best AFFORDABLE running shoes. I am sure there are shoes that are probably better but most of them are $100 +. If you are not a competitive athlete, there is not need to look any further. Most likely, free run will be enough to fulfill your needs.", "My husband love he's sneakers. He said it was really good for running and it was really comfortable .. So he was happy with them", "I usually wear a 9 and for some reason not paying any heed to the previous reviews and comments I went ahead and ordered a 9. Alas, I was left to rue that these are made a bit too small. I went half a size up and that sorted all the 'get the foot into the thing' problems.. I am usually a big fan of nike shoes especially for the comfort it provides. I always feel that it has been tailormade to my requirements. This shoe doesn't disappoint. Decent grip and perfect cushioning. I hate to go on long walks with bad shoes but these are so good that I ran across the blocks twice as much. I was heaving and puffing at the end of it but my feet felt just fine. I can't comment on durability as I finished two weeks with these as of now. So far its holding its part of the deal. If it goes otherwise, i'll post an update. There are a bit pricey but if you can afford these go for it. Just remember to order half a size up.", "I wear a size 14 and was kind of skeptical on getting these. They fit comfortably, have the legit Nike outerwear, and the insoles are of a lime green color. Feels great to wear. Nothing like Reeboks at all.", "I've always liked Free Runs and for $70 and $5 shipping I couldn't pass up this deal. In stores and online I would have paid over a $100. Besides price, they are EXTREMELY comfortable. My job requires standing up for hours and with these I have no problems with standing and they are also great for my run and exercising.", "My son has outgrown his so he wanted the same exact pair....perfect to wear every day as alternative to tennis shoes.", "I love these shoes.  I have three pair of these nike free run breathe shoes now!  Reason being:  Because they are extremely comfortable, great for working out in, and the colors are very bright and vibrant!  Definitely an attention getter and I get lots of compliments when I wear them!", "Nice fit, for running 10k or walking long distances. Laces area soft( which is good ) and reflective colour makes them good for running in the dark", "The shoe pictured is not the same color pattern as the one I received. Still like them though, just not what I thought I was ordering.", "These are fantastic shoes! I would highly recommend them to anyone who is either A. Interested in running faster B. Winning every race ever, or C. outrun a kenyan.", "This is a very stylish , light shoe, however,  if you have a high instep, you will have trouble putting the shoe on.", "THESE SHOES REALLY CHANGED THE WAY I RUNS. BEFORE I USED TO FIGHT TO GET MY SHOES ON AND NOW I ONLY FIGHT WITH MYSELF AFTER WORK.WHEN I WENT TO THE MALL THIS ONE TIME, I DECIDED THAT INSTEAD OF GETTING SHOES THAT I WOULD BUY COFFEE, BUT THEN I SAW THE ERROR OF MY WAYS AND I REALIZED THAT WITTTTTOUT SHOES I WAS DENIED SERVICE TO THE COFFEE MACHINE. AND SO I DECIDED THAT MAYBE IT WAS TIEM FOR A CHANGE AND SO WHEN I WAANT TO GET COFFEE I WENT TO THE NIKEY STORES AND I BOUHGT 3 DIFFERENT TIYPES OF SHOES ONE OF WHCIH WAS THIS SHOE THE Nike Men's NIKE LUNARFLASH+ RUINING SHOES. AFTER I RECIEVED MY SHOES I WENT HOME AND DECIDED TO BKAE AND MAKE A CAKE WITH A RAKE AND AFTER I USED THE SHOES TO MAKE THE CAKE THAT I BAKED WITH THE RAKE I KNEW THAT MY DESTINY WAS SET.Nike's Running shoes made me faster than Usain Bolt. Thank you.", "I found the shoes very light weight and comfortable. Great design and a good spot for the sensor.  Product arrived ahead of schedule and seller did a great job with packing.  Keep up the good work!!!", "They are very comfortable and practically weigh nothing. The only down side was they gave me blisters towards the front of my toes.", "It's very light!", "Sporty and clean, but the mesh material is the thinnest I've ever seen from a Nike product. I did a little research after the fact and found that the mesh around the toe box literally rips on both sides after a couple weeks rendering them unwearable, and most people reporting the problem used them as walking shoes. If I spend $90+ on a pair, I expect to be able to wear them for at least a year especially if I don't use them for exercise. I didnt even try them on so Im not sure if they fit true to size. Returning.", "Great looking shoe, but the fit was too narrow.  I had to return it due to the narrow fit and select a different shoe.", "My only regret is that I didn't purchase these shoes at the beginning of the year, though I don't know when this particular model was introduced.  These shoes are the real thing.  They are light, feel great on the feet, and are the perfect shoe for working out in the gym.  I use them mainly for biking and I didn't realize how ill-suited my tennis shoes were for this until I put these on.  One cautionary note:  I tried a pair on at a local sports shoe shop and found that I needed a half size larger than I normally would get.  Thus, be sure you try them on before ordering online.", "exactly what I needed, exactly what I expected. better than this, impossible.just need to prove its durability and whether its characteristics change over time; for now it's perfect", "I am a fan of the Nike Vomero line of running issues, they fit me really well and provide a good cushion when running.  I have found that when it comes to running issues, it's a very personal experience, for me these are a great running show.  Good quality too.", "My days of running are over, but my doctor recommended that I find a good quality running shoe for walking.  I went to my local running shoe store for a recommendation, and was fitted for an earlier version of the Nike Zoom Vomero.  It was very comfortable.  Ever since, I have ordered Zoom Vomeros thru a number of generations.  I recently received my Vomero+ 8s, and find them a little more snug in my shoe size than previous versions.  But they still seem comfortable, and don't seem to be causing any problems for my feet.  While the Vomero is expensive, it seems worth the price.  So many other of my shoes cause problems with corns and calluses on my feet, so I can't wear them for extended periods. The Vomero is still the most comfortable for walking.", "I bought these for PT in the Army and we do a lot of different running like from cement, to trail, to grass and dirt and these work pretty well through all of them so far.  I ordered the same size and they fit well.  One thing is they do soak up a lot of water from the dew on the grass.", "These are a little stiffer than I wanted, but they are a great looking shoe and comfortable to run in.", "These shoes match my running shorts perfectly.  People are so impressed by the color coordination that they forget to notice the starter gun, giving me a 3 stride head start.They are a nice fit.  They are stable as I fly through the air, just occasionally stroking the ground with my feet to continue speeding along like Mercury himself.", "These were perfect! I bought them for my 13 year old who is flat footed and has to stick to asics.  He wanted to venture out and these fit perfectly!", "I've had every version of this shoe and the Vomero 8 has been the best shoe yet.  I've gotten the most mileage out of them, they are very comfortable for long runs.  This is the third paid of the Vomero 8's I have purchased this year.  Great shoe!", "I absolutely love this shoe. The fit is very comfortable. It's lightweight enough for me. The style is awesome, I get second looks all the time. I don't run anymore, (bad knees) but they feel very supportive on walks and my feet feel great.", "The shoes are a bit stiff but over all very comfortable. My son wears them more than I do. Lol", "Perfect fit!, very comfortable running shoe and I really like the colors. I looked every where for this color, I got lucky and not only found the color I wanted, but a better price....", "I have a vomero 7 that fits great, but the vomero 8 is somewhat small! It could be more larger!", "This is my second pair of Vomero running shoes.  I finally decided to retire my vomero 5's after putting around 2,000miles on them, long past the recommended use but they're so comfortable I found it hard to give them up.  Haven't run in these yet but initial impression is they're just as good as the 5's.  Definitely worth the money.", "My old Vomero's are wearing out. I bought two pair of ASICS. I retired one pair after 30 miles. The others are about to go too. I'm back to all Nikes.", "I have back pain and lower body pain and now Im walking and running like a feather. It would recommend this shoe to anyone who feels discomfort from their daily routine. This shoe has put my life back into perspective since I can mobilize instantly and painlessly.  I could not walk a lot before and because of that my wife would suffer any time we would go on a vacation or theme parks since I would constantly sit down from pain or even worse have to leave early because the fear I might not be able to walk back to my car if I continue forward. We just recently visited dayton beach and Kennedy space center, my wife was so happy and even commented that she felt we really enjoyed this vacation because I could keep going painlessly.", "I was looking for some running shoes, I had a pair of Nike Shox and the difference is big. My pair of Vomero8 are very lightweight and comfortable. If your looking for a good pair of outdoors/indoors running shoes, you should definitely try this ones", "Used these shoes for a month with no complaints.  I bought these because my other Nike running shoes needed to be put out to pasture and they fit my feet perfectly.", "This is the best running shoe I've found and one I can not find it.  Nike please rethink this.  The soles hold up extremely well . They are comfortable from the beginning and offer very good support.", "Very comfortable and good looking shoes - too nice to go running in i keep them for going out and casual look", "These shoes fit pefectly. I usually wear an 11.5, and ordered an 11.5, and like almost all the Nike's I buy, they fit perfectly.The shows look great, and I have had several people comment.", "Very comfortable sboe. Doesn't fit like some runners but I really like support and comfort. Great quality and price. Would buy Gain", "I DO NOT like Nike!!! I have purchased Nike 2 different times in the last several months  both times the shoes did not hold up to the average tennis shoe bought at a local store. Very disappointing to pay so much for tennis shoes and then have them fall apart, tear and lose their gel....whichever kind we bought was a bad choice!! They do not stand behind their product very long! We were told tennis shoes last about 3 months!!! What....I am supposed to put 25 to 35 dollars a month in my budget for tennis shoes! NO WAY!! My son is not hard on shoes and takes very good care of his things. That is why I finally spent more money to get him something nice & then we were very let down by the endurance of the shoes. If Nike wants to contact me I would appreciate it...they sure don't help in the store after 3 months!", "Nike is really making a killing with all of their kicks utilizing Lunarlon foam on their outsole. Heck, even the stiffer Cole Haans have adapted the Lunar technology on some of their oxfords and wing tips. This feels great on your feet, very light, the outsole and the insole make this a very good investment especially for someone who is on their feet a lot. This colorway is a favorite of mine too so this is a win-win purchase.", "had the shoes for 6 month and only use it for running and both shoes bubble popped.", "i like this. nice.", "I love the Air Max sneakers.  I love the color and style.", "Could not be happier with the product, the shippment, and the fit.  The best thing about it is I didnt have to go tot he store!  click and wear!", "Much better than expected...comfortable and still very durable...protects on trails and still has good cushioning.  Will likely buy another pair.", "My husband runs between 60 and 80 miles a month on average and goes through sneakers / running shoes.  This is the second pair of these we bought on Amazon.  Different color this time since other color wasn't available.  I am giving it 5 stars although he wears a 9.5/10 usually and we had to buy a 10.5 so he had toe room.", "These are classic Nike running shoes that vary slightly year to year, but basically the same shoe.  I love them and they're very comfortable.", "i like the bright color scheme and its a very comfy running/walking/biking shoe.  the mesh seems pretty sturdy.  pretty good.", "They fit perfectly,  and the comfort on my feet, amazing !Thus, I bought another pair. The price was reasonable.", "They fit snugger than the Lunar Glides that I train in, but I like that in a racing shoe, & they weigh half as much!I put 3 miles on them and then wore them to a Half Marathon that took place on a very hilly course.  They felt great and due to the number of hills, during the race I remember being very glad that I wore them.  I also set a PR for the Half by nearly 4 minutes.  When these wear out, I'll definitely buy another pair.", "I've worn different iterations of the Lunaracer for years.  They're about as light as a running shoe can get and still be something on your feet.  Not the most cushioned shoes in the world, but still pretty comfortable, especially for shorter distances.", "So far this is the best and lightest running shoe I have ever used. I only use it during races and it has outshined the others. Speedlaces may be an option but I decided to try this without and they still slip on fast during Triathlons and give good support. You can customize the fit to your foot because of the unusual design. Nice! Hopefully they last.", "nike does it again with a comfy, light weight, stylish shoe..i have a few pairs of the nike lunracer +3 in different color ways. now adding the volt green to the collection..solid!", "I use these for training and usually run about 20-30 miles a week. These are light, springy, and comfy. The best shoe ive owned!", "I like a light shoe with alot of cushioning.  These shoes are perfect!  I have worn them on training runs, alternating with a pair of Asics.  I prefer these to the Asics.  I recently wore them to a 12k run and a half marathon.  They were great!  I'm going to order at least one more pair as backup.  I would definitely recommend them to anyone who likes a light shoe.", "Typically Nike has a great running shoe and i have been wearing Air Max's forever.  The toe of the shoe is quite wide and the actual fit is on the large size. As it runs large, it is very uncomfortable to run in.", "These shoes are great.  I love the comfort from the air max pockets.  The shoe itself breathes nicely.  It is a great fit and hoding up nicely.", "I used to be a loyal Asics runner.  Then a friend lent me her Nike Lunarglides and it was love at first step.  This is my second pair and they are the perfect running shoe.  Just ran a half marathon and my feet have never felt better!  They fit true to size and have held up well even after logging a bunch of miles in all weather conditions.  Highly recommended!", "I looked around for shoes for months.  Finally found this pair and I love them!  great for running and working out", "Nice sneakers", "Nike free is a lightweight shoe that has made it's appearance in recent years and feels like you are wearing a sole, arch support and not much else.  They are now coming in many colors and not easy to find in stores so I've turned on line to find the the best choice.  Happy hunting.", "This was a Christmas gift for my son, great price and prompt delivery.Box was a little crushed, but did not affect the shoe.", "This a good investment for this shoe, but I've had them for maybe 6 months and the color has started to fade and at the front of the shoe there are creases that stay there even wean you wear them but other than that I think they are a great running shoe  I wear them almost every day except for in the winter love the colors to.", "Love the 5.0 Nike! My favorite pair of Nike shoes! They are a great fit, comfortable and very supportive! I think I will stick with the 5.0 for as long as I can.", "Looks great! I ordered a 6.5 (my usual size) and they fit perfectly, not too big, not too small. Some may want to order half a size up though.", "The feeling of the the toe box is great!I love the color and the overall fit!Super duper and great!", "I have always worn size 10 in Nikes. These seemed at least a full size too small. They're cute. I just wear them to work out in because my toes are curled up.", "all like I expected, for Nike shoes normally I need 1 size up. I would rather choose anothe color next time.", "If your looking for a deep red this shoe is not for you! The color is more of an orange. I had to not only return the order but also was required to pay for shipping!HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME. NOT", "wife says: lightweight, great arch support, wide room for toes.  now that i've run in these, i can't go back to my other running shoes.  this makes your calves work harder, but reduces strain on the knees.  relative to other shoes, there's less cushion on the heels, which make you want to land mid-foot.", "Nice big toe box and great for walking as well as running.  Nice to have a pair of LIGHT shoes that don't drag you down.", "I love these shoes! Exactly what i have bean looking for! Great for running and going to my favorite Gator football games!", "These run about a half size too small. I usually buy an 8 for running shoes. I bought an 8 in this style but it runs a little small. I'd maybe even go up a full size, unless you have a narrow foot. The toe box is very narrow.", "Both my daughters purchased a pair for soccer conditioning training and they absolutely adore these shoes. They say they are very light, comfortable and fit well.  We recommend them highly.  PS They also come in bright, fun colors!", "In stores the shoes are $100. Not sure why so high on Amazon. The shoes are perfect for those with a very high arch. Finally Nike has put out a shoe with some arch support!!! This is very comfortable and even more than Brooks. I will buy, but I will buy at a much better price than this. Giving 5 because the item is great, not so much on Amazons price.", "I love these Nike shoes. I use them on the track and they give great support for the arch of the feet. They are very lightweight. However I wish the color could be a little more vibrant, but that's just my personal taste. Great shoes!", "Bought these for my daughter at the start of school, she loves them. Everyone of her friends has been asking her where she got them! They fit great and we have already had to wash them, they did perfict!", "I just got these and they are perfect! First time running in free runs and I'm never going back to any other shoe again! True to the color and size. I love this teal color", "It didn't show sizes on the screen.I like the shoes but it also didn't tell any info on the screen.", "I liked this color and style so much when I purchased the shoes last year that I bought a second pair! Nike shoes are the running shoes that fit me the best.", "These sneakers are so comfortable ! Was skeptical cause Ive never bought Nike, but took a chance and love them ! so light weight, and comfy ! Would highly recommend ! I went up a half size cause I think Nike runs a little smaller than most !", "I like the look of this shoe, but when I tried them on they were much narrower than any other athletic shoe I've had were immediately uncomfortable.  I had to send them back due to their narrowness through the ball of the foot.", "Need insoles for support", "I love these shoes!  I have flat feet, and am always looking for comfy shoes that have a good arch support system since I stand on my feet for most of the day.  These shoes are super breathable too.  I love them and wear them almost everyday.  The colors are awesome and bright too.", "My wife Just love It, are so comfortable, pretty colors, perfect for running and GYM training. She Was looking for a kind of shoes with these colors.", "Love these shoes! My only (minimal) complaint is that the treads are wide enough that I get acorns/rocks stuck in between when I'm out running or walking my dog. Nothing to be too picky about, but never had to deal with this with a shoe before. Just makes it annoying when you can feel it with your running strike or if they get tracked into the house. Overall happy with the shoes -- very comfortable and nice options of colors offered!", "These shoes are so comfortable.  I have never worn Nike before and they have enough support to keep my feet comfortable all day.  I love the colors.  Great shipping also - arrived right on schedule!", "I bought these for light running and Body Pump classes mainly.  The toe box has a small area in the front which is thicker material which does a fair job at keeping my foot from extending too far forward during lunges etc.  Nice shoe overall.  I wear a 7.5, but normally in Nike an 8.  With this shoe I was able to stick with 7.5.  Cool colors.", "Very light weight and comfortable.  I usually purchase a 7 and these fit as expected. The colors are vibrant and fun too!", "Nike Flex 2013 is a great shoe, i love it for running. Its a prefect fit, and it moves great with my foot.", "I have issues with both of my Achilles Tendons - I don't run but walk and this is the first pair of shoes I've ever walked in and actually felt the support in my arch and not felt that really painful rub at the back of my AT that I get with other shoes that are just too stiff.  I've owned these for a few months now and walked a lot of miles in them and still love them.  I will be buying another pair for sure.", "I wear them often, they are my favorite shoes. Very comfortable and super light weight! Great looking shoes, I highly recommend them!", "its so light and comfortable!!good for working out and jogging!and design and color are awesome!!i really recommend it!Thanks!", "I first tried these shoes on at Dsw and loved how they fit my feet so I went shopping online for a better price and found them here slightly cheaper.  I normally wear an 8.5 or 9 in athletic shoes but surprisingly I felt fine in the 8.  I have wide feet but the shoe fabric hugs my feet just right, it is stretchy and flexible.  I wear them all the time from exercising to running errands so I definitely love em and would buy again.", "The running shoes was indeed a good gift for my daughter who loves to go running and trekking the New York parks and places of interest with her new husband. Great product, as always!", "My girl friend bought these for Christmas. She really likes it. Light weight, looks good on her feet. She usually does not run, but she started running now and she says that these shoes are great for running as well as walking. We cannot predict the durability of these shoes at the moment as the sole of the shoe is made from a very light material and only time will tell that.", "My wife loves these shoes.  Very comfortable and very light.  Looks awesome and feels great.Highly recommend it! For the price, very worth it!", "I love Nike I just wish they offer more wide width option in there shows. It can be a try tight fit for those with wider feet.", "These sneakers are extremely comfortable and so cute.  I keep buying more (not because they wear out, but because I love the colors).  I am totally addicted to them for working out, for just wearing every day and for long walking days when in Disney.  This is my 4th pair and considering buying a 5th pair.", "At first I ordered a half size larger (10), because Nikes usually run small, but when I got it, it was way too big. I sent it back without any issues and got the next half size down (9.5) and now it fits perfectly! Very comfortable and lightweight.", "Not only did I love the colors, but my goodness do these things feel like a blessing to the feet! I work out in these and they cushion very well and are not overly tight like the Nike Shox feel. The flexibility helps take off the pressure on my ankles. GREAT shoe.", "I am not a sneaker person. But I must say is the best sneaker I ever bought. Very light and comfortable.  I can go for miles without skipping a beat. I think I am going to buy two more pairs just in case they decided to discontinue this brand. Because every time I fall in love with a product it's sold out or no longer making it.", "Well made.  So light on my feet it feels like I'm not wearing any shoes.  Just right for everyday.  Love the color.", "This was a gift for my daughter and I've received no complaints. Based on that information, I am inclined to believe that the shoe is a great shoe. Thanks!", "I knew that Nike runs a bit small, so I ordered them a half a size bigger than what I normally wear and they are perfect! These shoes are super comfortable.", "These shoes are beautiful, light, flexible, the feet breath, very confortable, I receive a lot of compliments with the, true to size.", "These fit great and are so light!  The soles are very flexible and I didn't even need to break them in before I started wearing them to the gym.", "i absolutely love these shoes so lightweight and colorful and they dont fit tight around your toes so theres room to breath! love it", "These shoes are the most comfortable shoes  I have ever worn!! :) they are very light, stylish and soft. I recommend to everyone lookkng for a workout shoe.", "These are some of the most comfortable running shoes I have ever owned. Light weight, good ventilation, and performed beautifully on a seven mile run right out of the box-no hot spots or blisters! I like these so much I have since ordered three more.", "This shoe is super comfortable and I received many compliments on the color.I bought them for running. I run on average 10 miles a week on streets. They lasted less than 200 miles before the cushioning in the toes gave out. Now they hurt my big toe and give the next toe a bruise under the nail.", "Great shoes! Fit is just what I expected from a Nike shoe.  Colors true to ad.  Super light and good cushioning.", "These were a gift for my wife and she loves them. She says they fit great, feel great, and look great.", "These are the most comfortable running shoes I've ever purchased. I do not run but I have bilateral neuropathy in my feet. These shoes have allowed me to walk longer than I have in a while without pain.When I first put them on they felt tight & very snug but since the top & bottom portion of the shoe is &#34;flexible&#34; I decided to give them a few days & they became a perfect fit to my feet.", "Runs true to size. Nice wide toe box which I need and like. I'm not a runner, but they're great for walking and for the gym.", "These shoes are great!! Highly recommend. Very light weight and good for running gym or everyday wear. Nike stay true to word!! They run small I always get a half size up or even a full size up in nikes. These running shoes fit wide feet too. I have wide feet and the material is very flexible. I will continue to buy nikes and just remember to find ur size in this brand Cuz they do run small.. I'm very happy with these", "Fit very well, seem to be supportive and I get alot of compliments on them. This is my second pair of these in a different color.", "I love everything about these shoes!!!! Especially the color!!!! They feel great!!!! Breathable material great color!!! I've them!!!! ;) !", "Love the shoe, fit great and very comfortable.  The color is awesome and very bright just what I was looking for.  They are very light weight and barely feel like I'm wearing a shoe at all!", "I bought this shoe for my wife and his opinion was, excellent shoe, loved it, stay at home. I recommend the product and seller. Thanks for selling products of excellent quality", "I gave this 4 stars probably only because I chose this light color and they will quickly get dirtier than I would like. They are so light on my feet and yet give me the support an cushion I was hoping for.  I would buy them again - in a darker color :-)", "I highly recommend this running shoe if you are looking for lightweight, comfort and pain free this shoe is it. Take it from me I have had four foot surgeries in the past ten years either from bunions, hammer toe or calluses and my feet are always hurting and when I wore this running shoe for the first time it was heaven my feet did not hurt they are very comfortable. I normally wear a size 8 but I always get a size bigger and it fit just right. I have 5 pairs of running shoes and so far this running shoes is my favorite.", "Glad I got these! Fit is light and flexible and the shoe is functional yet trendy. Highly recommend for those with narrow feet!", "I would love this shoe if it wasn't so big! It feels more like a size 8 than a 7.5. Every other Nike I have bought I always got as a 7.5, even a version of this one but they never felt so large.", "First pair of nike's! Love just simply walking in these! So comfortable! Fits true to size for me! Great Purchase!", "Awesome pair of shoes, fit just as I expected and would recommend to anyone looking for a comfortable pair of sneakers", "Love these shoes. They look awesome and they feel great on your feet! They are very light weight.  It almost feels as if you have nothing on your feet.", "Read all the reviews and ordered my regular size.  Fit is perfect.  This is one of the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn.  Highly recommend it.", "I love the colors, the fit, and the weight of these shoes.", "They are very comfortable. I have not went running in them yet. But I love the way they feel. I would definitely buy again", "Light, comfortable and cute to boot. I mainly use these for walking and they feel great. I enjoy the light support because my feet are wide and have had side foot pain on the past.", "First off I got these in two days which was awesome! They fit perfectly...not too snug or too lose. The colors are vibrant and super cute and match my Nike workout clothes exactly.Buy these sneakers...you won't regret it!", "Great arch support, super comfortable. Lite weight. Good ventilation to toes too. Colors are too loud for my taste. But there are a few  pair with toned down colors.", "These shoes are light weight and very comfortable. The color on them is brighter in person but its really pretty.", "I love my running shoes.So comfy and stylish!!I hope to some day order more in the same style but different color.", "I have 3 pairs of these shoes and I love them.  They are wider at the toe and are super comfortable.  The only complaint I have with these shoes is when running or walking on gravel, rocks get stuck in the soles.  Other than that they are great!", "I have never had a Nike shoe, they always seemed to run small, and I never wanted to buy a 10! So, when I tried these I was shocked that a 9 fit just right. I ran in thee for the last 6 months, not everyday but, about every other day. They are worn on the inside, but not outside. the color is still very bright. I like a little more cushion, so I do use inserts with these. Still a great shoe. I probably should have traded them out a month ago. 6 mo. is too long.", "If you love your toes to have room to move around this is the shoe for you!  This shoe gives you toe space, snug on heel so your foot stays comfortably put.  I have walked in these shoes for hours so effortlessly that I now have two pairs and may buy a third.It is rare for my feet to be happy in a running/tennis shoe without them being so worn in that they are ready to be tossed.  Very satisfied.", "Have been wearing Nikes for decades. These fit and look as expected. However, the soles are very slippery--prohibitively so on a typical gym floor.", "This is my second pair - love these shoes - very comfortable. I am able to remove the insole and use my orthodic insole and also I like that they have a roomy toe box.", "I haven't purchased nike in a while.  So I wasn't sure how I was going to like these. However my son bought some for basic training and loved them. As soon as I put them on, I noticed that they were light and the foot bed was very comfortable.  I love the laces. They stay tied.", "My feet and legs never feel sore, tired, or heavy in these shoes even after a crazy busy 12-hour shift.", "I love the shoe, this sneaker is the first sneaker I have had that has felt great to put on, despite the fact that it's a narrow shoe. I know i have wide feet I have had this problem all my life. So it's great that this shoe fits me. But I can tell it would be better for me if it was a little more wide. But I would buy them again because they do fit great and it's barely noticeable at all that it's not made for a wide foot.", "i love it.. they are very confortable and ligth. i like to walk and run with them. they are very fresh.", "I love the colors and delivery was great quick. I just wish the grip on bottom was better. I have wide feet and still fit great", "I love these Nikes.  They fit wonderfully and are very light.  The price was right with this retailer too, less than the going retail price in my area.", "They're comfortable. I like the looks of my shoes. They will be used for track and hey will work really well.", "Great for bad feet.  Corns, calluses from many years of working on feet have made it difficult to find a good pair of shoes that are both comfortable and allow me to get through the day without feeling exhausted.  I actually love crocs for the same reason, but since they are considered a clog am not allowed to wear them at my current job.  These sneakers best points are their flexibility and that they are extremely lightweight but do have enough thickness in the sole to give you the stability and protection for the workplace.", "I'm not a sneakers person.  I hate big clunky ones or sneaks that have tons of crazy colors.  These were a perfect combination of light-weight and nice colors and comfortable.  Buying another pair!", "Looked great and felt even better. Fit was true to size. Bought them to run with my new dog. Would recommend them to friends.", "I love these shoes. The size was right and they feel like slippers with support,I'm trying to find this shoe in different colors. Try them.", "Perfect as usual.. A gift for my sister. Was a big hit!! Very excited and she loved the colors! Will order again", "I got these in the brave blue and they are very comfortable and great looking.  Best fit of any sneaker I have.  Normally I wear about 8.5 sometimes 9, and 8.5 fit great.", "I have a lot of foot pain and need shoes with cushioned soles, and these are great for me. I actually have two pairs now in different colors. I bought this pair because I wanted a pair without fluorescent colors all over, I changed over to black shoe laces. Love these shoes.", "Love these shoes...fit perfect not too small or too big...Just right!! Always get compliments when I wear them!!  And have already washed them once!!", "The shoes are very light and comfortable, but next time I will choose a size 7 instead. I need to move my toes inside the shoes :-)Key points: light weight and fresh for going outdoors during summer.", "Needed new shoes for exercising and these were the best ones to pick. It is very comfortable and great for running,  walking, and climbing. Love these and definitely recommend. :)", "Used to wear Nikes years ago and then the design changed and I couldn't find a pair that fit me very well.  The new Flex line is great!  I love these shoes!!  Light, so comfortable and airy!  I bought them for Jazzercise and they are wonderful.  Love the color too!  Tongue in cheek...my husband says they make my butt look smaller (people are too busy looking at my shoes so the focus is below the knee!)  Now that's an added pluse!, :)", "So comfortable. The shoe was light and cushioned. It fit loose around the wider part of my foot and snug around my narrow heel.", "I bought these shoes primarily for a week long trip to Disneyland.  I planned to wear them every day, and if you've been to Disneyland, you know that means walking and standing for hours so great shoes a a necessity.  I buy at least one new pair of Nikes every year and knew the size I wanted - Nike came through for me again with consistent sizing.  The mesh on the upper is great because it's totally flexible and breathable and when my daughter spilled her water bottle on my feet, the shoes dried with in minutes.  The cushioning wasn't overly soft - which I've found fatigues my feet after a long day - and the support was very comfortable all day.  The light weight was also a welcome change over the bulkier Sketchers Walking Shoes I choose for my previous Disneyland trip.  Now that I'm back home I wear these for running, walking and general use (lots of house cleaning).  I still love them!", "i got my girlfriend these shoes and she loved them....i would recommend getting another pair of these shoes...they are really comfortable", "My Nike&#34;s are so cute, The color are exactly than the picture and my daughter wants the same pair. Good Sale!!!!", "I've been running on these for about 2 weeks with no complaints.  They feel well-cusioned, are nicely vented, and are very flexible.  I'm an under-pronator, which leaves me vulnerable to sore knees, but these are kind to my knees.  I average about 10-12 miles a week, wear a size 9 (true to size), and have narrow feet. The fit is good.", "These fit true to size. After the first week I developed a small water blister on one of my toes but now that I've broken them in a bit I love them!  They fit true to size, and in the Arizona desert heat, they are cool and comfortable for my entire workout!", "I have previously purchased the Nike size 7 and these also fit very well. Haven't had a chance to work out in them yet but am looking forward to it. They are comfortable and so far seem to provide sufficient support.", "I bought these as a gift.  She picked them out and she loves them.  They are super cute.  Not sure why they have a specific year assigned to them (2013).  They are cute in 2014, too.", "I love my nike flex running shoes. they are the most comfortable shoes I have ever had... They take all the shock out of the stried.", "Really light weight but can't run in it. Totally no support. I tried 2 more of the other Nike light weight shoes and they also have no support..", "The shoes are very lightweight and comfortable and stylish. It does make me look short though. I like it, good buy.", "I  jog about 20 miles a week.  I ordered a larger size (by one and half) so I don&#8217;t get bruised toe nails.  These shoes are lightweight and comfortable.  The price is reasonable; they are just as good as my other more expensive running shoes.  I&#8217;ll buy it again.", "I had bought these for a nephew who had been looking for new shoes in white, he was estatic when he opened this on Christmas, he wears them and says they are comfortable.They are as described and arrived sooner than expected. Thanks", "The actual shoe is nicer than the picture.  Great color and lots of fun!  Don't want to get them dirty!", "They fit true to size and are comfortable. My only complaint is the orange color is harsh/weird. They can find me now if I ever get lost in the dark.", "I bought these for my daughter, well she wore them & they gave her bad blisters on her heels,  so I thought well they must be a lil small for her, well i decided to wear them due to we wear the same size, well i wore them to the mall to shop & i was on my feet for a hour or so & my heels started hurting bad & i had some serious bloody blisters! I was very disapointed due to i had to buy some different shoes why i was in the mall or i would have never finished, my feet hurt so bad! Sad thing these are women's running shoes & there is no way anyone could leave these on longer than a hour or even that!", "The bold coloring on these shoes is magnificent. The rise on the back on the shoe rubs my heel on the down step. Im hoping this is temporary because I love the look and they are otherwise a comfy shoe.", "just but i don't care. it is o k for the price. lorena capdevila send you a message about it", "Size runs small and shoe rubbed holes in the back of my heels when worn to the gym........OUCH!  So dissappointed, not cheap.", "A little wide for me but still love them! Bright beautiful colors! Pretty comfortable. Pretty true to size. Wear on 24hour shifts and no leg aches.", "(I bought these in store)I bought these for cross country, and since i've been running for only a year, I didn't know how to find a good quality shoe. I broke the shoes in by walking and a little bit of running, and they still don't feel very comfortable. They are quite heavy during for a 4k, so i had to wear my new balance shoes from last year. I got really bad blisters the first day wearing them. My heels were bleeding really bad by the end of practice so I stopped wearing these for about a month. They are not flexible. These are the first pair of Nikes i've purchased so i don't know how the fit is. It's easy to get blood out of the back of it, so that's a pro.", "I have worn NIKE for years and know that I usually wear a size 7. I do have a bit of a wide foot, but NIKE usually has a wide toe box so they work out well without having to go to a 7W. I have never worn anything from NIKE AIR series until I purchased this shoe. First of all, this is a very attractive shoe. I mean, it is just gorgeous. That being said, the fit is a tad more narrow that the other NIKEs I've worn. Not so much that I cant tolerate them. I am pretty sure they will relax and be fine once I have worn them a while. They are not painful...just a little more snug than I care for. If you have very sensitive tootsies, however, you may want to have this information before you order them.", "I'd bought a pair of the same style but in black, well over a year ago from a store. I run and it's difficult to find a shoe that lasts me a long time that is comfortable. I searched all over online and in stores but found nothing until I ran into this one here on Amazon. It's definitely worth the money! I've had them for probably six months and though  I've worn them well they're still in pretty good shape.", "Excellent buy! My girl is too much satisfied with the tennis. The colors and the comodity is the best.I like it!", "I tried them on and saw they both had dog hair on the inner sole.  I thought I was purchasing NEW!  Nowhere does it state that they were used", "The shoes came on time and they came undamaged. They look the same as they did in the picture and they fit great.", "My daughter wears a size 6.5 to a 7.  We ordered a 7 and she has worn them four times and each time she gets horrible blisters on her heel.  We gave them to Grandma hoping she can wear them without pain.  Her foot is a 6 or 6.5", "Light weight, look awesome. Get lots of comments about how cool they look. My daughter loves them and wears them almost everyday", "I bought these because I've started jogging and they give great support.  I love the color and get lots of compliments on them.", "I like these shoes alot. They're light, and have sufficient protection. The only downside is they fit a little small. Not much tow room, but i can work with it.", "These Nikes are so great...cute and comfortable.  I love the color and the fit.  I am a big Nike fan and these did not dissapoint.  Love them!", "I love the model, the contrast of colors and very comfortableUndoubtedly nike is nike, these shoes are too much comfortable do not tire my feet, I am fascinated by the combination of the colors", "cute and comfortable shoes, the only problem is that in wet surface they are easily slippery. also I feel them a little bit flat", "I liked these at first but it seems to me that Nike shoes may run a little smaller than my usual brand", "Very nice. really the product is such that it describes the seller. The material is strong, beautiful and durable. I recommend it to all who wish to be updated.", "I was very happy  wish there had a 7half size the 8 was little big but if anyone going to buy true to the size would buy again for my daughter . Thank you ...", "Sneakers fit true to size, good support in the arches and all around.  Very comfortable when running, I may buy a second pair to use for work since I'm on my feet all day.  Love the colors as well, great buy.  Shipping was not that great.  Slow and I had trouble getting the package delivered.  I also had issues trying to find a contact number to reach the company.  Love the sneakers, will find another company to purchase them from.", "Nike are my favorite. I love my shoes. Amazon is my favorite place to shop.I love the colors in this shoe.", "Love the shoe, had to get use to the bright color at first, everyone noticed! Being size 9 didn't help! I believe these shoes can be purchased at DSW for a little less, maybe 5.00 less, but I love Amazon!", "Nice and lightweight. Breathe really well. Great for running in the northwest where it is rainy. Would recommend to anyone.", "They are gift to one of my uncle, she really ejoy it, and we are really happy to see her happy.", "Bought for my daughter. She loves the colors and the fit. We both thought these shoes are a great product for the price!", "This is my 3rd pair of Nike Dart 10's! Love them.", "I read everyone else's reviews and they said to get a size bigger so I did and they're perfect. I'm usually a 8.5 and got a 9 and I love them. I'm a bartender and on my feet for 8 hours and these felt great. I got the orange and gray ones and got so many compliments on how cool they looked.. And the price you can't beat it! I loooove my nikes.. Great first pair :-)", "They are nice, comfortable and light. They run a bit small, so I ordered a half size up, and that worked out. Good quality for the price.", "I love this running shoe. It's true to Nike size,(they tend to run a little smaller),light weight, cool, & attractive. I had stopped working out because my feet burned in my cross-trainers. I was able to work out for 1 1/2 hours in my Nike Dart 10's with no pain or burning. I would definitely recommend this shoe.", "First I should say I only wear Nike sneakers (last pair of sneakers I had that were anything but Nike were my leather pumas way back in high school).  For me, Nike's have a consistently good fit and support.  I use these Dart 10s for a variety of activity, I wear them on the treadmill and for Body Pump, Step, Cardio Kick, and Zumba classes.  An all around good choice ... and hey probably great for running as well but that's not my thing :)", "The shoes look even better in person than in the pictures. Fit just as you'd expect, and they are very comfortable!", "Just got my shoes today and they fit perfectly,now let's see how my feet fell after my work day tomorrow while wearing them stay tuned!", "They run small....get at least a 1/2 size larger than what you normally wear. However, I do like them .", "My mom use to have problems walking in the morning from foot pain caused by not having a supportive enough shoe. However, Nike as always provides a shoe that supports and makes you feel like you are walking on air. She said that she can really feel the support and has not been having foot or back pain since using her tennis shoes. And......Delivery was fast and arrived before expected.", "great product I loved it the excellent service from you through the shoe came in good condition but not for the next send me boxed in a bag is enough", "No fit , too smallI can not use themI lost money, not  useful for meShould add complete information of the size", "Very nice shoes, just a bit tight on my feet. If you have wide feet, don't get this pair-otherwise they are awesome.", "I got these for my wife. She is very happy with them. Said they fit very well and are very comfortable.", "The shoes are very nice looking.  However, they are a bit small, which is disappointing, as I typically am able to very comfortably wear a size 9.", "You can use these shoes for anything. You can jog with it, work out with, you can even dance with it. Best of all, this is a very cute pair of shoes.", "shoe is excellent for women who work all day on their feet.  The price was right so I could not resist and buy them for her, shes so happy now!", "These Nike's are great!  They are comfortable and I like the style, exactly what I was looking for!  I ordered a half size bigger, like someone suggested. Glad I did!", "I bought these a gift for my mother. She has a bad leg and always looking for good comfy snrakers that are alao attractive so i got her these as a suprise and she loves them!!! They're very comforatble she says! I bought one size bigger than her normal size and good thing i did cause they fit just right!", "I have worn the Nike Dart 9 Running Shoes in a size 10 with no problem but the Dart 10 run small in the toe area.  Had to return them.", "Great shoes. Fit great the first time . No breaking in.", "A little too tight, I am hoping they will stretch out with use. I have not tried running with them yet because of the tight fit. So once they have been broken in,so to speak, I'll give them a running chance. To be continued.....", "they seem to run more like a small then medium width. They are nice and will require stretching to be comfortable", "I would recommend this shoe to anyone who does a lot of walking and running like I do.  It is very comfortable and has great support.  The reason I choose it first was because of the price and second because of the look but I'm glad I did choose it because it really does help with support and balance.", "I bought these for my wife. Normally when it comes to sneakers, I tend to just hit the store because you never know just how it'll fit. Nike runs notoriously small, but after reading a few reviews I found that this pair seemed to be cut to size. I showed my wife and she liked the look and once they got here and she put them on she even happier. The fit was good and she says they don't tire her feet out like other sneakers she has had in the past. The only thing she wished it had was a little more arch support, but overall it works for her.", "My foot size is 9.5-10 depending on brand; I ordered size 10.. these shoes fit great for running, very comfortable. I have yet to use them during my insanity workout, but feel for agility I should have bought 9.5 for a snugger fit.... however these shoes are exactly what I expected.", "I was expecting better quality. Size of the shoes where little bigger than  in regular department store. I kept the shoes ,but I would not buy them again.", "They were fine, did what I needed them to do. But I had to cut out some of the sole, it was hurting the side of my foot. I've had them a few months (I run and walk outside, do treadmill and elliptical inside) and they're on their way out already. The K Swiss fit me better.", "I bought this shoes for my wife,she was not happy the shoes are cheap looking not worth the price.I will return this so called Nike's", "These shoes run a little small compared to the mulitiple pairs of Nike shoes I have had in the past.  They are very lightweight.  I tried them out on a 12 hour shift and they didn't cut it.  My feet hurt by the end of the shift.  There is also a piece of material at the base of the laces that rubs on the top of my foot. I still wear them out and about, but not for long periods of time.", "Love them", "Nikes are the best all around sneakers anyways. These shoes rock. They are so comfortable, and provide great arch support, especially for people with flat feet like me. They also look great. I highly recommend them.", "Super cute but get half or a whole size larger than regular Nikes, especially the &#34;downshifter&#34;.  Really Cool looking though.", "I usually wear a size 71/2 so I expected them to fit just right, and they did, so that means they're true to size. I like the colors--gray, tourquoise, and fuschia-- which are unusual although they might not be unique. I'm looking forward to wearing them on my daily walk with our dogs.", "I'm pretty happy with the shoes, the only thing is they are tight across the top of my foot, if I loosen the laces anymore I won't be able to tie them. I have really slender feet so that surprised me.", "I enjoy the fit and feel of these Nike shoes. They are what I expect to get from the Nike company.", "They are true to size, comfortable and very light.  I have Plantar Faciitus and they worked well without inserts.  Plus, they are super cute!", "The shoes gave me a blister on my first outing. I like the shoes dispite the blister. I like the colour and the style.", "These shoes are actually a Christmas present.  I had my daughter try them on though to be sure that they fit!  I went back online and bought a pair for my younger daughter and a pair for myself!", "When I saw this shoe I knew it was for me. Couldn't find it, then one day it appeared. I love em!", "I have 4 pairs of Nikes and always wear the same size but for some odd reason these are too small. Very disappointing.", "They ran a little big but still wearable in the size I ordered. Fine for work but wouldn't wear them to workout in. Happy with the purchase.", "the shoes wasn't what i expected and the color looks faded than on the computer but theyre comfortable so i'll keep them.  thank you!", "Nike (for me) always runs a half size too small so I order a half size larger than my regular shoe size.  The half-size larger fits great and is very comfortable and lightweight with enough cushion to make running comfortable for my feet.", "These Nike Dart 10 running shoes are sooo comfortable.  I have been wearing New Balance for a while now, sorry Nike (you truly were my first love).  I forgot what I was missing until I tried these on and went for my first walk/jog.  Ohhh, so flexible and great arch support.  They are a little snug, so I believe they are true to size like others have mentioned, but you don't want them flopping on your feet when you are exercising (that causes blisters).", "The shoes are not at all comfortable, I purchased to walk in and I am not having a good walk. I will be purchasing other shoes. The arch support is poor and that is the most important part of the shoe. Unfortunately I have worn them outside so I can't return them! A lesson learned...... don't buy shoes over the internet!", "Nice and lightweight, really comfortable shoes. I think they are great shoes and will buy another pair when needed. I love the colors as well.", "Two holes developed inside the heel of these sneakers TWO months after purchase.I had assumed that Nike still made quality product.  Apparently I was wrong.  I will go back to purchasing inexpensiveshoes as even they last much longer than these did.", "I wear Nike&#34;s and really like the fit,This pair is excellent.I use them for work which is a 12+hr day.First day not one problem.Highly recommend them.Tried a lot of shoes, sneakers, including a very expensive pair of Echos which made my feet burn.These work.", "I love these sneakers.  I get a lot of compliments on them also.  They are very sturdy, comfrotable and fit true to size.  I always need a half size up from my normal shoe size in sneakers so I wear an 8.5 and they fit perfectly.", "I really liked these I added them to my collection I'm a big fan of shoes and these were very comfortable.", "The shoes are nice. I would recommend them to anyone. I wear them to work in a skilled nursing facility. They are comfortable.  They are true to size.", "The shoe is comfortable enough.  It's not my favorite Nike shoe, but it's not bad.  I had to buy a larger size in order to be able to wear my support inserts, but that's not really a big deal.", "Great product fits well. Makes my size 9 feet look neat. I am happy I made the choice to purchase that pair.  The service from tne supplier was prompt and on time.", "Very comfortable show. Great vLue for the money. Would order them again if I needed another pair. Wear them daily", "This was purchased as a gift for our niece who lives in another state. Glad to hear the size runs true. She loves them.", "I misunderstud the size chart and they didnt fit! The sneakers are so perfect i am goung to buy them again", "I love these shoes! I ordered a half size up because my toenails bruise when I wear my normal size 9 in running shoes. These shoes are comfortable to run in and the colors are bright and vibrant! I would highly recommend these!", "These arrived quickly and fit me true to size. I used them at work and didn't feel any pain after. They're light, comfortable and just look amazing. The colors have stayed bright and still look like new after 5 months of everyday wear. Would recommend to friends and family", "Awesome shoes! The first day a little right as expected but broke them in a few days. They fit great, very comfortable!", "When I buy Nike brand I know that they run small.  I generally go up a half size. Other than that I love them.", "Fit well but with the white soles, make my feet look bigger than they already are. Will be sending back and buying an all black pair.", "These sneakers are super comfortable and great to wear on long walks.  I would get them again.", "Not comfortable, I have been a Nike wearer for years, wanted a black pair, but these are tight at toes.  Only have worn them once around the house.  Unsatifsfied.", "I love these sneakers! They fit perfectly and are very comfortable. Price is also reasonable. I might buy another pair!", "Bought these because I am on my feet a lot and they are perfect. They are very comfortable and make it easy to walk around for  hours without and indication on your feet.", "A good fit and comfortable. Work out and run in these shoes comfortable with good support. Love the splash of color on the white.", "I wear a 8 1/2  and I had to get a 9 1/2 so I can have some space in my shoe. I got the 9 wide but that was too small as well. Very cute comfortable shoes. I bought the black and blue ones.", "I got these for my daughter who works long shifts on her feet.  She says they feel great and she has gotten compliments on the look of them as well so even better!", "quality is as i wanted, but the delivery is so poor, no tracking and delayed", "For the price, this is a great buy.  They fit well and are comfortable for the most part.  I have noticed that the horizontal band near the toes digs in a little bit which can be slightly uncomfortable.  Otherwise, I like them and am happy with the purchase.", "Two stripes along front of shoe are stiff and uncomfortable on toes. Otherwise, nice looking shoe. Wish I had tried these on first.", "they fit wonderfully. I love the pink details. they are very comfortable and have worn them for hours.  these are perfect", "and I can't even imagine a 12 hour shift without these. I have several pairs in different colors for whatever the scrub of the day is.", "Received the wrong size.  I requested a Man's size 10 and received a 5.  I would return it, but had it sent to an Aunt who just brought them to me 40 days later.", "I love the weight its a very light shoe, fits great and looks built to last. The colour is just as you see it and everyone asks about it.", "not original", "Good choice", "SUPER AWESOME LOOKS, SEEMS DURABLE,I USE THOSE EVERY SUNDAY AND NO COMPLAINS. THE GREEN ITS FOSFORECENT  I THINK JAJAJA OK", "I got exactly what I wanted. I'm very satisfied with this purchase, for sure I can recomend to my friends.", "I am satisfied with this product, good quality, reasonable price, fast ship goods,This goes very light shoe, in accordance with my purpose", "it was perfect I couldn't ask for anything better than this it was no problem at all in getting it and the size was perfect", "The size fit really good will last a long time it's worth it the smooth feeling and quickness of it", "It was a gift for a friend that liked this model, it fits nice. Nothin more to say about an Original Nike.", "Love the new line from Cristiano Ronaldo, nice color combination and as soon as you step on the field you get noticed. These are fast, and make my moves more impressive than before.", "When I saw these shoes I thought they were sharp and looked very nice. I bought them for a cheap price and got what I was looking for. The first touches you take with these shoes is great! Very comfortable and easy to handle. This is all around a great shoe and I highly recommend it to anyone.", "Light, good ball touch feel, and wraps your feet like a glove. I had my doubts but it was good choice.", "I bought this for my son.  He loves it.  It does not hurt his feet when he plays.He says his goal scoring has improved a lot when using this shoe.", "Nice shoe, but size runs very slightly small.  Heel is fairly stiff and needs to be broken in lest you get a nasty blister.", "Apart from being visually appealing this boot is excellent. It also has a leather finish to it which is always great.I typically purchase Nike Vapors a half size smaller because they stretch after a you wear them a good few times and then you get that perfect glove like feeling. However, during the breaking in process it is quite uncomfortable.I made the (conscious) mistake of wearing them for the first time (out of sheer excitement) in a game. The price I had to pay was a huge blister behind both of my heels. That being said I would do it all over.5 Stars.......", "I have been wearing Nike Gato shoes for soccer for several years.  Each time one wears out I buy another.  These are good quality and comfortable.  I recommend them for anyone playing soccer on a hard surface.  I even use these for tennis!", "Excelent product", "Excellent for the school because the color is black and white and he can not stop play soccer, every opportunity that he has, he is going to play with his friends. Very good quality", "really nice shoes, good to play to make fast moves and confortable to go to the college or just go out with friends", "Very nice design. It's comfortable and good control a soccer ball very well. It absolutely worth this price. love it", "I recently joined a crossfit gym and my feet were hurting with my running shoes during the workout.It was recommended to use flat bottom shoes for lifting weights. Sure for lifting weights,but what about when we run. So i went shopping and came accross these Nike Tiempo and Gato styles. And let me tell you these are the Bomb, they are my crossfit solution and if you suffer from flat feet discomfort try a pair of these tennis shoes.", "they run to small, very narrow, i usually use size 9, next time i will order 9.5", "My boys tend to have wide feet and it is very hard to find shoes to fit them.  Nike Gato's have been the staple shoe as my 10 year old grows... These shoes give him the room he needs with a higher quality than most other shoes.  Originally found them for indoor soccer, but now he wears them to school and everywhere else!  This is a nice looking pair of shoes! :D", "Picture fails to show big pink swoosh looks girly so if your a guy this is not the shoe. Other than that it's top notch.", "I am very comfortable, fantastic surface and I recommend it, the area has great ball control and great direction.my son loved it", "Good shoe for indoor soccer. Fit is narrow so if you have a wide foot, probably not the shoe for you. But it does stretch side to side (across the foot) after a week or so of wearing", "my son is complete happy with this shoes...and his friend want to buy.are comfortable and nice too see .", "A fantastic shoe.One worthy of the best player in the world.It excels in terms comfort.... feel.... and it looks bloody good!", "When i purchased this shoe I thought that the high price tag was a consecuense of the materials or technology employed in it. I thought they where mostly leather shoes with some synthetic in certain parts, but its quite the opposite, there are mostly synthetic shoes with all the problems that brings, especially durability. The shoes lose their good looks quite fast and although they are in good shape and form so far im very concerned about how much they would resist. The technology is almost not present, and that was a disappointment mostly because for this price you can buy some top end soccer shoes from other brands. I don't know if the price is high because they came fro Honk Kong.On the goods I must say is a comfortable and efficient shoe without being outstanding.", "Excellent product, as always Nike derauda not. Especially using the world's best player CR7. recommended product, good material, good colors.", "great shoe but runs a bit slim.  wore it around the house for a few days to widen it up before playing.  great feel on the ball...", "The color is much more of a vibrant orange than as shown in the photo. But these shoes are fantastic. I did not even need to &#34;break them in.&#34; Wore them the first time out and fit perfectly. I own many Nike shoes and I fit into my usual size. They also have fairly good traction for indoor turf.", "Excellent product. The shoes looks exactly as the description, and color is powerful. The shoes are very comfortable, pretty good item", "Great shoes usually get an eleven got a twelve and still a tad tight but not uncomfortable.", "The look and the feel of the shoes was great but they just didn't fit my wide foot very well.", "All the complaints here are about these shoes being narrow. Just because they don't fit your feet isn't a reason to give a low ranking! If you are going to be playing soccer in the shoes you'd better try on a few brands and price levels! I have had several pairs of Nike soccer (and other) shoes and I love the fit. I think my feet are about average width and these fit well (albeit about a quarter size up from my usual (see below), whereas I find Adidas shoes a bit wide in the forefoot area. Feels like a snug pair of slippers, good for soccer and pretty good for wearing around.Note on sizing: I am typically between an 8.5 and a 9 (US sizes) but with these shoes a 9 was perfect, whereas my new Adidas Mundial Goal are 8.5 and they are longer and wider.My only complaint is the giant white swoosh and the large NIKE lettering on the back. Those Gato II's look much better but they cost a lot more...", "The shoes are too narrow", "I have a fresh pair of Davinho's on as I write this. I played with a size 3 for an hour the other day. The touch feels great, the gum rubber is nice and grippy. A modern and Nike version of the Samba.", "I ordered these shoes slightly skeptical about the quality, look and comfort of them, and they exceeded all of my expectation. First off, the quality is great! The SL (synthetic leather) intertwined with the air vents gives really consistent control and feel for the ball during: dribbling, passing, shooting, controlling, etc. The SL provides a good grip to the ball without being to &#34;sticky&#34; on your shots but has enough slickness to do an elastico. Secondly, the shoes look much better in person than in the picture provided. My main reason I was debating to get these shoes or the Nike Gatos was by the way that these looked. In the picture, the air vents look like they were &#34;slapped&#34; unto the SL and they looked too thin from top to bottom making them look kinda feminine. I was so wrong. The air vents were neatly stitched alongside the SL, and the thickness only looks thin when brand new and not yet worn. It breaks into your foot within a few days. Lastly, these shoes fit perfectly but I had to let them break-in for a couple of weeks since I had really wide feet and these shoes run a little thin and long (I would recommend getting a half-size larger for thin-footed people). After this period of time, they fit like a glove; really comfy! To sum things up, the Nike Davinho offers an awesome all-round indoor football shoe that can be bought at an amazing price. You don't even have to use them for football; their antique-ness with a modern twist can be used for a daily walk-around shoe and make you look good! Definitely recommend to all footballers! :)", "Shoe runs a little long and narrow I had to order a half size down. Once I got the right fit the shoe is great, very comfortable, touch on the ball is consistent.", "is perfect, beautiful.. the quality is good and very confortable.. and the price is the most important.. i recomend this shoes", "This shoe is very good for walking around. It is well made as well. But when I where it, it hurts my thumb a little.", "I wear these at the gym doing cardio and go straight to the weights and have no issues. lihjt weight and comfortable", "This shoe is awesome!  I wear them playing ultimate frisbee on normal grass.  It has done very well on dry grass as well as wet grass, which is exactly what I needed.  The molds are great and provide awesome grip to the surface.  They are extremely lightweight and fit well.  I would recommend this shoe 100%!", "This was a gift, and the person loved it.Fit as expected, great quality, original product, totally new &#60;3, I really recommend this product!", "i play a lot of soccer and football so this is what i needed to get the work done thanks", "Go through 2-3 pair of shoes a year, and I saw these in a local sporting good store and liked the fit and look of the shoe. Bought for my spring season, but they held up well I will be able to use for fall.  Bonus found them on Amazon cheaper than the local store.  Can't beat the deal.", "I bought these to replace an old pair of Nike boots that were great and had lasted well. These are TERRIBLE.  Whilst the replacement size was the same, the fit is all wrong. They offer NO toe padding and are really tight, so as soon as you play your feet get bruised (one toenail has come off). They are loose round the ankle and feel really cheap. Avoid....buy a decent pair from Addidas or someone else!", "Great feel, great look. Very light and not restraining when you run. We'll see about durability though in a few weeks", "it's the shoes what i want.! lol. I do really like total 90 laser iv. but i can't find it everywhere. i really like it", "I would recommend this cleat to anyone and everyone, perfect fit and comfort at its best. By far the best I have ever worn.", "I recommend this shoes to even girls. Its so comfortable in running and has a great fit even though its for men.", "I love it, however, the material is not that strong. I just like the color because it matches the team's", "12 practices, 8 games. That's all these cleats lasted. Toe began to separate from sole after first practice. Serious separation and hole forming in toe after 3rd game. Completely unusable after just 5 1/2 weeks. My son has been playing for 13 years, he has owned dozens of cleats, and these are by far the worst ever. They have an excellent touch and no break in period, but this comes at the cost of durability. Nike cleats fit him the best, but over the last two years we have noticed a problem with toe separation in a variety of styles at every price-point from $60 to nearly $200. May have to try a different brand. Would have given 0 stars if possible.", "I loved this soccer shoes.. it is very smooth, soft and it is made by high quality materials.. nothing bad to declare!!", "My daughter wanted red leather soccer cleats at a reasonable price and we were very excited to find these. They fit great and she loved them.  Unfortunately after about a month, the plastic sole of the left shoe started to separate from the body of the shoe at the toe.  A few days later the same thing started on the right shoe. They have gotten to the point where I think they are dangerous  to play with and I am afraid she will trip on the area where the shoe is separating from the sole. A small rock got caught in that space the other day. She wants to get another pair of these but I am worried we will have the same problem. I am hoping that maybe this was just a defective pair and the next one will be ok. We have never had any other problems with Nike shoes.", "It came on time and in a perfect conditions. My son is so happy, he love it. Excellent quality. We recommend it.", "nice one and gentle so thatok ok ok my dearand continue with new shoesand thanks for u", "Good looking casual shoes... perfect size... the grey and off grey color goes good with most color clashes... strong wear and tear and has not started fading or chipping...", "I got my 5.0s after reading many reviews and trying them in the shop I knew the perfect size for me.I've been wearing those everyday when I go out, University, GYM, beach, you name it.Those didn't come with the Nike + chip though because they aren't actually Nike 5.0", "To start with, I am a big fan of free runs. This is my 5th shoes of this brand so far (all were free run 3), and I am not planning to switch to other shoes. I used that many pairs in less than one year for running long and short distances, so I appreciate a comfy shoes.Now to this really terrible pair of shoes. I usually wear 9.5-10, and reading the complains about how small is this product from other reviews I decided to go with 10.5. When I opened the box, I felt the shoes was small, but given that this is my first experience with free run 5, I thought it would get loose (this was my experience with the previous purchases anyway). Surprisingly, it was small too to make any change whatsoever. Running in this shoes for 2 weeks, and putting on it less than 50 miles, I realized it's better to toss this one in the trash if I wanted to keep running. Pay 10$ more and get your size in  the shop (even for the price I paid, I didn't have to pay anything to get a REAL 10 that fits me well. I give this piece of rubbish 2 stars &#34;for old times' sake&#34;, but you should really not consider those two stars as an endorsement for the slightest good.", "looking good, the size is great, not so comfortable but everything else is goodchachachachacha cha cha cha cha cha  420 blaze it", "I am switching from Puma to this shoe right away noticed size is a little smaller than Puma also Nike has a lot higher arches which can be a little uncomfortable with flat footed people like me hopefully once they are broken in arches won't bother me too much. Overall very nice looking shoe!", "Trying to keep up with older step-brother.  Not sure he'll get there but he's now marathon training with his 23 year old step brother.  Has a great teacher and great shoes!", "Just as comfortable as all Nike shoes with a 5.0 sole. These will turn heads everywhere you go besides just at the gym.", "SHOE RIPPED ON THE PART WHERE THE ANKLE GOES FOR NO REASON AND I DONT EVEN USE THEM RUNNING I USE THE FOR STYLE BAD STITCHING JOB", "This product can be found several other places for $15 to $20 cheaper. I thought Amazon was the least expensive place to shop. I guess not!", "Very NICE for walking, Light, Durable  and they have the Chip in them to use the Nike+ App to keep track of Distance, Duration and even Location of Your Exercise  :D", "I just bought a pair and have used the twice so thy are not totally broken in yet, and I love them.  Lots of cushion and for moves that require cuts they totally hug your feet.  I have tried others and these by far are the best yet!", "I've bought Nike Free shoes for years and these don't disappoint. From the other pairs I've owned, I'd find these to be the most durable and comfortable shoes I've purchased. I will say that these shoes run maybe a half inch smaller, which I've noticed on my size 13 feet, but after a few runs, they fit well. Another thing that kind of bothered me was the fact that the bottom of the shoe is red, the details are red...until you get to the inside of the shoe. Color me silly for not looking up the color scheme beforehand, but the &#34;neon orange&#34; inside of the shoe is a bit of an eyesore for me. Of course, it doesn't affect the performance of the shoe in the slightest, neither does it glow in the dark, but if you're one of those runners than prefer solid colors (like myself), this might take off a few points.I normally run with either thin socks or none when I wear these shoes. They feel great either way. For those of you that run cross country (XC) or anything that will put miles on your shoes faster, I'd lean toward wearing some inserts, unless you just enjoy the feel. As of right now, I haven't bought any because I've stuck to running on treadmills and short distances on concrete. Overall, these are great shoes and I love them.", "I bought these shoes for P90X and have not been disappointed.  They are super light, offer great lateral support for side to side movements, and plenty of cushioning for plyometrics and kickboxing.If you know Nike, they run narrow.", "I give these 3 and a half stars. I really wanted the vented nike's I fell in love with at the sun valley mall in Concord, California. But I bought these because I couldn't find another pair like that online until last night. I've had these shoes for about 2-3 months and they hold up ok. They are tough. But I hate that they aren't vented. I swet a lot and there are salt stains near the toe. Also some of the fabric is fraying already and for 90$ shoes that's just not acceptable. Poor build quality on these models not sure what they were really thinking.", "Worst running shoes ever purchased. Feels like I was running with rocks on my feet. They will work for everyday shoes.", "I bought the usual size but in this shoes it doesn't work. I decided to use it as a gift.", "Buy a half size up.  Nike run a bit narrow.  I wear this whenever I do HIIT and cardio.  It has the right amount of support and is very light.  I also love the color!.In a pinch...if your forget your Reebok Nano's, these will work for your WOD.", "Fit perfect after reading reviews that they ran small.  Ordered half size bigger.  Stylish and comfortable.  He wears them with jeans or nice slacks.", "These shoes rock!.  Very durable and attractive detailThis shoe set goes well with my running clothes is very durable. A little pricy but the color is fantastic!!!I like the color and shape of the product and it is great for in the 5K runs I do as well as looks good at the shooting range; color is high contrast on the black shirts/hats/coats I have.Shipping and delivery were great!", "Nike Free 5.0 EXT Men's Running Shoes 580530-431 size8.5 fThank youWas nice and I like it, thank you", "I thought I would be able to use a Nike+ chip with this model, Great shoes anyways.I just found out that Nike+ shoe styles have a '+' in the style name.", "My chiropractor recommended Nike Free knowing that I suffer from foot and back pain. I love them so much I've now bought several pair!!I found a solid black pair that look GREAT with black slacks (I have a serious foot issue so I cannot wear normal 'dress shoes') and are stylish with dark jeans.  Stylish comfort - I'm happy! They are durable shoes, no signs of wear after a few months of winter weather. The Nike Free runs small and slightly narrower than typical of most Nike shoes, a half size larger than I normally buy fit perfectly.", "They fit well because I knew what size I needed and plan on running a 5k in them this October to try them out for good", "They are not vented, not always easy to tell by the photos these days. I live in Arizona and in the summer I need to have breathable shoes. I do like the way Nike minimized gaps yet kept the sectional sole of the shoe. It makes for great flexibility and reduces the number of rocks that get stuck in the tread. They seem just a little snug and my feet get to hot in them.", "The shoes seemed to be well made, but because it was small for a \"10\", it didn't fit and I had to return it. This seems to be a common problem for apparel made in that Asian country where quality, life expectancy, and consistency in the products they manufacture is a huge problem. I learned my lesson trying to order shoes online. Never Again!!!", "Great shoes. I mainly use these on a treadmill. The shoes are flexible and have good support. I would recommend these to any one without hesitation.", "Most terrible purchase I have ever made in my life! I hate the fact that I ever even spent the money on it.!", "These shoes are a bit small about 1/2 - 1 size.  But without socks they fit just about right.  The do take some getting used to without socks, but I would recommend these.  Very stylish look.", "I love my solarSofts. They are super light! I would advise getting 1 size up. They conform to my feet. #noSocks", "Not really a typical Nike shoe. The fit is weird and the sole isn't comfortable. I might need to get a smaller size but I still don't think it will fit like I want it to. The sole is ribbed and not a soft cushioned sole.", "Extremely light, very comfortable. And how can you beat those colors? Solarsoft sole is the best available for sandals, my opinion.Nike does it again, this time covered-toe sandal style...", "Got the shoes very fast issues are really comfortable but felt a little loose on me but great running shoe very stylish nobody has them", "These shoes must be fake. They came without a sole. Had them for a few months and letterin is already coming off and stitches are coming undone. Very uncomfortable also.", "These shoes are unreal. I use them as walking around town shoes.... They dont have support, so dont try and run or hike in them. But the perfect &#34;couch shoe&#34;", "they fit exactly,probably buy more shoes like this and models,light as a feather and comfy.Your feet dont sweat in it.", "The seller is reliable to contact and to get a quick response. The product I ordered was what I was looking for, unfortunately I had to return the shoes due to the fact that it's just too small. I usually wear an 8 1/2, and ordered a size 8. I recommend to go a size up because it will run tight. I will definitely purchase this item for a 9 next time.", "If you're needing a pair of shoes around a house, especially with hardwood floors, these are your shoes!  Lightweight and easy to get around in!", "The shoes shipped quickly but were more loose than expected.  Not very comfortable to wear but they look nice on my feet.", "THE SHOE ITSELF IS COMFORTABLE, BUT AT TIMES IT GETS TO FEELING A BIT TIGHT.  I LIKE THE IDEA OF NOT HAVING A REGULAR 'TONGUE', BUT I THINK THAT IS THE REASON IT FEELS TIGHT AT TIMES.  COULD HAVE A BIT MORE 'GIVE' IN THAT AREA.  DON'T KNOW IF A HALF SIZE LARGER WOULD REMEDY THE PROBLEM WITHOUT BEING TOO BIG.  OVERALL, I AM SATISFIED WITH MY PURCHASE.", "These shoes are comfortable and they are cool!!  There aren't a lot of this type shoe in our area so it's nice to have something different.", "Daughter likes this style shoe and has run on track and on the road. Has some miles on them so we went with 4.0's for indoor season but she still occasionally wears these. They must be pretty good.", "When I wear  these shoes I feel soo comfortable . They are perfect for walk around the block or go with my son to the park", "These shoes make my daughter's feet numb every time she wears them. Of course she told me this after wearing them several times outside, so we are stuck with them.", "You can see glue at the seams, the cloth edges aren't totally finished, and the sole of the shoes looks like cheap plastic. Don't buy these!!!", "I liked this shoes! they fit me as I expected and the color of the shoes was just right.  I encourage to buy some.", "I have not taken these sneakers off since I got them.  They are light and airy and weigh next to nothing.  It's a pleasure to work out with them.  Might invest in another pair in a different color.  Satisfied.", "I love the shoes and the brand Nike Air i will like to bay again soon no complaints beri nice", "Slightly on the large side, but I like some wiggle room in my shoes, so I am very happy with the fit and the looks of it.Compared to other thongs, it is more comfortable to walk on as it has a slightly elevated bottom with a shape that fits the shape of a foot.I only wish the inner sole had some other more natural material like cotton or thin leather, rather than plastic.", "l love them they fit perfect gotta so many coments on them planning on ordering mani more n the future", "Bought for my wife for a gift and she liked them a lot but got dirty and wet pretty easy!", "These Nike flip flops r so nice n comfy I get so many compliments especially on the color I have ordered 4 of them in diff colors..these last soooo long it's worth every penny they cost!!!", "I was so happy with these shoes.  I have small feet and was so pleased these came in a size 5.  They are very comfortable and look great!", "My son uses this shoe for lacrosse instead of football.  He likes how the shoe feels sturdy and supports his ankle.  He also likes the slightly longer cleats that give him more traction.  Will buy again.", "I gave these to a student who needed shoes at Christmas time.  He loved them.  He had the white pair, and this gave him a dressier looking pair that he could wear to work.", "I really like the shoes but there a lil too small i wish i would of got them a lil bigger", "They are good looking shoes, however, I normally wear a 12 with no problem and these ran a little bit bigger.", "I had a pair like these before and their so comfortable. I love these all black forces they're good to play basket or for casual looks.", "I've bought this product for my son,who loves Nike Sport Shoes.They arrived on time and my son enjoy them very much.Love Nike!", "super nice!!!! old school..... meets the percent love them.....looking for more air force colors.. most have!! let me know...", "Nikes fit me well. These shoes are light which isnt a detrement. Fit out of the box. Have 30 miles on them and no complaints.", "the shoes were smashed down and they look liked they had been worn but i like air max 95 but i wasnt to impressed with these ones.", "I played with the shoes for about 30 minutes on wooden floors for the first time. The fit and support is great as expected - doing lateral and vertical movements. The reason I am giving this 3 stars is that the out sole is easily worn out. I even removed some rubber particles, to think that I only played 30 minutes.  I'm thinking....I can only use this shoes probably 7-10 more times and its good to go.  Not buying this again, don't waste you're money.", "Really? These shoes are Grey/Orange... I don't know what blind Nike designer typed &#34;crimson&#34; onto the label but that is not what these shoes are.Luckily orange is a color I really like anyways.", "they are good shoes that fit well and help me to keep my balance as I walk. please thank nike for making them", "As a for your information this is a UK company. Buyer beware if the package does not show up - you may not have much recourse.", "I had actually purchased these shoes from this seller. It was the only size 12 i could find at the time. I read the only other review for these so i decided to write own. The shoes arrived just as ordered, the expected delivery date was pretty far out, like over a month away, but they actually came in about 2-3 weeks. If i was looking for another pair of shoes and this store had them i would buy from them again.", "i think the fit is good, and i enjoy using them for both basketball and regular work outs/thank you much", "Good for outdoor play, fits nice and will check it on crowd play. Hope for a year it will serve well.", "I bought this shoe for my 10yr. old and was hoping the size was true. It came and I couldn't be happier with the fit. Went 1/2 size bigger since he has wide feet and they fit perfectly.", "I wear a 9.5 in every other Nike bball shoe (Jordan's and Kobe's) so that is what I ordered. I recommend ordering a half-size larger due to the fore foot being narrow. The sole is stiff, but tougher than my Jordan's and Kobe's which makes them last longer if you plan on using them on a street court. The shoe is lightweight and comfortable, remember to order a half-size larger than what you normally wear in Nike. Highly recommended for outdoor play.", "I got these and there a little hard to put on but fit perfect once there on.  Unlike some other basketball shoes I never had any blisters while breaking them in.  i would recommend this product", "I bought this shoes for my gym trainer and he looks happy with it . he says its perfect fit .", "MY SON IS REALLY ENJOYING HIS SHOES HE LIKES THEM AND THEY FEEL GOOD ON HIS FEET .THE COLOR WAS NICE AS WELL AS THE PRICE", "From the time I saw my New Nike Air Max ,I felt great,the color is awesome,it fit very comfortable. Thank you.", "My son tried these sneakers on in a different color in a shoe store, so we knew the correct size to order.  The colors are as pictured.", "I expected them to be normal basketball shoes, but on the side it says &#34;for outdoor use&#34;. they are really great shoes but I didn't know they were outdoor shoes.", "nice shoes, good performance, and nice air max tech. But little uncomfortable for the feet, but after all, it's a good shoe.", "My son will likely outgrow these by the end of the summer, but these shoes are well worth the price for an active 13 year old.  There are other more expensive models of this shoe, but he really found these model to fit and feel best.  Great buy for a great product.", "excellent shoes, very nice and durable. are ideal for outdoor play.", "Fit perfect. Came just as described.  I decided to get these shoes on Amazon because they were cheaper then all the stores in my area. My Nikes came really fast and as pictured.", "Good shoe for the money, but the sizing is much smaller than I expected for a Nike. It's almost too tight to wear.", "I purchased these for my 9th grader who loves shoes/sneakers. She loved the bright yellow color  and the fit of the shoe.", "Fits my feet perfectly. A lot of cushion and support which is good for heel and ankle protection. It does add an inch and half to height which may affect stability. Shoes a little heavier than other higher end Nike air shoes but barely noticeable. Cool design if you're into the fashion aspect of it.Good for people who need strong ankle and heel support.  Price within the $60 range so it's affordable for someone who needs dependable baller shoe but doesn't want to shell out for higher end brands.Not good for people who want a lightweight shoe.", "As we wanted. Very good product, quality and Price.I look forward to buying more of these products, thanks you for help me", "These arent your traditional nike shoes. They have a tighter fit, not smaller just tighter which is correct for the correct application. Good snug fit wont let your feet slide inside which is good support for my functional gym training since Im moving a lot in all directions. Lightweight and flexible. Looks good.", "This Nike Free Trainer is the most comfortable training shoe I have ever worn.Once on they fit like they were molded to my foot.I have since purchased a second pair and will purchase more.", "Bought these to for running.  I have now upgraded to a new pair and wear these casually.  They are lightweight and extremely comfortable.  They don't have a tongue which is freakin' awesome!", "the size i brought fit to a tee.  i brought them for work to walk around in and i felt like i was walking on air.", "really very nice shoes, to the point that it can be used both men and women without any problems thanks", "I was attracted to these Nike cross trainers because of the styling and colour. They do fit a bit close for a  pair of size 12 shoes, something which other reviewers elsewhere have also mentioned.  A half-size (12.5) would have fit much better", "The shoe wonderful and very light and shape of a very special and exciting attentionIn fact love it so muchThank you", "I love the fit. Didn't know that the front of the shoe was reflective. But all in all, great sneaker.", "Good shoe comfortable runs a bit small.  They are reflective top which isn't bad and grippy so good for most night running.", "If you are into cross fit or any other type of exercise, this is what you need to have. it's light, and durable, it will last you for long time. I LOVE IT! and i would recommend to every one. you will not regret it. great price for a great quality.Thank you!", "I love these shoes. They are however very tight and if I could go back I would have gotten half a size bigger. My Nike free run 4.0 were tight at 10.5 and somehow these are even tighter. Regardless they feel awesome and offer a lot of stability for quick movements. They also feel durable and built to last.", "reliable sellerfootwear is as expectedexcellent customer responseVery comfortable shoesvery light and softthe color is more fluor than i spect but is greate", "Best shoes I've squatted heavy in that arent lifting shoes. Excellent stability for running through terrain as well. Fit as expected", "These shoes look and feel great! My wife bought me these shoes as a gift, and was amazed at how comfortable they were. No breaking in required.", "I bought these shoes for my son and I wish I could steal them from him.  So comfy and cool looking.", "The shoe is comfortable and light weight. Its great for cross-training or hitting the gym.Be sure to get 1/2 size bigger because if you look at the picture really good, you'll notice it is a slip on shoe. It was really tight around the ankles but after a couple days in the gym, it &#34;stretched&#34; out good.", "Very comfortable.  Two of my sons got this shoe, just in different colors .  You need to order a half size up from normal size.  Four stars because one day of throwing the baseball, and the front surface of one shoe was getting rubbed off a bit from  &#34;pitcher's toe.&#34;  Nice looking shoe.", "I love them I get a lot of compliments on them I wear them for work there so comfortable love it", "Great shoe, but too small. I should have ordered a size larger. Had to return.  Love the tongue less design.", "They feel like I'm wearing slippers. I use them for resistance and cardio and can't complain. They may not be ideal if you are doing heavy squats or deadlifts but for everything else the are great.", "Great running shoe, great for just walking around, fit is a little tight in the width but I still would recommend", "These are my new favorite workout show! Lightweight & great support. Also shoes really are cool looking. Great for street running or the gym.", "These are great shoes for &#34;movement&#34; exercises. My foot is allowed to flex in its' natural way as opposed to being limited by stiffer shoes.  The fit is intentionally snug so that the shoes work in exact motion with the foot.  Great buy - I wish I'd had htem sooner.", "Nothing against the shoe, but I personally will change the insoles&#8230;I think they would kill my feet standing in these too long!", "These were a Christmas gift for my son. They are true to size and look great. He selected them, and was very pleased when he actually got them.", "I have had several pairs of Nike Free's before, and all were very comfortable.  I am normally somewhere between a 12 and a 13.  My earlier versions were a 13 so that's what I purchased.  My toes are right up against the end, and they are very uncomfortable to walk in, let alone run.  I also don't care for not having a tongue.  Overall, I hate the fit, and will not wear these shoes.", "I already have these in black/red but love them so much I sprung for this color as well.  Best...shoes...ever!  Don't know about others but I wear 1/2 size larger in these than most other shoes.  They seem to run a tad small so you may wanna try on a pair at a foot locker somewhere before committing to them online", "Great fitting and exactly what the picture shows!", "Bought these because was having trouble and foot discomfort with all the lateral movements in Beachbody workout programs.  These solved those problems and are a great training shoe with multi-directional support and tremendous flexibility.  Like other reviewers, these shoes run small so buy at least a half size up.  Also, although I like the bold look of neon yellow on black, but my teenagers refuse to let me wear them outside the house because they think I'll look really dorky.  Fortunately, the exercise routine I use them for hasn't made me have to cross that bridge yet.  In summary, a good, solid, tight fitting training shoe that has all the features I was looking for.", "They it great.  They look cool.  Shipping as awesome.  I love Nike and the new styles they bring to the table", "this is a very comfortable shoe. very lightweight and comfortable feels like you're just wearing socks you should try a pair", "I picked up these shoes before and I ordered size 10.5 but I had to send them back from another site.I wanted to get a size bigger but they had no 11.5\"s I picked these up from amazon.Quick shipping and they feel great.If you buy these shoes I would tell you to get 1 size bigger.", "I love these!!  They are the best fitting shoe. While I'm not training in them, I am on my feet all day! Super comfortable, lightweight, and fits like a shoe should.", "Very comfortable &#34;sock fit&#34; shoe. Great breathability. Not much support for pro or super nators, but that can be expected.", "Excellent running shoes. They'r great, comfprtable and they fir perfect. It says that they are for training but you can use them for training or even racing (when you compete).", "I did like them, but the instep was too tight, this is why I already bouth 9.5 I hope this ones will fit me well.", "shoes are  very nice .my size is 11US but they fit just little be tight i hope with the time they will give me the full confort the i was looking for. anyway shoes are once again very nice in all details.thank you", "the shoe feels great , once you get your foot past the tongueless top they fit like a glove .", "Worst shoes i have ever gotten..it caused me sever pain every time i take a long walk with them they fit bad and they cause me alot of pain .. they were supposed to be making me feel comfortable with long standing or long walks but instead i have to stop and take them off couple of times a day to actually feel comfortable.", "I brought these for my brother to work out at the gym. My bro is a big heavy guy about 295. Lb 6'1. So of course it's ganna be snugs . Great for working out", "I'm not really a runner. But walk for maintenance. Definitely a better fit. Makes me want to run again as it does not have a high heel and very light. Well worth.", "Very comfortable and nice looking. Once I got these I felt a need to start running which is one of my newly acquired passions, you must try these out!", "Did't have a chance to try them because they were too small. However, they were every light weight and cool.", "My son found these locally, and loved them.  My husband really liked them, so I had to order him some.  The price here was the same as local, but I did get free shipping via Amazon Prime.  Great shoe.  They both said the fit is amazingly comfortable, and may look for a 2nd pair.  Color is sweet!", "Shoes are comfortable and great for gym workouts. I use them for P90 x and T25.  I tried them once jogging for 35' but the heels are hard and would be nice to have more cushion.", "LIKE THE COLOR  AND VERY FAST SHIPPING.... LOVE IT. MY SIZE IS 8.5  I WILL EXCHANGE IT TO SIZE 9 CAUSE IT RUN SMALL. MANY THANKS TO THE SALLER....HOPE TO CONSIDER MY REQUEST", "My son wears a size 14 and we can never buy shoes for him locally. He loves Nike and has worn this shoe before. Perfect fit and design. Would recommend.", "The shoes fit my son perfectly and are very vivid in color.  What he especially likes is the fact that these shoes do not have a detached tongue so it never gets crooked.", "I recently purchased a pair of these shoes.  The shoes have a snug fit but, because of design, are a little hard to put on.  The shoe is essentially a soft slipper which is anchored inside a flexible shell with a tough tread.  All of this is good.  The problem for me is that this is a slip-on shoe with shoelaces, meaning there is no tongue or flap on top to loosen the shoe so you can stick your feet in.  You almost need a shoe horn for an athletic shoe, which is a little weird.Overall, it is a nice product.  But design modifications are required to make it easier to put on.  Nike must make a decision:  Is this a slip-on or lace-up product?  In my opinion, it can't be both.", "Son is a NIKE collector and loved these shoes for his birthday.  Very lightweight and breathable fabric.  His go to shoe on a daily basis.", "Lightweight, stable, comfortable. Exactly what I wanted and expected. Highly recommended. They are kind of tough to get on the first couple times until you get used to the fact that there's no tongue, but it doesn't take long to get used to.", "These shoes are honestly the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn. I read that these shoes were made to fit like a sock, and they definitely do. It almost feels as if you aren't even wearing shoes. Not only that but I have never experienced flexibility in a shoe like these have. I use them for weightlifting in the gym as well as cardio and running, and they are excellent training shoes. Would recommend them to anyone.", "Received the shoe very quickly from the seller.  The show runs a bit small and was a tight fit when I tried it on. I contacted the seller who promptly allow me to return then for a larger size. loved the shoe but I suggest ordering one size larger than your usual size", "These shoes are the best training shoes I've had. They offer great support for strenuous workouts, and are also very comfortable for an everyday wear.", "Nike trainers are always so comfortable for me. Colour may bebetter with less striking laces. Maybe in white or matching green", "there was some manufacture defect, both shoos R and L and two pairs that I ordered had thick elevation on inner side of the hill. I was uncomfortable.", "This Nike shoe is lite and wears well. The color is eye catching and this shoe is good for walking and is easy to wear.", "I didn't see a whole lot of reviews on here so I took a chance when ordering. I'm a first time runner trying to get in shape and I bought these Nike's, a pair of Merrell's Barefoot and Puma's in the same order. The other shoes are cool, BUT THESE ARE THE ISH! They are good for training and running. Lightweight, fexable and still gives you great support. Perfect for those who train at dead lifting, barbell squatting and even light kickboxing. 2 thumbs up for sure! And, all the haters at the gym had that &#34;Daaaaang, I can see her shoes from the car&#34; look on their faces. They are super chic!Hope this helps!P.S. Good for feet that pronate ... like mines.", "Love love this shoe!  Fit is perfect.  I do not use socks so not sure if would be too tight if socks were worn.  Love the electric color and good arch support light shoe.  Great for the gym highly recommend.", "I am in love with them! The color is beautiful and the fit is perfect, definitely an eye catcher at the gym. They are very comfortable and flexible, I cannot be happier with my buy. Thank you so much.", "it is very fit for me. and it looks so nice as well. I like it very much. it worth having", "Finally, a pair of yoga shoes that are cute as well as functional. I loved using them in yoga class and in the case that you are off the mat, they really help you to keep your grip. They definitely improved my yoga experience!As far as dance goes, I used them for a modern class and they were equally awesome. Basically, these are great for performance and I think they fit well, true to size. They are worth it for sure. I love these shoes and I will definitely be wearing them for a long time!", "I really like these. I know they're expensive, probably too much so, but I really enjoy these. Great option for yoga and other studio sports! My only complaint is the flats, they slip off easy.", "These shoes are great! I was unsure about the wrap around the ankle, but it really helps the shoe stay on my heel (and it's really cute)! I'm recommending these to all of my workout friends!", "These Dual Fusions are the most comfortable sneakers I've ever owned! Light weight, hug my feet but don't rub anywhere. Love them!", "good quality and very comfortable could last all day with them recommend arrived perfectly without any details... worth it thx", "The shoe's memory foam sock liner makes this a very comfortable shoe. The tongue of the shoe is attached so I don't have problems with the tongue slipping to the side uncomfortably. So far I like it for running, but if you need a shoe to help lessen the impact then you need more cushion than the sock liner provides. If you are a casual runner or just need a good tennis shoe for light work-outs this one is great!", "Love the fit.  Memory foam and tongue less style requires no socks and is so comfortable.  These are all around great trainers and I wear them for anything and everything.  Was happy to find in my size and they fit exactly like first pair.", "Very good product. Soft, comfy and bright. As Good as I expected :) very happy customer. I already use them to run and were more comfortable than my old nikes too :-)", "Purchased for my wife - lightweight, look good, fit well and comfortable. Color is not exactly what is seen on the description photos (close though), she would have preferred a black color hence the 4-star rating instead of 5 stars.", "I was surprised to find that the tongue on this sneaker is attached all around to the inner part of the shoe. There is no separation between them, making loosening the shoe to get it on a bit difficult. Once on, it fits well and is a very comfortable running shoe. The colors are very bright and vibrant and true to the picture. It turquoise blue there is no violet as the name implies.", "I do not like this review system.  I have nothing to say about this shoe.  Ordering it was a huge mistake.", "Fits me great, I love Nike and all their products. all the other ladies in Zumba class asked me where I got them.  I said to go to Amazon online, they have everything.", "The colors are as expected!! They feet great, very comfortable. I highly recommend them. Love the neon colors. The price is perfect for such great sneakers", "This shoe is a very nice and good looking shoe - very comfortable and all.  However, I ordered a 9.5 and received a size 10, went on vacation with them and didn't notice they were a little big until I had worn them.  I couldn't return them after I'd worn them.  Bummer!!", "I purchased this exact shoe recently and love the comfort and style! I've been running in them and normally, my toes start numbing up after a few miles and with these, NEVER! I had some inserts made last year and popped them in the shoe for additional arch support. Very nice shoe!I like the color design - I did change the shoelaces to black.", "Love the color", "The shoes I received are nowhere near what is pictured. Instead of being yellow and light grey, they are neon and dark grey with green/yellow splotches all over them.", "I love the color of the shoes and I get compliments from everyone that sees them. My only drawback is that the shoes fit me a little wide and a little big but they are very comfortable and I use them for the and sometimes for my job in retail.", "Ordered the shoes went on vacation for two weeks got home and shoes were to small I tried to make them work but still to small.", "The product is as described and fits to size, I haven't use them yet but I tried them and they're really comfy!", "Everything about this shoe is exactly what I was looking for. Lightweight, great arch, comfortable. Great for walking, riding my upright bike, etc. The size advertised fit just like expected.", "The Nike Women's Cheer Compete white training shoe is very nice.The fit is good and I like the ventilation it gives me. I use them for walking.", "I like this sneaker. I think that the memory foam is very supportive and it feels like my foot is wrapped in comfort. I would buy again.", "So I have pretty much always used Nike shoes for cross-training. This shoe is awesome. It is very light weight and helps with my shin splints that seem to re-occur. I haven't had them since I started training in these shoes. The colors are bright and they came with an extra set of pink shoelaces...a nice little surprise! The price is more than right, as these shoes typically retail from $80 - $100. Great purchase.", "I workout at the gym 4 days a week and needed a pair of low cost trainers that were light, comfortable and provided support. The Nike Flex Trainer 3 did not disappoint. I have used it for a week now and have no complaints! Love the colors and it's true to size.", "Great for fitness, light, comfortable, just a little bit large, but not an issue when doing exercise. Nice bright colors!", "Monkey Red Kicks , love and they match perfectly with all my red tss, quality seems legit, I have heard a lot of bad reviews about buying sneakers on Amazon and I asked the seller if they were authentic. I guess time will tell but all the tags are on here.", "It's a great shoe and is very comfortable the only problem is that they easily get dirty and dusty. other than that I would highly recommend it.", "Beast! They fit perfectly and they came on time I love wearing them even when I'm not on the basketball court!", "LOVE LOVE LOVE the color of these shoes! Very light weight, somewhat large in fit, may want to size down a half size, but overall very comfy! I would recommend this item to anyone! I may just purchase another pair!", "AFTER GOING OVER SEVERAL OPTIONS...FINALLY PICK THIS NIKE MODEL....I CONFIRMED THAT WAS THE BEST OPTION...EXCELENTE CHOICE...LIGHT WEIGHT...NICE COLORS...I DEFINATELY RECOMEND THIS PRODUCT WHILE IT LASTS.", "They fit really well and are very comfortable for walking. They look great and come with an extra pair of neon green laces. I got them in a size 8 and i will be looking for them in different colors!", "these are great kicks they pop great eye catcher def recommend them. not so much for sports thoug there kinda bulky but just right for chillen", "Too narrow near front of shoe; toes cramped. Need to return item maybe longer size will fit, but length seems ok.", "I bought these cause i like Nike and saw these and thought how kool they looked and had to have them. So i orderard them in the size that i thought would fit. But when i got them then put them on. They were slightly to big and stiff for me. So not being too happy about it... Thats  when i remembered that my older Brothers B-Day was coming up soon and he has a little bigger foot than me.So i turned a -Negative into a +Positive. And gave my brother a great gift for his B-Day.. They fit him fine he likes them..He was needing a new pair anyways..  :-)Oh i wear a size 10 to a size 10 1/2 depending on the style N type of shoe..and the pair here was a 10 1/2...", "I bought thes shoes for my sons birthday and the 3rd day he had them the toe riped out and the shoes was no good I never had a problem with nike shoes and have been wearing them myself most my life and same as my kids I will not be buying them again for my family off this sit!!", "coordinates well with my workout outfits.  And really like the Nike brand shoes.  I have several different colors to go with everything.", "This item I gave it to my friend as a gift", "Great pair of shoes no complaints I love the shoes they do just what I need. Use for workout. Okay!", "When I first put them on they were so comfortable.  I went on a walk about 5 minutes later and the right shoe was hurting my foot a little but I was speed walking and I figured they just had to be broken in.  I was right!  Couldn't be happier.  Buying nothing but Nikes from now on.  O and I wear a size 9 but had to get them in a 9.5.", "Very lightweight and comfortable shows. Have pretty good support too.  Breathe well and have nice cushion.  Might be a little loose in heel for some folks.  Very flexible soles and good traction.", "I was disappointed because I was sent the wrong shoe in the right box. Completely different shoe and color! But they are comfortable so I kept them. Still need a black shoe, I will get them somewhere else this time. Usually very happy with Amazon, this time was disappointed in the quality control.", "I like that these shoes can be thrown in the washer and come out like new.  I wear them to walk my dogs and love the light weight feel and comfort.", "These are sooooo comfortable.  I used them for walking and I can say with all the sneakers I have tried these are my favorite.  Will buy another pair", "The most comfortable running shoes ever! I love them and they look good too! The size was perfect and super comfortable!", "i got the shoes and they're the size and stlye but i ordered platium / black but they came in white/black. but i like the white its more professional for and vlounteering.", "I bought these for my daughter whose uniform requires black and white shoes.  They fit great, are light on the feet, and she has not complained once about her feet hurting after PE or volleyball practice, like she did with her previous Reeboks", "Bought these for my daughter for her summer job which she spends eight hours a day on her feet.  Very lightweight with a lot of support.  She said these have really helped her feet after spending all day on her feet at our local grocery.  They come with both black and white laces you can put in which ever color you prefer and it also gives you a backup.  Paid much less than we could get at any local store.", "This is my 2nd pair of flex 3. My first pair is about 3 years old, still in great condition.  I just wanted a new pair. They are so comfortable and light.  I can work out in them or just wear casually.  Order your normal size, they will fit perfectly.", "These are very cute, sort of wide in the toe area, not as tapered as the free run style. I use them for working out since they are comfortable.", "These shoes are great for running! I have Flat feet and running usually hurts but with these my arches don't hurt anymore! I love them so much! And I love that they came with black shoes laces AND with a white set as well!", "Perfect fit! Comfortable!", "Shoes were as described, and my wife was happy with them!", "These shoes are so lightweight, I love that. They fit true to size. I have shoes that offer more arch and overall support but I like these for comfort and traction.", "Fast delivery and the shoes were packaged neatly. So damage or harm done to the product. I love my shoes. I wear a 9 but the shoes makes my foot look like a six. They are very comfortable also", "These were a gift. My granddaughter was pleased.  These were the second pair I had gotten her. Had to take the first pair back which were a different brand.", "Could've gone down a .5 or 1/2 a size.  Other wise they are light as a feather, perfect for training.", "They don't have the flexibility or give in the right spots for my feet.  I ended up giving them to my daughter who seems to really like them, however I'm not sure that they are as nice to work in in her waitress job.", "Shoe arrived in two days and were the right size and color.", "Very light, soft and comfortable shoes. All kids from school using  them for yoga classes.Just don't know why the shoe soles rubs off very quickly?", "I love these. Unfortunately they sent me the wrong size ... But resolved the problem right away:) I needed the extra 1/2 size up for my orthotic. So I tried them on without it and they are comply & cute:)", "I bought these because of the color and style but, I love the fit of these shoes. By far one of my most comfortable pair of shoes owned. Normally Nikes have fit a little snug but, these are a true fit to my size 8 foot.", "No tired,achy feet for me.Did not have to break in this pair of shoes, comfortable, great shoe. I would recommend this shoe to others. True to size.Cleans easily.", "My daughter wears Nike a lot because the wider toebox is a good fit for her. However, these were tighter fitting and although she could have worn them with just socks for a &#34;perfect&#34; fit, they were too tight with her ankle braces.", "that I wasn't expecting, they did show up earlier than expected though, I will keep because I only bought them for work not to wear out and about.", "the one size is a womens small foot size.ridiculous.a total waste of my time and money.the end", "The socks fit well and are very comfortable.  Good to run and work out in aswell.  Love the Nike Elite Socks.", "I ordered this product at the beginning of December as a gift for my niece and I was told I would have it the week before Christmas.  I did not get them and called to inquire on Dec. 24th and was told they would be shipped again at no cost.  I still do not have the darn things so am giving up!", "My 14-year old loves these shoes.  He saves for special outings.  He actually keeps them clean and he doesn't keep anything clean!", "They look great! So many compliments! They are a great value at the price I got them, have yet to see anyone else in NY with these particular ones!", "I will recommend this unit everyone is a nice comfortable shoe is well worth it to everyone try it nice and comfortable", "I have wide feet so I was worried these wouldn't fit.  Not only did they fit great, but they're really comfortable.  The seller was great to shipped product quickly.", "comfortable and supportive.  flywires give the heels a more snug feel, but not in a bad way. mesh is slightly reflective.", "Great summer shoe. Not really for running. Fits true to size but is also a soft mesh so there's some give.Very happy with them", "I am size 10 and these feel like size 12, but they do look really good, good for pretty much anything whether its running, gym or just walking", "This are nice shoes but beware they runbig we had to return them but they arevery nice will be buying morenice shoes", "comfortable and supportive; swapped the crimson laces for black.  flywires give the heels a more snug feel, but not in a bad way.", "comfortable and supportive; flywires give the heels a more snug feel, but not in a bad way.  this blue really pops, i love it.", "Bought these for my son.  They are well made and he says that they are quite comfortable.  He's very happy with them.", "like the model a lot hard to find in shops strong leather good fit casual style for every day , thank you", "Hi guys!I am very happy!This product is very good.It fit as I expected and it is very comfortable.Thank you very much!Charlie.", "Satisfied with the shoes", "Like this sneaker. Fits well, very light and overall comfortable. Very stylish as well, get lots of compliments for these sneakers", "This shoe endures for a very long time. Easy to clean as we'll.", "-----The Good Stuff------great ventilation and cushioning-lightweight impact protection-really versatile shoe, can wear with almost anything-offers breathability-full mesh upper and phylon midsole-has a cushioned collar for protection around ankle-rubber waffle outsole for traction-lots of cool-----The Not So Good Stuff------they run just a little bit big with the size-not too great for running, feels kind of big-----Other Comments------these shoes are really stylish-one of the most comfortable nike shoes I have worn-great variety of designs", "Shipped this one to my son in Italy.  He loved the light-weight and the comfortable fit. Great  colorful, sight-seeing shoe!", "Good looking shoe, especially for wearing shorts in the summer.But these are so uncomfortable and the construction is weak.  The outer rim near the opening below the anke fold out with every footstep.  I've tried multiple insoles to make up for the poor support and sole construction, but even the customized $60 Dr. Soles don't help.The only Nike shoe I wish I hadn't purchased.", "As my husband is deploying soon he needed new shower shoes, ones that would not easily be picked off while down range. I came across these shoes that could very well be spotted in the worst sand storm, just what the hubs wanted. The band on the top of the foot is a little tight and needs to be work in, but that goes for any shoe. We ordered on the 1st and recieved on the 6th.Happy with this purchase", "Unfortunately they are coming unglued where the top meets the bottom...I hope it is just a fluke.  Nike usually produces a good product.", "they were for my son , and he likes them a lot, he says they are confortable. And best of all they were at a great price", "I love the shoe, and the colors are great, but it fits a bit more snug in the toe area than my other shoes that are the same type.", "I was looking for the grey color, but when my son saw the blue version, he didn't think twice..It was a great buy, this sneaker is very comfortable and has a great quality! I always liked Nike shoes and this one didn't disappointed us!! Very happy!", "Just love them. I recommend it. And Nike does it again, super comfortable and slick kicks.Perfect fit, and stylish too", "Great for Cardio Blast and balancing.  Wide stance help with balancing and extremely comfortable fit and finish. Great for workouts.", "Nike makes quality products and these shoes are no different, would buy again. Wish I could get a narrow size", "Color is more pink than &#34;atomic red&#34;.  Comfortable though.  Price was good enough to entice the buy but wish the color explanation was more accurate.", "I got these running shoes for my husband.  He likes them very much, but the stitching is coming loose and he has only had them for  about 2 months.", "Very Comfortable And They Don't Make Your FeeT Your Hot. Good For  Walking It Running. They dont Have Your Feet Hurting When I Break Them in", "I bought this shoes for my friend he loved it, it is confortable and nice, I can recommend it for any person", "i have always liked nike training shoes primarily becauase of their awesome design and function. this pair is very comfortable and provides great protection for my ankles while running. great buy.", "These are great cross trainers. I wouldn't recommend them for running on a regular basis but you could if you wanted to. Nikes always run thinner and fit my feet perfectly. I haven't had any trouble with durability yet. Awesome shoe overall.", "language is a delicate material, is the only thing that I liked the shoe, but they are comfortable, lightweight and offer good grip on smooth terrain. kla size is a bit small so I recommend ordering a half size higher", "While this sneakers has a snug fit and is compact, the major issue is that the material on the sole when wet is very slippery. Whether indoors in the gym on the floor type material, with sweat, makes this sneakers a hazard.", "this nike shoes are very comfortable, but get dirty very easy", "These water shoes are both stylish and comfortable. They are good for low impact activities but when I climbed a waterfall and plunged into water the front part came off several times. Besides that they were useful and dried quickly.", "shoes  for my 10th grade son he seems very happy with the shoes., thats what im looking for.thank you very much", "These were on my grandson's wish list and did not disappoint.  Lasted quite a bit longer than I thought they would as he would not take them off.  He has already bought another pair.  It is so gratifying when something works!!!!", "i had picked these up for my sister so she can give em to her bf for gift and he loves em", "Absolutely love the shoes! I'm surprised they were a bit smaller than some NIKE'S, but they still work.  Maybe my foot's still growing at 32", "I ordered these Nike Men's Dunk High Basketball Shoe for my son, and he really loves the shoes. Great deal!", "I bought these shoes for my wife.  They were difficult to find any where other than amazon so they were quite expensive and had to come from a foreign land so it took for ever.", "I am on my feet all day and love these shoes, plus they are very stylish! I wear a size 8 and that's what I ordered, perfect fit and very comfy!", "It is what it says in the description of the product and it arrived perfectly on time. You can buy it with no doubt.", "I would recommend these shoes - a great value and excellent shoes.  This is the second pair I bought - the first I bought at a shoe store and paid much more.  These fit well and seem to support my ankles and knees well.", "Well..........................it is not only everyone seems to looking at you, but feels GREAT. It is so comfortable, like it was made for my foot! I knew his would be a great shoe, but exceeded my already high expectation. Only can recommend.", "Perfect shoe and finally a shoe that fits me being in Hawaii there really isn't much of a choice or variety of size 14 shoes especially slip on to run into this product was pure luck due to it constantly being out of stock when it came to my size and i can say the wait was well worth it", "He had seen these shoes a while back and sent me the link as part of his Christmas want list. He's 30 and he loves them!", "I bought these for my 6 week cruise around the world. They were dressy enough to wear with a jacket to dinner, light and comfortable enough to do some major touring while in port and also comfortable enough to use when I went to the gym. They were perfect", "great shoes i've only worn them a couple of times because im wanting to take care of these pairs and since the weather has been crap lately i havent gotten to actually enjoy them but the next week is suppose to be really nice so i will be wearing them.", "Bought these shoes for my boyfriend and he loved them! Super clean and fits perfectly! Came as soon as possible!", "This is a genuine Nike shoe and is great quality.  I buy this style for my husband every year, and this year he said these are slightly different, its a little bit cooler because it has the mesh part in the middle.", "Theese are exactly what I expected from nike, I love to buy nike items as they as they fit my foot like they were made for me.", "This is great shoe design looks great.  However the comfort of the sole is aweful.  Nike can do way better with sole comfort, and they missed the mark by a train length on this one.", "i bought an extra pair the day they came.  i loved them so much.  never wore a shoe so comfortable and also ones that look as badass as these do.  great looking and the ladies always compliment them.", "I've taken these for jogs - I actually have the black as well as the navy blue versions of the same size, and they both fit me fine even though I have wide feet.  They are comfortable enough for walking, jogging, or running.  So far, they've held up fine, and since they have a mesh on top, they're great for summer time wear since they keep the feet cool.", "amazing shoes, not heavy, not give heat, are super comfortable Nike gives everything on these shoes are much grip and control on the trot, remember to order half size up for better comfort", "Great looking shoe for an even better price.  Shoes are very comfortable and did I mention they look great.  A must have.", "I purchased these as a birthday gift for my husband. He LOVES them and wears them every chance he can. He said the fit is great, very comfortable.The seller is wonderful. Shipping was very fast.", "I bought them for my birthday and I was very pleased once I wore them thanks I will continue my business with you", "Great product I'm satisfied with the shoes they are very comfortable and I truly would like to thank you all!!", "Hello,I had to return this item as it wasn't as expected at all. I was really disappointed especially after anxiously awaiting the shoes plus all the hassles of the return. My experience was not the best.Thanks", "Excellent article, I arrive on time, recommended to have more variety in sizes. I am very satisfied and would recommend to my friends to buy in your store", "fue un producto en perfectas condicion, el envio fue como lo acordado y estoy muy satisfecho con los zapatos, es muy bueno comprar con ustedes", "hey dear my name is hattim and iam contact with u more than 6 month because this item that u shiped to him you must be sure when u delivered the item 68844412 did u sure that right adress and how but my right sp 688144412 that very very very problem about your dealing with your customer so thst i wanna to replace my item or return my money quick  i wait u my dear quick please", "I bought these a few weeks ago and I have been using them for running and biking. They are very comfortable and durable. When I bought these I was told that they were a half size small but I went ahead and bought my actual size and they fit perfectly, but that may be because my foot size is between 8 and 8.5 anyway. I would suggest looking up your foot type before you buy, there are different types of shoes for different feet, some for speed and others for endurance, stability and training shoes that can also be used for running and jogging.", "It fits as expected, excellent shoes. Good material and colour and shape according the picture. I recommend this shoes for your kids.", "Good fit", "I went to a few outlet stores looking for this specific navy blue & white shoe... Since my first pair were so comfortable, didn't need much break in time. This shoe was not a dissapointment. Great fit arrived on time.", "I love the color, the shoe fits perfectly and shipping was fast as expected. I should have bought these shoes a while ago.", "They are comfortable and hard to find in my size. Great for running or power walking, great heel shock-absorbtion and true to size. I really like the black and Amazon usually has them in my size and color.", "This product looks so much better in person than it does in the pictures. They are easily wiped down to keep clean and very comfortable.", "Style is great. walking with them are always a pleasure on the Feet .. thanks ! :) I Recommend these to all who have a back problem. I could say one thing it helps lesson the back pain.", "I bought this shoe for my daughter and they are a very nice color.  She feels about an inch or two taller with the air system at the bottom.  It also has good traction on the basketball court.  The only problem she had with this shoe is that she got some blisters and they are a little on the heavy side compared to today's light basketball shoes.  Overall its a good solid shoe but probably a little overpriced.", "xmas gift for my little girl, I know she will love it I also have few lebron sneakers and I love them", "The shoes are better than the Jordan 10 because they are awesome !!! !!! !!! !!! !!! !!! !!! !!!", "They have great ankle support and cushion.  They have amazing air support and the shoe is stylish.  Money well spent!", "I was reluctant to purchase because of the price and I'm not really a Lebron fan. However. I purchased these for my son. He really likes them, and I must admit... they look pretty cool!", "nike lebron are nice and comfortable they look good and they were what i exped i love them .. hi", "Its comfortable it feel so good wearing these lebrons my friends thought they were nice my crush she shoe wedgie me and I thoight she likes me  :D", "I am in LOVE with these shoes!!! Thay are even cuter in person!!! They do run about a half size bigger but but if you're a nike dunks fan then you should already know that!", "Got them for a gift for my best friend she absolutely fell in love with them. Totally recommend them to anyone.", "this is the one i like though it is a little small for me. perhaps the size of 9 will fit me better.", "Great sneaker! I ordered a size larger than my shoe size and they fit and feel great! I think I can actually run faster ;) Love how reflective they are too - great for running in low light hours.", "I have a few pairs of Nike shoes. I own the NIKE FREE RUN in yellow. These are + Shield which I guess is water resistant. I love the Free Runs. I almost think that these are a knock off of the originals? They are made in China. The other pair is made in Vietnam.All of my Nike shoes say NIKE on the Tongue of the shoe. This pair does not say NIKE on the Tongue and the fit is not the same. They basically look the same and they are also very light in weight. I am not positive. Everything else seems identical. The fit is significantly different. The Bottom line is if I bought this pair before I would not buy a second pair. Besides the color of my first pair, why do they fit different? Why don't they say NIKE on them?OK these are Free Run 3's I guess the pair I own are Free Run #1 the serial # or item is 510642-706(my first pair) The blue pair is number 536840-404 and I do not like them as much.", "These shoes are great! They look and fit just as expected. Very light and flexible. I would highly recommend them.", "I am very impressed with the shoe overall but I just got them 3 days ago and my Swoosh on the inner side of my left shoe is peeling off.  I am very discouraged by this and would love an explanation on how I can get this fixed.  I have I only walked around work in these shoes and I work in a carpeted office.  I spent close too 110 bucks and its already starting to look like I wasted SOME money.......", "These fit true to size. They are exceptionally comfortable and light. Great for running without extra bulk or weight. The water resistance is an added bonus.", "I loved these shoes when i got them. i am 13 and wear a size 7 . the problem was that they ripped so easily.I was devestated when I found that out.I loved these shoes. they were light and since I am an athlete iloved them. please nike ifyou can. send me another pair. I love these shoes but it is hard to constantly buy 100 dollar shoes.please answer.thank you.p.s  Nike is the best and is my favorite brand. i adore nike.", "I over pronate while running ( flat footed ) and these really help. If you're on your feet all day and live an active lifestyle they're worth expensive price.", "they came early 1st plus then they come n a special box if ur a fan of forces these will def bring ur collection to another level", "I exercise at a X-fit gym and wanted something that would keep me back on my heels when I lift weights. These are minimally angled toward the front, so they suit my purpose well. One word of caution. These shoes come from the UK, but they arrived quite quickly despite the longer &#34;listed delivery time&#34;.", "I bought these shoes for casual wear.  They are lightweight and comfortable.  They look very sharp and stylish, but are also conventional as everyday shoes.The only issue that I have found so far is that they can get dirty easily, but that is to be expected with any white shoe.", "These shoes are great-looking and also really comfortable. They are light and durable.I'm an occasional runner and the Nike DART 9 are great for the job.", "My first experience with Nike shoes and it is great! The shoes fit nicely and good for running, with fashionable looking. Very value for money.", "great shos, the quality is excellent. have no complains. 100% recommended.comprado desde venezuela, vendedor responsable, la calidad del producto es excelente, 100% recomendado.", "The most comfortable sneaker I've ever had for working on concrete. The hunter green color is great since it doesn't show dirt.", "I have a straight foot and most of America has a semi curved ot curved foot.  This is Nike's only surviving straight lasted shoe.  I love them and it's a higher end shoe with all the attendant cushioning and quality that Nike can be so good at", "For us pronators, this is a godsend. Lightweight, but still supportive. Comfortable, and tough. They still look new, and I'm almost 80 miles into them.", "I bought these shoes for regular everyday, and they fit perfectly. They have a nice snug fit, so if you don't like that then go a half size larger.They do ship from the UK so shipping did take a little longer. For me it was 8 days including the weekend, but it was worth it.I highly recommend these shoes and this seller.", "I had these in high school back in 1992 and loved them. They are basically the same as I remember.", "loved the color though air pockets didn't hold up as strong especially if you do a lot of walking during time of work.", "These are very stylish. I like that the shoestrings are purple. Looks very nice with my jeans. Again I love them", "i like them, overall, but i hate my feet. my feet are so small. they kinda look like hooves. s***.", "I didn't like these.  There was no arch support and the shoe felt flimsy and poorly made.  Sorry, had to send these ones back.", "I really liked the design of the shoes and colors. I bought them for work where I stand for 8 hours. They hurt my feet so bad and they are very hot! If your not wearing them for long and its not real hot out then they aren't bad.", "Was told they fit well and person is happy with them. Would like to have a pair myself sometime. thanks", "I purchased free nikes for my 2 year old before but was unaware they were wide--they fit perfect.  When I received these Free 5, they were very narrow and hard to put on.  My son had a growth spurt and his foot isn't as fat so he can wear them, but I still prefer the wider ones he has to these, especially if we are going to be walking around a lot.", "Shoes are easy to put on. No shoe laces to tie. They have Velcro. Shoes are very flexible and light which is perfect for my 20 month old. Only reason I rated them a 4 star is because they arrived a week past expected delivery date.", "got these for my grandson, daughter says they fit great and they are so cute also.  they bend real nice so the little guy can walk normally.", "I have extremely small feet for being a &#34;grown&#34; adult so I have a difficult time finding running shoes that fit properly and don't have flashing lights on them when I step, with some child insignia on them. I found these shoes and LOVE THEM! I do a lot of high intensity workouts and these are perfect 6 times a week and these have held up nicely. Light weight, durable and move with the foot. I have not tried running in these shoes as I like a heftier shoe for running (if that makes sense) but I think that is a personal preference thing. I am sure you could run in these and they would be great.", "There somewhat large but there mad comfortable. You don't even feel like you fet them on. There perfect when you're on your feet a lot", "They are your basic generic sneaker, my opinion. At this age not sure what one is looking for in a sneaker, but he loves them and that's all i care about!", "Looks nice my friends love it and make me look so nice about my self because grey and hire are a great match to everything", "I love the classic looks and comfort of these Nike Classics. I was surprise to have found them and now own several more pair.", "This shoe retails for $120.  The retailer has significantly marked up the price and then given the appearance of a discount to make it seem as if your getting a deal.  Even with their so-called discount, it's still higher than the MSRP!  Go to Nike.com, or anywhere else to but this product.", "I guess this shoe was a good fit.  It's what my grandson wanted and apparently wears daily. He seems quite happy with this shoe.", "I loved being able to order school shoes online.  My six year old Lhasa been wearing them everyday.  They should last for a year", "My boy love them. They look as expected. They are very confortable. My boy is so happy with them. Perfect.", "Nice shoes, like the colors and they are perfect fit. My son really loves this gym shoes, he likes how they feel.", "I ordered this Nike for my nephew and he loved it. It fit very well and he's been wearing it since Christmas.", "Shoes on Amazon are &#34;iffy&#34; when it comes to sizing. I have returned more than I have kept.  These Nike sneakers are a good value for growing children - on our third pair.", "My son loves these shoes. He has a narrow heel and we needed something light for him. He previously had Geox runners, but they were super heavy. He calls his NIke's his &#34;fast shoes&#34;.", "comfortable and light more than I expected and very light and very good for summer especially. try it this product. you will not disappointed.", "I bought this sneakers for my 5 year old son, seeing that he never has time to tie his shoe laces, and he loves them doesn't even want to take them off. I definitely recommend these shoes for your very active son.", "Young man loves the shoes,. He was very excited when he received them and says they are the most comfortable shoes he has ever worn.", "the shoe was very cute but unfortunately I wanted a kids youth and not a child, there needs to be more guidelines on the sizing. now I have to pay double postage when amazon says free returns on shoes and a 10% restocking fee, just not worth it to me.", "These shoes are perfect! Good support, well made and sporty.  Very happy with this purchase even though they are expensive.", "This is worth. Line 2013. Very comfortable, light and beautiful. Difficult to compare. And a gift and I'm sure that go like", "I can't give you a first hand review but I will pass on my daughter's comments.  Really cool color mix  and super-comfy.  They are very flexible as advertised and fit very well.  They are the latest (spring/summer 2013) from Nike and they again have a winner.  I myself have bought multiple pairs of Nikes over the last year plus, as they have definitely stepped up their game, especially when it comes to running sneakers.  They made some of the most deplorable running sneakers around for years until the last couple of years as they have stepped up with superlight, stylish sneakers with really solid performing souls (the most important part of a running sneaker).  It's about time for the company that put running sneakers on the map!", "my daughter loves them, and so do i. comfortable, lightweight and stylish. now wishing i'd gotten myself a pair too!", "I love the shoes and the style but the fit is a little snug in the middle. fits perfect with the rest of the shoe.", "She loves them and tells me they are great and stylish. If shes happy I am happy! A bit bright for my tastes, but I am told thats how they are supposed to be!", "These are beautiful designed Nikes.  My 11 year old granddaughters put them on immediately and wore them to school.  Great colors and styling, and of course, well made.", "This was actually for my cousin and she loved it very much, very flexible and very comfortable and it fitted as expected.", "LOVES These shoes.  Had one before, and sole cracked but loved the style and comfort so wanted another one. Very sharp on the court!", "They're Great, Exactly what I wanted, the colors and size were perfect as it was in the picture and description. Awesome.", "It is hard for me to find this size here in town and I love how they fit on my daughter", "comfortable, colorful, I bought this for a 7 year old and she calls them her highlight shoes, she loved tham", "My child needed these for running and they are very comfortable, with a great fit and they cushion her feet and give her plenty of traction while running.", "The shoe fits my daughter well and looks cute too. The important thing is that she wears them instead of going barefoot.", "We had a hard time finding the right size of these for my 12 yr old son but were able to find them on here for a good price! They're exactly like he hoped!", "I bought this sneaker because Nike has always been my sneaker of choice.. I was looking for a running shoe and after some research I decided to go with this Nike Shox NZ...I am a size 9, my other 3 pairs of Nike sneakers are all size 9 and fit like a glove.. However, I tried these on and immediately felt they were too tight, too narrow. I thought that maybe this particular style had to be &#34;broken in&#34; and decided to wear them several times.  However, the subsequent pain, every time I put them on, lead me to believe, that either the seller sent me a &#34;narrow pair&#34; or in some fashion, a defective sneaker.  Either way, I am now stuck with a sneaker, that I paid $115 for and can't wear, since seller policy is 30 day return. I am disappointed and learn a valuable lesson to not buy footwear from this seller.", "This shoes are perfect as a waking shoes but unfortunately I haven't use it because are small for me!!! Oh!!!", "Brought these for a surprise gift for my husband he loved them will buy again quality is excellent postage is a bit expensive tho", "This Nike is poor quality and cheaply made. Cheap, thin and flimsy innersole. No arch support. It gaps towards the heel because they were too cheap to put 10 lace holes instead of 8.  You should see how the sole is stitched to the shoe.  It's the worst I've ever seen and I know a little something about shoes.  This shoe is made in Indonesia, and that explains it but I expect much better from Nike and especially at the prices they charge.Don't waste your money on this one...", "I hope the guys get this sneakers if you love the colors and love how to rock the sneakers the way you want it to be. keep up the good work amazon and all is well.", "Nice  soccer shoes and good quality , my dotter love it, fix normally respect at the size we order . And looks very cool", "Fits great , my daughter is happy with her new indoor court soccer shoes!!! Great indoor soccer shoes and fit perfect.", "These were on her wish list for Christmas in the high top style.  I chose the low because of the price and she loves them!", "i bought these for my old lady and she absolutely loved them . shipping came a little slow but they were exactly what she wanted along with being the correct size and fit . personally i think they are ugly but she likes the lepard design or whatever . the material was realy nice though , not some cheap crap either. overall 5 stars . they made the old lady happy which made me happy. good for everyone . haha", "Great shoe. True to size. Bought it for my daughter, but since we wear the same size I wear them with a particular outfit from time to time.", "I bought these kinda hoping they would be a little more comfy than they actually are. They literally have no cushion in them and seem like its gonna take some breaking in before they become less \"stiff\". Other than that, the color is dead on as the photo above. I really like the leopard print and im so glad i bought them.", "Boot is also displayed, comfortable feet, and size is very appropriate for the age groups between 10 and even 20, excellent for use for school students", "This feels actiolly very good and it doesent only look good is feels good as well just a great iteam", "Materials are good. Just for the socer game or the casual day every day. Soft for walk, no problem with size selected.", "daughter is very happy with these shoe say they are very comfortable and would buy more in the near future", "They were a little bit to big but an extra pair of thin socks and they fit perfect.  Loved the color of them, they are true to the picture a beautiful bright green.", "These are bright, bright, orange(which is a good thing). My daughter loves them.  I previously ordered the orange Puma turf shoes, but they fit really small, so I ordered these instead.  My 11-year old loves the colour and says they feel great on.", "Very happy, people want to know where I got them from and I say. I bought them in Dallas.  Lol", "Spent a lot on the shoes for my daughter, and the color Crimson is red in any color spectrum. However these shoes are Safety Orange!! not as red as the picture and description of &#34;crimson&#34; lead us to believe.", "This shoe looks even better in person than it does in pictures online... The shade of green just doesnt come through in pictures, its stunning. Ive got the Re-Entry's and i've been rocking these way more everywhere I go they seem to make heads turn. Also regarding packaging and Delivery I ordered through Theonekicks and they did an absolute fantastic job packaging the product, much better than F.S. Fashions did with the Re-entrys. Like another reviewer stated since they were shipping from hong kong i had my reservations about them being fakes but they are the REAL thing. Since they were coming from china and the delivery estimate said three weeks to a month I assumed it would be late August before they arrived. It took five days to get to murica from China then another two days to get to my doorstep. Excellent service. Amazing shoe. Could not be happier, Thank you TheOneKicks!", "the shoes seemed compfortable at first. after about 5-6 days my hamstrings in both legs began to ache really bad and non stop. then it traveled up into my butt both sides. i gave them a break for a few days and the pains diminished. then began wearing them again , the pains came back , i guess theses just arent for me", "I did not purchase these on Amazon but did purchase them from a DSW store.  I lucked out.  I was looking for an inexpensive but well made outdoor shoe for hiking Squaw Peak in Phoenix while I was visiting relatives in AZ.  Looked all over the internet and couldn't find anything with a good review/rating for around $40.  I went to DSW and made my way to the clearance rack where I found these.  Their regular price was $85 but were on clearance for half off.  They may have been a returned item but they looked brand new.  I bought them, wore them to hike Squaw Peak the next morning and they performed perfectly.  They are light weight, well constructed, and definitely helped maintain a good grip on the trail and on the rocks.  I didn't slip or slide even once.These shoes were released about a year ago but if you can find them, I highly recommend them.  These are top notch outdoor shoes that are comfortable, light weight, and have a superior grip.  I haven't used them for running but I can attest that they will perform very well on difficult hikes.", "My son loves them.  They fit perfect and look great.  I wasn't sure about buying shoes he had not tried on,but he loves them.", "I wear usually a size 13, when I put these on for the 1st time they felt kinda big but after an hr or two of wearing them they felt great. The top half of the shoe is a little flimsy since its only a thick cloth materiel like &#34;All- Stars&#34;. They have a great old school look. Overall they're a solid choice for a mid-top shoe and they look great with shorts or pants", "They fit great right out of the box and they look so cool.  I have been getting great compliments on them as well.  I was actually considering buying a back up pair for when my current pair wears down.  Yes, I think they are that cool!", "I give this a 5 star rating because my nephew luvd them.  He was interested in some other sandals before ,but we saw these and he liked them.  When we received them he was very happy with his gift!!", "The photo shows a sneaker, but its a sandal! One two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven", "Although the delivery was pretty quick, the shoes were very large. It is now too late for us to order another pair since we live in Korea and the season will be over by the time the new pair gets here. It is hard having big feet in Korea, but my son was really disappointed! We can't find his shoe size here at all.", "I don't normally write a lot of reviews, but felt I wanted to warn future buyers on this item.  While this shoe is well made, it is by no means a WIDE width shoe. I think it may have something to do with baseball cleats in general because I also ordered a 2E width pair of cleats from New Balance and they also ran very narrow. Just throwing out that FYI.  Also, this seller requires the buyer to pay the return shipping.", "They are slightly smaller then expected but they do seem to stretch/loosen up after wearing for a little while.  I was pleasantly surprised when they arrived and they were water proof (goretex).  Very happy with these shoes and would recommend them.", "NOT ONLY DO THESE SHOES KEEP MY FEET DRY BUT ALSO WARM!! I'M LOVING THEM. THEY ALSO HAVE A NICE, WIDE TOE BOX THAT IS GREATLY APPRECIATED.", "After years of using cross-trainers to play tennis, and suffering from every imaginable foot discomfort, I finally invested in actual court shoes. What a difference! This style of shoe perfectly supported my feet so that my tendons and ligaments did not over absorb the stresses of sudden stop and go movements. My only concern is that the lace loops are not durable. After six months of use, some of the loops on two pairs I bought came apart. I won't buy another pair until this flaw is corrected. Otherwise, it's a well designed shoe for its purpose. If it's good enough for Rafael Nadal, its good, but not perfect.", "I bought these for my grandson at Christmas, and he just loved them. Beautiful, quality, and exactly as pictured. Very happy with my purchase! And I didn't have to run to the Mall! I love shopping with amazon!", "Well The Package Came 2 days before said,i am very Sttisfied with the shoe but i am not sure if theses are realbut over all i think that this was a very good purchase", "the look and feel of this shoe is retro.  I'm not sure if I will collect them or wear them.", "The shoes came in perfect condition all the way to the actual box. They color way is a must have if you like the stealth look. The shoes are really comfortable also, I get a lot of compliments when I wear them in the gym.", "Very comfy and material is great as well, a must have in your closet if you love jordans. Would highly recommend", "A lit bit hard , but perfect fit and delivered as plan. I really enjoying this shoe and maybe i'll have other jordans shoes", "that i got them for him... &#34;giggles&#34;.. now he wont take them off. he side they fit just right. it is a good thing that i got the size that i did because his feet have grown 3 size. wow it is hard to keep w/ him . anyway he loves them.", "Great shoes! My 12 year old son loves them! Comfortable and cool looking! Great birthday gift for him!! shipping was great also!", "My son wanted these sneakers best price around fits right he wears them for basketball and around town love e,", "I like these and I really want them because I need them for my basketball team Color also and I'm a pretty good baller.", "The shoes are perfect. Have a pair of bright yellow ones and these are a perfect compliment. I'm thinking of wearing 1 yellow and 1 green! kidding. Actually, I do a lot of running and these shoes are comfortable and light. The distributor delivered these on time and they were exactly what I expected. Good shoes.", "Great productChanged my podium standing from a consistent third to firsts and secondsI consider that great valueThank you", "They are light and comfortable and they improved my start times. I am now a cheetah with bright blue feet.", "Bought a pair of these a month ago at a Nike Outlet. After two six mile runs in these, the pain in my left foot was so unbearable I had to ice it in the morning just to complete the 5 minutes of walking I do in my morning transit. I chalked it up to over-training in a new pair, and rested for a few days.Three weeks later, I have given up Nike Running altogether. Pain in my right Achilles, left foot and both knees tells me I chose poorly. It's too bad, because the bright green and grey colors make for a really sharp looking shoe. However, I doubt I should wear these at all, even for just walking around.", "These shoes have an amazing cushion which takes off the pressure on the feet and helps you enjoy your run/workout or simply walk to be awesome.I have had all kinds of running shoes in the past, but these are the BEST ever!! I am just about to buy another pair.I just wished, they were also available in ALL black. Nike - are you listening ?", "I bought these shoes in a Nike outlet in my area with a much friendlier price than that on Amazon (20 bucks cheaper maybe, if I remember correctly). It's been a year, and they are still solid and firm with regular use. A very durable pair of shoes. These are my first running shoes after I decided to go jogging regularly. I go jogging three times a week, 3-4 miles each time. Apparently its great cushion and light weight make jogging not a tiring job for the knee and the feet. The most impressive feature about these shoes is their great shock-absorption. You can feel it at the instant when you step onto the ground. The pressure that is supposed to reflect on the knees is not that strong as expected. Plus the shoes are light. So it reduces the fatigue in a way that is perceptible. I recommend it to anyone who would like to start jogging.", "They are actually better then i expected they fit awesome and the material they was made of i mean these were just awesome and my style the way i dress they put in work got the job done when i got home", "These shoes give plenty of support and I use them primarily in the gym on weight day.  However, these shoes run really, really small.  All of my adult life, over 30 years, I've worn size 10, medium width.  Now, with Nike and Adidas shoes, I've had to increase to over a whole size.  All the athletic shoes run small and narrow.  I tried these shoes at size 11 and they barely fit my feet.  Either my pituitary gland is out of whack or they've moved their companies to another third world country with sizing issues.  From now on I'm going to a local store and try on any athletic shoe first just to see how the sizes run.", "Fits a little snug, so u might want to consider getting a half size bigger. Its okay, I feel the i95 foam posite boot is a better value for the money if you catch them on sale.", "I wear a size 9 man I freakin love the shoes and everything else I brought off amazon I will use this web page to get more items very very soon", "Beware!  The air soles in this shoe, the Air Max 2012 and 2011 are very prone to failure!  I've returned 4 pairs out of 6 total and Nike replaced them all, but it's not free to ship to them.  I'm told by a Nike Customer representative that the Air Max 2013 has a totally redesigned air unit (the old was too stiff and failed regularly), and sadly this one is based on the 2012 design.  I put them on and always feel the air bubles for firmness given my high failure rates!  These things can go flat just sitting, you don't have to wear them for it to happen, so check carefully and if you have a failure (all of mine failed on the left shoe only for some reason) be sure to go to Nike and arrange for a return authorization!Nike issues a certificate good only on their site, and you may not get the same model or color combo as Nike changes colors faster than I change underwear!  Amazon is always a good way to return items like this and you'll get good customer service from them as I have when I've experienced issues with ANYTHING I've bought here.Just be understanding of the fact that you may not be able to replace the shoe with the exact same colors.When the air units are intact they are incredible shoes to wear.... but....", "Excellent transaction! Will do business again.Too bad these shoes are rare to find. Wish i had more options to purchase more.", "Very comfortable and long lasting.  Bought this as a 2nd pair since they seemed to stop making this style.  Buy now before they are gone.", "great shoes but run too small..i would order at least half size bigger&#8230;i really liked them but had to return..", "I bought this shoe to use on the treadmill so I'm not risking getting outside dirt in the works and messing it up. As with the Saucony Outlaws I got this shoe fits great, has lots of padding, a great tread that can handle the street and the trail and is a high top to provide that needed ankle support. I like this shoe so much I'm thinking of getting another pair to wear as a regular daily shoe to pair up with blue jeans.", "Wore these shoes for only 1 month & the air pocket on the right shoe totally popped to the point that I can not even wear the shoe.Too bad because I've had very good luck with Nike in the past.", "I did not like the shoe initially because it was a bit tight - I couldn't wear for over 1 hour. But after breaking in, it has become very comfortable and I can were it through out the day. I know it is a basketball shoe but I use it to play tennis. It feels light and strong at the same time. I did not think it was a beautiful shoe  but I receive a lot of compliments wherever I go so I guess it is a nice looking shoe. It's a bit expensive, IMO.", "As a loyal Nike running shoe customer, I actually found this shoe to not be well suited for the rigors of racing or training. The stitching and seams toward the outer part of the toe box didn't hold up well. The outer part of the left shoe actually ripped for no apparent reason. I contacted the company who sold me them (in the UK) and was told I would need to send it back for review. I was hoping for a better customer service response. I purchased two pair, and now stuck with one pair that is ripped and one pair I'm not certain I'll use.", "My son put on these wonderful looking shoes. After 3 days of wearing, the white fabric that sits on top of the plastic insole rolled/curled up on both shoes.  As a result, it costs friction on the arches - hot spots.  The bundled lump however small keeps rubbing against the arches.  I think it is due to bad design.", "The package actually came a day before it's estimated delivery date and I loved that I could track my package since I am so impatient. Fits great! I got a size 6.5 and it's true to size and so are the colors. The laces was already tied when I opened the box so I had to loosen them a bit before I could put them on, but not to bad.I would recommend these shoes and the seller was fast and amazing!", "I liked them at first, and i tried to wear them but i wasn't comfortable with those shoes, so i had to sell them. However, everything came just as expected.", "Shoes are not white and blue they are white and ORANGE!  That was a surprise.  Would have preferred the blue but not enough to send them back.", "I knew I was taking a chance when I ordered size 11. I wear a 10 1/2 in all Nike shoes. I also have not been a fan of gortex anything because every one I have tried on have felt so stiff, heavy, and clunky. I wanted Nike to be different. I also ordered grey which is written on the packing slip, but i received brown. Not a big problem.These were also too wide for me in the heel. I walk muddy trails and thought these would be a good choice to stay dry and have good traction. I thought it too much trouble to return them and i knew i was gambling. I have chosen not to let them sit idle in the closet. I put liners in them and wear very heavy socks. After a few weeks of wearing them, they seem to be softening up so i don't feel like i have two cement blocks stuck to my feet. Again not Nike 's fault. I am a Nike fan and that is all i wear for athletic shoes.", "The color was advertised as red but was actually maroon when it arrived.  The shoes were fine, but again, we're the wrong color.", "Snug fit. Great support. Love them. Worth the money. All black color scheme looks great. Get yourself a pair. THE BEST!", "Bought these for my grandson that is HARD ON SHOES as a teenager.  These shoes are still in great shape.  Very durable and nice looking as well.  I would recommend these shoes and will be buying them again....", "The shoes are great, wish there was notice they came from the UK before ordering though. Needed to have them shipped sooner and would have chosen a different vendor if I had known.", "They look very nice but sadly there too small and there any way I can return them I need to know", "just what my husband expected ... he did not expect the red in the sneakers to be so bright but he loved it", "I bought these shoes for my boyfriend and he said they fit very nicely on him and he likes them a lot.", "Ok, so lets say at you have a scale of 1-10 on how great these sneakers are. I would give these shoes a 10 out of 10 because they are nice", "It's very cool and not that expensive, and I like it very much. I like the color. when I wear it  I am comfortable", "I like it very much. Color is so unique. It attracts eyeballs trust me. Its pricy, but worth it honestly", "i like this shoes cause are beautiful i really love it and i recomiendo this shoes for everyone... see you", "i was satisfied when i received these shoes thats why i rated it with 5 stars i would recommend this to every one", "these 2 little cool jordans are just as we were expecting, what u see is exactly what you get, thankx", "Very well made.  Soft and substantial.  Not a cheap looking or feeling pair of booties.  Hope to find these in many more colors.", "I'm still trying to break them in, but they're definitely at least 1/2 size smaller than other Nike Running shoes I've purchased.  I'll probably end up using them as &#34;every day&#34; shoes rather than running kicks.", "I'm very satisfied that shoes. It's nice and amazing.I hope your business will flourish in the near future.Thank you.", "I didn't buy these shoes to run in the city. I bought these shoes to run the city. They are comfortable, legit, good quality.", "It's too small. & huger than i actually thought. It's like I'm wearing sketchers shape ups &#128529;", "Great comfort. Shoe actually has a &#34;sock like&#34; feel.  Would definitely recommend this shoe for workouts or looks great for casual wear.", "I was excited about this shoe ever since I saw it. finally copped a pair and they looked amazing and was worth every penny that I spent on it. this is a shoe that will turn heads and how the envy of many sneaker heads out there. shipping was very fast but the only negative thing I have to say about the order is that it come in a quite beat up box which I mind very little because the shoe was in great condition. other than the box, this is a must buy for the price for sure!", "The shoe looks pretty solid, just got them and they look just like the picture, there is another pair I will be working on next but for classic sneaker heads this is a good shoe. Only draw back is waiting on it, takes forever if you use standard but other than that it is a solid sneaker.", "Patent leather so it doesnt crease.  Nice color although odd some might say.  Very comfortable but need some wears to break in.  Easy to clean also.  Buy extra if you can.  Authentic merchandise from this seller.", "I was totally surprised with this purchase.  I had not purchased shoes or sneaks online before this pair. These are true to size,  really great looking...and, the most comfortable, lightweight sneaker I  have ever had in my life...  They seem well made and durable.  I am very pleased with this purchase.", "I GOT THESE FOR MY BRO HE LOVED THEM NIKE MAKES A GREAT SHOE HE PLAYS BALL IN THEM EVERY DAY", "I had a pair almost identical to these \"back in the day.\"  I loved them then and I love them now!", "Very nice and well made shoes. Besides being very comfortable, they are also very stylish and durable shoes. I really like them a lot.", "These boots stand up to anything!! I live in Michigan and in the winter time there is salt everywhere from the county's clearing roads and business's clearing sidewalks. These boots a amazing. So sturdy yet so comfortable. Didn't take long to break in. And came with 2 pairs of laces (one red and one black) I chose to use the red for now. I can't explain how well these boots hold up to anything thrown at them!! Amazing!! Nice job nike would definitely recommend to a friend or family member. They are pricey but if you keep an eye out you may find a good deal on them as I did!! Thank you!!!!", "I bought these Forces because I thought they looked cool, but when I received them I fell in love. They are my favorite in my collection", "Traditionally, every year, I buy my Mom a new pair of sneakers. She's stuck on white, ONLY! I have had a several pair of Nike Shox and decided to venture out from her typical walk/run, boring, plain shoes for this pair and she fell in love with them...not to mention they have her &#34;Raven's Purple&#34; on the shox that may have added to her accepting them!", "bought these for my niece for christmasshe just loves nike shox and this pair was just the perfect look for hershe greatly enjoyed them", "They are better than i espected them. They look great!! Thet fit great My son loved them!!! he wears them all time", "Everything was as expected. Heard great reviews on this shoe so i had to buy them. Ive worn them 3 times playing ball, each time was great. Minimal slippage and great traction... They do however hurt my big toe and the heel lock is not as well as some other shoes but it really isnt that game changing. Overall a A- for the shoe, as for the buy.. I give the buy a A++.", "I like these shoes, and the FREE series are some of my favorites from Nike. The only issue I have with these is that they say black, but they look navy blue.  I needed all black shoes for my job (I'm a valet, hence the need for running shoes) so I gave these a try.  They are great shoes and are very sturdy.  The sole on the trail version will last longer than that of the standard version.  Good shoes, bad color description.", "I'm a pretty avid runner, i do about 30 miles a week, but i also have wide feet, the nike Frees 2+ were fantastic because of the wide base, however; the nike free powerlines are a bit narrow in the front compared to the old style frees, hence the 4 stars.", "I used a stretcher for a few hours to stretch out the binding rubber around the shoe.It feels good and looks good. Now, I just have to use it a few times to justify its purchsase.", "The shoes are great.  The only minor issue I have is that they are rather snug.  Hopefully, when they are fully broken in they'll loosen out a bit.", "Good length, however the width is a bit tight. Nice color and good cushion for all points of the foot.", "I have put many miles into these shoes as a runner and have used them everyday for like 6 months or so.  I have used these shoes for everything from running a 10k, to playing volleyball, to cardio training, to basketball, to working long shifts.  My mom bought these shoes for me at Nordstrom for 59-69 dollars (currently priced for 80-90 on amazon).  As someone who has suffered with stress fractures, shin splints, and sprained ankles, I know the importance of a good shoe.  They fit really nice ever since I can remember.  Another think I like about them is they are very waterproof so if you like running in the rain this is a plus.In sum, they are very durable, comfortable, breathable yet waterproof, all around good solid shoe for all surfaces (hence flex trail).  Although I probably will not purchase another pair as I am always switching from one pair to the next, they had a good run and made me believe that Nike can compete with Asics, Brooks, and New Balance in terms of running shoes.  These are right up there with New Balance shoes I have purchased.A few cons: Foot stability can be an issue and I did get shin splints after a lot of consecutive days running.", "This being a &#34;relayed&#34; post, because the shoes were bought for my basketball playing grand-daughter, who incidentally wears a women's size 9, just could not find the style of shoe in the women category. She expressed the gratitude in my selection, expressly that the Jordan icon was visible so that her team-mates might recognize, not just a girl &#34;thang&#34;, she sez. The fit was good and the &#34;swag&#34; was admired.", "I wear it because no other new shoe is close to matching cushioning and flex. My muscles thank me every day I run in them. You cannot beat this shoe if you want cushioning, flexibility and comfort.This is a review of Vomero 6.", "I'm on my second pair, and had to look hard for them because there are a lot of +3's out there, but not so many +4's.  I don't understand it.  They fit better, and feel more comfortable than any running shoe I've ever had, and I've had a lot of them.  They fit snuggly because they don't have a tongue, so it can't move around. The laces allow you to adjust the snugness with greater accuracy. The cushion is just enough, but not over done.", "GREAT COLOR STYLE, ALL EYES ON ME IN THE STREETS, GOT IT A HEAD OF TIME= NOBODY HAS THIS IN MY HOOD, SO IM ALL GOOD..", "Muito bom Tenis, original e muito bom bonito, chegou no prazo informado, satisfeito e recomendo! Nada a reclamar ento, ok!", "Brazil - Gramado - Rio Grande do SulI love products of nike, comfortable shoes, even with the price a little high, it is simply and beautiful, no extravagant colors that is normally nike, European style.  do not think twice buy it", "I've bought this Nike Shox based on previous experiences with this brand and model. Unfortunately the one described in this review does not fit s well, thus, I do not feel so comfortable as when using other nike shox I have previously bought.", "The color scheme is a little wild but the fit is good and they are comfortable to casually wear to work or on errands.  The tongue is not very wide so if you have wide feet this may have a gap.  Seems waterproof enough to wear in the rain.", "My son loves them. They came on time in a cute pullout white box and they were new in perfect shape and if my son wanted more I would buy it from yall again but he wants different kinds.", "Was a bit skeptical when I read the other review, but I'm happy with my purchase. The item is as described. The shoes are clean, unworn and came in the original shoebox. They fit true to size and are super comfortable to walk in.", "I absolutely love these trendy leopard print Nike ...they are about a half size large however but I'm ok with it...I get MANY compliments on them and I am very pleased overall", "I ordered these shoes for my daughter for Christmas.  When the shoes came they appeared almost dirty and worn looking and I had intentions of sending them back, however I dusted them off a bit with a toothbrush and my daughter really like them so we are going to keep them.  I also saw them later online at a reputable shoe store for thirty dollars less so buyer beware!", "It is more comfortable than I expected and the sizing info is very accurate. It looks  exactly like  what you see on the site. Product is awesome . I love the fact that I got a ladies air max with the bubble at the bottom of the shoe always wanted one like that finally got it. The colors looks great .", "If you searched for &#34;black&#34; shoes and landed on this item, be aware they're not black.  Instead, they're brown.  Confusing advertising by Nike, and frankly, unnecessary.  Perhaps experienced tea drinkers would automatically understand the difference, but how many of them buy sneakers?", "I felt deceived by the description, as these shoes were not black.Apparently, Tea Tree Black is another way of saying Brown, who knew", "I was wanting black shoes with the white swoosh . I read the color wrong . They were black tea, wich made the shoes dark brown, but I still love them , and I am keeping them. I will try again for the black.", "I got these as a Christmas present for my 14 yr old daughter & they are so cute! I paid for expedited shipping to ensure delivery before Christmas but I probably didn't have to as they came sooner than I thought they would. Also, there were clear return instructions in the box in case they didn't fit but we're so glad they do! Decent price for Jordans too.", "Very little stock. Finally found a pair of shoes for my grandson. It was shipped to somebody else. No more in stock. A sad Christmas", "These shoes are light, comfortable, and they look great!  The shoes are flexible and good for long workouts.  I definitely recommend them.", "I LOVE THESE SNEAKERS!!! I will definitely be ordering another pair very soon if I can get another color that I like. Very comfortable and light weight. Perfect for all the running that I do in the Army.", "I purchased these shoes for my daughter after months of her begging me for them. I'm so happy she is enjoying them.", "These shoes are cut a little small so go up a half size if possible. Otherwise a great running shoe!", "Nike Free's are the best shoe anywhere whether you're running walking or just hanging out there is nothing else that fits like Nike Free", "Best shoes for the 'barefoot' runner. The soles move and sepertate with your movements so you can run with your toes and grip the ground. I won't run in anything else!", "The color in the pictures look more aqua to me than what is actually on the shoes. It's definitely more green than aqua, but still a really slick looking shoe. True to size and casual. I actually ordered these from DrJays online for cheaper than anywhere else!", "I didn't realize when I ordered these shoes that the tongue is sewn in place. I bought them on sale after buying and loving another pair of Nike Free running shoes. The fit is different. I put holes in my socks where my big toe is every time I wear these because they are so hard to get my feet into, it strains the fabric where the pressure of my toe is when I pull these on. Once on, they feel OK to move in, but my socks are pulled too tightly over my foot. It was too late to return them by the time I came to this realization, so I will keep and still occasionally use them; but I don't love them like I do my older pair with a tongue I can lift up to slide my size 10 lady feet into... I still gave 2 stars because I think this line (Nike Free) is wonderful and other runners may not have the issues I do...", "You can't buy this version (v4) anymore. They are incredibly light and tough but most of all pliable. Wearing these shoes reminds me of being in slippers.", "Sneakers came quick and 100% authentic and real!! Wanted them for so long and the price was perfect. These are must haves!!", "My daughter was searching for these shoes for months.  She wanted to make sure the shoes she received was authentic.  To her surprise they were perfect and she wears them quite a bit.", "The product arrived on time and in excellent condition. It was a bit over-priced though as if you even go up 1/2 a size the price literally jumps but becaue these have been sold out a long time I sucked it up and purchased. They are true to size, size 6 fit me great. I absolutely love them and they were worth the money.By the way this is my second pair of Jordans purchased through Sole Place and the condition and service is great! Might order the Jordan Retro 9's Cool Grey's if you still have them thanks guys! :)", "Omg the shoe took a little while to come but when they came it was worth the wait they were authentic they only thing I thought was weird was the carbon fiber but I did a little research and the crbon fiber just looked different because they were the 2012 version gradeschool size but they were real!", "This is a gift for my cousin. She likes it so much! Thanks for your great service. If possible, I will come next time.", "Perfect,  delivered in 2 days! I wear a 8.5 in women the 6.5 in youth fit great.  Wore them all day with no problem", "Hate that my BF had to pay so much but I love them!!  Next time We will stand in the line for them though!!", "these are the best sneakers I got in a long to I'm a big Jordan fan but I  want more.", "Shoes are very nice and arrived on time. They just run small, I order a size 5 and I can't wear them for any length of time before my feet start hurting.", "My neice was really happy with the shoes. They met my expectations. Very stylish and she says it's comfortable. So we are both happy.", "I don't know if this is authentic or what but I don't know yet the Time will tell.  But for now I'm hoping that it's real (cross my finger)", "I rate my purchase with 5 stars.  They fit great, arrived early, and I got to re-live a childhood memory.  I'm 29 I had these same sneakers when I was 9.", "Why.... Great customer service, good quality, great price, and fast shipping! I must admit I have always been a little hesitant with these types of purchases, but this particular company put me at ease. I will definitely be making several others purchases with them... When my GS size becomes available :) thank you again and I look forward to doing business with you again.", "I am very happy with my purchase.Everything was perfect down to the T.These shoes are the real deal.I have a lot of Jordan's so I checked them out closely and this are awesome.Thanks for having these shoes for me cause I always wanted them..", "Love it my first Jordan's and I love it just so much money for this  but I love it  so much", "I bought these for work where I work in somewhat of a business casual environment. It's served it's purpose as a low key shoe yet still being sneaker. Fits well and everyone loves them.", "Gotta love shoes that look like smurfs!Great playing shoe that has turned into my bar shoe.I have wide feet and fit very snugly .", "I am an indoor soccer fan and these are my daily wear shoes. They are comfortable and extremely light. Good water resistance, decent laces. Most of the shoe is double stitched, and the toe of the shoe is stitched to the sole but the rest of the sole is glued. They are holding up well after 2 months of wear. They do squeak when your shoes are wet and you walk on linoleum.Its July 27th 2013. The yellow circles are printed on and come off kinda easily. Really dissapointed by that. Will not buy them again. On the upside they have held up rather well as far as the leather is concerned.", "wore a few weeks to loosen up.part was just what I ordered and fit was great. had very good insoles would order again shipping was fast.", "I have always looked the Nike brand because I love your style, and this is not far behind ... are very comfortable", "It looks very nice, but I used it just for 3-4 months and I had to buy a new one, I took a risk to buy it in cheap but I lost my money actually", "I couldn't beat dis price wit a bat buz jus n da stores da were 250 nd I cop dem for almostm 1/3 of dat price thnk U amazon", "I got this on sale after the new versions were released along with the new version Nike Free 3.0.  I really wanted to like them - after 5+ years and more than 1,000 miles, I'm still absolutely in-love with my Japanese release 5.0v4s, but I completely LOATHE this shoe.  The toebox is ridiculously narrow and anytime I ran more than just a couple of miles, my little toe started to fold under the others.  This got worse with mileage and swelling feet.Despite the width issue, the absolute worst part of this shoe is the fact that it does not breathe.  At all.  The \"design cover\" that forms the stars on the top layer of the shoe is a rubber/plastic-type material that greatly reduces the amount of air cooling your foot.  It's honestly so bad that no matter what the temperature, my feet started sweating within the first few minutes of putting them on and moisture wicking runner's socks didn't help because the shoe traps the heat and moisture.  At the end of even short 4-5 mile runs, the end result was almost always a new case of blisters.Nike really missed the mark on this one. Nike Free? I don't think so. They should have dubbed this one the \"Nike Baked 300*F\".", "excelente compra lo recomiendo muy responsable llego tal y cual como se esperaba y a la fecha indicada de muy buena calidad.", "Standing in the crowd is something else from standing above the crowd. These Nike are among the best chukkas any young guy can stand out in. They are uniquely structured and fit perfect. They are very light and it might give you a tendency to run. Overall, they are sturdy shoes and fit for the price.Shipping was great and they arrived on time.", "Got these for my son for the new school year.  Shopped around for Jordan's at mall and big-boxed sports stores but these topped them all-especially in price!  My son absolutely LOVES them.  If you're into Jordan's you can't go wrong with this purchase.", "Another pair of my son favorite shoes,,,he likes these too, he loves the color and they are good for sports", "My grandson requested cool tennis shoes for Christmas and these are the ones I picked out.  According to him I'm the BEST!!!", "What can I say, I love dunk highs. They look good with almost anything. Own several pair. True to size.", "Good fit", "Very stylish and fits will. surprisingly more durable then you think. The color is also a deep nice red. Highly recommended. +fast shipping :) thanks", "I usually wear a 10.5 so I ordered an 11 and the shoe still fit tight. Wore out in less than a month", "it fits a bit smaller then usual, but other then that, I think its great. love the colors, I recommend this shoe!", "Great comfortable shoe for basketball, fits and performs well right out of the box. I have no complaints with this product.", "Its funny how I wear sizes 11, but I had to get a size 11.5 but this is nice fits perfectly feels comfortable and not tight besides it looks fresh", "bought these for my son! his second pair, he loves the colors and the fit is superb! he wears them all the time!", "BROUGHT AS X-MAS PRESENT FOR MY GOD CHILD PLAYING BASKET BALL AT CYP GYM ON WEEKENDS IN LOCAL CATHOLIC PARISH", "I bought it as a gift for my nephew. He is teenage and recently started playing basketball. He loves the shoes and tell me he never had better shoes before.", "I bought a half size larger than what my son wears, just to get some use out of them, and they are a bit bigger than expected...not so big that he can't wear them-thankfully!  Like any other Nike product that I've bought, they are well made and are exactly what we ordered.", "These shoes grip like crazy which I love and they are quite comfortable on the insole.  The outer shoe seems like it will scuff really easy but so far so good. Only down side I see b is the strap does dig into your foot a little bit and because my feet are a little narrow, the strap hangs off the shoe a bit. I expected a price point closer to 80.00 but paid 120 because I needed shoes.", "I'm very happy with this shoes, have a nice traction, fit excellent to my foot, the ankle support is excellent. Very comfortable.", "great, just as expected. since i have amazon prime it came in 2 days in perfect condition. also comes with grey laces or an aditional black laces. runs a bit small and feels hard though. so i need to break them in. i have gotten a lot of compliments and i only wore them once.", "This is a great shoe, however, I cheated and tried it out in the store first to know what size I need. They are a bit hard to get into, however, once on the foot, they feel great.", "Great shoes, super fast shipping!!", "I was so slow before, now I run faster and jump higher!!! Great for jumping over walls and fences, if u know what I mean. Go JUTEP!!!", "wine & cranberry.  nice comborins a bit smalli got mine in a size 9 , but wouldve gotten 9", "I have Jordans which I did not want to ruin playing on a cement court. I saw these for a crazy clearance price when looking for cheap basketball shoes and had to get them. Best BBall performance shoes I have ever owned; not to mention they look real nice as well.", "I only wish I could play ball in them, but from another perspective, im simply a chassis shop worker for 12 years that's never found a shoe (other than the zig, less durable) to have this level of immidiate and lasting comfort, right out of the box, as if they're already broken in. I'm on my feet at least 8 hours a day (concrete), 5 days a week and these shoes just do it. They last a solid 4 months, 6 or more if need be stuff some new insoles..  anyway, can't say enough about them, OTHER than I never pay over a hundred for them, which also means I haven't purchased from amazon YET. and I don't know what Ill do if they discontinue / or I can't get them any longer.", "These are good looking shoes and my son loves them...I would have given a 5 star rating if they ran true to size but, they do run about a size bigger.", "My son LOVES these shoes, he was very excited to receive them.  They are well made and stand up to a teenager wearing them!", "I bought these shoes to work out in . They fit great and offer support in the gym. I play basket ball in them , they are a little heavy but I've also ran in them. No matter where i go they turn heads ... one of my best amazon clothes purchases", "The 13 year old that I got these for loved them. His classmates thought they were cool-He wore them every day to school.", "These boots look nice but they're made of cheap rubber.I went to foot locker and they had them so I touched them and tried them on to see if it was me but I was  so disappointed because I was correct..Don't buy these boots there fake...", "These are so cute. They feel nice and soft - stretchy material. Found these while looking for white booties that would go with any outfit. They are just as pictured.", "was very happy with the way the shoe fit looks great the service was even better arrived on time like the add said was very surprised about that most places say these things but never are on time i look forward to future products i would like to order thank you for the great service", "All around good shoe to consider.  It's true to size, and fit my budget.  Can't go wrong with Nike products.", "This athletic shoe Nike Dunk Low(this specific pair of shoes)were not what I was expecting. It looks cheap by the price I paid and does not have a strong structure as the brand has always accomplish to show.From 1 to 10 I can rate it 6.5 considering the price I paid and the impression it gives comparing to the same shoes I have buy before.(It says it was made in China).If I knew there where made in China probably wouldn't buy them. I am not satisfied 100%. I was expecting more.", "Looks great, stands out without needing some crazy color.  super comfortable and still works with a nice collared shirt for a more dressed up look", "I am so loving my new shoes! The purple color is just as shown in the picture, and the shoes are really comfortable and true to size. Now I want to get a red pair too!", "The tongue on this shoe is part of the lining  you must fold it to tighten the laces, bad arrangement, I suppose it may be O.K. if you have a very  WIDE foot. I expected better from Nike.", "I get a lot of compliments with these shoes. They have really nice fabric and the color combination is fantastic. It feels great when I wear these shoes. It is made by Nike so it is a good brand.", "Bought these sneakers for my son to wear to work in a casual workplace.  They look perfect with khakis and are very comfortable.  They fit well and are true to size.", "Bune material, el tama&ntilde;o es perfecto y el color es exacto como se ve en la foto, totalmente recomendado para cualquier persona.", "I bought these shoes for my son.  He gets compliments on them everywhere he goes.  He says they are comfortable and great shoes.  Couldn't beat the price either!***UPDATE:After only a few short weeks of wearing them, they have started squeaking every time my son takes a step.  It is very loud and annoying.  We will have to get him some new shoes.  It won't be these!!!", "shoes fit great but are a little too stiff.  They look great but are not that comfortable.  If you are looking for a comfortable walking shoe these are not it.  If you are looking for a cool, great looking shoe these are it.  I have no idea if they work for boarding because I don't board!  But I am assuming that is why they are stiff.", "This shoe is awful and it's a rip off... I am sooooooooooooo sick to my stomach.. When you pay eighty some dollars for shoes, you expect the real deal..They are not real Nike's..they are thin, and junk...I am so disappointed.....Please don't buy these and make the same mistake I did..=(", "This is a good pair of sneakers. These are great for basket ball. They are also a laddie magnet !", "came early look great just havent been able to be worn yet otherwise very happy with them was very shocked they came so early too", "I rated the shoes a 2 due to the fact that they look really nice, but they are narrow and the canvas does not stretch. If you have wide feet they may be uncomfortable.", "She loves her new shoes.  They are very comfortable she said.  I just glad she likes them.  She wanted them very badly!", "These are by far one of my favorite pair of work out shoes!  They do slip a bit on the wood floor in the work out room, but I will take the slipperiness for how comfortable they are!", "I have about 6 pairs of Nike Free Runs and as they are not going to be making the +2 version anymore I was quick to order these. They run much wider than the newer versions of free runners and are very comfortable. Not great support wise but very cute.  The grey is a little darker than how it looks in the picutre though..", "It's comfortable and looks alright but I never wore it after the first week because i don't really like the all black look, but that's just me. I wouldn't buy them again", "gift for my daughter and she loves them and treat them really well. They fit just right and has her shoe game on point", "Feels like a true &#34;balla&#34; when wearing his Lebron's, truly sports em. They only sell the white in store and was ecstatic to get them in red/black", "Thank you very much, because I have a basketball game tomorrow. Mine is not really good.Good luck for me.Wang Yuxuan.", "I got these shoes for my dad for Christmas because he's such a sneaker head lolz he loves them :)", "I bought these shoes for my sister. She raves about how comfortable they are. She has even recommended I buy myself a pair...", "Olive green is one of my favorite colors, and the shoe is so comfortable. If you like nike's and want a cute pair of shoes that give a bit of height I highly recommend!", "Love these.  They're comfortable, and surprisingly stylish for being primarily black.  The lighter color on top gives them more of a loafer look.", "Very comfortable, could be used as casual wear or for their intended purpose (ACG). I use them as work boots, I alternate with another pair of these in a different colorway and a pair of foamposite boots which are my favorite. Only thing I dislike is the leather is butter-soft so it scuffs easily. But hey, that's to be expected I do roadside assistance.", "He wears them more than I anticipated. The purple (school color) is vibrant but not overbearing. He says they're very comfortable. And great for the snow!", "I love these very dope last of a dyin breed.they pretty much look like them eighty nine mjs.go brooklyn.I live in the three o five dough.", "I owned the original Woodside boots from Nike and loved their low-key appearance and warmth. One thing I wished for was better traction on ice and snow because the soles were a bit too sneaker-like. Woodside II delivers on this and provides slightly more aggressive soles. These still aren't full-on winter boots like Sorels et al but with the improvement on an already great design, it only gets better.I have wide (EE) feet so I wear these 1 full size larger than my usual size and they fit well - thicker wool socks and all. Love the Woodside IIs.", "These boots are cool, really comfortable and nice looking cause of the all leather. Doesn't really help that I'm a nike fanatic.", "Shoes fill great and as expected.  Went right to the court and havent looked back. Great purchase and great grip on the court", "This shoe would have been perfect if the wearer didn't have such narrow and long feet.  She was happy with it so as the buyer I am happy with the  shoes.", "The color and the shape is really good.Love those tiny little dots on both sides of the shoes.Love it love it love it.", "Love because they look great and are really light and comfortablegraet for running or step and pump classeshave another pair at home", "&#34;I really wanted these shoes and was upset that they were sold out in every store so I came to amazon and found them for the exact same price! I placed the order quickly cause I had to have these shoes, they came fast I took them out the box and fell even more in love with them! they fit great and look awesome. I am very pleased I decided to buy them.&#34;", "These shoes are even better than I hoped for. They look awesome and might be the most comfortable shoe, I ever purchased. The size fit is accuate, my 11 fits like a true size 11. Mostly used when I workout, not to durable far as the shoe grip goes so dont plan to play active sports if you want the shoe to last.  Got alot of complements so far.", "Great, 5/5. Quick shipping, perfect fit. Great support, only downside is they take a little bit of time to put on, but great shoes overall.", "rate 1, air force when back too company, too large wear, never reorder sneakers, I would not tell a friend.", "Wow, these shoes are the BEST!!! I have flat feet and they make my feet feel great. They fit really good, they are lighter than I expected. So, so comfortable I wish I could wear them to work! I wear them with jeans and get compliments all day long. Worth the price!!!", "this shoes are nice and shipping was crazy took one day to get here! also very comfy too. the colors are nice and go great with my uniform only bad thing is that the soles turn yellow after a while", "Great shoes, match my uniform and very comfortable on the court. I have other pairs also. But these are my main ones.", "I have  wore  this  tennis  shoe  and  won  a lot of  fans  tell me  what  SHOE  you think  I should  PICK OUT NEXTtime  when it  get old.NEED  YOUR  OPINIONSFROM AMAZON.COMJames JAMISONTEXT MEjjamison623@gmail.com", "nice shoes but bottom of the shoe turns piss yellow quickly. i recomend you dont wear it outside at all", "They look good after months of wearing them. Even in the rain, i wouldn't reccomnd it but there was a lot of random summer storms. Anywho i have the suns colorway dolphin colorway and would get them all over again instead of anything else so far", "I actually look and seek these shoes out. I have a bad heel and this heel fit is awesome! My profession makes me wear these everday, and I do! I have light grey and yellow (bright green) and love those colors. Not a pink or black lover of colors.", "Since no one has offered a review on these shoes, maybe mine will help.  For the shoes I just found in a thrift store have the same 315115 number as the shoes pictured here (exactly 315115-114), and are in a different color combination (presumably the '114'), nearly new.  They have a great deal of cushioning, and the arch support is higher than I've found in other shoes.  But the footbed is not removable: a combination of glue and stitches hold it down.  You can force its removal.The sole doesn't seem like it would be good, has a kind of gel appearance and feels like plastic; but it has traction like gum rubber;  it is stiff.  The shoe is quite comfortable.  How well it lasts, I don't know, but according to the label it was manufactured between March and May of 2007.  It was made in China.Hence if the shoe even now appears nearly new, it was rarely worn: the sole's tread seems new, but has dirt in it.  That may indicate problems with the shoe.  If so, I'll report back here later.  Hence only 3 stars, pending usage.", "I have so many different out fits that match these sneakers its not even funny so im ver satisfied  to see these kicks.", "It's a nice shoe, fits really nicely looks as presented but the leather seems a bit cheaply made, just my opinion.", "My husband is recovering from surgery for a torn Achilles tendon. The physical therapist recommended a shoe with good ankle support and traction. This shoe fit the bill perfectly.", "My son loves these -- gives him confidence as he plays basketball in a league.  A bit pricey, but really made him happy", "Very comfortable. Love the color. Nice shipping time. Glad I bought these. I get compliments on them all the time. Nice snug fit.", "These look great,  I had to get a pair!  Unfortunately I can't wear them more than about 2hrs cuz they are so narrow they kill my feet. I recommend trying them on in a local store,  I wear nike all the time, n never had this issue with another pair. I've had them awhile,  and they haven't broken in to be any more comfortable.  I wouldn't advise anyone to buy these unless you have a very narrow foot", "great fitting shoe, just has that squishy sound after bein worn already. Id definitely recommend them for others to buy.", "I accidentally posted this review on they grey shoe, but I use all black for my work environment. :I only wish I could play ball in them, but from another perspective, im simply a chassis shop worker for 12 years that's never found a shoe (other than the zig, less durable) to have this level of immidiate and lasting comfort, right out of the box, as if they're already broken in. I'm on my feet at least 8 hours a day (concrete), 5 days a week and these shoes just do it. They last a solid 4 months, 6 or more if need be stuff some new insoles.. anyway, can't say enough about them, OTHER than I never pay over a hundred for them, which also means I haven't purchased from amazon YET. and I don't know what Ill do if they discontinue / or I can't get them any longer.", "Expensive but I got what I wanted. Had a hard time findinbg the right size but this was just what I was looking for.", "my daughter begggggged for these for Christmas and when she got them she was so happy . She saidthere are her favorites!", "I bough these for my 12 yr old son who is a huge KD & Nike fan. he loves them! He plays competitive basketball as well as street ball. He usually only wears them for competitive games - & he loves them!", "This shoe fits so well and is very comfortable.  I have neuropathy and this shoe works better than any I have found so far.  I do feel like I am walking on air and I wear them most of the time.  I'm about ready to buy another pair.", "Fits a little foot was smaller than normal airmax should specify a small norm is to buy a larger size to avoid these drawbacks hence the design very attractive and fulfilled the expectations recommended", "My 13 year old son loves these sneakers! They look great too! He goes through sneakers very quickly but has had these for the longest. Great quality !", "this shoe is awsome it has style and is the best  basketball shoe i have ever worn. i reccomend this product", "I love this shoe it really serves the purpose that it is intended for the use.  I really really like it", "nice design and fit my foot as i expect, i love the coclor and it is cheaper than what i think", "I'm a long-distance runner training for a half-marathon. I tend to try to run on dirt and gravel trails as opposed to concrete. I have flat arches and overpronate, and these shoes were built for this and they certainly helped with that quite well. But after only 200 miles in these shoes, for the times that I did have to run on concrete, I noticed they were feeling worn out. There's no longer any &#34;bounce&#34; or &#34;spring&#34; to my steps and started developing outside arch pain due to the lack of support in that spot. In general, I don't plan to train in any shoes longer than 350 miles, but I had hoped to see these last to at least 300 miles before having to get a new pair. I'm ready to retire these early. I wouldn't even walk around for a day in these anymore - not enough support for my low arch.Size: I measure a size 6.5 but it's always recommend to buy a  size up, so I got a size 7 wide. I question if the wide size is what caused that arch support issue for me?Conclusion: If you overpronate, these are great shoes to use. If you have mid to high arches, these are probably perfect for you, and may be worth trying for low arches if you get the right width.", "I have worn Vomeros for about 3 years. I found that they are a great shoe for a neutral runner who wants some amoint of cushioning, I am glad I bought this latest pair through Amazon. Their vendor was right on as far as shipping quickly. That is definitely a 5 star review.", "Perfect fit! I have been running in Vomeros for 7 years and can't find any other shoe that can compare!", "I love my new trail shoes. The tongue of the shoe was a little different to get used to but it's great and stays in place. The heel is my favorite feature of this new shoe. I have great traction and it almost feels like cleats/spikes in the heel-once my foot lands i feel pretty solid.  The mesh in the front of the shoe makes it very breathable. The sizing is a true fit. It took me a few runs to find the perfect sock for this shoe but now i'm in love with this new addition to my Nike family.", "i really loved it i use it every  day for university(it has a lot of stairs)the thing that made me somewhat sad a bout it is the white cushion got cracks and it damaged the look for this beautiful product! :(", "True to size. Soft feel with flexible sole. One of the best shoes Nike has produced. I absolutely love them.", "This Nike is very comfortable and it fits as expected from the sizing charts provided. If u like to run this will be great for u.", "Good shoe but You have to order a 1/2 size bigger to feel comfortable if u have a slight wide foot.", "One of the better pair of running shoes I've ever purchased. They feel incredible and that's all you can really ask for from a shoe. I'm on 140km with them and may replace them with the same model when the time comes.", "I bought this shoe based on reviews here on Amazon and others on running sites but this shoe is not as cushioned as the Nike Air Max which I was replacing so will not purchase again.", "Second pair because they are that good! I like having these in the wings for when my current ones wear out.", "It's good!", "On the first day I ran in this shoe, part of the sole peeled off. I superglued it down and since then haven't had a single problem with this shoe. It has good lateral support and does well with cross training in addition to running.Fit is as expected, color is nice, does the job.", "My husband loves these shoes. He says that they are very comfortable and provide excellent protection against pounding on the pavement.They also give great support.", "Best price I have ever seen in any store, better price than Zapos, and better price than on Nike.store on sale!!!Ordered on a Tuesday and received on Friday. I've been wearing Nike Air Pegasus for about 5 years now, so this is my first pair of the latest model '30'. I haven't run yet but tried them on as soon as they came and have compared them to my current pair of Air Pegasus 29, and I'm sure I won't miss a beat with my 20 mi + per week running regiment.I don't think I will even bother shopping around next time and I will go straight to Amazon when I'm ready for my next pair, in fact I'm going to order another right now while they still have my size at this great price!!!", "This shoe fits perfectly. I love the Pegasus line of Nikes. This is my 4th pair. They fit well, I use them for running and casual wear. No complaints at all.", "Great pair of running shoes, with good arch support when running. I tend to supinate, and so far (~100 miles) these have been solid and supportive. I also want to mention just how blue these shoes are. They are seriously, like mega-loud blue. You definitely get seen in them.", "Shoes fit well. Pegasus is always a reliable neutral shoe. Shoes are reflective which helps to be seen at night. Shoe laces are a little small.", "I had a pair of Pegasus 28s that I put about 650 miles into, as well as one half-marathon, and one full, so I figured I'd stick with what worked. The Pegasus aren't as light as other Nike sneakers - particularly the Flyknits - but they do provide good support and relatively low weight. They seem to offer a bit more heel support than my previous pair of 28s, too.The design is pretty eye-catching, which is a nice perk. As with all running shoes, it really comes down to personal preference. I found that Nikes work for me, but I'd recommend trying before buying.", "I am not sure why the red color was so much cheaper than the other colors I was a little leery it may be a blem or something but had same look and fit of the pair I already owned. Great price and 4 day shipping", "I love these shoes!!! They are wonderful!!! Previously I had trouble running because I have shin splints, the pain from running was too much to deal with so I just gave up. With these shoes though the support and cushion is so good that I am able to run again!!! I highly recommend these shoes to anyone looking for that extra support and padding!", "I haven't had the chance to wear them yet. But from the previous Nike running shoes experience, I can say they deliver as they say.", "I tried to break in these shoes by running 10 miler race.Did very well on the up hills and down hills without knee pain or blisters.Very durable.", "first i got bad knees and a high archs . so biokinetically ( yea i made up that word ) speaking . im an orthopedic accident waiting to happen while running.on top of these shoes i also have top of the line graphite pads for my high arch feet (Pes cavus)i say all that to let you know im , like most people with slight issues in knees and feet , was not made for long pavement running .anyway . i had lots of super quality shoes . asics , saucony triumph  etc.this cheaper shoe is better . much better.it is like running on a pillow .i still need to keep myself running on treadmills rather then pavements cause of my bad knees . but all the other injuries i used to suffer almost instantly with other shoes are gone with these ! .their looks from a very close inspection is very crude but from a normal point of view they look nice. and they are as reviewers say . built to last . a lot longer then other companies shoes which makes u switch them every year atleast.personally i know that some day my &#34;special&#34; legs+knees+feet combo will crack and yell foul and ill have to resort to swimming . eclipticaling ( yea ..another word i made up ) and the likes.but these shoes help a lot delaying that inevitable day .bottom line : heavier then saucony triumph . but much more protective...as if made especially for those of us who were not born with perfect knees .", "These are best, most comfortable jogging shoes I've ever owned. I even bought a 2nd pair for when these wear out.", "They are even more comfortable then I expected.  No complaints.  I will soon buy another pair of Nike's in a different color.", "It is good ,I like it .But it is not well for me , a little small,I can not fit it", "It's a wonderful shoe, I bought for using at the gym an it couldn't be better, I thought the color would have been to bright but. Not , it's perfect !", "Usually training for half marathons and running in NBs, but for longer runs, I wanted to try shoes because of their historic popularity and because I wanted something with more cushion.  This is a good shoe for longer runs, but not as fast and light as my NBs.  I've only run in these a handful of times and need to break them in a bit more, but already have been through 4 and 5 miles with these.Be mindful...", "I tried on the 29s at the Nike outlet and it literally felt like I'd stepped onto a cloud. They were so soft and comfortable. My husband told me that there were 30s so I figured I'd get the &#34;new and improved&#34; version rather than the older pair. When I finally found them in my size they were nothing like the 29s. They're quite hard initially, unlike the other pair. They're okay after a while, they feel good when I run but I take them off immediately following.", "Ok first time writing a review on shoes so here we go, I run over 25 miles per week. I go thru a lot of running shoes. I was looking for something with nike plus and this have it but I purchased this mainly because for some odd reason blue is about 50 dollars cheaper than other colors and that's fine with me. They look nice. I was used to running with the nike flex and that was like running barefoot and it all depends on your running style. But I found that with this there is a lot of support and less leg pains from long runs. Ohh and I did a lot of research before I purchased this and for the price trust me you can't go wrong.", "These shoes are both good looking and comfortable. They came quickly after ordering and the price was reasonable. The variety to choose from is so much greater than trekking through many stores. I don&#34;t have the time or patience for that!", "Really like this shoe. Fits just right, and very comfortable for a long run distances. The sole fells very comfy.", "This shoe is very light and very comfortable.  It is great to run in and use it for workouts like Shaun T25 or PX90.", "great shoe, everything you would expect in a top quality nike. I have two pair now and looking to buy more.", "very nice shoes in these first days that I'm using them.  Definitlely to be recommended for runners needing cushioning and flexibility", "It's an Air Pegasus.  They have been making shoes with this name for a long time.  I have bought them three times and they have always treated me well.  Very comfortable and a little on the soft side, but still supportive.  I have high arches and a wide foot and they are perfect for me.", "Seems a bit shorter than all my previous Pegasus shoes; i.e., six earlier editions.  Almost sent them back but decided to give them a further try.", "Forgive the pun, but the Pegasus is the workhorse of the running shoe world. Solid, dependable, it's been around forever. It just goes to show that the best running shoe is the shoe that fits YOU best. Recently I splurged on a pair of Nike fly-knits. It gets great reviews and it fit me really nicely at first, but after running more than 4 miles in them my ankle started hurting.  I no doubt believe that those who are giving the fly-knit 5 stars are having a great experience. I have learned, and re-learned, though, that for me, nothing beats the Pegasus. It's not a minimalist shoe but it is so soft and has so much padding that I can run forever in these and never feel the pounding. Yes the fly-knit is light as a feather, but I will trade off a little extra weight for a shoe that I can feel and that gives my feet the protection they need. The Nike Vomero is a similar shoe and I recently trained and ran a 1/2 marathon in the Vomero without issues. However, the Pegasus is even more comfortable than the Vomero for me and it is less expensive. I caught a great deal on amazon and got these for $83.49!  I have never been disappointed in the Nike Pegasus- why I waste my money trying the latest craze in running shoe's I don't know. It will be Pegasus forever from now on. I don't know if it's because my meet are a little flat, but I find myself buying the Pegasus and Vomero's a full size and a half larger than my normal shoes and they are very comfortable for me. I know the rule of thumb for running shoes is a 1/2 size bigger only, but you should definitely try these on at a local store and try a few sizes larger before purchasing.", "Have 9.5 in another nike shoe and these are a bit smaller than those. So order accordingly.  You will like them.", "I have been running in pegasus'  for 30 years.  I like that it is consistently designed to always have the same fit and properties, meaning that I can purchase it online without worrying it won't work out.", "I could not have been happier with the price (more than $20 lower than all other vendors) and the shoe arrived BEFORE the promised delivery date. Despite on line reviews, this version of the Pegasus is less flexible than previous iterations, which is why I bought. Shame on NIKE, they can never resist tweaking things that aren't broken.I have no problem with them changing the colors and pretending its a newer version. That beats making a great product worse and pretending that is an improvement.", "These shoes look nice and are almost the same as the previous model in the +29 BUT Nike went and made a HUGE mistake and closed in the toe box BIG Time :o(  Thus making it a VERY snug fit for those(like myself) with wide feet.  I was so disappointed because I LOVE the Pegasus +29's and have 4 pairs of them for running and just for being in everyday while I am out and about.  These are just NOT nearly as comfortable and way too tight on my feet, causing them to need to be returned or gifted to someone else with more narrow feet than my own.  If you have a narrow foot then you might really like these shoes as they are very similar to the +29 and give a great return on your investment but if your feet are wide I would steer clear of them.  Wide feet go for the +29, they are the BEST!", "I am not a long distance runner, but I do run about 15 miles per week consistently and need a dedicated running shoe for support and comfort. Last year, my local running store fit me in a Nike Air Pegasus+ 29s. I loved those shoes and wore them every time I hit the treadmill until I wore them out. They were comfortable, cushiony, supportive, but not too heavy. When I needed a new pair I headed to my local running store in my old Nikes. They put me in these Air Pegasus+ 30s. I love these shoes even more than the 29s. Unfortunately the saleslady sold me shoes a full size larger than last year's Nikes, believing my old shoes were too small on my feet. The new, larger size is not to my liking. The store is reordering them in the same size I wore in my old shoes. Despite this small snafu, I am a big Nike running shoe fan. They fit my small, narrow feet quite well.ADDENDUM: I received the shoe in the smaller size I requested from the store. They fit perfectly, (running the standard 1/2 size smaller than regular shoes) and I've run about 30 miles in them so far. They have been the most comfortable running shoe I've ever used, with the right amount of cushion, but not too heavy. However, the laces are quite short, so if you are used to double knotting your laces, you will need to purchase longer ones. Although I normally double knot mine, I didn't buy extras, and these have not become untied so far.", "Fairly comfortable. I think the shoes will be fine. Hopefully they will stretch a bit as they are narrow for my foot.", "The arch on my left foot has been getting weaker and I was having pain in my foot and left knee after running. I tried these shoes at a local running store (and bought them there). I wound up with size 10.5; I'd say my &#34;normal&#34; size is between 10 and 10.5 as shoes seem to vary so much in their sizing. I'd definitely recommend going on the larger end of the range of sizes you can wear. I have somewhat narrow feet (not narrow enough to need the actual &#34;narrow&#34; sizing though) and the width is great.Since I've been using these shoes (about 2 months) my pain has decreased significantly. They are comfortable while I run. Unfortunately the running shop only had the gray/ orange color which is not my favorite but since I only use them for running it's tolerable. I may buy a pair in another color just for walking as I have not found any arch supports that work with my feet.", "I had a pair of the Pegasus +29 and really liked how they fit and held up during my first marathon so I just bought these to carry me through my second!", "LOVE IT. WILL BE ORDERING MORE ONCE THERE ARE OTHER COLORS AVAILABLE. I AM TRULY HAPPY WITH THIS PURCHASE. I TOTALLY RECOMMEND .", "I'm a 185lb beginning runner and run about 12-15 miles a week.  This is an excellent versatile shoe for roads and trails.  Perfect coushining, stability, and agility needed for my distance.  I liked the 28 version so much I purchased this years model and have not been disappointed.  Excellent fit for normal to wide feet and great arch support.  Toe box is wide enough to allow your toes to &#34;dig in&#34; for some torque.  I know what my standard trainer will be for next year also.", "Fit and cushion expected Excellent!!", "I love Nike Pegasus I feel like I'm walking on clouds, they are very comfortable. I am a big women so I buy mens shoes.They where worth every penny.", "Squishy enough to distribute the extra pounds I put on after knee surgery. Look really nice. Wish they made them without the Nike+ hole.", "Like the tri-tone black/grey/white color scheme so I thought I'd give them a try. Tried them on in-store before ordering online and it's a good thing that I did, because they definitely run a half-size small. I'm usually an 11 & 1/2 but I needed to get a 12. Got lucky on this one.", "Air Pegasus are very good neutral running shoes.  They provide stability, but enough flexibility to keep you from developing injuries.  The mesh upper area keeps your feet cool and makes the shoes lightweight.  The shoes are very durable and hold up well for hundreds of miles of comfortable running.", "The shoes looks great. they gets noticed , but the fit is a bit tight in the big toe area. If worn all day, they can tend to get a little uncomfortable, as I have worn them for a whole day, I suppose I cant return them , so I hope with time maybe they'll stretch a bit , but the width and cushion and arch support make them comfortable otherwise , just wish I had bought them a size longer.", "Light, great color and fresh. Great feel and superior cushioning. A really good shoe just what I expected. Would buy again", "Obviously, everyone  has different needs in a shoe based on many factors. I am an extreme supinator who prefers a neutral shoe with lots of cushioning throughout. I can't wear any shoe with a dual density sole or motion control. I can tell in short order if I'm wearing the wrong shoe, as my arches will flare up during a walk/run. Generally, with Nike, one must buy a half size larger; this has been my experience, anyway. The Pegasus 30 is true to my normal size (11). The full-length Cushlon is top-shelf and it provides plush cushioning throughout the stride. The upper is breathable and seamless, so there are no painful spots on the top of the foot (or anywhere else). The shoe provides a snug and supportive fit and is light in weight. There is plenty of room in the toe box area, so no pinching. The sole provides excellent grip and contact with paved surfaces. Although I haven't run in wet conditions in this shoe, I am certain that the traction would be excellent. Now, I will provide a short list of other shoes that I have worn/run in for extended periods that I feel the Pegasus is superior to: Asics Kayano 19, Asics Nimbus 14, Brooks Ghost 5, New Balance 990. Of course this is based on my subjectivity, but the Pegasus feels lighter and provides more plush cushioning than any of these shoes. I will also mention that this is my first pair of Pegasus. If Nike continues to be consistent with future designs on this shoe, I can't see myself wearing anything else. Highly recommended!", "The shoes seem narrower than normal and had to make sure laces are very loose to not feel too tight on foot.  Also the pads seem very thin in that I am feeling pounding on my foot already, so I feel it when done doing a run.", "I run track and xc and these shoes take a beating. This will be my 4th pair. Theyre perfect for long distance runs, but not for sprinting. They look sweet too.", "Adidas or Saucony used to be my first choice for Running Shoes. Both had recently disappointed in regards to the upper mesh quality. I decided to give the Pegasus 30 a try since it had a very good review on Runners World (Best buy).I don't have a narrow \"Nike-foot\" but the fit of the Pegasus is perfect for me.The neutral cushioning is just right: Comfortable for long runs but not mushy.The quality is excellent and the shoe looks like new after 400 miles.I just bought a second waterproof pair (w/ Shield).", "I have always been a Nike man and this is another winner from Nike. It looks great and fits perfectly.", "Nike may have achieved their level of excellence in making this shoe.  This shoe is so comfortable and stylish.  When I'm standing still I like to shift my weight back and forth because I like the way my feet feel when they sink down in the soles.  My feet are surrounded by clouds.  Tell the ad agency to start the commercial with people running around all day with clouds on their feet because clouds are light and fluffy.  At the end of the day you show pegasus on their feet.  And show 120 lbs dumbbells on everyone else's feet.Thank you so much for the Pegasus.Just Do It!Robby Rice", "What a great product. Fits perfect and i already have several months going to the gym and running with no problem at all.", "WAS  AND IS A GREAT DEAL SHOES ARE WPRN DAILY BY RECEIPENT.  I  AM CONSTANTLY LOOKING FOR DEALS LIKE THIS", "I wanted them to be blue but the grey is fineIt is shame that there was no clarefication about the color", "If you like running or just walk a lot, you will love this shoe.  The sole has such a nice cushion and they are so comfortable.", "Shoe was nice but too small for me.", "I bought the sneakers for walking, not for running. I figured if there good for running, they will be great for walking, which they are. They are light, roomy and your feet stay cool.", "I have worn Pegasus for literally 20+ years, I currently run 25 miles per week and weigh 170 lbs, run about a 3:50 marathon. These feel to me like some of the better, more comfortable Pegasus models I have worn in the past. I generally like Nike shoes because they fit my feet well but they frustrate me at times because the ones I like (e.g Vomero 5) are sometimes replaced by successors that are quite a bit different, functionality-wise, but that is an old story.A quick note on the sizing of these: I tried Hokas and loved the cushion but they are just too narrow for my feet. I had to give them up. I tried Vomero 9s, and those too were too tight so I went to Vomero 9 wides, and those fit very well. The regular width 30+ Pegasus fits me fine, not too narrow. I'm just trying to share a couple examples in case you have tried similar shoes. Speaking of the Vomero 9s I would recommend them about the same as these, with the exception of needing a wider model. My knees need a little more cushioning (I'm 53) and both of these Nike models (Pegasus 30 and Vomero 9s) allow me to run without pain or injury.", "Great shoe. Well made and very comfy. Was recommended for those who supinate.  I am not a runner, but walk many mile daily.  A keeper.", "Very comfortable, great price, fit as expected, perfect for running. I seriously recommend this article. The sole has somewhat great cushioning.", "Very comfortable. I am wearing this shoe every where, not just in the gym. I've got a lot of compliments on it.", "The feel big and bulky; but them don&#8217;t feel like that when you start running. They feel light, comfortable and sturdy protect your feet/", "Since I am a 9 I figured I'd order them a half-size bigger. To my surprise they fit me snug. If you are going to order them I suggest you order them a whole size bigger.", "this sneaker offers maximum support for me - a supinator recovering from sore achilles tendon. trail running is fun again.", "Love these shoes.  Perfect amount of support and cushion.  I have a really high arch and I can actually wear these all day after my workout, if needed.  Runs a little small (or maybe it's my thick socks?) so go up 1/2 size.  Great shoes!  Love the colors too.", "I'm normally a 6.5, I ordered a 7 and they fit perfect, however a 7.5 might be a better fit. I do like that they are more wide than narrow.", "They all said to get a 1/ 2 larger and they were spot on!The shoes are awesome. i am a life long fan of Nike, having had some pairs for well over a decade and these do not disappoint.", "look much nicer on the photo. When they arrived I was disappointed.They look kind of bulky on the foot. Send them back.", "Bought these trail shoes because they are built on the Nike Free last and have been road running in Nike Frees for years. They are awesome trail shoes, giving you lots of support without too much bulk or weight. Feel similar to the Nike Free except with added support. And the color is cute but doesn't show much trail dirt. Will definitely reorder when they wear out.", "So comfy, got for my son want for myself, will have to get me a pair sooner than later on.", "My husband saw these while we were shopping but the store did not have his size.  We came home and I ordered them from Amazon.  They are very nice shoes, just like the ones in the store and fit very true to size.", "This is a great shoe. It is light weight, comfortable, and seems sturdy. I am very happy with this purchase so far.", "Have yet to run in them but they fit great, nice arch support and are super light. Plus the fabric is very porous which will provide good air flow.", "I'm wearing the shoes as I right this review.  The shoes were shipped and at my door two days after ordering (thanks to amazon prime).  As soon as I put them on, it was what I imagine Cinderella felt when she put on the lost glass slipper.  If I didn't have to work or sleep, I'd wear these shoes all the time.  I like them so much, I don't want to use them for their intended purpose (running) because I'd hate to ruin them.  I'm thinking about ordering another pair just run in.  If you're on the fence about these shoes, takes the leap and buy them.  They're not the lightest shoes available but for less than $60, you can't really go wrong.", "Of course Nike Quality is there,  they are lightweight and very comfortable. Excellent support in the foot bed !", "I had bought these Nike's as a replacement for my Nike Free Run's 3.0, for better support. Reviews were mostly positive, however, when I received, my left foot fit perfectly, while my right foot was tight and uncomfortable. Never experienced this before, and must be some sort of manufacturing tolerance they allow between left and right. Anyway, my sons keep telling me I first need to break them in, which is what I'm doing right now. Feels better after a couple days, and ok enough for me to keep them, but I did not expect this. Overall the shoes are good, but not as comfortable as my Free Run's 3.0. Better support for my feet. Took them out on a couple runs, but still trying to break through the tight right foot.", "These fit very well and are very light. Great shoe for working on your feet! Will buy Nike again for sure", "They are wicked comfortable, like walking on air, and the colors are bright and the black and white detail is just right.", "the arch is quite pronounced but you get used to it (I found it much more pronounced on my left foot, this happened to every Experience Run 2 I've tried on Sports Authority... maybe it's my foot but I have no problem with other shoes).", "this was a great buy, i actually bought these shoes for my boyfriend and was concerned that they wouldn't fit him, but they did and he loves them....totally recommend anyone who's thinking of buying them to get them.", "The fit of these sneakers are perfect I have trouble buying sneaker and these are the best in sometime I gave purchased Thanks. Do you have any coupon codes for Amazon I am constantly purchasing from Amazon but never can acquire a coupon code", "I've had these shoes for about 3 weeks now. They fit as expected and have been very comfortable. The cushioning in the shoe is very easy on my feet when running, playing basketball, or doing physical activities in general. I will update in a few months with how the shoe holds up to extended use, but for now, I am very happy with it.", "I like the color and the feeling when I wear this Red Shoes. Weight is perfect and doesn't make my feet or legs feeling any pain wearing in a 12 hours shift working. I received lots of compliments from my coworkers and patients, they just love looking my shoes.I will be buying again other colors with this model soon. The red is a star everywhere I go. Just love the feeling wearing this shoes every time.Highly recommend to everyone who loves fashion and comfort. Wearing this shoes for work, just for casual, and for working out, is also great and one of the best in it's kind. Try this model and you will love it, guaranteed.", "Because these shoes are amazing! They feel like walking on heaven thats why I am so pleased...highly recommended! Colorful and confortable.", "I haven't had any issues with this shoe so far...it fits just fine and is comfortable for working out (that's all I use it for, not every day wearing).  The material is soft and flexible and it seems to be holding up after many months.", "it is nike so don't need questions, fits ok and the color is cool, it arrived in the right date and I recommend it", "I bought this for my 10yr old son. He loves them.  He says they're comfortable and they look just like the picture.", "Light and bright. Very comfortable.  Shipped quickly.  Took a little while to get due to USPS. Fit as expected.  Will buy more.", "Received ahead of schedule and fits perfectly, once again my expectations are surpassed!  I highly recommend these shoes to anyone interested in having comfortable feet!", "I was leery of purchasing this Nike. Most Nike's are way too narrow for me. This one looked wider than normal for a Nike. It fits very well and very comfortable to walk in.", "I have come to find that Nike running shoes fit my foot perfectly.  I love the consistency in their product line so that I can depend on all shoes in my size from Nike fitting, every time.These are great, light shoes that fit and function just fine.  The price is hard to beat for a Nike shoe.  The Nike logo is a decal, which I'm not a big fan of, but for the price I can't complain.", "I love this shoes, the are perfect for running. Pretty nice color. I loved these shoes, they are perfect for running, the foot can sweat properly.", "I run about 3 miles daily and this shoes are very comfortable, it fit very good, and very light", "Okay for a basic trainer. Sole is a little stiff for a minimalist type shoe. Some what overrated but for a basic it is sat", "Not sure if it is just the style shoe, but no other Nike I own fits this way. They are a little loose around the toes.", "Long time since I have had Nike sneakers and now I can't remember why I didn't have them. Very comfortable and still good for day to day wear as well as running. Great shoe.", "My son loves these sneakers. He is 9 years old with a men's size 8 foot and it is hard to find shoes that are high quality and don't cost over $100! These were a great price and fit him perfectly. We measured his foot on the Nike website and the instructions were obviously correct to get a great fit with a little extra room for growth.", "gave that rating because i bought these for my boyfriend for christmas and that is how many stars he said he would give it.", "I ordered these trainers for my husband who is 6'5&#34; and so has large wide feet.  They were a good fit and he has no complaints.", "I got these as a gift for my boyfriend, he loves them. They are stylish and fit perfectly! U can't beat the price either!", "I didn't buy these off of amazon, but I do own a pair. These shoes are light, but still provide some stability. They are quite comfy. Definitely recommend", "Great shoe, comfortable, great to go running in. Must buy this shoe you regret it and it's nt a waste of money", "Im sure that you can  find with this shoes running the confort and the best feel running sport shoes are excelent choise.", "as light as can be but still feel very sturdy.  very good product and i recommend them to any runner", "Bought as a present for my husband and i was worried how they would fit. He was very happy when he saw them and he said they are also very comfortable. I am very happy with my purchase.", "Fit great, well ventilated, durable, and I even like the way they look. I'm usually around a 12 1/2, but the size 13 fits perfect.", "goood ,,fit well and comfortable,, nice colors and expect more than this ,, i use them for run and they nice", "Nike shoes run small so I know to order a full size larger than normal..you should too. Shoes are comfortable.", "The shoes were 60$$ and there so worth buying them. there a comfortable fit, they showed up on time and they cushion your feet in the right spots. I recommend these shoes to people who run or need  new casual shoes", "I've been wearing Nike Free shoes for about 6 years now and love them. My Free 5's were starting to wear so I decided to find some replacements. The new 5's aren't as comfortable with weird support cables running with every lace. No thank you, not comfortable. This is my 3rd pair of Flex shoes purchased in 6 months. No, nothing wrong with them, I've kept them all. While they do not appear that they can flex as much as the free's due to not having all the sole cuts, that doesn't matter. I can't tell the difference between having these or the frees on, OTHER than not getting small gravel stuck in between the grooves.They're vented and super supportive. They fit true to size as I wear a 13 in about 99% of nike's and have a wide foot.", "over all everything is great very comfortable. affordable and timely. only wish there was more selection on sizes and width.", "Had some issues with the shipping/receiving of this product. Their CS was on top of the matter and was able to get to the bottom of this. Ultimately my bf got his shoes are in love with them! Thanks!", "I had bought a pair at Big5 and liked them so much I bought a second pair  so I could have a pair for work and a casual pair for after hours.", "RUNS SMALL. I ALREADY NEW IT DID SO I ORDERED THE NEXT SIZE UP. PERFECT FIT AND COMFORTABLE", "its little bit bigger than I thought but its okay.the colar and layouts were like what is was in the pictures", "I like this product as where it is light and is perfect to when I play sports, loves the design etc.", "I use this sneakers running outdoors and exercising at the gym. They are light, with cushion and support. I love them!", "Seemingly comfortable sneaker, but way too big. I ended up just returning, not sure what size to exchange for so I just returned.", "Daughter loves them....", "Like jogging on clouds", "Run a bit small I'm normal 7.5 and these are 8 and still small. I do love the color. Thanks", "I am &#8220;hobby runner&#8221; who is usually running at the gym, but I also wanted to get a pair of shoe that I could use outside once the weather gets better. While there are so many different options for outside and inside running, I am only using these shoes a few times a week, so I really couldn&#8217;t justify getting several pairs of shoes. Since my ankles are rather weak- I broke the twice- I really wanted to get a pair that is cushioned, flexible, yet stabilizes my feet while running, so I don&#8217;t get hurt. Its also very light which is a plus.I heard that its not the best fit if you are looking something for long distance, but if you are not planning to get something to run a marathon, but to have a real good pair to keep fit whenever and wherever you are, I really recommend it, I absolutely love them!Oh, and as a girl I also love that its not only nice to wear but looks pretty too :)", "Product came as described, thanks! I have high arching feet so these sneakers were perfect for my type of foot.", "Great for running the trails and streets . Feels very comfortable after you break them in . Worth it for the price !", "This product is of good quality.  I would definitely recommend .  Like the fit and the price.  Prefer Nike in sport shoes.", "Love the shoes - perfect fit and amazing comfort level. Plus the black/gray/white color combination is subtle enough I can wear these with a variety of outfits, even if they stray a bit away from traditional work-out gear. Can't recommend highly enough - my sister and mother each now own a pair, too!", "All I have to say is be patient with this shoe. I thought I made a mistake after I bought this shoe after my first use. After a few walks and runs, it started to feel very comfortable.", "These shoes are even better looking in person but they definitely are a little snug. Not TOO snug that I'd send them back but I definitely need to wear them in a little first.", "Fit well , same size as my other Nikes. Very comfortable with a lot of support for my bad knee", "I Love them!!!! They fit true to size. Favorite of all my running shoes. Would recommend to all. Great shoe.", "These shoes are very light and comfortable and i get a lot of compliments on them wherever i go. Great Purchase!", "I have wide feet with narrower ankles and a neutral foot strike.  The Air Pegasus is comfortable, well cushioned, with a great fit.  My previous pair was the +29.  The +30 fit a little better through the forefoot which make for a much more comfortable run.  When these wear out I plan to order them again.", "Beautiful and comfortable. I definitely recommend this product. Fit as expected. It is good for jogging and also for walking.", "Fit well comfortable great arch support and lovethe look.  I would recommend them and have to all my friends and family", "I just love, love these sneakers. The fit is great, the comfort is excellent, I would recommend these sneakers to All the Ladies", "I had the Pegasus+ 29 that was the water resistant - it was an OK shoe after all the other Nike running shoes I loved were discontinued for 'cute' nike running shoes that you can't run in.  I got this pair a little over a week ago and I like them even more than the 29.  I run around two miles and I tried litterally a dozen others from Mizuno, Asics and Nike and this was right away comfy and finally not not a bright color.  Everyone likes something different but I tried more expensive Nike sent them all back.", "As an underpronator, I'm generally told to look for a running shoe that is cushioned, flexible, and has arch support but no stability features. The cushion is to offset the fact that my foot is rather rigid (which is why it doesn't roll in to the neutral position). I need impact to be absorbed, so I don't hurt myself. The flexibility is to encourage my foot to roll inward in much as it is willing to do so. And the arch support reduces the affect of impact on my arch, and as a result helps me avoid plantar fasciitis (which I have suffered from in the past).This shoe meets all the above criteria. Despite being incredibly well cushioned, it somehow also manages to be flexible in the forefoot. The middle section of the shoe wraps my foot snugly, lending arch support. I feel both secure and comfortable in this shoe. Also, this shoe is lighter than some other cushioned shoes I've tried. In short, I love it!Sizing note: My non-running shoes are all 8-8.5. My running shoes are generally size 9. I need a 9.5 in these, to get the roominess that is recommended for when feet swell during running.", "Love the shoes! I tad small but kept them anyways. If you order these I would sugget ordering a halh size bigger.", "very comfy and fit me true to size.  i have the black, lime and pink...it's not purple as the picture shows.", "Have a pair already and use them for work . They are so comfortable i had to get another pair.", "I found my first pair of these at a running store, and decided to get a second pair to switch with while training for a half ironman.  I got blisters in my previous pair - but no blisters with the Pegasus.  Great sneaker for my foot and needs.  My foot runs a little wide, but isn't a &#34;W&#34; width.  Some other sneakers I tried on were either too tight on my forefoot, or pinched/rubbed/cut into my Achilles heel.  These have a nice soft back - they stay firmly on and don't slide around, and no more blisters!", "I've worn Nike Women's Air Pegasus for many years. My current ones were model 27. And it looks like the 28 model have been similar. Unfortunately, I can't get model 27s (or 28s) any more. So I thought buying these would bring me up to the current generation. Unfortunately, when these arrived, they looked nothing like the Air Pegasus models I've been wearing.These have a much thinner, wider mesh that appears to be very insubstantial and cheap, nothing like the goretex from earlier models. Rather than having leather or vinyl toe guards, side stripes, or laced top area, these appear to just have rubber or something painted onto the mesh. There is no heel guard at all, just a mesh. Much of what was sewn or reinforced appears to just be glued or some thin plastic layer.These shoes looked so cheap and insubstantial that I just sent them back as a waste of money. I didn't even try them on. Very disappointed in Nike for these changes.", "These shoes fit PERFECTLY. It honestly feels like I'm wearing nothing at all. Walking on &#34;air&#34; so to speak. Even my posture feels better. I love running in them. Not to mention, they are super stylish :) I'm planning on buying another pair in another color.", "Just as I imagined it. Too goodIt was quite difficult to choose my size, however I read the nike size document and it helps me. Fit exactly as I wanted.", "I gave this to my friend and she loves it . It fits well and she loves the colors of the shoe", "I think Nike's shoes always run a little small, so I order them a half size bigger. These are no different, but half size bigger fits perfect. These have just enough color to be fun, but not obnoxiously bright. Very happy with them!", "There are a little smaller than I expected but I can still wear them. They are comfortable.I have had more complements on how great they look. I have to admit that they are myfavorite colors!", "We had to take these back to the outlet and they only gave us partial credit to get something else. Not really worth ordering online!", "After I received a pair of these shoes as a gift I decided to purchase a pair for my older sister, since she works in retail and is on her feet all day.  She called and told me that her feet and back did not hurt, and she thanked me over and over!  I definitely and highly recommend these shoes!  Thank you", "I bought these shoes for my 13 year old daughter because she needed new athletic shoes.  She loves them!  They fit great and are ultra comfortable for her - a great find!", "Really like the style and width of these shoes. Very comfortable, bouncy sole as well. Length is definitely a slightly shorter fit than my other Nikes of the same size though, which means these are slightly small for running but great for everyday use.", "Love them now on ording from u now, don't see people wearing them love being different see u next school yr.", "Not only do they look great but they really are comfortable. Yes they are pricey but you pay for quality and style. I have had several people at the gym ask me where I bought my shoes.", "Love them! So glad I decided to get them, they are comfortable and cute! They were also a reasonable price!", "I had the Pegasus +29 and was wary of any changes Nike made to this new model, but it was almost the same feel (for me) so I was very happy!", "Bought another pair of Nike shoes from Amazon, see below, that were just good to go onto my feet out of the box.http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0023QINXU/ref=oh_details_o06_s00_i00?ie=UTF8&psc;=1OK, so the laces are a little short and the color is more berry than purple but those issues are minor considering the immediate fit.The Nike Air Pegasus+ 30, on the other hand, is definitely more purple.  The laces are also a little on the short side.  Not sure why, but Day One there was a little right foot discomfort that was not as bad Day Two.  I'm hoping, for whatever reason, these Nike's just need a couple of days to get comfortable with my feet.(Truth be told?  I'd go with the other Nike shoe.)", "These shoes are super comfortable! They are affordable and they are extremely light. I have purchased Nike AirMax in the past and I prefer these over the nike AirMax and the price is even better. The size wasn't irregular, my size fit me perfectly. I read a lot of good reviews before I ordered these and they really did not disappoint!", "They fitted perfectly and are very comfortable for running.  I loved these sneakers, a little bit flashy but they worked perfect!", "Not the sellers fault by any means. I bought these by reading all the reviews but not once was it mentioned the shoes ran small. I wish I would have tried them on at a local store before purchasing online. Anyone out there reading this just get a half size bigger than your normal size or go try them on first. Even though they are tight I still wear them running I wasn't paying to return them. Tell you what I use to get shin splints all the time when speed walking not any more these are really awesome just wish I could enjoy them at their highest performance.", "I bought these as a gift.I checked and she had a similar pair of Nike shoes, so I ordered the same size. They fit and she wore them for her fitness activities that night.She has had multiple people comment on the color combination.It actually looks better in person then in the pictures. I was not sure if I would like  them, but I do like the combo.", "Love the feel and the color. But if you're a runner, these are probably not the running shows for you. I wear them for fun, or to the gym.", "Very comfortable shoe, exact size , some of the better color combinations are not available.This shoe is fitsole 2.", "I've been wanting these shoes since late last year. I was very excited to find them on Amazon. I got them yesterday and I don't want to take them off!  They are perfect- great quality. Couldn't be happier!", "I won't claim to be an old pro when it comes to running as I've only been serious about it for just under two years now, but I can say this: I love these shoes.No, really.  It's got nothing to do with the pretty colors (though there ARE several combinations to choose from), but moreso with the fact that I was overwhelmingly satisfied with the shoes I was already running in (La Sportiva Helios women's), and, thinking I would never need to switch, almost didn't even give the famed Pegasus a second glance.(Cue a gift certificate to the local Running Room and enter pretty colors...)I at first hesitated to buy any shoe heavier than my Helios', however when informed that 80% of injury reported to my local store were from wearing the Nike Frees, I quickly repented.I had read reviews of the Pegasus 30's and saw they fit small and to go a half size up.  I tried my typical size (8) and then 8.5 and the reviews were spot-on.I took them home, blasted out a quick 2 miles on the treadmill and immediately called the store to inform them of my immense satisfaction with these beautiful shoes.  For one, the ride is smooth and the heels have GREAT cushion without compromising overall shoe weight.  I've been healing up a bad heel which usually becomes sore after any amount of running at all, but not this time!Over the weekend I took them out again - this time on a mix of road and trail.  After about 4 miles on the road and about 6 on trail, I decided that I still hadn't had enough so I spent my last 2 miles sprinting up and down hills near my house.  These shoes not only provided great comfort but did not rub, scratch, irritate my feet in any way and I have absolutely NO pain in my left heel, knee, or hip which has become relatively characteristic after a long run.In summary - I have some new favorite shoes.", "GreetingsI bought a shoes Nike Air Pegasus+30 Green Glow / Black / Silver / White Running, size 8.5 and i received the same shoes but size 5. Therefore I'm not agree with the product received.I would like to know how can you solve this issue.", "I worn a lot of Nike's, but the Pegasus are definitely my favorite. I'm new on the Pegasus band wagon, but I'll likely never wear another model shoe. It's a super comfy and stable fit especially now that I'm running. Can't thank Nike enough for such a great shoe. Changed my life.", "It is comfortable and fits perfect! I run half marathon with it, feels so good! No feet pain and cusions support well!", "I love Pegasus, I have been running in them for years, and have a ton of the different models. These ones are still great, but these pegasus just feel different than in the past. They are a little stiffer and take more time to break in. Super comfy after a week or two!", "This was perfect for what I needed. I run 20 miles a week and this made my feet feel so much better.", "I'm 7 months pregnant and wanted a comfy shoe to ubsorb my extra weight and handle my 4-5 mile walks. This shoe does just that. Perfect for now. Looking firward to jogging in July!", "Soooo comfortable & cute too,  feels like im walking on clouds. Arrived on time and had no issues. Fit great.", "They fit great. I read other reviews that said they ran a little small so I went up half a size. Usually an 8 got the 8 1/2 and love then.", "There are no words for how amazing this shoe is. I am sorry I haven't looked at the Nike Pegasus in a long time. I feel like a kid again running in these shoes - they are that perfect. The cushioning is firm without being spongy. The new trend seems to be \"spongy\" cushioning that is not good for tendons around your ankle and calf.  (Asics!) I have a neutral strike with no suponating or pronating, and I have high arches. If that describes you, this may be the shoe for you. I love it.", "These shoes are quite comfortable, and this is the 4th pair that I have purchased.  The only problem that I have had is the size and length. My normal size is 8 but it takes 8.5 for this shoe. I started out with a 7.5 and now with 8.5, my toes touch the end.", "I love these shoes! The colors are the exact same as in the picture, size fits perfectly, and they are a lot more comfortable than I expected!", "I consistently replace my running shoes with Nike Pegasus kicks and they are always great and always fit perfect.  Love 'em!", "I love Nike Pegasus shoes!! This is my 3rd pair! I have tried other shoes and none have come close to fitting right! These are the most comfortable shoes EVER! I have very difficult feet. My feet are flat and I have such a hard time finding shoes that fit and keep my feet from not hurting. I will always own Pegasus shoes!", "I love these.  beautiful color.  Lightweight and cushion sole make my morning run effortless.  Can't stop the compliments from coming even from strangers on the street!  Worth the price with comfort fit.", "Followed the advice of other reviews and sized up by half a size, but when I got them, they were much too large!  I have found that Nike shoes are a little weird with sizing (some run small, some large, some TTS), so I wasn't too upset by it.  However, I will be returning and ordering my normal size 8.  The Pegasus 30 itself is awesome.  I own Frees (3.0 and 5.0) and Flyknit Lunars, some Saucony pairs and honestly, these are my favorite.  They offer a ton of support for my knees but they aren't clunky and cumbersome.  The colors are super cute!  I run distance and these hold up.", "I've only worn the Air Pegasus for 7 years now. This latest pair is just as I expected. Great cushion for pounding the pavement! They have a bit more mesh than my previous pair, but we are coming up on a hot summer so I consider that a positive.", "I feel Nikes always fit a little small compared to other brands, so I ordered a half size up. The quality is nice and the colors are great!", "Great running shoe with a great price. These shoes offer quite a bit support and are roomy in the toe area.  Any Nike shoe I buy, I get a 1/2 larger than my normal size.", "This shoe runs slightly larger than the other Nike runners I have purchased lately. I usually order a women's size 9 but an 8 1/2 would've been better in these.Cute, comfortable & lots of compliments!", "Good shoe", "I always have trouble finding shoes that fit right.  Glad someone suggested these - love em!  The neutral shoes I've had in the past have never been that comfortable - it always seemed like there wasn't enough cushion.  These are perfect though.  It's a light shoe with plenty of cushion.  I had foot surgery earlier this year so my foot is still a little tender.  Since these are seamless uppers nothing rubs on the scar/surgery area.", "One thing I should state is that I didn't get these shoes for running; I got them all for wear/style.I've got to say, these are beautiful shoes. They look exactly as pictured and the blue color is extremely flattering. I range between a 7.5 - 8 & I ordered the 8 to be safe. The 8 fits perfectly & looks great on my feet. I love the fit & feel of this shoe. It's very comfortable & I'm extremely happy with my purchase. Great shoes! Also, delivery was quick and easy.", "These shoes are so cute and so comfy! I definitely recommend these shoes to anyone who needs some extra support.", "I love these shoes and the color and fit are great!  Will buy Nikes again.  Very comfortable. I get compliments every time I wear them.", "Very comfortable, and great delivery!", "Excellente", "Fits like a glove! Used it to run on the treadmill and felt so good. Comfort level was an A+! So light and airy!", "I Love them!!!!  They fit true to size.  Favorite of all my running shoes.  Would recommend to all.  Great shoe.", "i wear these with my black capri yoga pants and they look great. i bought a 7.5 and they fit me perfectly (I normally wear 7.5).", "I really like these shoes, they are my first pair of Nikes and I get a lot of compliments on the Green Glow. They're decently padded and have pretty good grip, running through snow is a piece of cake and ice is still a little scary but no problems slipping yet. I wish there were a winter alternative to these since I have to run through ice and snow when it is 20 degrees and below; these shoes are a bit too well ventilated. It's very difficult for me to find shoes that fit my feet well and are comfortable, and these ones really hit the spot. It really would be great if they made these same shoes but for colder climates. I can't wait to wear them in the summer though!", "Shoes fit well and my daughter is happy, but colors looked better on line than they do in reality.  Over all we're happy with the purchase.", "I had purchased the Pegasus+ 29 and loved them, wore them out, so got the upgrade Pegasus+ 30.  These are the most cushy and comfortable running shoe I've bought.  Good support and feels like I'm running on clouds.  I would recommend them for sure.", "I love a soft shoe and this shoe is one of the softest. It's like running on pillows, which I love. I haven't had them long, but I worry about how long they'll last. All that cushion... just seems like they'll wear out sooner than other cushion shoes. So far, so good though.I run around 10-12 miles a week, 3-5 times a week.", "Shoe ran small and narrow. Nice shoe if it fits.I have difficult feet to fit. Sell did a fantastic job.", "These shoes are my absolute favorite! Feels like I'm running on marshmallows! I would totally recommend these to anyone looking for a new pair of sneakers!", "Best running shoes ever, hands down. I love these sneakers. I was worried they wouldn't be as good as the 29s, but they are just as comfy. Although I still like the styling of the 29s a little more.", "We got these for my granddaughter who says she wears them everyday to journey back and forth across campus.  She loves them and says they fit true to size!", "Squishy and light. Very nice shoe overall. My wife loves the design, the fit and colorway. Thirtieth generation. Just do it.", "The shoes fit me perfectly. However, they are seemed blemished. One side of my left shoe has two white spots and the back of the shoe has a yellow speck. Also looking at the shoe tread, it seems someone has already worn the shoes for several times. Actually, I was disappointed.", "Love these shoes. I don't normally wear them to run in, but they look great and are exactly what I wanted. Fit perfectly and provided a little more support then most Nikes do, but like I said, I don't use these to run in.", "I brought these shoes at a Fleet Street store after requesting sneakers that would not aggravate bunions. After a professional fitting I was surprised that I needed a 10 - normally I take a 9. A few weeks later I got custom-made orthotics and found that I can place them in the shoe without removing the inside. I wore these sneakers for a few months to Zumba class and treadmill workouts then took them on a 2 week trekking trip to Chlie/Bolivia - no bunion pain whatsoever. I just ordered my second pair since my original pair went through water, sand and rocks and look it :)", "My wife got these to begin training for a marathon and loves them so far (about a month in). They look great but more importantly have great support and comfort. The size seems to be pretty on target (doesn't run big or small). If you run 3-4 times a week for 3-5 miles, these are good shoes.", "These sneakers are stylish and comfortable. And the colors are awesome. Worth the price for sure.  They fit true to size", "Nike Air Pegasus +30 is an excellent cushioned running shoe. This type of shoe seem to be increasingly difficult to find. Nike fits true to size and the heels wear well (they don't run down quickly). If you need a shoe for over pronation, I don't think this would be stable enough, but for a flat footed supinator like me this shoe works well.", "its good. but color is bad.if you want softly cousion shoes to buy this.good. this product. buy this .", "These shoes are so comfortable!  They feel like walking on cushions.  I have a bad knee and these shoes help me to walk anywhere with no pain.  They're great for working on your feet all day, and for taking long walks.  Plus, the color is bright and absolutely gorgeous!  I have two pairs already and plan to but only these shoes from now on.", "When I opened the box I was amazed how beautiful this sneakers are and when I tried them on I loved them. They are light and comfortable.", "Very comfortable shoe. Love the colors too. This is my third pair of pegasus'. Would love to by more soon.", "One of my favorite Nike sneakers hands down. They are very comfortable & would recommend them to everyone. Want to order now in different colors. Just waiting for the price to go down a bit.", "The shoe is comfortable for a person with no issues such as wide feet or bunions....I wish Nike would make the wide version, I would have exchanged the shoes rather than received a refund.  Packaging was great, as well as delivery and return.", "Great fit.", "my wife read the reviews before purchasing and saw that the sizes ran a little small so we got a size larger than she normally wears.  Accounting for the slightly smaller sizes, the shoes fit her well after going up a size and she is happy with them so far.", "Love these shoes! I would recommend them to everyone. The fit, look, and feel is awesome. Price is alittle steep.", "Have always been my fav running shoe! I have tried fancier ones and hated them. Love the simplicity of Pegasus", "They fit great and were so cute, but one of the shoes had definitely been used and even had wear and tear on the soles. How rude!", "All I can say about these shoes is......&#34;slippers!!!&#34; Very,very comfortable! &#128077;", "I love the Pegasus.  They are cushioned and have a neutral ride.  I wear custom orthotics and the Pegasus works well with those.", "My new running shoes have been a wonderful experience, I really love it because are nice for trails and the cushioning it's great for my type of feet. I get less exhausted than before because my feet used to hurt me immediately I start running. It's the Nike experience.", "These shoes look nicely and is very comfortable. We like them very much. I would recommend them to anybody too.", "There are several things that disappointed me:1.  The soles are so thin that the ball of my foot started hurting on a half-mile walk.2.  There is no pad at the toe, so that when I walked uphill, my toes took a bruising.3.  My ankle began hurting because of the lack of support.4.  This particular style- pink an grey, looks MUCH worse than in the photo.  I ordereda pair and they don't even look like tennis shoes.  They look like some sleazy off-brand.I own three pairs of Pegasus - all are over 10 years old.  They are so wonderfullycomfortable.  And so sturdy.  It is depressing to see Nike killing off thisonce fantastic shoe.", "Most comfortable shoes I've ever worn, however, they are falling apart after just a few months of wearing them to work. And I work a desk job so I'm sitting most of the time. Never even ran in them. The rear of the shoe has worn down to the plastic support so now there's plastic digging into my heel.", "These are fabulous shoes! They are lightweight & comfortable. I have been able to increase my workout b/c of great support!!", "I choose rating to give my opinion, I will consider only to myself everything I buy from Amazon, one product only I dislike it was the pound cake mix with the hint of lemon.", "I am a size 8.5 and bought a 9 and the shoes caused blisters. I have worn my socks with other shoes before and never had a blister problem. After a week of running/walking in it my shin started to hurt really bad. Not buying these ever again.", "these are one of the best sneakers i ever bought fit great look great i will recommend them buy them fit great and feel great", "Love these! They fit great and look awesome! I am very happy with this purchase and would love to have another pair in different colors.", "Very comfortable and light. Provide excellent heel support and air heel reduces impact on the knees, ery good shoes for running, besides they look great, although yellow cords are a bit on the bright side.", "Poor quality shoe, definitely not suited for running.  Runs a little small and tight around the toes.  Really only suited for light casual wear with shorts when going to the Mall.  Sole is very cheap plastic feeling.  Mesh or light cloth top, that is thin.  Overall a waste of my money.  Off-white color too that is not that pretty.  More of a dirty white.  Not as pretty as the online picture.  Would not buy again.  Probably wind up donating them to St Vincents.  AVOID these.  Go for Nike Copious model if you like to run.", "This shoe could use a little more cushion, if you are used to those with AIR. Overall nice color combination.", "I have to admit there are some minor flaws on the shoe but they are sooooo comfortable and they are super light I would probably buy these again! Plus they look good too", "Too TOO small. i ussually wear 9 size ..but these were tight and small also, me not being a big food guy..anyway i sold them and bought some other pair 10 SIZE these are good but ...do u guys have at nike 9.5 BUT WIDE?  or just regular size", "Shoes get better as they get broken in, but this pair felt better from day one that any shoes I've purchased in at least five years. I have an extremely comfortable pair of UGG shoes that feel the same way.", "Very comfortable shoe that seems to be made of quality material. Looks great and would recommend.  Shoe seems nicer than most more expensive shoes in its category.", "These fit just like described. Color is bright and red which works with my schools colors. Comfortable enough to use everyday.", "I've searched high and low for red running shoes that fit my taste and style. The Air Max from Nike were perfect. However, it was virtually impossible to find in local retail stores without having to special order and at a higher price. Thank God for Amazon.", "I am a nurse and work 12 hour shifts.  These shoes are perfect for long nights walking the floors.  Very durable as well.", "My son finds these quite comfortable and he wears them for 8 hour at a stretch at school.They are still clean and neat after 6-8 weeks of public transportation ,school and back again.Believe me we have had some shoes/sneakers come home after one wear looking like heck.So all in all comfortable,true to size,and neat looking sneaker.I little pricey at around 80$ but that seems like the going price for Air Max.", "The sneakers fit great. Thanks for the follow up. I would recommend all my friends to use Amazon. Thanks again.", "Not sure why but the right shoe above behind the big toe had a pressure spot that was actually painful. No choice but to return these.", "I love NIKE usually, and I didn't want to spend the money to buy a black pair of the air max. However, I ended up buying the air max because these didn't offer as much support and are not as comfortable. I love the blue shoelaces, but it is hard to match any clothing with them as they are so bright.", "Shoes are great, very comfortable, light weight, look super nice and not too bulky. This color combination is the best.", "confortable and light as expected, good for my back, now i can walk for hours and my feet and back dont suffer anymore", "Not a robust product. One shoe's air cell burst in 3 months under low-moderate use. Do not recommend this product.", "I found the fitment to be inline with other Nike's I have owned.  This is a really comfortable shoe and feels great to walk or run in.  I like the mesh material as it really allows the foot to breath otherwise my feet can tend to sweat.  I go the white pair and they were as shown in the photo and look great, wearing them out I have already gotten a few complements.  Upon arrival the box was a little beat up, but overall the shoes were not damaged and there wasn't any incorrect stitching or flaws.  I haven't had any issues with these shoes wearing down as others have commented, these are more of an athletic shoe and I wouldn't use them in lieu of a work boot or anything.  Overall I would purchase again and Amazon had the best deal I could find on these shipped to my door using my Prime membership.", "Comfortable rate 9 I usually wear this shoe when I go running in the morning and use it for work.", "Awesome shoe, Fits great and comfortable, I just need to wear them and break them in now. I love me some nike.", "The shoes are very comfortable. Bought two of these shoes and do not regret it. Great shoes :)G F", "This is a great running shoes. Very light and comfortable. I purchase for my husband as a gift and he is very pleased. Actually after he put them to try he forget that he has a shoes on his feet. Just noticed before go to bed.", "These shoes are awesome! They fit great and are so comfortable and light weight. I would recommend them to anyone and I tell everyone who asks that I got them from Amazon...and yes they're asking because these shoes are fly!", "This is a great sneaker, it is stylish and had lots of flexibility and is great for running!!! you actually feel like you're doing a better job at running", "If you thought these shoes were nice looking, think again because they are so comfortable, and built to last. Can't go wrong with this product as it was well worth the cash!", "Great shoe and it is super comfy!! They go with just about everything and I plan on buying more in the other colors!", "I think it is a fair scoreThe shoe is a little narrow forward, should have used half number moreIf I would recommend it", "Nice and comfy.  Standing all day and this is exactly what i needed.  Thank you for a great pair of shoes.", "These shoes fit and feel well. But after 2 weeks of running on a treadmill almost everyday and unloading trucks at work, the rubber on the front of the shoe has began to peel already. Will not buy again once they have fallen apart, which is sure to be soon.", "Got this for my ex when we were together. He loved them and wore them all the time. Said they were very comfortable and that they were helping him with his back pain and posture.", "I am a 9.5 and this shoe took some breaking in...meaning I had to wear them a few times to break them in.  Normally my Nike Shoes fit just right but I had to work with these a little.  I love the color scheme and I am sure the summertime will see me sporting these shoes often.", "This shoe, seems so great by seeing the pictures. But once you get them delivered, they don't fit for wide feet men, and they look as if they are 50$ worth. I have asked all of my friends about the shoe, and all seems to agree that the shoe is really not worth for 100$. Too pricey for the quality, and it does not support wide feet men.", "The shoes looked great but were too narrow. It seems like there are no real D width shoes anymore. After trying these on I can't imagine what the N sizes would be like. I guess you would have to be a tree limb to wear those. I guess I will order a bigger size and roll up the toes or something.", "This is a great shoe, very comfortable. It fit perfectly, which I was worried about because I had never bought shoes online before. Love them!", "Fits great, looks great, great for training. Recommended 100%.Everyday fitness and running. Perfect.I am ready to buy another pair of those.", "Well made and looks like it could last. This was bought as a gift and the recipient is happy with it.", "Feels cheap I really expected more from Nike especially from an $85 pair of shoes...  Lasted not even 6 months of wearing them twice a week.  Really disappointed...", "Everything arrived on time and in good condition.  My rating has more to do with how they fit my feet instead of product quality.  Overall, these are great shoes - they look great.  I just need to break them in.", "Great colors, very confortable, the fit its great, i love this pair of air max 2013, i bought the blue ones too.", "I've always love Nike's product and this one is one of my fav. The cushion is great and looks very stylish.", "excellent shoes, I recommend 100 percent, to work, running, fitness, shopping, your feet do not suffer.  do not hesitate to buy", "This shoe is not for me since I returned one of these .  I cound't return this order cause I soil the bottom wearing them in the house to try them out. this style of Nike  with no support is a bad shoe for me.  i've made bad choices in the past and this is one of them", "Very comfortable and supportive.  Arch support good enough, I can use without orthodics in my shoes for first time in 20 years.  Regrettfully, only can walk at this point in my career, but these certainly make it easy.", "Great Nike running shoe.  Has the capability of coordinating with your iphone by purchasing the sensor that fits in the bottom of the shoe.  All NIke + shoes have this capability.  Keeps track of distance, calories, speed, time, etc.", "To tight across  the top. My LG 4 'S are the same size and fit fine. Last time i will buy shoes on the internet. with all this junk from China etc, there is no telling what you might get.", "First pair of Nike's I've purchased in more than 10 years! I have mild to moderate pronation and some planter faciaitis. I have flat low volume mid and forfoot with a normal heel and these fit great lots of cushion and support. I wouldn't recommend for large to moderate volume feet again mine are quite skinny feet though size 13 arch a little high for me but I have flat feet. Wife says they look much better than newbalance", "I bought these for everyday general wear. My previous +2 generation pair had finally fallen apart and it was time for an upgrade. After wearing these for nearly 5 weeks, I can safely tell you that these shoes are incredible. They are both light and stylish and when wearing them, it's hard to even notice I've got shoes on at all. Top to bottom, I can't recommend them enough.", "I actually ordered this type of running shoe before, and as soon as I got it and ran on them...went and ordered up another pair.  I wear an 8.5 shoe size...and it figures, this is just a scotch too big (in a size 9), which makes the sizing perfect.  Great running shoe, got here fast, and fits as it should.", "From what I have been told, my friend is more than happy with the purchase of his shoes.  He will look again on this site for shoes", "Very comfortable shoes! Super light! I will not hesitate to buy another pair when these get old. Highly recommended to anyone.", "Love them, great running shoes and great shoes for any occasion", "Just what I expected and more.  These are great shoes.  I highly recommend them.  You will not be disappointed. Good buy.", "I waited less than one day and they have already been delivered. My size is 42.5 EUR and I ordered 9.5 US. It's fit as expected. I liked it!", "I got these shoes a few weeks ago. When they arrived they looked exactly like the photo. When i tried them on they were a little snug around the sides, but a few days later they felt perfect. These shoes are super comfortable.  I use them whenever I run or just to take a stroll. Even though they sound perfect it is really easy to get them dirty. I suggest you get a magic eraser with the shoes. I tried to wash them,but nothing changed. I love these shoes!", "fits well, great shoe for running, i like the smooth transition from the heel to forefooti own this shoe is several colors", "Always wanted a pair of Lunarglide, finally bought one and oh boy couldn't be more happier. it's light and very comfy to wear. definitely better than my Nike airmax 2009.My only grim was the shoe fit a bit small as expected. Usually i go for size 8 for that extra little room. anyway wasn't a huge issue.", "This shoe helped me get back into running after plantor faciitis surgey. I have no more foot pain, I recommend this shoe.", "The shoes fit as expected and work well for running long distances.  Have now run more than 40 miles on them and they're working great", "Cool color. My son loves shoes and has many styles and colors in Nike. Thanks for such a fantastic shoe.", "I just took up running after about a 6 month break and got these new shoes. I liked them a lot and I felt good running in them, but it was only 3 months later that the fabric holding the shoe together on the inside started to break apart. I am used to replacing running shoes usually pretty frequently, but I have never had some break down on my so quickly.", "Was somewhat hesitant to order online, but the fit was as described.  Could not be more happy with these shoes and how well they fit.  Great for lifting and normal workouts.", "I have wore alot different running shoes but the Lunarglide is by far the best i had in a long time.. I have +3,+4 and now the +6..", "I have ran in these shoes for several months now. I have a 11.5 shoe size and these shoes fit very well. When I first bought them, the tongue was somewhat snug on top of my feet, but after a few miles of running, they finallly broke in well.  The shoe does a great job of absorbing heal impact. This shoe transitions well from a heal to toe stride. There is not resistance or odd stiffness that I have experienced in other running shoes. The only changes I have made was inserting  SOLE inserts because I needed extra support for my arches. After years of running in the military, I have plantar fascitis. After changing to this running shoe and adding new inserts, my foot pain has decreased. I would recommend this shoe for anyone.", "Favorite running shoes yet!  They have great ankle support for people who need it, they are comfortable, and stylish! Friends are always complimenting me on the great pair.", "Bought half sz. bigger, but like the shoe. Very light and comfortable. Did not have them long so can't comment on long term usage.", "I was dubious about buying expensive running shoes online, but the size was consistent with my last pair of Nikes bought locally, and delivery was well within the estimated date.I'm completely happy with these and would shop with the same vendor again.", "Great shoe for long runs. Confortable with Great support. Size fits as expected as experienced with wearing other Nike shoes.", "These shoes have been a huge improvement over my old running shoes. They are extremely lightweight but still provide excellent support. Love the styling and the fit. I only run about 10 miles per week, but so far, the shoes have held up very well after putting about 50 miles on them. Highly recommended.", "Lightweight. Not for those who like to pound their heels into concrete, but you really shouldn't be doing that anyway.", "I bought this  shoe for my partner who is a runner it's not only looks good he says it feels great and he raved so much I bought one for myself", "The color it's so amazing I love red and they are very comfortable.. Ready to training whith this shoes! Nike", "Prompt delivery. Very nice shoes", "Different manufacturer?  Is that why they cost less and the quality is lower? I paid 40$ more the ones bought at footlocker (produced in china)", "Very quality shoe, fits great!The seem to run about a half size larger than most shoes I wear, but it was ok cause I had an option to try them on when I bought the older model.My right shoe was a little narrow feeling compared to the left, but after 2-3 runs it seems to have broken in just fine. I'm not getting any blisters and they just feel amazing to run in. I haven't ran a lot in a few years and am a little heavier than normal from weight lifting, but the shoes seem to hold up and support my knees perfect.Overall I am very happY!", "the running shoes were what we wanted. will be ordering them again when needed.very comfortable great pricethank youshirley", "I have normal size feet so the Nike's fit well for me. Super light with lot of cushion that you can feel. Hope it stays that way.", "These shoes are awesome. Its like your walking on clouds.", "Awesome shoe", "I walk a lot at work and also jog. These shoes are plush and have found them to be unmatched by any brick and mortar shoes in the $100 range. the lunar +5 seem to be a bit more rigid than the +4 but it seems that the rigidness provides more stabalizing support but still very plush. I don't have the gull to buy $200 shoes but you can't go wrong with these. BTW, I bought these at Shoe Palace.", "Great shoe. Amazing comfort. Light as a feather. I feel like I could walk for miles and miles in these bad boys.", "Nice shoe very comfy and supportive and a Awsome looking shoe too! Worth every cent . If your looking for a shoe to take your fitness to the next level then this will do it!", "My son loves these, great color and fit. Has bought the same shoe in more than one color. Good buy.", "I wore these around the house for a few days first.  Like any new shoes, it took a few days to feel &#34;right&#34;, but now they do.  Size as expected.  Took them out on their first run and all seemed well. Quite light.I'm only giving them 4 stars cause I haven't worn them enough yet.  I may come back and revise this rating.", "I bought these shoes looking for something versatile. Something I can wear to the gym, short jogs and walking. I made the mistake of wearing a pair of sneakers (Asic Tiger) on my trip to Europe last year. With all the walking, my feet and legs were aching. Planning for my trip this year, I was looking for something versatile. I could do plenty of walking in and also wear for jogs/workouts while abroad.These shoes are very comfortable. They're extremely light. I had to make sure both shoes were in the bag when I left the mall. That said I probably wouldn't be using these shoes for longer runs but they're excellent for my needs.", "Excellent shoe.  Very comfortable and eases my mild heel pain.  I bought 3 pairs in different colors and wear them to work daily.  Even though they're a bit expensive, they are worth it.  Very cushiony.", "A whole back I had bought a par of Lunar Forever and they were great. But when it came time to buy new running shoes, I decided to buy FS lites. Don't buy FS lites for daily running. However when I bought these Lunarglide 5's, I was very happy. Best cushioning I've had in running shoes. And not to mention they aren't very heavy. Well done Nike.", "Very good shoe. I valet for a living these shoes are exactly want I needed. I'm happy with them.", "They actually turned out to be a lighter color than the one in the picture.  I really needed the shoes so I kept them anyway.  They are very light and comfortable, NOT good for walking/running on rocks.  Stick to the pavement with these puppies.", "Bought this pair of shoes for my son the runner for Christmas and he loves them ! He runs almost daily and really likes the light weight feel of this shoe.", "Fits good and very comfortable.. A little stiff at first, so breaking them in is a must! Other than that, nice shoe!", "I was expecting to get soft over the use, but. After 6 months still very hard. I do not recommend those shoes especially for basketball", "It did not fit me even though I do not have a broad foot. The design is narrow at the toe area", "These shoes fit great and the color was accurate.  The question is whether or not they hold up to cross fit training.  Time will tell...", "These shoes are great. I have bought ten pairs and Im happy with each color and the fit. They last along time", "I love the shoes &#128526; worth the money", "I Like nike sneakers since  I was kid but u have to be carefull because the one made in Vietnam is fake nike poor material but the china made is the real one", "i bought these shoes because i had read good reviews but i wore them for the first time playing basketball and i noticed the shoes rubbed against my legs ripping the skin and as i played i got a blister on my toe the size of a dime wont buy theses ever again", "Although my husband wears size 8, the left side appeared to be a bit small.  I should have chosen an 8.5 instead.", "Nice look and Nike as expected, comfortable wear and can stay in it all day.", "Product delivered promptly and as expected", "Normally, I hate wearing shoes when I'm not at work or in some social situation where I actually need shoes. To be honest, buying shoes off of the internet scared me! But after wearing those for just one day, they were so comfortable that I can't imagine taking them off, except for when I'm sleeping, that might be odd.", "Ordered these for my husband who is picky & a &#34;gym rat&#34; he loves them. Fit well, light weight but supportive.", "As advertised and fits well. Support is good and laces surround the foot well. Would purchase again. Good construction throughout.", "I was so happy to find these shoes My son just loves them and its in his favorite color Orange", "Overall a fine shoe with some minor issues.Fine shock absorbtion, good for indoor and outdoor badketball.", "Bought these for my husband that's on his feet all day, he loves them. Honestly he sounds like a woman that just received a new pair of heels he was that exciteed about them. These are light weight & even on concrete all day they give great support. Would buy again!", "Very comfortable, they just stink up rather quick after like 2 months (never fails) -- and I'm not the only person who has this issue, friends even had this issue. Not sure why. No other shoes give me this problem.", "They're really flat and hurt my feet. They suck completely. Don't buy these rejects. Will mess your feet and and ankles and possibly your knees up.", "The materials are great, they are very confortable and very good looking. I really enjoy ise these pair of nikes I love them", "better to by a half size more..  but the  true size  fits too", "It is a little tight at first and it needs better cushioning.  Love the color and it may take a while to adjust to my feet.", "is just as the pictures show, I loved and something they did not show is its weight which is very convenient", "I ordered these for my son. He is tough on shoes and his feet sweat horribly. The last pair of these I bought lasted a whole year, which is more than twice as long as all the others I have bought (usually Reebok or New Balance). They are light weight and breathable which helps keep sweating (and stinking) to a minimum. I would definitely recommend!", "These have no break-in time. Comfortable as soon as you put them on.A very good price for these shoes.", "Left shoe fits perfectly the right shoe feels tight on the pinky, should stretch after I break them in. Overall Almost Perfect!!!", "This shoe fits really well and is comfy; however, after I actually began to walk around in them I began to feel pressure on my heels. The pressure from my heels jolted up to my knees and then caused my hamstrings to feel inflamed all leading to lower back pain instantly. I am a 26 year old male who stays active, participating in a wide range of activities from distance running to surfing. I have never had a shoe cause me so many problems in a such a short time. In the store they felt great but after about 4 hours of real use they only gave me problems. Aside from those issues this shoe is flimsy and the doesn't offer any support. They fit snug but I can still my feet shifting from side to side inside the shoe. The side lace straps that are meant to hold your feet from the sides rather then the top do not serve there purpose unless you tighten down the laces to the point where the shoe is too tight to wear. If you want to buy a shoe that looks nice and will make your closet look pretty then I recommend these. If you are a regualr Nike wearer than these shoes might work for you. This is only my third pair of Nikes that I decided to give a try; I won't be trying on any more Nikes after this shoe. If you are new to running or want to get out walking more I recommend you go to a Fleet Feet or Road Runners or a shoe store along those lines, unless you already know without a doubt that these shoes are right for you then order them. If not, purchasing these shoes from Amazon is a bad idea.", "chevere", "I am using Nike since almost 1.5 years . I know it is good brand but this time i gave a try to buy from amazon . Amazon showed me various sizes available and gave me various options to make a choice . I am very comfortable with shoes . Thanks amazon", "Bought those shoes as a gift for a friend of mine and they fitted as expected.ProsNice DesignGood sellerConsPrice", "Very bad running shoe! This is a patent of real. I want 39 and this is 41. What can i do?!", "Shoe fits good, but after about 5 uses one of the shoelace straps ripped. Instead of having eyelets to put the shoelaces through (like the previous model) this one has string-like loops. We'll, one of those loops just ripped and I can't fix it. Very, very upset since it's too late to return the shoes (it's been 35 days since I purchased them). Unreliable lacing...super upset...", "After failing to order these from footlocker because they at last min cancelled my order without notice and then told me they didn't have my size in stock, i bought them here and well I'm happy with them they look better in real life then the picture in my opinion :)", "shoes are very comfortable for one of the sports that I like light soft comfortable to play great basketball with my friends", "I like the shoes.", "Quality of the shoe looks better online the material of this shoes is cheap looking shoe is super light would think it would be heaver for a sport shoe. But over all it was good for the price want be buying anymore from inline.", "perfecto", "They're not Nike's LunarSwift shoe -- and why Nike chose to discontinue their LunarSwift is beyond what my feet absolutely feel when they feel their best in any running shoe ---- but they come as close to comfort and function as I've yet to encounter.", "I had a pair of this type of shoe earlier and decided to get another pair. They are so comfortable and light weight", "I had these shoes for about 6-7 months. My foot ripped through the side.  I've had cheaper shoes  that have lasted longer than that.  I guess they are better for lighter use.  Other than that they were ok on the court, but off the court its the most uncomfortable thing to walk around in.", "First thing I thought when I put these shoes on is how comfortable they were. Much more comfortable than my old pair of Nikes, which I can't remember the name of. They fit my wide size 12 foot very well, very comfortably. I use them to trek miles across Ohio State's campus, and they have yet to cause me any discomfort. If I bought the same shoes repeatedly, these would be at the top of my list.", "My 8 years son love it", "Arrived on time..... Amazing shoes... I got what i was expecting for and really good price for it.... They arrived 8 after purcharsed", "They are perfect for every moment.", "I bought these thinking they would fit better than a woman's shoe, but they don't and I don't wear them.", "these are great shoes for work since i move around alot. they are lightweight and breathable. so go buy em", "Hi loved my Nike", "Like the style, color and they way it fits.  Very comfortable as well and great for jogging or just everyday wear.", "they fit perfect!!! my favorite shoes since i received them. Very snug but quiet alot of support. Thank you amazon for all the suggestions for our wedding.", "Like these shoes very much.", "I've got a wide foot and these fit as expected. They look like the picture on Amazon. Just wear them casually, no running or sports. First pair but would recommend.", "Husband loves them.  Arrived as expected and fit him perfectly.  Will definitely be ordering another pair to keep as a spair", "I just received these shoes and wore them the day I got them.  They look great and are pretty comfy.  Thanks", "Even though this shoe is not for heel pain, I must say that this shoe is very soft and reduces pain in my heel. It has now become my favorite shoe as I can walk all day without pain unlike other shoes.", "Very good product excellent sneakers, size and texture very good, comfortable to play basketball, I loved these shoes highly recommended for use", "The shoes are great...Just what i wanted and love the fact that they are light...I will be buying more..", "One of the most comfortable shoes as I expected. I have no complaints about these shoes. There's nothing more to say about them I'm happy with them.", "I love this shoe so much I bought it in 3 different colors!  comfortable and wider than most nike running shoes", "Pretty good shoe for the price. Size seems to run pretty accurate.  Using them just for running on home treadmill.  Happy with purchase.", "Solid court shoes I had to unlace the top hole which made them fit alittle too tight but after doing that they are solid", "This is a nice looking shoe.  My grandsons only wear Nike's because of the width.  I bought 2 pairs as I have 2 grandsons.", "great seller, good price, even better shoes. highly recommended for running or daily use if you walk a lot. breathable and soft n comfy", "Im very happy with these shoes and couldn't believe on the price again very much i was looking for something like these shoes...", "My son picked this shoe out and I must say I really like them. They have a neat appearance sort of sophisticated. And they must be comfortable because he wears them quite a bit. I will be buying another pair. They also arrived in a timely fashion.", "My son had me order these for him.  They are black on black.  Look really nice.  He wears them with anything from jeans to shorts to khakis.  Look nice.  Size is true.  Nike always makes a great product.", "Very good quality. Nice design and comfortable.It is also beautiful and very strong.I love the quality of this product.", "The shoe looks great but it's not wide enough.  If you have small narrow feet then this shoe will work, I bought this to replace my old Nike Dream High Top's that are finally wearing out after 7 years.", "These sneakers are nice, but the insoles are very hard and don't feel comfortable. I took out the factory insoles and put store bought insoles in, now they feel 100% better. Inexpensive and very nice looking. Highly recommend purchasing them.", "as expected, they are comfortable and the perfect fit I would recommend to anyone looking for a pair great shoes", "These shoes are extremely narrow, and I don't even have a wide foot. If I wear these for around 4 hours, my little toe on each foot will be rubbed raw. I find these shoes extremely uncomfortable and I've had these for about 2 months. I bought them to work in, but I find myself often swapping shoes towards the middle of my day. I'm extremely disappointed in them. I now use these mostly to workout in. I've own several Nike's throughout my life, but this is the first pair that are complete garbage. I wouldn't buy these for my worse enemy.", "Great bargain on a great shoe.  It was comfortable right out of the box , wears well.  I'd recommend these to anyone.", "These shoes are very narrow for someone who has BIG wide feet..I like the look of the shoes but they are very narrow", "Very comfortable, light weight kicks. They even look good in jeans, and they feel great for running on the treadmill.", "I remember when you couldn't get a pair of uncomfortable Nike Air anything from the early to late nineties. These on the other hand...- Just feel cheap. - materials -sole -very \"plasticky\"- Hurt the top of my feet.- Laces are flimsy.- Tongue is very thin and unsupportiveOff to eBay to get a pair of Retro All-Black OG Deadstock Small-Check Foamposites.", "I had the Dual Fusion Run first version shoes in blue. Those were some comfortable shoes. I'm not sure what the difference is but these just don't meet up to my expectations from the the first version.", "The design of shoes make it not comfortable in the front toe area. Hurt when you play basketball or when training.", "These are good shoes, but I would not recommend if you have wide feet. My feet are only slightly wider than normal, so they are still comfortable.", "Shipping was really quick but the shoes didn't fit my feet properly and I paid $10 more than what they're worth. Wasn't happy about that. Returned.ALWAYS double check prices!", "Probably one of the best shoes I've ever bought. They're super confortable and have an amazing support. Plus they look super cool :)", "Beautiful shoe. Arrived on time and was much nicer looking than in the ad. My niece was thrilled to get them as a Christmas present. The fit was true to size and the comfort was fantastic.", "Love them!", "These fit good and are great for running. The colors are brighter then the pic. I use these for running outdoors.", "I love the colors of these shoes. I wish that I would have bought a half size bigger because they r snug but would recommend to others.", "Very comfortable, but can't wear them without socks.  They seem a little big on me.  They have a great cushion to them and look fantastic.", "I wear nike sneakers most of the time because they fit my foot we'll but this pair is extra comfortable, seems to have a really nice arch support. I do have a narrow foot naturally but not narrow enough to order extra narrow shoes.", "i have 2 pair of this shoe....most comfortable shoe ive ever had!! great for walking,running,the gym. the best coushion for my flat feet", "Very pleased with the quality an fit. My daughter very happy. Once again great product an great service. Item was exactly what we wanted it to be", "This shoe is made, so that when you pull the laces tight, they connect to strings that pull up around the side of your foot.  Unfortunately, the top outer string was right at my pinky toe.  It applied direct pressure to my pinky.  I only wore these shoes for an hour around the house, and my pinky toes are throbbing.  I will be sending these shoes back.  I suggest you were around the house before keeping them, in case this happens to you too.", "I power walk my two dogs(border collie and lab) several miles a day.  These shoes out of the box,are the best of all Nikes I've had in years.", "I have just started getting into running and I absolutely love these shoes!  They are so comfortable and they fit true to size.  I wish that they came in just basic colors like black and white as well as the &#34;hot pink&#34; and &#34;neon green&#34; colors, but the fit and comfort make up for that.  Love them!", "Great shoes! Very comfortable!", "If you're looking for a comfortable shoe to sight-see or exercise at the gym or in your neighborhood then I recommend this shoe! I tried this shoe on at Foot Locker, but opted to purchase it online as it was slightly cheaper.", "So in love with these shoes! My favorite pair EVER! Will definitely be purchasing in other colors. Perfect for running.", "They are as described on line.  Color is great and so is the fit.  My Granddaughter loves Nike shoes as they always fit good.", "So far she is really happy with the shoes, I am happy, cause they fit perfect and the color was as expected !", "fulfilled all our expectations, being very satisfied about really thank you very much, should present more options and diversity of models", "Took a while to get to me but it was worth it because they are comfortable. Great price as well", "I expected this shoe to be pretty, but they are just like other tennis shoes I have purchased, look pretty on the site but not quite the same when received.  I wear them during my workout.  They are that comfortable, well, not to me.  The ones I purchased have stretched a lot.  I looking for a really comfortable workout shoe that is not so ugly and look like men shoes.  I want a feminine work-out tennis shoe.  I just saying.  Overall I guess they are okay.", "These were a gift for mom.  She needed a new pair of sneakers.  Happy to find a good show at an OK price.", "I always buy these in 8.5 US but for some reason this pair is a little longer than all my other ones.  I still wear them but they are not the same.", "My daughter bought Nike Dual Fusion running shoes for her training as a professional Muay Thai fighter. It lasted for a year and were very good shoes. Then she bought these after the original pair had worn out, thinking they were the same shoes.It turned out that they were not. I don't know what Nike had done behind the scenes, but after training as before for a couple of weeks, she suffered such severe injuries (IT-Band Syndrome) that she has had to give up Muay Thai. She can hardly do any exercise involving running or cycling as a result.When she tried to contact the store, they said no refunds or replacements. When she tried to contact Nike customer services, they fobbed her off by telling her to go back to the store. The email responses were anonymous. None of the phone numbers in the email worked (one was a sex line in the USA, the others either didn't connect or played a message saying that they were busy).And there was no acknowledgement or concern that their product had wrecked her sports career.BEWARE - AVOID NIKE PRODUCTS! They are no good for serious sports play (at the amateur level, that is). Their sports shoes are merely fashion products aimed at gullible consumers. No self-respecting sports professional would use Nike products unless they have been paid to do so, or more likely it's because they don't get the same gear that is sold in the stores to ordinary consumers.NIKE PRODUCTS CAN CAUSE SERIOUS AND LONG-LASTING MUSCLE INJURIES.AVOID", "I wore these shoes twice and my feet were in pain the entire time. They are stiff and uncomfortable. I will stick with the Free Runs", "wife said they fit as expected and loes the color but only 4 star due to she has only worn them once.", "Perfect", "Really love these! Usually I get another brand because I thought Nike would be too narrow, but these are great!", "15 year old athletic daughter uses them for conditioning and loves them.  Says they're very supportive and fit snugly. Definitely recommend.", "My daughter ordered the wrong side she tried to return it with a note inside saying she needed a size 9 and not the 7 she ordered.  Unfortunately we received a credit instead of the shoes.  Kind of disappointed.  The shoes came in a good amount of time and they were exactly what she wanted and saw online.  Not sure how she chose the wrong size she may reorder.  We had hoped she would have been able just to switch them.", "They were a little snug I would say to by a half size up I had to strectch and tug to get it to give but all in all it is a good running shoe", "I think this shoe is of good quality and materials. It runs a bit large but I think going down a half size would make it too small. I use these primarily for cross training and less for running.", "I love the look and feel of these shoes, though I can't say they are perfect for any intensive running &#8230; but they are amazing for everything else! Really enjoy them.", "These are very comfortable shoes and have a little arch support which is good for someone like me with low arches.", "Received my shipment earlier than the expected date. Great shoe and fits well as expected. I would definitely recommend this product to anyone looking for a comfortable and light weight shoe. I have worn it several times after receiving it and am more than happy with the product.", "I'm sure it was a honest mistake that they sent me a similar looking shoe but not the dual fusion shoe. :-) Nice.", "I had recently started working out again after a very long &#34;rest&#34;.  I was wearing another name brand shoe and found my feet where bothering me a bit as I do the treadmill a lot.  I decided to use my gift card and purchased these shoes.  The very first day I could tell a HUGE difference in the way my feet felt.  They felt like walking on air compared to the other shoes.  The fit was fine and I honestly can say the last two days that I have worn them, I have walked an extra mile without foot issues.  I highly recommend this shoe for walking or running.  The price is more than fair and they look pretty cool to boot!", "I like the way these shoes fit and feel. They are much lighter than shoes i normally wear. Very happy with the product.", "I LOVE these shoes, and the look beautiful on, and they are so comfortable, and I couldn't be more pleased!!  These are great for walking and for running.  I've also had many compliments on these beautiful and comfortable shoes.", "i love Nike dual fusion shoes. They're light, comfy and very flexible. These shoes looked exactly like the picture, i think the colors are actually a bit more vibrant which i loved! The fit is great and true to size. Overall i recommend these shoes or any dual fusions as they are so comfortable!!", "good good  good good goodit's good  perfect with my friendso  it's good with the priceI like it", "I wear 6.5 but the fit is more like a size 7. I ended up giving it to my daughter.", "Good shoe. I was looking for a good shoe for training at the gym. I needed good support and these work well.", "These shoes hurt my foot. I had another pair that I love and thought if love these too. I don't. They look cute but hurt my foot...not both, just one.", "Ended up returning these because I know if I pulled the strings as tight as I like them when I run they would eventually break. Its not a greatly made product", "I was looking for all black shoes to referee in and thought these might be a match.  They did not fit my foot and were not made well.", "This shoe fits differently from other nike dual fusion shoes I've owned. I wore them twice, and they &#34;killed&#34; my feet. The material is different from my last three pairs of the same style shoe. Now, I have to buy a new pair of shoes again.", "I teach group exercise and I go through a lot of shoes.  These provide good stability but are easy to move on the floor because the tread is medium to low.  I have not and will not use them for running, but I love them for my purposes.  They are breathable also, so after a couple of hours of teaching, I feel pretty good.", "I bought a pair of these from a store close to my house that were pink and I absolutely love them.  I wanted a normal color shoe, so I ordered these.  I guess the shoes at the store had been tried on a lot because they fit comfortably almost immediately.  The black and gray ones were another story.  Just like a lot of you have said, because of the design it puts a lot of pressure on your pinky toes.  I wore them for the first day and both of my pinky toes were bright red and hurt but never blistered.  I was determined to love these just like my pink ones, so I kept wearing them for a couple of days even thought they were uncomfortable.  After a few days, they no longer rub my pinky toes.  I guess I just had to break them in.  I don't know if this really helped, but several times I would take them in my hands and bend the toe part of the shoe up to kind of help it loosen up. I also loosened the laces a little bit.  I really love these shoes now.. it was worth the 3 or 4 days of sore toes.", "perfect", "Wonderful shoes, they fit the foot perfectly, comfortable and has a very nice color combination. I can run with them without any problem", "I loved the sports bra, fits perfectly and really does what it is supposed to do.well done go for it", "I bought these to start a new exercise routine of walking and aerobics. I tried on tons of shoes at the store and as soon as I tried these on my foot just felt good. I didn't have to break them in. They are VERY light weight and have great arch support (I have high arches!) I'm about to buy the men's version for my husband and get myself another pair in another color. I have back problems and they even make my back feel better when I'm walking. I started wearing them everywhere, not just to exercise. Buy these shoes now!", "I loved these shoes when I received them, but after wearing them 4 times, one of the pieces of material that hold the shoe laces broke.  I now have to deal with sending the shoes back... a headache.", "i really want to love these shoes but i cant. they are supper cute but after wearing the i ended up with a bad blister on both of my pinky toes.", "Like them very much, very comfortable shoes and nice appeal. Am glad I got them, even thou don't care to much to buy shoes on line, but this one fitted nicely.", "They would've fit just fine if I had been sent the shoe I ordered, which is a women's shoe, not a men's shoe.", "Very comfortable fit, I'm on my feet for 8-10 hrs a day and my feet no longer hurt when I'm working.", "Bought these because my other shoes were worn out. They are very comfortable and give great arch support. I bought some Free Trainer 5.0's so I am just wearing these when I go out.Great shoes.Thanks,Rick", "A gift for our grandson-he likes these very much - wears a men's 12 and they fit as expected-recommend these", "I got these for my husband bc we can never find size 14 in stores here. He likes them so I am pleased!", "Shoes fit very well, and extremely comfy to walk with. Not sure if it very ideal for gym activities, but definitly great for walking/running. The colors are very nicely put together, and can go with dark jeans. It doesn't get dirty easily.", "They not only look great, but feel great, too. I highly recommend them to anyone looking for great gym shoes.", "Love the color on me fits good and good as new would buy more later in the future . .", "Might have been a defective pair because the Arch appears to be slightly higher on the left foot - over a 5 mile run I consistently came back with blisters", "They fit and look exactly the way I expected. I run 4-5 miles a day and these sneakers make the run more comfortable.", "the shoes are comfortable, strong and look perfect! masculine and &#34;butch&#34; - young boys love it! he wears them to school, performs all his sports in them and impresses his pals! great design and brinkmanship! sport shoes that fit personality of young men!", "They fit perfectly and are really comfortable. They look as expected too. I also get compliments all the time on them. I can't complain. They are however a bit bright but I love the colors.", "Tried those before and liked it so bought ones for a morning jog. Great fit and good support, nice feel to the arch, stability during run. Just did not feel like it lasts long enough to justify price. Probably will consider in the future with couple different brands.", "These were purchased as a gift for me and I love the fit and color. They certainly get looks and compliments from the guys at the gym. Most of my time at the gym is spent on weight lifting but I do some cardio as well. These are very comfortable on the treadmill. Great fit, durable and looks good!", "this sneaker looks great, i love the colors, exactly like the image.it fits very good, but i think this shoes are a little bit narrow", "Nike is a perfect choice for sport shoesThe color was very good and it fits as expetedIam loving it", "the sole wore out quickly because for heavy basketball playing other than that they are very light and durable, as i've taken them to hell and back. they are also really comfy. the FitSole has become detached, but still stays in place when you wear the shoe", "Bought them for my teenage daughter who could not find shoes anywhere that were a) comfortable & b) the &#34;color&#34; she was looking for. Wow! We found them & I'm the hero!", "I have very high arches so my ankle turns inward when I stand which completely throws off my alignment. My new pair Lunar Forever  is the first pair I have come across that gives my high arches and consequently flimsy ankles the support and stability they need. My workouts feel so much better now that I have such happy feet!", "This shoe has now been worn daily by my 11yr old daughter for 3 months now and is still holding up great. It's nice to find a shoe that can survive what kids put them through.", "I love the colors!! this was a perfect fit! I absolutely love it! I can't wait to start running in them! They feel really comfortable and it feels really great! I would buy another pair!", "Awesome shoe awesome price. So happy easy buy easy process. Really really easy. Bought the shoes for my wife and she couldn't be happier", "I was searching for a shoe that had good grip, comfy, and snug so that when i am working out i dont have to worry about my shoes irritating my foot, or falling off. these shoes are just great! I am more than satisfied with the way they turned out. I have had them for about 6 months now and the only complaint I have is that alittle chip from the color in the front of the shoe came off, i thought that was alittle strange, but it may be from the kind of workouts i am doing on the floor? other than that, these shoes are awesome. thank you", "Love the color combination, and Nike fit is perfect for me.  Wore for the first time yesterday, and very happy with this purchase.", "These are FAKE!!! Falling apart after two days. I have been wearing nikes for 8 years, never once have they fallen apart even after lots of wear and tear. They also kill my feet!!!  Do not buy!! It's really upsetting that amazon hasn't done something about this growing problem.  Its quickly becoming harder and harder to get authentic nikes on amazon.", "I ordered these for my wife and she loves them.  She had a pair on back order at a local DSW shoe store that just came in and she decided to keep that pair as well.", "Love these shoes!! They look better in person...very cute and comfy. They fit well and I have a little toe room. A must buy!", "After my beloved Skechers Tone Ups were discontinued :(, I searched everywhere for a shoe that gave me that same cushiony sole along with lightweight feel plus stability . For me, the Luna forever is perfect. I have orthopeodic issues and I really need some extra comfort. When I tried these shoes on I knew immediately I had finally found a great workout partner. I love Nike, they always last a long time and I've worn them for decades. Highly recommend the Luna forever. The only small complaint I have is the lacing doesn't provide for maximum back heel support. I wear between a 7 and 8 and I got the 8, which provides extra room for toes, but my heel came up when walking a bit. Maybe thicker socks will help. I don't have achiles issues but if someone else needs more heel back heel support then these might not be the best shoe. Anyone on their feet all day will appreciate this light as a moon walk feel.", "I bought the grey/green ones first.  Over 100 miles through rain, snow, and average Atlanta weather and they still looked new.  So I bought this black pair.  Nike fits good for me, I go a half size larger for running shoes.", "Great running shoe. Comfortable and lightweight. I'm very happy with my purchase and I will probably buy another pair :)", "I would recommend these shoes to anyone.  They are extremely comfortable,  lightweight and the color is perfect.  I will probably get another color.", "the shoes are light, breathing, and comfortable, suitable for running, but a bit expensive.it looks cool, I like it.", "I wanted a pair of sneakers that I could wear with jeans....found them.I have about 6 pair of running shoes to work out in, but I wanted a pair to just walk around in or even wear to work...( I'm a chiropractor and stand on my feet all day)These are great.Also just wore these to take a two mile walk....(forgot my running sneakers) and they were great for that too.Recommend for looks and function!!!", "This are by far my favorite running shoes. I've tried many running shoes, brands, styles, etc. but I've never experienced shoes where I feel comfortable right off the bat and most importantly shoes that have the necessary support when running long distances.", "Good shoe. Very comfortable  like the color. Wish they had white. Would order again if they made a solid white shoe.", "These are great shoes, I love them for everyday activities and running.  Very comfortable shoes, I'm going to buy a 2nd pair.", "My wife has never bought shoes off-line before.  She loves these!  She said they are light and comfortable, plus they are a pretty pink! Whatever....", "They are very comfortable with a nice light weight feeling plus provides great support.", "Love these shoes!  Very light and very comfortable.", "Got fitted at a running store for these shoes. I was looking for a pair of running shoes for my first marathon! So far i love them. They are a GREAT color and i feel awesome running in them.", "it's perfect and lightweight and breathable. supports for pronation but not quite enough. other than that, everything was perfect. thanks!", "Loved them as soon as i saw them. Now i want every color available, I've already asked for a couple of pairs for christmas! They are very comfortable.", "The shoes were delivered as promised, look great and fit perfectly. I would recommend this supplier for any future purchase.", "ok", "I love this shoe. I've had 2 previous lunarglide shoes and I've never been disappointed...no exception with this shoe. Nice, bright colors and amazing support. The sole in this shoe is so comfortable. As always, you can't go wrong with the Nike+ The easiest way for me to track my runs.", "I love the look of these sneakers but I am most impressed by the comfort. I liked them so much I brought both my daughters a pair.", "This is a pretty good shoe for people with flat feet because it has good support. The color purple is really pretty. It is true size, but anyway in sport shoes you always add 1/2 size more... I ordered for my sister since she has a lot of problems with her feet and she loved them.", "I bought these in a 9 thinking they would fit because I had tried a 9 on in the store. I got them and they were way too small. Its not the sellers fault, it's mine, I just wish I didn't have to go through the shipping back process. I love the coziness of them and also the color though. The seller was very nice about letting me return them though.", "The picture through me off because it seem as if I'm getting blue shoes not purple. But over all I still love them the fit good and kind of help my flat feet.", "My daughter has flat feet and is often in pain when wearing sneakers for running. She reported these shoes are very comfortable, light, provide excellent arch support, and look really cute to boot.", "I was nervous about buying this shoe without having tried it on first, as I had foot surgery a year ago and have to be very careful on what shoes I wear to run and work out in. However, this is the most comfortable shoes I have bought since surgery, ( I think I have bought 4 other kinds, including very expensive ones at the Running company)I highly recommend this shoe and will be buying more for sure when the need arises!!", "too bad they sent the wrong color .... but purple looks good too :)other than that - everything just fine", "This pair of shoes met my daughter's expectation. Comfortable, sporty and stylish! Perfect for her student life, everyday wearing to the university.", "I bought this for my mom and she could not be more happy, she now used it every day in her morning walk", "I love this shoe, I have been exercising for about 7 months and I struggle to do certain exercises such as lunges because I have flat feet and I overpronate so I'm always shaking to the side. I researched and heard about theses sneakers and what a difference it  makes. It keeps my feet planted firm and no rolling. I recommend this if you have the same condition as I do", "I've owned Lunarglides in the past but the 5's are the best fit, by far! I love the lace system and love that the arch is subtle yet effective. I can't recommend these enough!", "Love love love.  Very pleased with this shoe! Be aware it is a Cross Trainer.  This show is not built for running.", "I love the color the fit and the feel very nice shoe Nike always does a great job with there shoes and the quality.", "Bought these when I was recovering from kidner procedure... they were the first shoe I could tolerate after walking boot.  They are supportive but light (I was a minimalist shoe kind of girl in a previous life before I broke my Os navicular).  I did eventually need to replace the insole with a set of $20 doctor scholl's but that is a testament to how well constructed the shoe is.  These helped me transition back into running and now that they are well-worn serve as a rudimentary trail shoe.  They've been replaced by a Nike iD pair, same model but with shield.  I don't know if my newer pair fits more loosely than I expected, or if it's just that I got used to my first pair when my foot was still very swollen (probably the latter), but they are taking a bit longer to feel &#34;broken in,&#34; though I suppose that could be the addition of shield.These might be good if you have issues with plantar fasciitis since the problem I had with my instep was virtually the same.", "My son who is a runner told me to get  these .great piece of advice feels as if I have on nothing", "Shoelace design is so wonderful - I have wide feet and this helps my foot feel properly supported while not being squished. Definitely gives new meaning to the phrase 'putting a spring in your step', these shoes are light & feel amazing.", "I really love them, so comfortable. Hope they'll last long or..by the time I'll need new ones they'll be still on sale.", "Very light weight  shoes and comfortable one. The support for the foot all a round and flat foot is great.", "These shoes are going to be my favorite  shoes  they fit great  look great feel wonderful  Ilove the color and they feel great", "Very comfortable! I have a condition that whatever I put on my feet it hurts when I wallk. This does the job walking around China Town Toronto .I Will sure buy again. Thank youThank you", "Time will tell how these running shoes hold up, but my first impression is great. They're much lighter on my feet than the previous Nikes I've been running with for years. I like the bright orange color, and they're very comfortable. Size was consistent with other Nike shoes I've worn.", "Most comfortable Nike's ever! Ran a 10 miler in these and feet never felt better. Must own shoes if you're on your feet for a long period of time.", "I absolutely love this shoe. It is comfortable and fits very well. It is true to size & the color is as pictured", "Love these shoes! They fit comfortably and are great to run in!  I would definitely recommend them to someone looking for good running shoes!", "I have always bought the Nike Free but decided to try these because they were cheaper. I was pleasantly surprised. Super comfortable. And light. Like them a lot.", "These shoes are great!  They are lightweight and very comfortable.  The blue color is just as shown, very pretty!!  I have somewhat of a wide foot and they fit really good.  They run a little big in the length, not much though.  The toe area is very roomy, not the case in other shoes!  I just got them today and am going to order another pair in pink.  I would highly recommend this shoe!  I ordered a $120 pair of Nike and they were not comfortable at all.  This pair was $57!!  The bottom part of the shoe in the picture looks gray, but it's white.  i was a little surprised by that, i wanted it to be gray.  But, the white looks good too, just will get dirty faster.", "I love the shoes!!! They fix perfect and they are very good for walking.;) Very soft in the inside and the colors help when walking at night.", "I like itIt is so beautiful and fashionWhen I weared it I feeling good  and I want running evry time :)", "Super comfy and well priced. I generally love all Nike's and these are no exception. Perfect for cross training. True to size.", "I was hesitant to purchase shoes online, but I always wear a 7 1/2 in Nike so I decided to take a chance. They fit just fine and they look exactly like the picture.", "Love these shoes, great fit once broken in and really stylish. Has good support and alleviates the pressure on my knees.", "I love the shoes but they are sized small so you might want to get a size bigger than you normally would.", "These shoes fit well.  I get a lot of compliments on the look.  I love how they feel.  I would buy them again.", "I originally purchased these shoes from DSW in a size 7, which is what I normally wear.  They were way too small, so I returned them.  I re-ordered a size 8 from Amazon and they fit perfectly.  I love the colors and really enjoy working out in them.", "I wear these all day for my long hours at work standing on my feet. They are absolutely amazing. Extremely comfortable and a good price!!", "My daughter loved them. She said they fit perfectly and was very comfortable. She works in a hospital and is on her feet a lot.", "Bought this for my daughter and she's very happy with them.  She wears them every day without any problems and they're quite stylish.", "Had the flex trainers before these and both lasted less than 2 months. Disappointed as I would expect them to last longer. I run about 20 miles a week and these hurt my arches and do not support, leaving me with a tremendous amount of ankle and leg pain. I used to wear New Balance and not sure where I am turning for the next pair. They look good though-", "Love nike shoes in general, but these are amazing. I was skeptical at first because they felt hard as a rock when I first put them on, but after about 30 minutes they felt Awesome! The color is pretty bad ass as well. I will definitely continue to purchase these.", "Wonderful! They are pretty amazing and comfortable, and a relly good price I loved it! It's quality is outstanding, i would buy them again with no doubt if i could (:", "I would say this runs a half size small, a touch narrower in the toebox than my last pair of Nikes. Cute shoe, though.", "Great shoe for the price. Love the colors! While these aren't exactly tight/too small, they are a little bit snugger then I am used to in a Nike Shoe.", "I am an avid runner. I look for super light, low profile shoes. I absolutely love these. They have a good amount of support. Enough so, that after 6 miles I was still feeling fresh. Chic' and comfortable. Just love em'.", "I am a Nike fan.  I liked the fact that I found these shoes on Amazon for much cheaper than what they sell for in the mall.  They are comfortable, durable and even pretty.  Get yourself a pair or two.", "This one is very awesome. It fits perfectly to me. It is a sportive shoes so i feel very active when wearing this", "This shoe is obviously very cute, I like the style. The arch support is good, and the stability while running overall is good. It doesn't feel cheap or uncomfortable. Good for running and lifting. However, I really liked my last running shows which were reebok zigs, they had more cushion.", "I absolutely love these shoes. I wear them when I work out and they're super comfortable!Would absolutely buy them again!", "I absolutely love these shoes. Very comfy and light. Perfect for running. Love the colors they match everything. Love Love them.", "I have been in the military for 14 years so I wear a lot of boots.Hands down these are the lightest boots I have had.Out of the box they fit and were comfortable.As I wore them for the next few weeks they actually fit better and got more comfortable.On the downside I can tell they wont last more than a few months, maybe a year of hard use, but in garrison or not hard use, they will last probably two or three years.", "I've literally gotten about 100 different people who have noticed and commented on my shoes. These are the nicest Niokes I've ever had and the reflective 3M material is flashy.", "They are somewhat big. They are going to kill your feet when you break them In but it's so worth it. Whenever I walk by people they always look at my shoes. I would buy them again", "Best purchase from Amazon so far.", "I really had a hard time writing a review for theses shoes, that being I want to keep them hidden from the world. they fit a lil snug but as expected from any new pair of shoes. the comments and double takes on these beauties pays for them the first couple days of wearing them. will be buying more of the Lunar force 1 shoes.", "No trip to the mall, great cleats, fit fantastic.,..happy with the look, the quality, the fit. Very pleased and satisfied-thank you!", "I bought these as a birthday gift for my boyfriend who plays soccer 5 days out of the week. He absolutely loves these, he mentioned the first day that he wore the shoes he really had to break them in but not he said they feel great.", "Fits perfect, not very durable ... start peeling off already. I play 3 times a week maybe that is why it start peeling off but I think a true Nike product should last a little bit longer and dont get me wrong, I love my hypervenom soccer shoes I just wish they were a little bit more durable.", "When i got them, they was a little smal, but after few days they fit perfect.Thank you nike,  i love them", "I've always worn 8.5 us shoes size to play soccer and this is the first time that size is toooo small for my feet. Thats why I'm giving 3 stars though this shoes looks amazing.  ahhh and it seems to be fragile and poor quality too. these shoes are NOT resistance at all and easily could be broken... I've expected something better.I'd rather keep wearing adidas...", "My son is a ref for soccer.  He needed black cleats & we always purchase Nike.  These were a good value for the price.", "Great shoes and fit for indoor soccer.  These may be the best fitted, and nicest looking indoor soccer shoes my son has ever had.  Great cost too!", "I bought this because of the extra padding for better ball control and because it's the boot worn by Andres Iniesta, who is my favourite player. I bought size 9.5 which is the size I normally wear. It's a bit uncomfortable though. It squeezes the front of my foot.", "We've had problems with Nike's breaking down after a couple months of play/pratice.  These are holding up well so far.", "I know it's ok for summer days and all, but is it worth $70, um, NO! Not only that- If you decide the shoes are not for you the seller will charge you $20 fro putting them back in stock and $10 to ship them back. SO you pay $30 just to see IF MAYBE the shoe fits. Skip 3rd party sellers at all cost, stick to buying directly off Amazon who offers a good return policy or just head to the store.", "i got to say these shoes are one of a kind. They might be brightly colored but who cares when they feel so comfortable on your feet. It feels that you can have them on forever and never get soar feet from them. love these things", "Great shoe I love the design. Excellent purchase! Would recommend to anyone. Controlling a soccer ball is very easy with these shoes!", "Okay.  Not sure why I have to keep writing, but if that's what it takes for Amazon to listen. I will.", "i got these for my indoor team and the are really nice but my foot was a little fat for them. maybe they are supposes to be that tight.", "Nike soccer shoes are really good shoes for many reasons. One reason is that they last for a long time. Since I've been small and playing soccer, I've always had a pair of Nike shoes. My Nike shoes never got ripped and were always in good shape and lasted me until I grew out of them. Since I've been getting older I switched to Nike Mercurial soccer shoes. These shoes are the best because they are really lightweight and are for a good price of $79.99.  Right when you walk onto the field you will get noticed because of the colorful colors on them. Their material is very comfortable and not too thicks. I've had a past expierence with Mercurials - a soccer tournament - when I wore them for the first time, and I loved how they performed and how I could play really good with them. Also friends noticed them and wanted to get some like mine. So if you are looking for good, cheap, lightweight, and comfortable cleats, buy a pair of Nike Mercurial.-Ivan Figueroa", "These shoes were as expected and the colours are even brighter in hand. They were worth every penny. They were for my little brother and all hi friends are jealous.", "I had my doubts at first but when I got the shoe it fit very snug. I definitely would recommend buying this shoe, it doesn't get and better than this", "If you know your Nike sizes, it's a breeze to order", "I play casually and have been very happy with these new cleats. They look awesome and work as I'd expect.", "I've been playing soccer recreationally for 3 years and have gone through about 6 pairs of cleats in this time.  These cleats are by far the worst I've ever worn, and that includes the $20 pair Diadoras I bought from Big 5.Pros:- awesome neon colorsCons:- thick plastic synthetic uppers have absolutely no give, do not break in- hard, narrow soles have chewed up my feet like no other cleat has ever done.  I've built up 20 layers of callus on the ball of each foot, a portion of which rips off every week.  It's beginning to look like that pit from 300.  But instead of shouting WE ARE SPARTA!!! and kicking the Persian into the pit, it just hurts.- the toebox is freakishly narrow.  It squeezes the toes together such that they become numb within seconds of lacing them up. No feeling = no feel.  To compound the problem, the upper forms around the foot in a fashion that creates a round surface, which makes for an impossibly unpredictable touch.  I CANNOT accurately strike the ball in these cleats.  I'll take the same touch 10 times and it will go in 10 different places, often extremely widely separated in distance. That should never happen.- the lack of control is not limited to the toebox but extents to the whole shoe.  The heel is so stiff, thick and narrow that simple back-touches that are routine in my other cleats are unpredictable to the extent that they often clang off my plant foot. And passing touches off the inside of the foot often skip right off the cleat and curve wildly.I've bought Nike cleats before, and I've never been satisfied with their durability. I've never had a Nike cleat last longer than six months (usually closer to 2 or 3) without the soles tearing off the uppers in predictable and aggravating places.  These are slightly better in that regard, likely due to the fact that the uppers are made from 80 layers bulletproof vinyl.  They have only removed themselves a fraction of a bit from the soles just posterior to the ball of the foot, where all of my cleats have done.If you MUST own Nikes, I recommend the T90 line.  They have a much wider toebox that is not only more comfortable but results in a hell of a lot better control on strikes and passes.  The uppers are thinner, more forgiving and offer vastly improved feel in comparison to the Mercurial Victory IV, and the touch all around the cleat including the heel is infinitely better.  I rarely mistouch while wearing them and can place it accurately 9 times out of 10.  In addition to the wider toebox, the off-center laces provide greater surface area for striking. The uppers are also flatter on top, resulting in a much more powerful and accurate strike.  Of all the features of the shoes, my favorite is probably on the tongue.  It's wide, it sits flat, and it's extremely comfortable.  Unlike the thick, miserable tongue on the Victory IV's which chews into your foot as soon as you tighten the laces.I purchased the Mercurial Victory IV's after being disappointed with the pathetic durability of the T90 Shoot IV's.  They shredded themselves in several places where the upper meets the sole. They DO NOT handle wet conditions.  They also have this plastic textured material meant to help you curve the ball, which it definitely does, however if you're playing with any of the run-of-the-mill soccer balls sold in stores like the Nike Predator, they will catch on the ball covering and trip you occasionally as you are dribbling.  I swore I'd never wear Nike's again after the Victories, as they are across-the-board ridiculously overpriced fragile pieces of crap.  However, after wearing these cleats today for the first time in 6 months since I bought the Mercurial Victory IV's, they felt like angels kissing my feet.  Suddenly all of the touches that I routinely botched with the Victories were perfectly on point again.  When I got home from the game I immediately purchased a pair of the T90 Strikes, which are supposedly the slightly higher quality version of the T90 Shoots - because I was actually able to get them for a lower price than the T90 Shoots.  I hope the sizing and fit is the same.  Being Nike's, I'm sure they'll shred themselves just as quickly, but California's drought will preserve them for longer.  Either way, they will be well worth the $55 dollars I spent on them if they preserve my feet for the next few months of 4 days of soccer a week.", "I bought this for my son who is 13 yrs old and plays soccer.  To be honest, he was the one who picked the color and style and he loves them.  For him the color matches with the cleats of some of the soccer players in Brazil, so he is thrilled with his pair.", "Haven't got a chance to wear yet,because the weather is turning to be more and more colder here..so, wait for the next year..it looks nice.", "great shoes for a person thats just starting a mid fielder or above these shoes are perfect also good for ball control", "You can't be wrong with Nike, this shoe is as shown in the picture. The color are nice and it glows in the dark", "usually I wear size 9.5 US Mens and have other Nike shoes but that model run too small and I mast return it", "These shoes are amazing!!! They can fit for thin or wide foot and look sick! I don't have any negative comments for these shoes; they're light, comfortable, and balanced. They're also great for long-range passing and shooting. I recommend these to anyone who is looking for cleats that are all-around awesome!", "Great fit and reasonable priced as this is hard shoe to find in my area. Played several games of soccer in them and seems to be a good value and workmanship.", "If you read the reviews on youtube, you'll find out that these boots compare to Tiempos and Puma Kings, at a fraction of its cost. Though I've not tried the 2, I can say that these boots are amazing, even though they aren't as visually appealing.Pros:- Very good touch- Round cleats make it easy to move- Extremely good value- DurableCons- Plain looking.-", "These are the first pair of cleats I've ordered in a long time that didn't give me blisters while breaking them in. They fit very well, and I am very pleased with the way that the arch and sol support my feet.", "I wanted to have these shoes ... so place your order with another 3 pairs of shoes (these being the most desired mercurial) solicited size 10 mens. turns out to send me shoes size 9.5. and so I left them tight .. I had to get the template to decrease the pressure and yet I still get tight .. what a disappointment ...", "Just what she wanted.  Easy to break in.  Comfortable and fits great.  Roomy enough to accommodate her inserts and still feel comfortable.  Did run a tad small (ordered a half- size up).", "Check the correct size if you are looking them for a girl..we found out the if they are for girls, they are smaller..at least in the width", "These shoes were very uncomfortable and narrow.  Tried a larger size at about $35 off this overprice of $99!  Will definitely not buy this type again!  Lost $20 in shipping charges too!", "It was my daughter Christmas gift, she love, everybody keep asking where did she buy it.. Just perfect will buy again", "For my teenage daughter who plays competitive and high school soccer.  These shoes are very like looking.  My daughter loves the Nike brand.  No complaints now that she's broke them in.", "I typically wear a size 6 - 6.5, and these fit great out of the box. I've been using them for ultimate frisbee, and they're awesome. I did my research ahead of time, and I feel like these were a great choice. The construction seems solid and I feel like these will last a while. They aren't super cushioned, but they are definitely light and agile.Overall, I gave these five stars because they do what they're supposed to do and do it well.", "I bought these shoes because they're cute. I have plantar fascitis (undiagnosed) and the tight fit on the shoe felt so good on my heels. For a few days (I've only had them a week) I didn't have any foot pain. I would definitely get another pair of these shoes I just wish I could find them in another color.", "Great fit, comfortable, soft! a great purchase.. I am so glad I purchased them.. I really recommend them! Love them.", "These nikes are great quality brand new in box.My daughter says they are very comfortable and she gets a lot of compliments on them.The blue and purplish pink color on the shoes are easy to match with a lot of outfits and are not neon in color but very pretty shades.", "Beautiful.  I love my shoes & they are top quality and very comfortable. Thank you very much for these wonderful shoes!", "bad deal, expensive not like the pic small way too small for the size ordered, not happy with the purchase ..", "They are super comfy and so cute!  I get tons of compliments on them.  Would definitely buy more colors in this style.", "Shoe fit according to size is really comfortable and looks way better than the picture makes it look. Would definitely recommend.", "A little small, but something I can hold...Should recommend to buy half size bigger. Anyway the color is beautiful and cushion is great!", "83 Pegasus rule", "They look really great, and they fit well when standing still.  As soon as I started to walk, my heel was rubbing against the back, and I knew they weren't going to work.  I've had several pair of Nikes in the same size, and this is the first time I've had a problem.", "Sporty and Casual, and you can also pull these shoes off a little dressed up. I love them and am very happy with this buy.", "I only gave it 4 stars just solely on the fact that I was expecting RED shoes. They were burgundy when I received them. Other than that, the shoes fit and feel great.", "The color is more shiny red in the pictures but it more maroon. And it s tight , not comfortable like my other size 9 shoes..", "Search criteria: Vintage Nike'sThey just don't make 'em like they used to.  The color, style and feel are all great.  These shoes scream vintage Nike and that is exactly what I am looking for. This is my second pair, as I originally bought  a similar variation of vintage Nikes in green.  Buying up all the colors!", "Should have ordered a half size bigger but great shoe if not for the discounted cost on other web sites.", "Bought these for my 19 yr old son. They fit perfectly and look great. The price was amazing! He loves them!", "These shoes are very nice, very comfortable. However, they are a little narrow, for those who may have wide feet", "I bought these shoes for my son. They were very nice and comfortable;  he is very happy with them, and use them all the time.", "Loved it. Spacious without looking huge and light weight. Just what I was looking for. I was hoping that it would not have mesh straps (couldn't see very clear in the picture). It does, but they are not too rough, so I'm hoping they would not rub the bare shoulders in the summer. Otherwise, great product", "great bday gift for my soccer loving son", "I use this little pack for cycling instead of soccer, and I love it. It's just the right size, which means less wind drag, and it's got a tube shape that allows it to hold more than you might think. The additional compartment on the back allows for extra convenience and holding space.", "The have padding around the ankles which is nice and a solid overall dry fit. Now I'm shopping for more dry fit socks.", "I was expecting more cush but the air bladder beneath the sole was too stiff for my taste. also the shoe was only available in standard [too narrow] width despite the size [15] so I must wear skinny socks for my feet to fit inside of it. it is too costly and too much trouble to send them back so I am stuck with them. maybe I will find somebody else with long but skinny feet who can wear them. that would extract utility from the jaws of futility, at least.", "Bought these for my husband and he loves them.  The shox makes the shoe very comfortable for walking.  The color is somewhat reflextive for when he is walking.  Great shoe!  Bought a size larger  for a heavier sock and it worked great", "Have been wearing Nike for years and found it to be a natural fit.  Being human I have tried many of the other headline brands and always found them wanting.  These are not up to Nike standards as the width is very narrow and the interior is not smooth so that pressure points are not comfortable.  They will get stretched and used primarily for dirty work.  Nike will get one more chance when the next pair is being considered.", "Nike air max the best looking to buy more in air max just like it very light and good comfort", "Great shoes & extremely comfy !! I think Nike makes the best ,Most wearable all day shoes !! I love them & wouldn't hesitate to buy them again .", "These are very comfortable and classic shoes.  Break in period was extremely short. Within a couple of days they were feeling real good. I would recommend these to anyone.", "If you like to pay a lot of money to be lied to this is the sneaker to buy on Amazon from this company... If not save your money and go to a store!!!", "Love the look of the shoe. Size fits well also. The only draw back is that they are on the thin side. If you have a wide foot they may be too small. I have been wearing them and they seem to stretch a little.", "was hunting for air shox,but could not find any in my local area under 140 dollars. i found these and liked the color and price.", "have received my nike shox 2013: color Black / Blue and it's COOL! Color combination, comfy and stylish.Nike Men's Air Shox 2013 Running Shoes", "Fast shipping comfortable shoes.  Like them a lot, but they do run a little smaller than other nike shoes.  Probably due to the heel style???", "I purchased these on a whim. They turned out to be a very, very nice product. thanks for such a nice product.", "the back of the show feels weird on the heal, doesn't cause blister but it takes so getting use too. no for distance running just a kick around shoe", "I have narrow feet and M seems a bit wide for me. Other than that feels very comfortable and looks good", "Upon slipping this exquisite concoction of nylon, \"foamposite\", rubber, elastic, and cotton on my eager feet, I immediately felt the warmth of a beautiful light surround my body. Through the zen-like warmth of this holy grail of sporty-comfort, I heard the sounds of craftsmen toiling the day away.The smell of Pho washed over me and I met my spirit-guide Billy Bob Nguyen, who said that was only his American spirit-guide name but that his native spirit guide name was Phuoc-Duy Tran Diep Dap Don Nguyen. Dare I question the logic of this omnipotent spirit guide and question the thinking behind either name, or the very idea that this powerful spirit creature should have to comply with anyone's wishes but that of His own? Just the very thought flashed in my mind faster than I could now run a mile in this holiest of holy shoes......well, actually like a LOT faster than than that cuz I still only run like a 15\" mile!.. but yes, the thought crossed my mind to ever-so-respectfully ask my spirit-guide to clarify and WHAM, a smack on the head with his slipper (edit: Nike Men's Lunar Presto Blue Hero TI Tint (Dang that rapper has his own tint!?) SI Running Shoes CONVERTED into custom holy slippers BTW!)!  Billy Bob Nguyen then blessed my unworthy ears with the blissful sounds of his story. A story that rambunctiously travels throughout the decades of the fine Nike Artisan Craftsmen and women who build these muses of the artists within our feet. Everyday they compose symphonies of silicone for the love of true oneness within our hearts and souls. For the true goddess; the powerful Nike!And a dollar a week.Thanks for reading!~(EDIT: Forgot to mention the impressive Nike Slippers Billy was wearing... who comes up with these shoe names anyways?! Like... WOW!)", "This Nike shoe is not available just anywhere. Even on Amazon, I had wait several days before they got inventory. You should consider yourself relatively lucky if you can get one, and totally feel blessed if you can get both shoes. If sufficient quantities of this product are not been available online, you may have to visit a physical store, might even have to push some people to get this shoe.This shoe fits. Well, both do really. I feel like a leaping chita when running in them. And I get plenty of looks too. Perhaps it's the shoes, perhaps because I'm hot. Either way. Great shoe.Now the details. The color changes on the front of the shoe when you look at it from different angle. But you can actually never see the other color. It's weird and awesome and totally unique. Anyway.Comfortable.  The shoes are very comfortable.  The color is great. And oh I don't know, just go get a pair, and you'll see what I'm talking about. I shed a tear every time I have to take them off. You'll see.", "I wear a sz 11. Fits perfect. Not too tight. Not too big. &#34;lunar&#34; sole for walking on the moon. If you thought your free runs were comfy, wait till you slip these on. The style is diffrent but still very sexy. A refreshing break from the other trendy shoes. The mesh material looks like itll go a long ways till it will crease.", "Shoes fit and feel great. My only complaint with this colorway description is extremely misleading. &#34;Atomic Red&#34; is actually pink, although in the pics it appears red. It's nothing that a red Sharpie marker can't fix though.", "it's nice shoes but there was no ties when i opened it...but the quality is very good...and where can i buy ties for this shoes?", "Hey these are very comfortable shoes. You may want to buy these as you don't have to lace your shoes. Great for walking.", "This shoe is barely a shoe. It felt like I was wearing a reinforced quilt. I had no confidence that this shoe is going to hold up to any sort of wear and tear so I sent them back.When I called SneakersRX to return them they told me I had to pay the return shipping! It took almost a week for the shoes to arrive in the first place and now I have to pay to return them? I am extremely perturbed about this. I have order from Zappos many times and my shoes typically arrive next day with a prepaid return label.Once again Amazon, you've given my business to another horrible third party merchant. When will they realize that, by doing business with these vendors that offer horrible service, the Amazon brand suffers too?Oh well. Zappos, here I come. Oh, how I've missed you!", "I now own 3 pairs in each color...  THEY ARE AMAZING.  ultralight, breathable, feel like socks.If ninja's had shoes, these are what they would wear.I have never written a shoe review before...  but what the hell ... awesome", "love the shoes. very light great for running. used it for my marathon run and its comfortable. love the color as it really stands out", "Don't start everybody buying this one so I can stay originall!! :) really it's a great comfortable shoe. It fits perfect! The only thing is that the atomic red is more like a fuschia than red. Hope the stripes in the back last long. Overall is very nice and comfy.", "Awesome shoes!  Look very cool and very light cushiony feel!  Love the sone piece slip on cobstruction!  They actually have a cery light minimal feel on your feet.", "I ordered these for my husband, a big runninig shoe fanatic. Now, all his friends and nephews are quite jealous. They are a hit! Good quality and very good price! No one in our area has this style!", "Great quality and look, they get complimented a lot. They just take some time to get adjusted to cause fit a little tight on the upper part of your feet. Ideal for cold weather. Good buy.", "I am a huge Nike sneaker fan. It pains me to say these sneakers are only average. First of all they run a little narrow. Next up the re-enforcement around the toes is pretty stiff. I thought I just needed to break them in. so i wore them and worked out in them and ended up with aching feet. The only good thing is that i recently threw out my old sneakers that i use for doing my yardwork. So now I used these when i mow the lawn and work around the yard. When life gives you lemons, make some lemonade.", "like I said in the description, this shoe was way too tight in the toe box.  had to send them back, nice color, hope that Nike gets it together and remakes this shoe in a wider toe box version.", "The shoes were for my husband,he loves them.They are very comfortable,fits great.Excellent item, very well protected , arrived in record time, arrived in perfect condition,very pleased with this purchase!! Thanks a lot!", "Received as seen in the photoI am a UK 11.5 and I have another pair of Nike running shoes US 13 so I was sure these would fitSurprisingly they are quite padded, I did want them for the summer but with a pair of thin ankle socks they ll be cool enough  insideCould be worn to a club or to the parkCasual but trendy", "I bought these from an outside retailer (DSW) in Military Blue. They're super comfortable, but as a big dude, they run narrow and small. I bought them in my usual size of 11.5, but had to go back and get a size and a half larger. The size 13's are fantastic. Awesomely comfortable.", "as soon as i got em i threw them on and left the house.i absolutely love these. i feel ike the s#1t when i rock these.", "Like most Nike lines, you must try them on in person to really know what size shoe you're going to need. Unfortunately for myself, I did not have that luxury, I personally would go a half size bigger, these are definitely not running or gym shoes by any means, so if you're into collecting and having a nice &#34;kick it&#34; or retro style shoe, by all means, this is one for your personal collection.", "Good shoes, right color and everything but they fit smaller then most other nikes.. They look exactly what is posted", "This shoe runs somewhat narrow and short in the toe box, I would recommend ordering a half size larger than what you normally wear in Nike running shoes", "I love the way Nike running shoes feel, and these Dual Fusion Forever shoes carry on that tradition. I don't actually run or even jog, just love the comfort of lightweight, well cushioned shoes and these do not disappoint. They are very comfortable for every day wear or just on weekends or time off from work. I found the sizing to be spot on (size 11), but if your not used to a running style shoe they may feel snug, not front to back 'though, more like they're hugging your feet. That's how they support your feet through the motion of running. Great shoe at a good price.", "Nike Men's Air Turf Raider Wolf Grey/Black/Drk Gry/Tm Orng Training Shoes nice fits sweet totally good love them! i recommend these guys", "Like most of the pair of Nike sneakers I have bought, I love these they are very comfortable and I really can hustle along in them. They are light weight and fit very well.", "I saw these in a store and the leather was soft.the leather on these ones i ordered was hard as rock.they are not the same as i saw  in the store.what do i do?", "It fit perfectly and I love the design and feel the only thing I would change is the laces are a bit short lol make 3-4 inches longer", "I like the style and color of the sneaker and they are very comfortable would get them again in the future.", "These are great, if you are under 300 lbs, 2 months of use these poped the inner air suspension and begun to make squeak noises", "I love shoes from leather, as used to train in the gym. Good head shoe, very comfortable and look cool. I made a great purchase.", "The product is a good choice for gifts, but the provider does not .. I failed in delivering my courier. I was to wait for weeks ..", "We are satisfied, thanks &#128079;", "The shoe was just what my son wanted. It arrived on time and packaged well. They were just about a half size to small and had to be returned.", "I got my normal size (being ignorant even after reading reviews about going a size up) and my toes are right up against front of the shoe. My toes rub up against a rubber border that houses the stitching that attaches the insole which is a bit weird. A little wiggle room (just a centimeter) would've been nice but since these only come in whole sizes, go up that one size for the comfort. Also, going up a size would also create a little space in the narrow feeling toebox.I'm still wearing them though because they're a nice looking shoe, very stylish and super lightweight and comfortable! Haven't been exposed to heavy rain yet but they hold up in a decent drizzle. I like the feeling of the solarsoft insole (like a ribbed massaging feel) and I'm hoping the shoes will give me the wiggle room I need once I break it in.", "I usually wear a 10.5 but they didn't offer that size in any colorway of this shoe,  so I bought the 11. It's a tad bit big, but I like it overall. Reminds me of the roshe run", "Very pleased with the shoe.Sneakers are so expensive now and these are reasonable for a stylish shoe.Pleases even the pickiest shoe critic.", "My husband loves them, he has in the past bought the black & grey and black & red ones and I finally found the black & white", "My son hates to shop with me!! Granted he is 23 and claims I have been embarrassing him in malls for 20 years. He particularly hates sneaker shopping and has been purchasing the same style and brand for 5 years. He puts a lot of miles on his sneakers,  I assume avoiding all the women who are chasing him. Coincidentally this style also runs loose. Black is the perfect color for business casual during the day and for the hip coffee shop near his apartment, which he avoids because of the pricey coffee. He is practical, frugal, hates to shop and single!This review should teach him to go shopping with his mother!!!", "Shoes were one size too small.  I obtained the shipper's return instructions by phone and followed them and I'm awaiting their refilling the order with the next size larger", "No really happy that I paid 35.00 for these shoes and when I received them they had price tags all over them showing a price of 32.00.", "This is the second pair of Nike's I've bought from this seller. Have gotten great compliments on both pair of shoes.", "Bought as a Christmas gift for my son and he loved them. They fit perfectly. Would recommend for anyone thinking of purchasing them.", "My son LOVED these! They're very sleek and made him feel really &#34;cool&#34;. The atomic red is actually more of a neon red/orange/pinkish, but it didn't look girly at all. They held up well through one soccer season and we hope to get wear out of them for another season as we bought them a little big.", "Excellent soccer cleats. Snug fit. Great sole support. Great traction and acceleration with stud design pattern. I do prefer the feel and added protection of the synthetic leather used in the Victory over the softer and more expensive leather material used with the Velocoe. Fantastic cleats", "My son loves them and asked me to do a nice review for them. The boots fit well and he claims they make it easier for him to shoot and pass.", "these boots are worth the money and the time amazing qaulity an hold up in many conditions such as rain and snow love these boots", "we tried these on before we bought here...$20 cheaper than found at a local store. package was crushed, but not a real isse since we were not returning.", "Great quality socks, but a bit pricey.  My Grandson was very excited to get these. Would buy these socks again.", "These socks were a great gift for my nephew. Arrived quickly even at Christmas time and in perfect condition. I was thrilled that I got the package before the expected delivery date.", "my son enjoyes it so muchnice pair of soccer shoes for indoor practice. My son has been using it over the winter and feels great.", "nice pair of soccer shoes for indoor practice. My son has been using it over the winter and feels great.", "We got these for flag football and soccer once he started to run fast enough to actually slip on the field.  These are flexible and soft enough for his feet.  They fit as expected.", "Bought them for our daughter who has practice three days a week and a game or games on the weekends.  Decent length studs avoids slipping on wet ground.  Will definitely buy these again.", "Sent two accidentally", "No stars for this one! Deceptive Marketing by this company due to the fact the socks have three colors.They don't show you a picture of the backside of the sock because the color is HOT PINK, who is is going to buy a sock like this!Buyer beware of A plus.", "There is no color or size description for this sock.  The pic looks like a gray and red.  I have never seen this color before by Nike so I would really like to know from the seller:  What are the colors and size for this sock in writing??Thank youNo response after weeks of this post...looks like they get a low star rating then....respond to my question above and Ill move it up!", "It says large clearly on the sock and I have these colors worn by many people in my area. Ok", "Great fit, great grip, great shoe at a great price. Matches my son's uniform perfectly.  He plays indoor competition soccer and we've seen more confidence in his game now that he can stay on his feet. I couldn't have made a better choice.", "I watched a few reviews for this shoe on youtube.  It's perfect for stop and go pg moves.  The only thing I wish they would change is a solid heel cup that will lock your heel in place.  My heel felt loose even when I tied them tight but there was still no slippage.  They require some time to break in but after that they are great!.  I have 3 different colorways of this shoe.", "Awesome", "I bought these for my 5 year old.  We had a pair of red ones that he had worn out so I found these and thought they would fit the same but he did complain about them feeling too loose on his feet.  He wore then but he fussed about it most days.", "perfect fit for grandson.  He loves the color and wears them all the time.", "I ordered black and white ones and was sent these green and black ones instead. Very discouraging when I opened the box", "Great shoe, great price.  My son really likes the look and feel of the shoes.  Honestly I would like a pair like these.", "I bought these shoes on a whim for my son. Even thought they are plain black (with the exception of the Nike Swoosh symbol) they are very sleek. I would definitely recommend these shoes.", "quality = GREATwe have (believe it or not) used these for 7 months,.,.,,we bought them big but they stretch a tad so they are great esp. for a wide little foot :)", "I purchased this shoe for my nephew's birthday and he just loves them.  He loved the bright colors and said they were so light and comfortable.  It has been a few weeks now, and he still tells me how much he likes the shoe.", "I expected this Nike sneaker to fit right - but it also  looked fabulous ! The colors are bright, and my grandsons loved the way they were so easy to put on and take off.", "My son has these in two different colors. They're great! I throw them in the wash when they get dirty and they hold up perfectly!", "My brother loves thes shoes.", "I tried to change the size I rebaught it in bigger size, thank u for the service  It was a pleasure", "This is the first time I have bought Nikes for my 5 year old.  The last two pairs of sneakers he had, wore out almost immediately.  These are now over a month old and the soles haven't worn out at all.  They look great too and are easy for him to get on by himself.  I will definitely buy these again when he outgrows them!", "comfortable, easy on and off bc of &#34;fake lace ups&#34; and velcro strap.  my son likes them. would buy same ones again.", "great shoes, They have been worn daily for months and are still going strong.", "Got these for back to school for my 12 yr old.  He really likes them.  The fit was good and we'll probably get Nike's again.", "Bought these for my 6 year old and he loves them. They are his everyday shoes and holding up really well.", "From the pic I expected the shoes to be high tops but was not disappointed. They look great and they feel even better. I'm even considering a second pair!", "Great, fast shipping...Perfect condition...My son loved them (he seems to think they make him play better basketball)...Would buy another pair in a heart beat.", "My boy love his new shoes!  He was very excited about getting them. Couldn't wait to get themthank you!", "My husband has such a hard time finding shoes that fit! These fit and lasted him. I just purchased the second pair he has had so far!", "I love these shoes! They are my favorite pair to wear! They are extremely comfortable and quite roomy! When wearing these shoes, I would wear them in warmer weather, because they are made of a thinner material than other, thicker shoes. These shoes have really good traction on the highy-used areas. I would reccomend these shoes to everyone who needs a good, reliable running shoe!", "My son has had these shoes for 4 months and the sole has separated from the rest of the shoe.", "Basketball shoes for my son and he has not complained about them.  Seem to offer the support that he needs.", "These are a great alternative to the more expensive Jordan's.  The product arrived promptly and fit well.  Many kids today expect their parents to dole out over a hundred dollars for a pair of shoes.  I'm not about to do so!  My son was satisfied with these, and my purse was not heavily lightened in the process.", "Hi, I bought one for my son. But the size was problem.I expected a little bit loose size. But this shoes was too tight. Other thing were good except the size.So next time i will order one and half size bigger.", "Disappointed because the shoes,said to be size 5 M, do not fit my son. They are extremely narrow. To top it off I paid  $17.00 to ship two pair of shoes and have to pay to return them. So I will be out of at least $30.00 for a product I cannot use.", "My son love this shoes, fit very good and the color is like his uniform. High quality and protect my son very good .", "These are cool. My 9 year old loves them. They are holding up well and give great support for him too.", "This is the second pair I have bought for my son.  A good shoe and it holds up with playing and sports.  He loves thm and I love the price!", "My first impression is very good, and, what is the most important, my grandson liked them a lot. The time will show how durable is the product.", "This product just fit as expected , nike is always a good brand, I can recommend it .What you see is what you gt.", "In the sizing info beside the size choice arrow, says that a 4US 3.5UK is a 36 EUR and 23cm but this is 19.5 EUR and 10 cm, cant be used at all", "They have been a very good shoe for my son and he love's them! I would recommend them to anyone very pleased with them.", "My son loves his new shoes perfect for the kid who likes to run all day it recommend then to anyone looking to get a good deal", "These fit well , they are really nice in terms of style. My husband says I did good for the 1st time he's happy too. These are true to size and I would order another pair.", "My son loves them and I do as well. He took them on vacation to Orlando. He says their very comfy.", "My son loves these shoes for basketball, says it makes him jump higher. They are very light weight. A good buy", "I bought these as play/school shoes for my 5 year old son. They are very nice, good support around the ankle for those crazy activities boys love to get into and easy to clean. They also look good in both slacks and jeans.", "The sneakers are cute, but I unfortunately brought the wrong size and had to return them and purchase another pair", "I love Nike sneakers for my toddler, they are comfortable for him and give him great support and non slip soles. I had taken him previously to a children's shoe store and they properly measured him and got him his first pair of Nike's there. These Nike's fit exactly as the first pair did so I am very happy with the sizing.", "My 15 month old loves these shoes.  He gets them muddy and they are easy to clean.  Easy to put on as well.  Worth the money.", "My son loves the shoes. Theye were a little pricey but as long as he like them, I guess it's ok.", "I'm use to very light weight shoe. Bought them for more appearance than anything. Still to heavy", "es exelente zapato ideal para jugar basquet  es lo maximo tien agarre en todo tipo de cancha bien sea d tabloncillo como de cemento", "Picture made it appear more purple...they are definately blue! Still a great shoe;)  but wish they were more purple! :)", "I was having a difficult time finding a cute pair of sneakers for my daughter that would also work for her gym class but she could wear all day. This pair worked! They're comfortable enough for all-day wear, but tough enough to take gym class. And they look and fit great! What a find!", "Bought these for my 11 year old daughter. She loves them!! Practically wears them every day despite having other shoes and sneakers.", "These are the most comfortable shoes ever. They are so light, easy to put on, so my daughter is wearing them all the day since she got them.", "I ordered these shoes on Saturday afternoon and they got her Thursday at noon....now that is speedy to me when I didn't pay for express shipping.Anywho my two year old got some of these shoes last summer and she absolutely loved them but her foot grows like wild fire so she out grew them pretty fast and we couldn't find them anywhere and had to order them online...she is so happy now. She put them on straight out of the box as soon as I opened it and she even took a nap with them on.Toddler happy = Mama happy!!", "my lil girl saw thes had to have them ! they fit good and wears them everday to school and they are holding up", "The colors are great.  They hold up well. To me Nike runs 1/2 size smaller on kids.  Try on a pair at the store before you order on line.", "They are a perfect fit, and very secure on the feet. So cute too !!!  I am very happy with them.", "I'm a personal trainer and primarily use them as my go to workout shoe when lifting.  I prefer a Newton shoe when running but if your looking for a nice light weight fitness shoe these are great.", "I am not a hardcore runner, so I do not know how these would stack up on the track, however they are everything I wanted for a daily athletic shoe. I wear them while commuting, while walking to my gym, on airplanes etc. I get a ton of compliments on the style. They are comfortable and never needed to be broken in.", "I usually wear 6.5 & these fit perfectly. I only wear Nike's because they're the only sneakers that are not too wide or too narrow for my feet.These are very light plus they are not high so they don't bother my ankles. The overall quality is pretty good. I would definitely buy them again.", "Great comfort shoe.  These fit as expected.  These are good for running or cross training.  Can be worn with or without socks", "These shoes look GREAT and feel great!  I forgot how wonderful Nikes were!  I get complimented on them daily!  Great shoes!!!", "Beyond happy with my purchase. I am a sneaker fanatic, and when I could no longer find these in any store I turned to Amazon. I am nurse who wears sneakers all day everyday, so comfort is a must. The Nike Free TR 3 are so comfortable and so cute.. I love them!Got my sneakers on time with no problems. I highly recommend the seller...they will not disappoint.", "They are so cute. The color is perfect and they fit as expect! All people ask form them. I love them.", "Im obsessed with them! They are super super comfortable and flexible. Definitely fit true to size. I get compliments every time I wear them. Id buy these again for sure!", "The first time I wore these to the gym I was asked where I got them and complimented on them. I absolutely love these shoes, they for comfortably and look great. Additionally, they were shipped far quicker than expected and the customer service was great. Would definitely recommend and buy again!", "Fit amazing. True to size. Colors are amazing!  The mint green is a great contrast to the neon orange. I have gotten so many compliments!", "Love it", "I'm buying more.  You forget you are wearing shoes.  But the support is there. I can move any direction and the shoes are like an extension of my feet.  Love these things.  Thank you, Nike, for getting the fit right.  Buying more!", "The amazing thing about these shoes is that they are super light weight - I've never worn anything like it before. Unfortunately they do run small. I am a solid 7.5, which is what I ordered, but my toes were right up the top. Sadly I will have to send them back.", "great support and super cool laces - already owned a pair so knew my size was rightI love these shoes!", "Not only the look but the fit is so confortable that my wife just loves them! The animal print laces are really cool.", "I love how these shape to my feet! They are the most comfortable running shoes I own. They are awesome!", "This shoe looks just as it does in the picture and fits as it should and even came with an extra pair of laces.", "This review is mainly about sizing and shipping by the seller Shoezoo.Before pulling the trigger on this pair of shoes, I did a bit of researching on the Nike Free shoes.  Apparently, there are much complaint about its sizing, especially for this particular model, for being too small.  Despite that, I still bought a pair in my regular shoe size (6.5). To be honest, I was nervous before they arrived but once I received and tried them on I was very pleased with my decision to buy this pair of shoes and in my regular size.The fit was quite perfect as they nicely wrap around the entire foot.  I had no problem with them being too narrow or tight.  Rather, I'd say it is a better fitting shoe than most athletic shoes which have a lot of toe wiggling room thereby making certain exercises hard to do. The shoes, as they fit, make me feel like I am barefoot but with the tech support of athletic shoes.As for the shipping, I was very very pleased with the speed for I have received them a couple of days after buying them, but I was not too fond with the way the shoes were shipped.  The shoes were placed inside the original Nike shoe box; however, only a white plastic shipping bag was tightly wrapped around the box so some areas on the box was creased when it arrived.  Nevertheless, because Nike shoe boxes are generally strong, despite the creases, this box did not get crushed or collapsed during shipping so the shoes were not damaged, and that is why this review still gets full stars.", "Just what I was looking for. Love the color of the shoes, the cheetah print laces are just my style.", "I wear these to workout 4-5 days a week doing tabata, very high intensity workouts and elliptical/treadmill cardio as well.  very comfy and flexible, which is good for the interval training I do so my feet bend with the shoes comfortably.  I want these shoes in 5 pair and 5 colors!!", "No complaints. Exactly what I expected, comfortable, stylish, and a good price. With a second set of cute spotted laces.", "I increased my distance gradually with these Free Bionics, and I am now up to 22 miles. Just like all running shoes, I wear one size larger than regular shoes. I love them!", "This is an AWESOME shoe! I absolutely LOVE IT, but Amazon has this listed as a running shoe, but it is NOT. This is a training shoe!!", "I've worn Nike \"Free\" running shoes for 8 or 9 years, now.  I have an extremely large Achilles tendon that, frankly, gets abused by the plastic piece in the back of 90% of sneakers.  I have very high arches, and have always needed extra support from whatever athletic shoes or cleats I've purchased, regardless of the expense or style.  On top of all that, I am a bartender/chef/caterer and am on my feet ALL DAY.  But once I discovered the \"Free\" style, there was no turning back!  All problems solved due to the super-contouring design that lacks any solid plastic 'bones' and amazingly specific fit.My only issues with the design were that (1) I would wear a pair out at nearly double the rate of other shoes, especially the soles, and (2) they were not ideal for any kind of cross-training, due to the lack of a \"grippy\" sole.With the \"Free Bionic\" style, both issues are solved!  You get the best of both worlds: the fabulous fit and lightweight design that the \"Free\" style is known for, and a really sturdy, thick, sole that has tons of traction.  I've been wearing my current pair for just under 6 months, non-stop (literally to work and the gym EVERY DAY, 12-18 hour days) and I am just beginning to see enough significant wear and tear that I am ordering another set.  I believe I will get TWO pairs this time, one for work and one for gym activities, because I think the wear and tear from the gym is a lot less significant than work and, hopefully, that pair will stay newer, longer.PS: I was THRILLED to find these in (nearly) all-black! Awesome for working in the restaurant industry!", "The shoe looks good but doesn't offer support and has a low rise in the back.Nike makes great shoes but not this one.The white material shows threw the black mesh and doesn't look great", "This is a really flat shoe with very little support which is what I was looking for! This shoe works great for lifting and weights days but when I'm planning on cardio I wear something with a little more support!", "I bought these from Finish Line just the other day. They're perfect for winter time lifting/cross training because they are very low profile but still substantial enough that your feet won't freeze. I use my vibrams for lifting normally but it's a pain packing those as well as wearing my running shoes to the gym during the winter when it's too cold to walk around outside in the vibrams. They would also be fine for sprints and cardio machines, but I wouldn't recommend them for running long distance. They'd get worn out too quickly and would be hard on your feet and legs if you're not used to barefoot running.  I got the Pink/Black/Yellow-ish ones and I really like the colors.", "Good deal and exactly what I was looking for. My daughter was the recipient of these shoes and she loves them for her cross fit class.", "These shoes are great, super light weight and comfortable but aren't great for running on pavement. Whenever I run more than 2 miles on pavement with these shoes, I get an aching in my shins that I don't get with any other shoes. This doesn't happen on an indoor track, trail, or any other surface. I love the bright color and visibility they offer, but if you are primarily a sidewalk/road runner, get something with a little more padding.", "These were true to size and they have been very comfy when I workout.Note: They are not good running shoes.", "I bought this shoes for my fiancee he totally love it. He was so happy when he saw it and so was I. We went to Florida for vacation so many compliments it may it worth while. Im glad I bought it as a gift for him.", "i don't use them to run, though i could.  the full air soles keep my back in less pain more than almost any other shoe.  and this year had a nice design..", "fit is the same as other nike shoes.  I have a bad back and a bad hip, these shoes just made a 10 day trip to disney world, with out them I would not have been able to do as much of the parks as I did.  The air sole is perfect for absorbing the impact of walking on pavement.", "I love these shoes.  The air sole is good for my back and my feet.  It doesn't compress over time.  The problem I'm having now is that I'm about to wear a hole through one of the shoes (blowout) and once that happens the pair is no longer.  I'm trying to extend the life with shoe-goo now.  They look great, feel great, and almost no one has a pair.  It's an investment, but I would probably purchase another pair.", "I bought these as a gift. After the person had them and tried them 2 times, she said that they hurt her feet, so we needed to return them. I got the size she usually wears in sneakers but they were too uncomfortable.", "I really like these sneakers.  They are light weight and generally comfortable.  I think they run a little small, though.  They would be perfect if they were just a tiny bit wider and longer.", "Still on the wall with this shoe fits a little small but is super cute and was a great price", "I have wide feet, I only wore them for 30 minutes and they hurt my feet. It felt like they were choking and couldnt get proper blood circulation. The construction was weird, it's been a while since I got nikes but i guess they're new shoes are now made in one piece, the tongue part is sewn togetherso there's no way to loosen the top part of the shoe to give you more comfort. Putting it on is almost like slipping into some clogs. My feet swell up a lot because of a medical condition, these aren't recommended for people with blood circulation and water-retention issues. they're for narrow and skinny feet.", "Best shoes ever!!! Am buying these shoes again because I loved them so much. So super light on your feet. And sooooo squishy and comfy! I have very narrow feet and find it very hard to find shoes that fit, but these fit perfectly. So these are mainly for narrow feet not wide footed people. If you have narrow feet. Buy there's!!! I use them for running mainly.", "I ordered a size 9.5 and recieved a size 7. I called and was told the right size would be sent out. I just received it and it's ANOTHER SIZE 7. Really? Not happy right now.", "I got these for my birthday. Did not purchase from Amazon. It is a very comfortable shoe. But after only 2months the thin fabric on the upper shoe got a hole. So I got another pair. After a short time same problem. Sent my shoes to nike who decided that it was an outside abrasion that caused the shoe to wear out.so they did not honor there warranty. I fixed the holes my self. Still an incredibly comfortable shoe. But will be trying the sketchers sketch air very soon.", "I like the color, the fleece, the hoodie. But i miss a hole for headphones", "So good I have 2 of these hoodies", "I own 3 different colors. Nice warm and stylish. fitted design nice cut and I really love the arm-pocket. Really love the high zipper and the designer drawstring.", "They fit fine, I don't feel like they are much of a trainer shoe. The bottom is already falling apart and I wear them maybe once a week. I've had them about a month or so.", "Tennis equipment is expensive. These shoes were a better bargain on Amazon than elsewhere. They are day glo orange and look like they should glow in the dark. But overall a good value.", "I brought my son to stores and these were the lightest I could find.  Put these on one foot and different light ones on the other foot.  those hyperquickness are the best.  my son moves very quickly on the court.", "bought these for my daughter , she on the girls basketball team ,she loves them it was cheaper the going to the mall ,they were here in a couple of days you cant beat that.", "Extremely light and durable! One of the nicest and  most comfortable basketball shoes I have ever owned. It fits true to your size and I even wear a zmast ankle brace. If you want speed and comfort while playing ball you should buy these now!", "I've been a long time Nike basketball shoe wearer and am known as the sneaker head around work.  Have to keep the kids and myself in inexpensive yet good shoes.Anyway, I was in need of a shoe with extremely good traction because I play every Sunday night on an old church gym floor that is in need of a good wax job.  My Kobe 5's are one of the better performing shoes as far as cushioning, fit and performance, but they lack traction on anything other than a perfect court.  I tried my sons pair of Hyperdisruptor's and I really like them a lot and was actually looking for a pair of them when I came across a really good price on the Hyperquickness.  It looks almost like the same exact shoe as the Hyperdisruptor.  The traction is exactly the same and is the highlight of this shoe and one of the main reasons I purchased it.  It squeaks even on a bad floor.One area that is improved on over the Hyperdisruptor is the Midfoot harness that helps keep the foot locked down.  That was a problem for me before and is something I really hope Nike starts to put on all of their basketball shoes.  It really helps secure the mid-foot and ankle areas.  The other area of improvement was that the fit of the shoe is more true to size than the Hyperdisruptor which ran too small.The only thing keeping me from giving the Hyperquickness a 5 star rating  is that  there is no heal zoom in the Hyperquickness.  The Disruptor had both forefoot and heel zoom.  I'm so used to having zoom in the heel, that the Hyperquickness just feels flat in the heel area.  Having said that, the forefoot is more important for me when playing ball and the zoom there is excellent.  In fact, the forefoot has a very good cushioning feel.  Better feeling than the Disruptor's.  I think the overall transition is even better then the Kobe's.If I had to pick between the two shoes, it would be really tough.  I think Hyperquickness with heel zoom would be the perfect shoe so I guess it depends on how much that means to you.", "True to size, comfortable, lightweight, and the colors are bright. These kicks are just like the one's KOBE BRYANT wears. My boyfriend likes them a lot. Satisfied with purchase and recommended product/seller! =)", "I bought these for my son and he loves them. They fit perfectly and are comfortable.", "My son loves these shoes he is on his second pair.  First pair we bought at Kohls in Las Vegas, Nev, we live in Minnesota, he hasbeen looking for another pair for awhile because he loves how they look, so thank you for still having them.", "aaa+", "agrables shoes very comfortable with great colors and design for jogging and happy with the purchase has very good style", "These Hyperquickness looks good on pictures but when you received them they are really tiny and thin shoes, if someone step on you on these shoes you'll be messed up! I wouldn't buy these for fifty bucks. I actually returned mine. NOT RECOMMENDED.", "My son loves this shoe. It's light and pretty stylish. Feels very comfortable. Delivery was extremely fast. I would continue to order from ebay.", "I'm a size 13 & thats what I wear all my shoes are 13 however these are a bit tight I'm trying to break them in but I must say its painful.", "I bought these shoes from Olympia Sports in white and black.I love the way the shoes fit, but after playing ball in them THREE TIMES, the fabric on the left shoe, on the inside, tore through to my sock.  I could stick my finger all the way through and see my sock in TWO PLACES!I love to play basketball, but I know I don't go THAT hard.  This would have been a five star review had the fabric not ripped through so soon.  The shoes weren't even broken in yet.Olympia is going to take the shoes back and let me exchange them, but I will not be getting a pair of Air Max Body Us.", "They fit well and are very comfortable. It did take me couple of days to \"break them in.\" However, I think they are a great alternative to Hyperdunk and other overhyped Nike products.", "Good quality and comfortable as expected by nike I also like the look its very sporty and great while workingout or playing basketball at the park or in the gym.", "Worn them for a while and still haven't shaped to my feel", "The shoe is great for basketball in and outdoor.  The only problem is that you'll get blisters for the first few days.", "My review says it all, five stars, fit perfectly I used them for indoor and outdoor practice. No complaints at all, this is my second pair.", "Excellent, I am very satisfied and very happy with my article, congratulations, together we made a good choice, I will continue my shopping at amazon.", "I bought these for one of my boys. They fit great and he loves them.", "My husband bought my son a pair of these at the mall in a different color and paid way more.  Love them because they are wide enough and stylish.  They also stand up to the daily pounding that a twelve-year old puts them through.", "My grandson was so excited when he got these. Although he's only 8, he wears a man's size. His foot is narrow, as a child's might be. He found the medium a little snug width-wise.  At the end of his first wearing, about two hours, he said the bottom of his feet hurt.  We love Asics. Guess these just aren't the right ones.", "I don't play basketball anymore. I just like to wear a stylish shoe when I got out and about. Nikes have never done me wrong. Been loyal to them since high school.I got the white and black color. Looks even more awesome in person that the picture shows. I replaced the white laces with black ones and they look even more awesome.Happy camper.", "This is the lightest basketball show I've ever worn. Great feel, almost feels like your not wearing any shoes at all.", "The shoes are tight across the instep", "Great for indoors playing!", "As promised, the sneakers were very nice as I opened the box.  They fit as expected.  The colors were amazing and blended well..", "Liked it very much stylish. Size fits well. Everyone will like this. Price was also good. Will recommend to all.", "I purchased these shoes for my husband. He has worn several types of Nike shoes in the past and has always liked them. Recently, I convinced him to try some other brands like New Balance and Sketcher. Those shoes sit in the closet worn only once as he claimed they either didn't fit right or didn't look right. I found these Air Visi Pro shoes and suggested he stick with Nike from now on since they have never let him down. These didn't let him down at all. They look really nice and he swears they are the best Nike shoes he has worn yet. These are so comfortable in fact, that I am getting him a second pair now to have ready when he needs a replacement in case I can't find them a year or so from now!", "These are for a 12 yr old.  He wears them all the time so apparently he likes them.  If he didn't they would sit in the closet like new forever!  The fact that they are not made of that mesh stuff sold me.  I don't think it's leather but it gives protection from the snow since boots are so uncool.", "The shoes are great...they fit good and look good...I would buy another pair in a minute and I actually might", "product came damaged. Loop for the laces was unattached for one spot which makes the sneakers not useable. Nice sneakers but can't be used...", "Very comfortable shoe that is actually made to play basketball in, which has become increasingly rare in &#34;basketball&#34; shoes.", "HelloTo my thinking are something somewhat smallat the tip of the shoes too tight. Exterior very soft.thanks.", "I tryed it. Size fit to me.But i wish heigh more longer.By the way It satisfy me.Thank you.", "The shoes fit, but it is a snug size 11, and it was listed as &#34;Wide&#34;! Like the 'Air', overall feet feel good. I wear them to work, on me feet a good part of the day, and only one day in the last month did me feet bother me, the first day--breaking them in. Arrived a day early too!", "Husband like it", "Excellent product, fits very well, good quality, I use them for go to the gym, and play basket, sometimes for going out at weekends.", "Nike Quality at it's best ! This shoe is super light..it fits perfect and looks great with Jeans or Shorts. Great product as expected from Nike.", "Good shoe for the price. Perfect fit, comfortable, great grip on the basketball courts. Built in heel protection that gives this a professional touch.", "Good job guys", "Perfectly fine!!!! B-)", "This shoes are great and the store SHOEZOO is amazing.. Because they sent me the shoes In  2 days. I purchased it thank you so much", "Bought these because I know that they would fit 'out of the box' with no problem. Nike is usually consistent with sizes.", "Great for working out in  thats all i use them for Which includes running jumping, weight lifting, jump rope and more", "Ordered this as a gift and thank God the bright green colour didn't turn off the recipient since the picture clearly didn't show a fluorescent green on this shoe. There also wasn't a colour option.", "I love this shoe...now that I have a good pair of them. I purchased a pair of them and after about a week of use there was a lump in the sole of one of them. After attempting to fix it to no avail I exchanged it for another pair and all was good. Great for working out in. Highly recommend.", "I only wish the swoosh wasn't purple looking but the shoes are very comfortable and light! Size was right on the money!", "I was surprised by the light weight but the support. I have  bad feet and I've been able to walk regularly.", "excellent footwear, just as I expected. very comfortable for running and training, very good color, fast shipping and handling, just the seller's shoes as public.", "These shoes will turn heads because they are hyper neon.  Also, very comfortable to wear around and doesn't have a very high arch so it feels very stable.", "they was exactly what my nephew needed. he needed shoes for marching band practice these was great shoes for school too.", "This was a great purchase the shoe is very light and comfortable, I take them on my morning run all the time.", "My husband says these shoes feel really great on his feet and he got them at a price he liked!", "Very Happy with these shoes. They perform great and were reasonably priced. They are definitely very light, comfy, and stylish!", "The shoe bottom fell apart after only wearing the shoe a few times. Disappointed because of that. My boyfriend liked the appearance of the shoe. Would have been perfect if the bottom of shoe wouldn't have fallen apart!", "It fits as expected. Lighter as well.", "Very ergonomically designed. And very cool looking, Black and white, no excesses. I am fasion-sensetive about these things and I chose these for their looks just as much as for the feel (I tried them in the Nike store where they were twise as expensive).Perfect fit and feel of the ground. Flexible and light. There is room for the foot to spread the toes, so to say.Could wear them 27/7. Most comfortable and light sneakers a I've ever owned.", "Like the Title line, I love how they look and they dont seem to run large or small like some shoes. They are pretty comfortble too.", "Was excellent just what I expected. No issues with this what so ever highly recommended to shoe lovers.  thanks much appreciated", "They are a bit heavier than previous Free's but that's fine, because they make up for it in sexiness. Everyone wants a pair of shoes like mine", "I like the look. I like the comfort. I like the feel. This is more for weights that something super lightweight (although it is still pretty light). Very nice and stable.", "This is one great looking sneaker a real head turner !!! It does fit a little snug,but I would guess that probably wearing it more and more will loosen it up...overall it still feels really good on the foot,and I absolutely love the way it looks...and so do others !!!", "If you have the confidence to pull off neon in the gym, buy these shoes.  Since owning them, its almost impossible to keep the ladies off of me as I walk throughout the gym.", "These are great shoes, but the color is somewhat problematic.  First of all, they're hot pink.  That does not really come across in the pictures.  Second, all of the straps are not the same shade of hot pink, which would seem to be a QC problem.  If I wasn't perfectly secure in my own masculinity, I might not wear them.", "these shoes look great, are very comfortable to wear all day casually and are good for working out as well.", "I have been looking for new training shoes for a little while and decided to give amazon a try. I found these and they were just what I was looking for. They look and feel great. I am very happy with the Nike Air Max Compete shoes.", "I love these tennis shoes but the way the heel is made has been causing me problems where it's friction against my ankle has created a very uncomfortable bleeding sore! I thought maybe it's just me at 1st, and maybe it is, but, I've never had a sneaker/shoe do that before; none of my others do. So I believe that perhaps a lower or less stiffer ankle support area is needed on these", "Nice boots but very narrow shoe at the toes. If you're looking for a fit like the Nike Goadome like I was, this probably isn't the shoe for you.", "They fit me the very best of all shoes! These are no exception, and I love them! This color combo is fun too.", "I wear a 9.5 in Nike SB sneakers, these fit a bit smaller, but may have been because they are more restrictive than Nike's other shoes.  Did not have a size 10 so I ended up ordering a different brand.  Would have really liked these shoes for the money though!", "I haven't warn them yet.  the seem to fit ok when I tried the on.  there could be more color in the shoe.", "this was the first pair of shoes i've ever ordered online. i was relieved when they arrived, on time i might add, and they fit perfectly.", "I'm have an old pair of this same style and that's why I bought these and I love them as well I haven't worn them much yet because I live in Syracuse and I don't want to ruin them but they are awesome.", "I had an old pair of 6.0 mogan mid 2s that were brown suade which sadly they don't make anymore. I use these shoes for downhill (mtb) races and for dirt jumping/bmx and they work great on pedals.after you break the, I'm they fit like a glove and are extremely comftortable. The best part is that they're crazy strong, too.", "Fit as expected - just as other size 10.5 sneakers.  Well-made.  This is my son's second pair.  He bought the first in a store and was happy to find these on-line.", "Received this shoe right before I went off on a big trip with lots of walking and standing around.  The shoe was very comfortable right out of the box and my girlfriend really liked the look.  It fared very well through miles and miles of walking and kept my feet feeling great!", "This item was a gift for my brother and disappointingly we discovered that the shoes were too narrow.  I will be sending this item back on December 26, 2013.", "My daughter loves these. She said the fit is comfortable. Not too clunky or heavy. The colors are great for different outfits too.", "Husband loves these shoes, very comfortable, and well fitting, true to size.  He is not a fan of the new colors, too bright with neons, etc.  He is very conservative, and it is getting harder and harder to get the traditional navy and white he prefers.  We're both very pleased with the purchase.", "Pictures looked good but actual quality is fairly low for Nike.  Fit is decent, but thinner than expected material makes them slightly uncomfortable.  Not the skate shoes I was expecting.", "We ordered a 3.5 his size three Nikes we small, so a 3.5 would have been perfect. These sizes run pretty small when we opened up the box my 11 year old and I could see that shoes looked a little small. He tried them on and they fit, but just barely. I would recommend getting a t least a halve size bigger than needed and hopefully it works out better for you than me. On the other hand, delivery-fast, appearance-great.", "My son loves these. Great shoes. They came promptly, however the packaging could have been better, and more secure.  The box came damaged, and almost open.", "These wraps are great for yoga or other mat-based exercise.  Along with fingerless gloves with non-skid pads, you can do downward dog and plank without your sweaty hands and feet slipping along the mat.  These are definitely not for zumba or other dance-based exercise where you need more protection, but if you need more traction for your yoga poses, these are comfortable and very helpful!", "Quality, color and fit are as to be expected, Nike is a brand that can be trusted. Even the packaging was nice.", "Sneakers are somewhat more narrow than other Air Max 95's that I've purchased. It took a few wears for comfort.", "awesome", "My third pair. Great for walking. Reliable, Amazon made my shopping for all I need easy & price is right. Thank you Amzon", "I have recently became an Amazon shopper. The Nike Air Max 95 OGs are classic sneakers that never fade in style however, they are expensive as hell! Also, the shoe is hard to locate. Well, I checked Amazon and y'all had them. The shippment was fast and the shoe is great looking! I am quite impressed. Not an exercise shoe; but great with jeans and a polo.", "Lovin this Og air max 95 ..so comfy ..d best air max  ever ..can't believe found it in Amazon ..thanks", "Love these shoes.  They fit great.  I have been waiting to buy these shoes for about 15 years!  I was in my early 20's when they first came out and I never had a chance to get them until now.  Love them and plan on getting another pair.", "I always buy from amazon and it save me time and money plus I love the services. I fine it easy to shop on line no long waiting in line plus you can also fine the old and new styles.", "beside the size issue, this sneakers is perfect. i'm from the caribbean island of trinidad, an original pair of these are $300 US, i payed $127 US here, cant get better than that", "I purchased the sneakers for my husband for valentines day. He is very picky when it comes to sneakers- they are perfect!", "Top quality shoe, they run a little small however. Buy a half size larger than you normally wear. FYI, they might fit a little better.", "I was very hesitant because I thought it would make my feet look wide. But these are great. OG.  the price is a bit high.  But I love em", "I got these very hard to get sneaker purchased months after limited release...you guys are the source for the rarest, authentic sneakers!", "Wasn't to happy about this product one of the shoes was wider then the other one  paid 150 dollars for them only to get a defective shoe and it's very noticable.", "I cant belive amazon let people sell boot leg shoes , Omg  i paid a 160 dollors on a pair of boot leg shoes, but you know what God dont like Ugly.", "Been after these for awhile. #1 AM95 colorway in my opinion. They look great and fit excellent. Just one more for the collection", "Love the shoes, but fit a bit tight. I feel they may stretch out once wore a few times. However to be safe I would recommend a half size larger.", "Still cannot believe these were still in stock but at the price they are asking I can see these are in limited supply.  In my opinion these are some of the best looking athletic shoes out there.  I don't plan on running with them, more just for casual shoes with great styling.  Beware, these are about 0.5 size too small in length for sure.  Shipping was $10 and took more than a week to get here/price of shoes is quite high as well hence the deduction in the star but otherwise as expected.", "The courier just dropped my pair off.They came in the original packaging and yes the smell of new kicks is good......", "Reviews by a working man - for the working man...!  OK - first let's just get something out of the way - these shoes are frigging &#34;Bad-Ass&#34;... (that's totally Bitchen for all you surfer dudes, and/or  pimptacular for all you Hip-Hop players - Holler....!)  You see - buying new kicks is somewhat of a tiresome, long drawn-out process for me.  Along the lines of going clothes shopping with the wifey (something you hate doing but every so often you know you have to...).  Now lets see why these &#34;Nike Air Max 95 OG's&#34; are so Bad-Ass. The Nike Air Max 95 OG pays tribute to the very first Nike Athletic shoe (1995) which incorporated the  &#34;Air Max Cushioning System&#34;. Every year since 1995 - Nike has continued to pimp-out these shoes in every way possible with different styles and edgier colors. IMO the &#34;Air Max 95's&#34; is what put Nike and their &#34;Air Max Technology&#34; on the map.  After receiving these suckers I un-boxed them and can still remember the one word that came to mind while holding these suckers ---- QUALITY...! The craftsmanship alone had me giggling like a virgin on prom-night..!  Words can't describe the joy of putting these bad boys on my feet for the first time. To be honest - they felt almost too comfortable (if that's possible...?).  ****IMPORTANT*****  Because they run small - make sure you get a 1/2 size larger then you normally wear - you'll thank me later -  trust me...!  Now let's talk price. Be prepared to sell a frigging kidney because these suckers are god-damn expensive....!  Why because  A.) They are kind of hard to find - little lone in your size. Remember - if the price is too good to be true - it usually is (a lot of fakes in this model...!)  To distinguish real from fakes head over to youtube and watch a couple of videos before buying.  B.) They are the most sought after &#34;Air Max&#34; runner Nike has....!  Conclusion......: Are the Nike's Air Max 95 OG's worth the $168 dollars I spent...?  Two words - HELL YES....!  By far and without a doubt the BEST athletic shoe I have ever owned to date...!", "Love love love the shoes!!!! This is my 3rd pair in this color and style!!! Air Max 95 are the best!!!", "Great service will recommend to my friends I brought 3 air max and the all fit perfect can't wait  to order more", "I loved these shoes when I saw them online.. and I love them even more in person.  I'm not a huge purple fan.. but these are really nice and funky! Love!", "I like my shoes on my feet because that's where they go. I enjoy wearing shoes a lot. End of story!", "I got a compliment the first day I wore these :)Very comfortable and easy on the eyes, well they are an eye catcher.", "I wear them every day when walking and with casual attire. They are comfortable and the appearance has drawn some positive comments!", "Bought these for my husband and he lives them.. Sneakers arrived quickly. These are exactly what we expected? Fit true to size", "My husband and I ordered these as a gift for our grandson. They look even nicer than the pictures and fit beautifully. He was very pleased.", "My b/f has been coveting these shoes for a while and I found them on Amazon! According to him- fits true to size and it's like walking on air. It's a brand that's tried and true...", "Bought them for my 15-year-old brother and he loves them! They're eye-catching, this color makes everyone looking at them. They really are different than the models you see in the stores or on the streets,", "My shoes are very comfortable and they fit really great! The shipping  process was not a problem at all. It was immediate & better than expected.", "Excellent sneakers. My son love it. Youth style. Very high quality made. He had long dreamed of such. Of course a little expensive.But they are worth it.", "My favorite Nike Every. Will always been my first choice, and my purchase was just what I have always had. Quality!", "I looked all over the internet and in every store and I couldn't find these shoes . So I go to amazon and here they are . I was a little scared because I didn't want to buy some knock offs . So I took a chance and they came in a day early ! And I check to see if they were fake , turns out that there real .", "[4-6-14 ] - I received these probably 2-3 days after ordering them. The shoes came in original Nike box. For those who are skeptic about purchasing these Nikes ? I can assure you that these are not &#34; Replicas&#34;. Yes I was a little worried that these could have been knock offs, but THEY ARE LEGIT. Just do your research if you have any doubts. Thats what I did. + I got these for cheap vs the $ in stores. Id get them if I were you !", "Nice fit loved the colors went very well with the jacket i have.will be buying from them again no question asked..", "Great fit and comfort, I have gotten great replies for looks.I am hopeing to find them in blue, At even a better deal. Keeping my fingers crossed. Love the fact they came in a timely matter always have some of the best service ever so far and I use Amazon often.", "The Nike Air Max 1 EM was no different than any other air max shoes that I have purchased, splendid. The shoe is lightweight and comfortable. WIth the air max bottoms and the mesh construction it almost feels as if I don't have any shoes on my feet. I am satisfied with my purchase.", "1st and foremost, the Nike air max always has and will forever be an iconic sneaker. This shoe is composed of a crisp white mesh upper and gracefully complimented with fire red accents. I have yet to wear them due to the weather but because of my extensive Nike collection, they are a comfortable fit. I highly recommend this shoe to anybody looking for a crazy fresh pair of comfortable sneakers to add to the summer collection.", "these were a gift for my daughter's boyfriend and he loves them.  The shoes were very durable and are worn for basket ball almost every day.", "Hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh gh ui ii o pl y ty fg lo bae go u long ball dit dig hig get goin", "I have bought cheap department store shoes for years and all they did was wear out. The Nike air Max torch 3 was not one of them. I've had them for about a week and they are holding up great. I highly reccomend these to any athlete.", "i must say these are a nice pair of shoes, they are comfortable and the colors are very nice, overall a great buy.", "My son loved his sneakers. They looked so nice on his feet. His feet as caught the attention of others too.", "As soon as the item arrived for my husband we noticed that the black rubber of the sole started to peel and underneath the color is white so it's very noticeable. I don't think I can even fix this. Fill it in with black permanent marker??", "My boyfriend liked them. I got them for him for valentines day.. couldnt hold out so i gave them to him early . Will most likely  order again. Recommend to friends.", "These Nike's are super duper! They look like the pic and fit well.  Run a little on the narrow-er side if your foot is wider, you'll need to wear them in a little.  I got them for my bf and he loves them. super dope sneaks!", "I love the color way and the design of the complete sneaker. Great color for the summer gear. You will like this sneaker.", "I love these shoes. I wanted something light but with enough support. The only issue I have with them is that the tread on the bottom is just wide enough to wedge small stones/pebbles in them. Every time I go out I have to pick stones out from the bottom of my shoes. Kind of a bummer but great otherwise.", "I have an extremely high arch which has always caused problems with losing circulation in my toes/lower parts of my feet with most shoes after I've had them on a bit.  The angled lacing and tongue area seems to move that pressure away and I can wear these all day, not just for an hour or so.  LOVE!", "I thought the color was pink. I didn't read the discription. The color was red and looked like boy shoes but she loved them.", "Very comfortable pair of kicks that looks great with the right pair of jeans. Lookin to cop some retro 89's soon.", "Wow, these sneakers are turning heads, looks good in the pictures and it looks better in real life, excellent purchase.", "it fit very good the quality was great everyone like them.enjoy the shoe.i have a friend going to order a pair", "The shoe is super comfortable. Played basketball for hours and didn't have any blisters. The price was just right too", "The shipping was on time and the quality of the shows are great and in great condition. Not a show you wear everyday most most definitely a show stopper.", "this item fits and look just as expected i love it and recommend it to you if you are interested", "I got my Jordan's there in great shape, but the jerk tried to steal my debit card info and was almost successful I would be cautious to buy anything from this guy", "I bought these for my husband, and so far he likes them. He hasn't had any problems. I'd recommend them to anyone who likes the way they look. They meet all expectations.", "Purchased as a gift for my 17 year old son. The shoes have the retro look though the material and colors are of the modern look. The son took to them immediately. His friends think they are cool as long as they don`t know who bought them.Good price and quick delivery. Thanks.", "This was my first time ordering from this seller and the shoe is amazing. I was kind of skeptical at first but this was perfect", "Great fit.  Great show.  Great customer service.", "The coloar scheme is sick with these ones. The material may stain from wearing pants with these kicks. I'd buy another pair just for the future.", "Lightweight and durable. Recommended by my daughters track coaches. She likes them so well she ordered another pair for everyday wear.", "apparently they are defective cause one is cut thinner at the toe then the other shoe and the back of shoes looks choppy like these were ones that didnt quite make the cut im short but i have fat feet maybe if you have skinny build no problems honestly if i was told this first i couldve saved time and money. i cant beleive this. now im out shipping cost , i cant wear these cause they hurt my pinky toe. now i have to pay to ship em back for my refund and i am very upset. dont buy form \"Sole Place\"", "Great everday sneaker.  Comfortable for walking around all day.  Looks cool with jeans.  Fits really well, typical for Nike sneakers.", "Good product, fast service.  Niece used daily for games and practices.  Shoes are comfortable and Fit as expected.  Thank you", "I wear them every day for work and my feet no longer hurt from my shoes any more. they are wonderful", "These were a Christmas present for my son. He loves them. They fit as expected and were a good price too.", "Purchased shoes for daughter's volleyball.  Excellent sole for the court, but a little stiff.  Uppers are a little stiff and could be more supple.  High quality stitching.  Lasted entire season.", "My daughter loves these shoes. Just got them, so hard to tell about durability. Seem to run a little big. Delivered ahead of schedule by Webzom.", "Purple is my favorite color. They fit very good. The color also goes well with my different color shirts that I own.", "Fits great", "My husband had these on a wish list from last Christmas.He had forgotten about them so when they showed up he was happy.  He saidhe wasn't crazy about the NYC on them, but they fit well and he likes them.", "Nice and comfortable shoes. The retro style is great! Everyone always says something cool about my shoes. I love them!", "I purchased these sneakers because I was looking for a different pair of sneakers to buy that would provide me with support while playing basketball. I'm in my 30's, so I like to still be flashy when I play, but I also am aware that I need to support my old body! In terms of comfort, I give these a 10. Right out of the box they feel snug to my feet and are true to size. Nothing is perfect, but I feel like after a day of playing ball, they'll be nice and broken in.I don't often buy sneakers on Amazon because of the sizing issue, but I feel like these are a good buy for somebody looking for a solid pair of sneaks to play indoor ball. With socks and ankle braces, I still feel comfortable in these. You'll get a couple of looks too, because you more than likely won't see many people with these on.", "These Nike LUNAR SAFARI + Running shoe's, are so mega comfortable, I'm happy that I looked on Amazon, and,found them. they fit like a glove.I highly recommend these, to semi atibe people, they're not just for running, that's the beauty of these shoe's, and, they're great if you have back problem's. Most people whom, have back problem, sometime's because of their shoe's.My Sinderest Regards'Jeffery McKinster", "They are great looking and very confortable. My grandson wears them at all his basketball games.  They fit like a glove.", "These shoot help me run the basketball courts in style there comfortable and feel great im so impressed with this shoe its just a so nice pair of hooping shoes", "way way too high priced. look good. fit boyfriend nice and match everything. just way to expensive for a regular shoe they sell in the city for $65", "Extremely narrow fit. Fit is much smaller than normal sizes. Nice looking shoes. Very good value. My son is happy with them.", "Fits tight and the material feels like its plastic/fake.  Not a good quality.  Also the ankle support is very poor.", "I ordered this sneaker for my son who usually wears a size 6 but while the length was fine, the width was too narrow and the velcro tabs would not fasten.  A cute sneaker but much too narrow.", "Got these for the bf he loved them and said he gets compliments every time he's worn them , !", "With this sneaker here you definetly need a size up cause holy crap was iit tight for my foot. After a few wears it started feeling better, but you should go with a size up.", "Comfortable, good looking, great for indoor or outdoor exercise : running, walking, gym", "I really love these shoes! I wear them all the time. They are extremely light and they are also very comfortable!", "Good buy, arrived on time and the fit was true to size..It wears well and a good choice for an active boy.", "I have to walk a couple of miles daily.  Helped make it easier on the legs and feet. My right ankle has been broken twice. They give great support to my ankles, and eased my mind.", "Extremadamente contento con estos zapatos era lo esperdo por mi persona, ahora puedo salir a disfrutar de las partidas de basket con estas kevin durant.", "first off, ARCH has outstanding service. Very fast shipping and your package might even come sooner than it is supposed to. The packaging as well was far superior to other sites i've ordered from (Eastbay.com sucks *ss and takes 6 weeks to come in).As for the shoe,Fit: 5In my opinion it is perfect. But i will say it reminds me of track spikes b/c it makes you want to run on the balls of your feet. (not heels). Which i like, others may not. Maybe a big man wouldn't like it who knows. But for a guard or for those who are quick on there feet, perfect.Traction: 4Not out of this world, but best i've had so farBreak in Time: 5I've only had them for a day and played for a few hours they already feel fine. Maybe another day or two and they'll be fully broken inBreathablility: 2/3not the best at all. Def under par when comparing it to the hyperfuse, hyperagressor, and other nike productsOverall: 5for me it's perfect, maybe others are more pickyhope that helps", "I work in a warehouse driving a stand-on hi/lo and the only shoes that are really comfortable to me are running shoes. My employer requires all footwear to be leather, and unfortunately most running shoes have a lot of mesh fabric in their construction so they're lighter and more breathable. Thankfully Nike and amazon through ActivInstinct in the UK had an all leather running shoe that was less than $100. Very comfortable, true to size 'though a little snug around the ankle (they are running shoes after all), and I'm sure will be more comfortable the more I wear them. Would have given them a five if they were nearer the $50 range. Shoes arrived within a week despite being shipped from the UK, they even threw in some Haribo gummies in a little packet, awesome!", "I appreciate the fact that the seller responded to my email, almost instantly. The seller mentioned that,&#34;If they don't fit, send them back, and you'll be refunded.&#34;(so I was able to communicate with him - which is a good thing)These sneakers are authentic, they came in the official Nike shoe box.Retailed at $160.00I paid $139.99...Not a huge savings, but these are exactly what I wanted.A unique sneaker, delivered to my door in a couple days? I couldn't ask for more.(I just hope I don't mess them up, this is the most expensive footwear I've paid for in a long time) - lol", "FAKE These shoes are not real, this is a big rip off for fake shoes, if you want fake shoes, you should not pay more than $80 for them.", "You like AJ1 lows, red and saucy potatoes? Well these are bossy shoes! Feel amazing, look ill, colorway fresh and the red lining is soo luxe-o! BooSS booSS", "These shoes are awesome!!! Look way better in person than the pic!! I couldn't even believe the price! Very nice Jordan's for a great price!!", "For some reason this style is hard to find.  I surprised my husband with this and he flipped out.  quality and color are excellent.  Will definitely order them again for him.", "These sneakers are the most comfortable sneakers I have ever owned. I am a server and I use to get blisters on my feet. With these my feet have never felt better. I am definitely going to buy more for my collection.", "Really comfortable, stylish classic shoe. looks good with shorts, jeans, or sweats. bought these because they are the Knicks color.", "Bought couple weeks ago and love them. Width is little tight, but after couple days this problem disappears! One more time prooved that Nike is best!", "These shoes are great.  That's it.  No need to delve into them further (except to point out they're a bit tight in the width, at least for me).  Overall, these are both fashionable & great for everyday wear and to the gym.", "these shoes are great. i love how they look. except they fit very tight at the toe area. so i suggest getting a little bit bigger size than you need. they fit me but just at the leather part they are suuper tight.", "i hate it looks old! it's new but the model looks so old! wish to return it.. what can i do?", "So ugly I never used it, it looks good on the picture but it shines a lot, looks very plastic. I am very disappointed.", "These shoes really hurt my feet. They are not comfortable to run in at all&#128545;", "love this shoes as soon as i opened the box, it looks beautiful. The size is a bit narrow for 10.5 but im not taking off a star bec of it.Price is also reasonable and lower from Amazon  compare to other stores that sell this online.  Im happy with my purchase.", "I like the fit and feel of the shoes (I have worn Nike size 11 for years now), but the outsoles - the layer at the very bottom - are not red/crimson as they appear in the photograph. Instead, they are hot pink. (If that works for you, great - but buyers should know what they're really getting.)Update: They have posted better photos now. I'm bumping them up to 4 stars because the shoe design and fit itself is good. I have them in black now and I've been happy with them.", "can't go wrong with Air force 1, looks great.  i would love to wear this when i goto club but i don't.it gets so dirty in the club cuz people step on shoes...", "I am very pleased with these shoes. They are very comfortable and make walking a great deal easier. I'm not in such a hurry to kick them off when I reach home!!!", "I ordered these shoes because I was looking for something light weight and comfortable to wear to work. I am on my feet all day on hard floors at a hospital and these shoes are very comfortable and fit great. They offer great support on the heel, too. I added Dr. Sholl's Active Series inserts to them because I have recently started wearing them in all of my shoes due to knee pain and I have been pain free since! Definitely a great value for the money, and I would order them again!", "I work 12 hour nursing shifts in these shoes. My feet don't hurt a bit. I want more colors in this shoe.", "I loved this shoe so much I bought a second pair! I do cross training and these shoes are light weight but still provide plenty of cushion when you are jumping around. They came quickly within a few days. And the color-design is fun!", "Love it!I'm a dancer and the shoes saved my life.Hill pain almost stopped me from my daily practice.", "My friends and I did a Dirty Girl Mud Run and at the end we donated our shoes for a cause.  I went online right away and ordered my same pair because I love the way they fit and they are so light.", "I've always wanted these jordans. Pricy but when you wanted these since you were young you have to have them. Every one asks me about them and where I got them. Love these shoes", "the shoe came in awesome condition, the only thing was the box was scuffed up pretty bad, but... its the contents that matter not the packaging.  they were sold out of the 8s so i bought the 9s which fit as expected no regrets whatsoever. price is steep for sure, so think long and hard before making that purchase.", "Got these for my grandson and he is thrilled. Says they fit perfectly and are just what he wanted. The price was extreme, but so is my grandson!", "A really nicely done retro. It fits great and looks really like it should. Really happy with the style, fit,and quality. I also received good fast shipment of order. A good experince all around. Nike does a great job with the retro Jordans!", "I am always skeptical ordering expensive shoes online. Especially shoes that are highly counterfeited. However, these are the real deal. Brand new, and delivered very quickly.", "They fit awesome. Worth every penny. I want to get a pair for both of my sons. I've been wanting this shoe forever.", "100% authentic from sneaker stadium get them if your considering they got to me in a few days and with no damage", "My significant other was determined to get these shoes for herself but they could not be found anywhere. I was not expecting to find them on amazon but was very happy to find a pair.I disliked the obscene price but since they were so hard to find I understood.I would recommend these to anyone that loves Jordans!", "Light, comfortable, but a bit wide across the ball of the foot. (size 10.5). Laces allow tightening but for a narrow foot a slight problem.", "The sneaker came as promised, in a new condition and on time delivery. The only thing is the fit. I normally wear 8.5, but I should have purchased the size 8..", "The shoes were just like in 94 when I bought them, I just have a bigger shoe size now.  Been looking for these for months", "These shoes looked so sick on the internet and were no different in person when they arrived.The only thing i can say about these shoes is that they fit a little bigger than they say. I ordered a size 11.5 US when I am usually a size 12 US and they fitted perfectly.They receive 5 stars because they look amazing", "No disappointments. Shoes were in brand new indeed and exactly as I remembered 19 years ago! Good one for all you Nike retro lovers", "The shoe looks sooooo good! It also very comfortable like all other air max but its already showing signs of wear after the first use.", "I have gone through several pair of nike shox and didn't think more comfort was possible,i was wrong !Not only does it feel like walking/running on air,but they look very cool,i think my favorite Pair of shoes so far.I just hope they will last ,deffinately couldn't afford another pair any time soon.", "I really like these shoes, they are hip and comfortable. Exactly what I expected. Not too heavy either, I would buy them again.", "Anybody I know has nothing like them and they match my little girls collection now looking for a pair for my son", "Colored shoes are all the rage right now and these fit the bill, my son really likes them and says they are comfortable.", "Very beautiful shoes! Nice look and good quality. I tried on and it's very fit. Jumping can be more higher with the air room inside.", "I just got these shoes and love them.  The color is a silver gray, a bit moreso than the picture indicates (google it to see other pics).  The color pink is a cute bubblegummy pink making a great contrast and pop of color to the silver.  The reasons I didn't give these shoes 5 star review are 1. little pricey 2. outer shoe material is stiff a bit hard to wear in, plus I worry it will show crease lines pretty bad.  Otherwise I love the shoes, they are cute and comfy.  I ordered a size 8 and they were probably a half size too big, so keep that in mind.", "The wedge sneaker is all the rage and this is a nice shoe. It feels good on your feet, but the ankle area of the high top is a bit snug and irritates my ankle bone. It is a great shoe for sweats or jeans. The pattern is cool and goes with pretty much anything you wear.....very comfortable as well once you wear them a few times. I would recommend this shoe....but at the sale price...full price is too much to spend on a trend.", "Love the colors very comfortable, love the look, very easy to workout in, i used it for bootcamp and weights classes was very good. goo  traction.", "BOUGHT THESE HERE NIKES FOR MY GAL...SHE WEARS THEM TO THE GYM...SHE SAYS THEY ARE REALLY REALLY COMFY...PERFECT FOR WORKOUTS...SO I GIVE THEM A 5 STAR....THEY ALSO SHOWED UP ON TIME...SO KUDOS", "Super fast shipping and product as described.  I was so excited to get a pretty sought-after color combo in this design at half-price!", "The shoe seems big physically, however; it fits ok.. It is ilke man shoes. It is not elegant but comfortable.", "They just don't fit by lenght and weidthColor is different as shown, they are orange instead of red.Didnt know that I have to pay for the return as well", "I have never seen a sole like the one on this shoe.  It is hard to describe, but the sole is so narrow that it is almost like a ballet sole.  There is virtually NO support.  No Arch support, No ankle support.  I wanted it for dancing but I would not take the risk of injuring my ankle.  The shipping to and fro is the rotten icing on a bad cake.", "Awesome! Extremely comfortable. Bought as a Xmas gift for my son and he Loves them.... They are soooo comfortable I wear them when he is not looking", "These sandals are excellent they provide relative stability (for a sandal) and are not squishy at all but rather are firm with just enough give to be comfortable The plastic material on the foot bed is not that bad.  It breaks in over time so I would give it a week or 2 before making final assessments.  Great sandal feels like it will hold up well for an entire summer.", "They rock and i do not feel like writing eighteen words about them so this will be rest of review", "Did you see the colors and cut on these?  Because they look exactly like that in person, except better.  The sole material is a deeper beige than is shown online, so they look super vintage, like &#34;rubber band brown.&#34;  Super light and comfortable.  Love these.  Ordered them in another color within five minutes of putting them on out of the box.", "Bought these for part of my nephews Christmas gift... they were a hit... Loved the bold, yet subtle colors and fit true to size. Flexible for beginner walkers.", "My daughter loves bright colors, green and pink being her favorite.  She loves these.  We usually buy from road runner sports, but their selection for kids is limited.", "The laces are two sided really nice shoe a must have for one fans  I got me n my man a pair I got the purple ones tho", "Comfortable and eye catching.  Although he picked them out himself, they are better than I expected with a pebbly textured on the red suede portion.  He gets lots of compliments on them.  Fit is as expected.", "I like the shoes I think I should have gotten them in a wide. But once I break them in they will be fine.", "Replicas, it's right in the description that they aren't real, don't waste $345 on fakes.  I hate when people get scammed", "Is shoes recive fast is good shoes for very good priece, i love is shoes is excelent finish and label.", "These are good socks, but run a bit small for someone wearing a size 9 shoe.  They do the job with moisture wicking.", "Love these socks are great.  They fit very snug and hold their shape after many washes.  Also, they keep your feet dry and cool.  The moisture wicking really work.  I would recommend these to everyone.", "I really like these socks. Just ordered another pack for my sister, because she loved them as well. Nice cut, not to long. They are pretty warm too. Great purchase.", "They are Nike socks. What else can I add? Fit well, perform well, look great, a little expensive. The usual", "A bit longer than my Jordan 6 rings same size. I should have bought .5 less in size. but otherwise product is good.", "It was everything that I thought it was going to be. The delivery was on time and a bit early. I've been waiting about 13 years to buy them. It was worth the wait...", "Favorite pair of shoes I own. They fit nice and are very comfortable. Seems to get a lot of comments when I wear them also.", "Beautiful Nike's , my husband loved it. Fits perfect and very confortable. Colors are very bright! Love it, Thank you", "Cons:Dorky looking shoe. Runs a bit small, Not true to size (I have lots of Nikes), so order half size larger, to be sure. Has a cheap feel overall, and wobbles a bit when slow walking (but ok in a run).Pro: Lightweight. Latest design, if that means anything to you.Not on sale anywhere and really not worth the price, but if you want what your high school friends want this might be for you.", "I was a bit upset when I bought these for $70 when I went to a outlet where there was a Nike store and I happened to find blue ones my size for approximately $25, However I am into retro running shoes, and since I'm a distance runner and Steve Roland &#34;Pre&#34; Prefontaine is my hero! Nike releasing these shoes made me want to snag a pair of my own. These have a nice design and a &#34;worn&#34; look to them to make it as though they came straight from the 70s other known as the golden age of distance running. They are comfortable trainers and shoes you don't see everyday. These are also great to add to your vintage retro nike running collection!", "Nice color, great Shoes. Really confortable. I used to travel in cool weather and feels great. I will buy same kine again.", "The Nike Men's NIKE AIR MAX 2013 EXT RUNNING SHOES, are the perfect running shoes for those who look for a light and stable shoe.", "Shoe fits true to size, comfortable but not enough to justify the $130 price. Wait for a price drop................. worth a $100 or less", "nice look but bad fit. shoes rub on upper heal of foot very bad feeling. i wish it would have been a better over all fit. size was perfect but design is a little off.", "Great shoe, very comfortable, I already recommended it to my friends who are also shoe geeks. I rated this product five star because its a really good shoe.", "I'm a severe over-pronator and develop pain and overuse trauma injuries when running in shoes that do not control motion.  I cannot run more than 15 miles per week in these shoes without pain.  They are very light and pretty stable but not as good as the Brooks Beast.  I currently use them on my shorter distance runs and speed days.  They work great for that.  Not enough support to work for me on long run days.", "I love these shoes! My son is very hard to find shoes for and these turned out amazing! Love them!", "I bought these by chance they would be good for my leg and knee. So far they have been great!", "I definitely love everything about these shoes. They fit perfect. They are everything I figured them to be. I'm totally satisfied!", "i found the exact same shoes for almost 200 dollars less and these happen to be 372 dollars the others were 160 so something isn't right here and it needs to be fixed", "I wish I could review the shoes, I was very excited to get them, but... they NEVER came. I ordered the shoes over a month and a half ago and never got them or any word from the seller about a possible delay in shipping. Now, I will say that I am currently deployed overseas on a ship, HOWEVER, the longest an item usually takes to get here is three weeks, max. I have ordered plenty of things a week or so after I ordered these shoes,and everything else has already arrived... yet I'm still waiting on the shoes. In the process of getting my money back now, don't waste your time with this seller.", "I bought the Nike Lunar Glides for my son and they are really great shoes.  I don't think people should rate a product based on the shipper.", "I have been looking for these slip-ons for years so where I saw them on Amazon I was elated. I was warned that I should get them bigger so from a 10, I ordered a 10.5. They are snug so I should have gotten 11s. Other than that, they are great. Easyon/easy off, padded for comfort and very light. I'm glad I got them and hope that they stretch a bit. I wear them at home all the time and the price was a great deal too!", "The Nike shoes have Benn so inconsistent in listed size to actual  most the time they run small I have worn 9-1/2 all my 45 year and still do but I had yo get size 10& 1/2 to fit this time", "Read above", "Giving 4... and not 5 ...cos i like other fitting better...But i really like this shoes... they are nice looking and comfortable", "Bought these for my nephew for his birthday. I was a little worried they would be knockoffs, but they were the real thing. Delivery was fast, showed up in just a few days.", "this is the perfect shoe , nice fit, nice look, nice nice nice, love it. Want a good basketball shoe buy this one Lebron X", "I fully agree with the two previous reviewers that this is an awesome shoe.  They definitely run small so you will most likely need to go up in size than you normally do.  I've never needed a size 10 in my life.  Normally I'd wear a size 9 or 9 1/2.  The only problem I have with this vendor is their price.  I bought mine in a popular store that is in most malls and usually a bit overpriced.  However they had this same product marked at $179.99.  They gave me a discount cuz I work in the same casino which brought my total cost to $152 which I could live with.  Even the $180 price tag is way better than the $300 I seen here.  Just be sure and shop around.", "great product! authentic, comfortable, and top of the line shoe! fits tight so might want to go a size or half size up!", "I've been using Nike Shox for the last 3 years.  I used to go home every night with sore feet from working 12 hour days at a tire shop.  I switched to these and haven't looked back.  If you are putting these to hard use I recommend getting a full leather upper as the fabric ones can develop holes.", "I was real love of this air force. In 2005 I bought it 1st time, that time it was soft leather with pleasant fit. after 8 years bought 4th air force, this time leather was hard, shoes was little heavy. Now i'm confusing this shoes is real one made by leather or replica?", "This sneaker is nice and pretty comfortable, but the sole is not as soft as some of the other sneakers that I have had in the past. It looks good and has good ankle support, but if you're looking for a soft and cushioned sole this shoe is not for you. Overall it is a good basketball sneaker and it looks with jeans for a night out.", "Love Them ! Looked everywhere for these shoes, My is Son very pleased...perfect Christmas gift,  will purchase from here again..", "These shoes were for my grandsons prom, yes he wore tux and Air Force One Shoes, He was very Handsome in his outfit,", "These shoes are thaa booomb! Quality is Excellent! Looks are Tight! Drops are Hot! Waxed Silver Tip Lace Goodness! Smokey Ice Bottoms! Black Laser Etched Leather! Juiced Up, Roided Out Tounge! And A Luxurious LUNARLON Insole! All combine to make me FEEL GOOD! A SOLID COP WITH NO REGRETS! Got me Dancing like Michael Jackson Inside!", "I was looking for red sneakers, I am a huge sneaker buff!!! I found these on amazon, ordered them  they came in a timely manner. They are even nicer on and a hint of sparkle:) love them, love them !  I like the fact  that they are unique like me!! I would recommend them but I'd like to be the only one with these:):):):)", "I normally wear a 9.5-10 but I got 9.5 with these and they were a little to big. I kept them because I figured when I started wearing thicker socks in the winter they would fit better. The picture does not display the sparkles or schemer that is all over the shoe. I was just happy to find a no-mesh shoe for work so I was will to suck it up", "I have worn Nike Air shoes for 30 years.  I LOVE them because they fit my foot, feel SO good and have an incredible, spongy bounce.  When I saw these Retro Red running shoes, I ordered them asap.  I got them today and was so disappointed.  The material of the shoes is hard . . . practically rock hard . . . next to no flexibility.  There is ZERO bounce to these shoes - ZERO.  These are cosmetically cute shoes but don't kid yourself . . . they aren't for running.  They were also larger than normal.  I ALWAYS order a Nike 8.  This time . . . too large.  WHAT?  Sending them back.", "Fit as expected and lots of stability around the heel.  Would purchase product again.  Red is gorgeous with a little sparkle.", "I really love the way these sneakers look, they are very cool.  However, I need to return them because they were incredibly narrow.  I was going to bear the discomfort and try to break them in, but the pain was too overbearing and unfortunately, had to return them.  I wish they did fit, they are very cool looking.", "I have the red and grey color and I love them. Other guys are commented on the style and color as nice all the time. They feel and fit great. At first, they were tight but, now I love them and they are so dam comfortable.", "these thongs are super comfy- light, fit well to my feet, and feel good on the bottom of my feet.", "They are okay, not anything extraordinary.  This is my second pair and I will buy more in the future.  I like the fit.", "I have Morton's Neuroma and these actually help with me with my sore feet.  This is the second pair I have owned and I love the fit.  I am usually not a flip flop type person but, have had to due to the neuroma.", "This is my second pair of these flip flops.  Had a pair two years ago and loved them loved for them last summer and could not find them.  Then found them on amazon.  Would love it if Nike would bring them back and in other colors.  Great seller, and very quick shipping.", "I knew this certain style needed a 1/2 size bigger, even if you had previous NIKE shoes. So it became a perfect fit", "They may be a little expensive but for the quality it is worth it. I got them right on time I LOVE this, got them as my birthday gift more than I expected. In a scale from 1 - 10 I will give them a 100% because they are so comfortable especially for someone like me with flat feet.", "I love these sandals. They are so comfortable. I am looking forward to warmer weather so that I can wear them all the time.", "But I wear these all the time. I bought a pair last summer, and could not believe how comfy they were. I bought these in a different color so that I can wear them more often!", "Love them, fit great, super comfortable, don't seem quite as red as pic, I bought them in green too.", "Purchased November 7, 2013, they fit like Nike always do. I don't see any major week points, I expect they will last a couple of years with moderate use. I wear them to perform resistance training along with cardio while on the elliptical and when ever the weather is nice enough for shorts.  They are very comfortable, I always buy air max, because they prevent Plantar Fasciitis effectively for me.", "These are extremely comfortable sneakers that have a lot of flare because of their color. They are Nike's so qulaity shouldn't be an issue. If you have the money to spend, I wouldn't hesitate getting these sneakers.", "I have three pair of Air Max Sneakers and these were just like all the rest.  However, after wearing them one time the cloth portion of the of the insole became detached from the insole.  I either have to take it out, straighten it every time or buy new ones.", "This shoes is great and the cushion when my feet hit the ground while running is very soft. The only draw back is the weight but I still like it and will recommend it to my friends.", "Got them at Amazon for 1/2 the price at brick and morter stores, nice running shoes, have been using them for about two months now and i'm very happy with them.", "Very comfortable shoe. Fits as I felt it would. Gives the comfort I've come to expect from Nike's Air Max line of shoes. Has gotten me a lot of compliments already. Great all around.", "Shoes are 1500 I buy another!Looking for fresh kicks this is the source old school new school don't sleep!", "I bought them for my husband to work out in.  He where them when we go out.  He loves the comfort.", "just what I ordered. great shoe. very confortable. although it is on the expensive side for a shoe that only lasts 6 months or less......", "Awesome shoes, at an amazing price, love it, I highly recommend it to anyone who likes Nike's shoes... Fits perfectly....", "So comfortable... make feel like walking on sky. very good for running . good color and good size makes very good for walk around.", "Right shoe went flat after about 2-3 months with treadmill only activity. Still working on getting replacement but Nike will only do if you buy direct from them. Tracking down the other avenue is quite interesting.", "ok to start this is a really good quality sneaker its breathable and really comfortable to walk.around in and the sneaker is a nice return from the original 95`s so now My goal is to get all colors in this shoe btw I have the original colorway ovean blue from kicks usa amazon is cheaper also", "I am an avid COMFORTABLE sneaker wearer! So all I wear are Nike Air Max & New Balance.  The Air Max 95 are one of my favorites of all time. I've been wearing them since they first came out & own them in several colors. I highly recommend them for anyone looking for a comfortable, long lasting running shoe.", "Would appreciate if there was some shoe bag-s in the box  in order to keep in my closet  Also price should be slightly lower", "I ordered the Nike Men's Air Max '95 formy nephew and he absolutely love them.He wears them with almost anything.", "Nike has a serious problem with marketing University Red shoes, then when you recieve them they are pink. Getting tired of this.", "Good product but the color in the pics is not the one I got, I got a lighter colored shoes which looks a little light red rather dark red as shown in the pics.", "Bought these for the hubby...he loves them.  Matches the Orioles colors perfectly", "I had Air Max running shoes in the past and knew they run 1/2 size small (9 1/2 instead of 9). This style unfortunately ran narrow as well and was not comfortable. Very easy and quick return.", "What can you say about the total airmax's, they are priced a bit steep but they are also the most comfortable.. I am positive core runners dont buy nike air max too much from what ive seen on runners feet but for us that are less fanatic but still active, pick up a pair. Youll see.", "It is very comfortable and I like the style and the color combines with any short i will buy  nex time", "I only use the shoe for casual outings but have enjoyed the comments from people about how cool they look. recommend to everyone.", "these were some very nice sneakers, but contrary to the traditional air force one sneakers the velcro straps are removable", "Always in nike i wear 13 US which is 47 eur but that one its comming small and tide from front", "Stylish to the fifth power!  And Green is my favorite color. They have a wide footbed so they are very comforatable.", "If you don't try on this shoe before you order, make sure you get 1/2 size up from your regular Nike size. Fits like a glove and super comfortable right out of the box.", "these shoes are very soft and when walking, your heel slips a little bit. But while running these shoes are transformed! The cushioning is awesome, the shoe really supports your foot and holds it in place. A lot of support through the mid part of the shoe. I have a lott of knee, foot, and ankle problems and i have NO pain while running with these shoes. I am ready to order another pair.", "Well I don't run like I wish I did but have been wanting to be more regular.  These shoes fit great and the most recent run I did with these was the fastest and longest run I had done.  I give the shoes the credit. Couldn't be more pleased, this is exactly what I needed.", "I am a consistent 8.5 in all styles of Nike brand shoes / sneakers, but my toes were in immediate pain as soon as I put these on; to the point I couldn't even think about running in them let alone walk around my apartment for 30 seconds.Definitely recommend getting a half size up.  Otherwise, love the comfort, lightness + knit.", "I was drawn to this shoe because Nike's Lunarlon technology is really incredible and supportive. Throw in the new Flyknit technology and this shoe really feels like a snug sock on your feet. Love this colorway as well. It's grey/black with a sharp inclusion of blue. Just a great shoe. Also, this store might have the best customer service I've had through an Amazon store. Quick feedback, Amazon Prime fast shipping and delivery, and they've earned me as a repeating business customer for sure!", "Have a pair of these and they are by far the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn. The size fits true to size and has good neutral fit. Very light and cushions your run very well. Have ran in a half marathon in these without issue. Tread wears a little quicker than other shoes but otherwise great shoes.", "Had these for about 2 weeks now. Just started running again and needed something that would make it easier for me to get back into shape. Couldn't ask for a better shoe. Lightweight. Great cushion. Durable and stylish. I would recommend this shoe to anyone.", "I can't be more happy... Fits just perfect... the size, the color, the confort... everything is just what i imagine to have... i just love it... ;)", "The are incredible expensive. but they are also incredible comfortable. I am really happy with them. you can easily put them on and the feet gets enough air", "These feel and fit more like socks, with an extremely thin tongue, that requires careful fitting when you strap these on your feet - yet stays in place well thereafter. Ridiculously light. The fit is not rigid and tight, and allows for my slightly wider feet, but does not allow any heel lift while running. It seems to have support and strength in all of the right places, and flexibility where you need it. Well worth the high price tag - I think I'll buy three more, for posterity.", "Maybe it's unfair to give it such a low review as it is a very well made shoe but the review is based on my personal experience. I bought a pair of these at a local nike outlet and initially loved them so much I bought another pair through amazon. I like to run 1/2 marathons and while the shoe felt great at first I started having problems once I started doing longer runs (4 or more miles) or using the treadmill. I have flat feet, or more accurately, flat foot as my right foot is flat but not my left. I began feeling pain in my lateral ankle that only seemed to appear and worsen when I ran. At first I thought I was increasing my mileage or speed too fast and got an overuse injury, but it turns out it was the shoes. Halfway through a particularly painful run I switched my shoes back to my old partially worn out Nike Vomero's and the pain went away instantly and I was able to finish my run. I am hoping to return these as I've only worn this pair for a few miles on the treadmill my other pair got the brunt of the mileage. I have ordered a pair of Nike Pegasus 30's which are like the Vomero's but cheaper- a solid shoe with excellent cushioning which will be better for my type of feet. I really wanted to like these shoes they are considered by many to be one of the best but alas, my foot wouldn't cooperate.", "I've run over 40 years and over 100,000 miles.  I've worn Nike shoes for 35 years.  Over those years of running, the best Nike shoes of the past, for me, were the Terra TC (non-air shoe) and the Air Mariah.  I prefer a shoe that is lightweight (between a racing flat and heavier training shoe) and good cushion.  I find that the Flyknit is &#34;cushiony&#34; and lightweight.  I now have two pairs ... a 10.5 and an 11.  Nike shoes sometimes have a narrow and sloping-at-the-front toe box.  As such I get a shoe a half size larger.  I got the 11 first, then determined that a 10.5 would do fine ... and it does.  It's a good sized toe box, no need to go larger than ones normal running shoe size.  I've put about a 100 miles on the shoes ... I run 40-45 miles/week ... and alternate daily among 4 different shoes.  My longest run with the Flyknit is 13 miles ... I think they will do well for longer runs also.  I like very much the Flyknit.  They work quite well for me.", "Nice shoes to go out !!!! But definitely not made for running....Be careful the shoes fits tight, so purchase them with 1 size more...Very light shoe, nice look but way too expensive for what they are at the end.... I am giving 2 stars just for the look...Better to go to Lunar Glide 5 cheaper and a best running shoe.", "These are the most comfortable shoes I've ever owned! absolutely LOVE them!! Great for both casual wear and working out", "Even though I'm not a huge Nike fan, and usually prefer the runners most popular brands like Saucony, Mizuno, Brooks, etc., these have felt the best so far for my underpronation or supination.  My Mizuno Wave Riders and Saucony Progrids seemed a little closer to something for a heavier runner with overpronation, because eventually caused some degree of Peroneal Tendonitis on both ankles. I took a week off running, bought these to alternate with my Scott eRide Trainers and so far its been a great combo, with no ankle issues and plenty of cushion and a medium amount of support. I've put about 50 miles on my Nikes (including a half marathon) and maybe 100-150 on my Scott's with a few 10-12 mile runs and now there's no looking back.", "I purchased these after seeing the review on Runners World. They're very lightweight with sufficient arch support for running-- unlike other reviews I didn't think my heel slipped at all. They fit perfectly and are breathable.", "I LOVE these shoes! I use them for the gym and it feels like I'm walking around on a fluffy marshmallow cloud pooped out by unicorns. I was nervous to order shoes online because like most people, my shoe size tends to fluctuate between brands. I'm normally between a 6.5 - 7.5 and got a 7.5 because I knew I'd be wearing socks with them all the time. Voila! PERFECTION. Cop these - you won't regret it!", "Shoes are cute but run half size too small so I had to purchase another pair.", "Why are these $220?  You can get them for $159.99 at Finish Line and a number of other shoe stores. Same style and colors.", "I loved my Shoes I seem to be very happy with them ! They Fit Just right also which is good I was worried about them not fitting when buying online", "RIDICULOUSLY lightweight, good cushion and support. They're definitely some of the best running sneakers out there.I own Mizuno Wave Prophecy and ASICS Kensei 4. This shoe stands firm among them in terms of build quality and comfort. It comes with a lower price tag as well.The seller is very cooperative, and he made sure the shoe was delivered as agreed.", "I am excited that my shoes came so quickly and I was able to wear them right away. The fit was perfect.", "Boots are the perfect lenght but are a bit tight. Im stil breaking them in. Overall, im happy with them.", "I like this product wish they had a larger size selection or width nice shoe like the reflective material little pricey", "I been wanting these Jordan's in my size and I finally have them. My package came right on time hope to be your customer soon again keep up the low sell prices on your shoes and you will continue to get some service from me.", "These shoes are dope!The color is one of my favorites, the shoe it self is pretty attractive. They're really good shoes, and can help a little on the looks.", "These are great!!  My husband plays and is a crazy fan of the Lacrosse game.  He was surprised that I found them.  He wears them every day.", "I Love This Design!!18 years ago, i like Rodman!!So I love this original design.But I love this too!", "I bought these shoes for my boyfriend. He picked them out and he loves them. Very happy with my purchase!", "This product came fast and is prob one of the better running shoes out there. I love the feel of the shoe and since all we seem to do in the Army is run then this product is ideal for all soldiers.", "It fits just as expected and the color is a deep bright green. Its a nice green color. My wife bought them for me and they go great with my outfits.", "Was good product for the price. Really like that they fit me because i was afraid that they wouldnt fit.", "Giving this item a 5 star because nothing can be said against the fit, style and comfort of these shoes.", "these shoes came within 2 days of purchase which blew my mind because i didnt choose the expedited shipping so already i was feeln it.  THEY LOOK so much better up close, the blue is jus how u see it online and it matched my SF GIANTS hat perfectly.  realy comfortable and sturdy shoe like all forces are.  shoe laces have a sheen to it that at an angle they kinda look purple so i though that was cool. i didnt notice this because my laptop has its brightness up all the way but i thought the sole of the shoe was ALL WHITE but it has that gum color at the grip and in my opinion it throws off the color combo! kind of disapointing if u ask me.  ALL IN ALL GREAT BUY THO! shoes is definetely an ATTENTION GETTER", "This was a great buy!! I don't always wear Nike but I like this one. I just might get another pair..", "I like the Nike shoes for their great fit and this pair did not disappoint.  Very comfortable, didn't need to break them in at all.", "Bought these for my Grandson ( 12 years old) for Christmas and even he was highly impressed with the look and style. Leather - suede and carpet sneaker.", "I bought theses sneakers for work (work 12 hours on my feet per shift) and they are fantastic.  I have another pair that I use to walk/jog at a dirt trail and they performed fabulous. Very comfortable and great material.", "My grandson loves his new shoes. Tries to wear them everywhere. He says they are the best he ever had. He is eight years old, lol", "Bought this for my son, whose feet are wide.He is comfortable wearing these pair, and also loves the cool look.", "These shoes are dope, I get complimented on them quite often and I haven't seen anyone else with this colour", "My son says they are the bomb! He practically wears them to bed. good looking. sturdy. reliable. and of course, cool.", "I ordered these for my sons 16th birthday, thinking they'd arrive on the big day. They went from Pennsylvania to Illinois to get to Texas, tell me how that makes sense?! Not only that, but they sat in Houston for 3 days?! I'd suggest not opting for the standard shipping which was assessed according to the shoe size, really?", "I wear size 7.5  this shoe I can tell is my size, but the hard construction of it is hard and does not aloud any room for expancion.  I work for as a currier for a well know company and have to get on an off my truck and walk a lot . this shoe is too heavy for my type of work. i choose this model for the color that mach my uniform, but the first day i work it was a killing day.", "Perfect for all you UM fans. Colors are bright and matches the jerseys just fine. Makes you get up pop", "Already had a pair of these shoes already, so I knew what to expect.  Love the classic look and color scheme of the shoe.", "I bout this shoe for my son  birthday, the quality of the product is excellent  and fit well. I will buy another pair for me. Thanks", "These shoes are so stylish for my 11 month old son. He loves them. His first walking shoes! Super cute Air Force ones!", "Got a pair of these shoes for my granddaughter. They look good with any outfit and they are very stylish. Easy to keep clean also.", "Brought these for my daughter for PE.  She loves them and so do I. VERY sturdy shoe!  Thank you very much!", "I love the look of the shoes.  Sizes are just a little off.  Need about a 1/2 size bigger.  Other than that, I love them.", "I really love my shoes its just what i wanted could not be more happy you guys are the best i have a lot more money to spend  by you guys.", "Very comfortable and stylish! Fit as indicated and foot breathes in them.  Received many compliments each time that I wear them.", "Love these new shoes, they are very comfortable and also really nice looking. Size is pretty accurate. I would recommend this good product.", "Thanks they're perfect!  Great fit, comfortable and my son really likes them.  Would order them again in the future. Thanks", "I was initially checking out the old school chuck taylors but I figured hey nikes would be more comfortable and its all about the comfort man and they look awwwwwww sum.  I highly recommend these kicks to only my close friends but I love everyone in the world bro oooooooow.", "This shoe looks very nice and I would buy it .... It you listed the size.Who would buy a shoe if they don't know what size they ordered?!", "These are the worst shoes I've ever bought.  They are too small, made my heels bleed time and time again and were just plain uncomfortable.  I gave them one star because I really liked the LOOK of them.  They are - without a doubt - the worst shoes I've ever bought.  Do NOT waste your money!", "the fit very good and wear perfect and the color go good with my outfit that I wear.i  would like the clor also in black", "i love these! best color for the 13s in my opinion. i'm very satisfied. the order shipped and arrived relatively quickly and the shoes were legit. the price was reasonable as well since most want 300 or more once they sell out. i'm definitely ordering from these guys again!", "I Was Anticipating For These Jays and They Were Everything I Was Seeking For In These Retro 13's. Im Like The Only Dude On My Block That Coped These Jays . And For 70 Dollars Cheaper! Great Deal Thanks F.S. Fashion!", "My son love the shoes.It took a whole week to arrive,but I was satisfied when i seen the shoes.I will be shopping with F.S. Fashion again.", "nice shoes  nice feeling  perfect stylereally nice color  and quanlity  i wanna another one in the futurethx any way", "Good", "These shoes have extremely thin insoles and the backs aren't as stable as previous nikes I've owned.  The backs kind of fold in and irritate the back of my heel a bit.Otherwise they're fine.", "very comfy and light ,,, just a little flatter than i had expected,, not much cusion on the heals,,, good overall", "Price is right, shoes are great. At first I thought they might be knockoffs since they had a brown box. But I researched them and they are legit.", "Bought this shoe to do P90X3 workouts at home.  The shoe feels good and provides the support I was looking for during the workouts.  The shoe is light and is also great for wearing all day or jogs/walks/runs.  My wife has a pair of the female version and she loves them as well.", "I ordered these shoes because the price could not be beat.  It is a wide size and those are very hard to find in stores.  I received my order in two days and was beyond satisfied when I opened them up.  They look and feel great!!! I wear them everyday, they are light and super comfortable.", "First pair of running shoes and I love em! Great price too, cant wait for my next pair! Yup yup", "Like you're walking on air. Nikes run about a half size big, so buy accordingly. Great looking durable shoes...did I mention comfortable..?", "These shoes are so lightweight that you hardly notice you arte wearing. These are my second pair and as long as they keep making them, I will be buying and wearing.", "This shoe is a classic, and the Carolina baby blue is sexy as hell. It is a narrow fit, so you might have to stretch it out", "They are very comfortable well made. The material is great for play tennis. They are light weight what is great. The colors are perfect just what I wanted", "I have the worst feet, especially when it comes to working out.  These shoes are very comfortable.  Perfect for yoga.  But I also where them for more high impact workouts like Insanity (probably not ergonomically sounds, but they get me through a workout way better than cross-trainers).  Not to mention, they are just so cool looking.", "Bought these for my fianc&eacute; and he just loves them. Great fit, look great. awesome colors. Would buy these again.", "I bought these to go with yellow and black themed outfits in my wardrobe they are not to outragous and do the job well so ya they're cool, nothing spectacular but nice", "My son seen these sneakers and said he must have them. as far as comfort he says he can't even feel them", "These shoes are funky as hell.....Comfy with or without socks....Did I mention they look amazing......coolest kicks I own by far....You will not be disappointed if you decide you want a pair..........", "Very stylish and comfortable sometimes hard to say about air force ones. And all around good shoes would buy again", "The color is right, the fit is great. I would recommend these shoes to anyone. Great Buy!!If you looking for a good pair of shoes get these.", "The shipping was kind of slow and confusing. I will blame the bad east coast weather. Other than that my son loves these shoes for basketball", "Ordered for a friend.They just wished the shoe was black. In all regards the shoe is nice and the kid will be happy walking around in it.", "Shoes are great!love the color. Traction is superb. Very comfortable. it does run a bit wide, easily solved however by placing another layer of insole over the original.", "Bought these to match my girls Nike Park IV jerseys.  It was just a shade off but you can't really tell unless you're staring at the two items.  Material is pretty sturdy. She slides around the grass/dirt alot and they seem to hold up pretty well.", "These are amazing shoes great colors fit perfect if you like these you have to get the elites with them", "Great shoes very comfortable smooth relaxed very light no knock off all real played basketball in these shoes and there great", "One of the best lebron x color ways. Home. I got these for a tourney at home. Rocked these at it. All compliments on great", "My son love this shoe. He wears them everyday. The ankle support is great and you can wear it with any type of jeans! It was a bit pricey!", "Cute", "I like the shoes but they run small. I have to really loosen up the ties to wear them for a longer duration without killling my feet. The style is appealing and the inside is supportive.", "The white part is not bright white at all, more like a tan! They are neat looking shoes for women. They are one of those shoes that look better on the feet than the shelf.", "For me the size was a little large, but I have been losing weight and I lose weight evenly all goes down at once, even my feet, so maybe, I should have ordered a half size down. I saw socks offered with the cushion on the heel. You NEED HEEL CUSHIONED SOCKS OR QUARTER LENGTH..anything to protect your back top heel.", "Good shoes for me, I'm not a big runner, I just needed something new for the gym. They fit great, BUT i'm not sure they are real Nike's..... but for the price, I don't really care.", "I had ordered other shoes earlier and they were way too small.  I was dreading that these shoes were going to be the same.  Nope, these shoes fit great, they are comfortable as well!!!!", "Cute sneaker, have gotten alot of compliments. I ordered 8 1/2 first but they run slightly big, sent those back for an 8 and they fit fine.", "I love the look just ordered the wrong size I was not too happy about the price I feel they are very pricey", "Shoes are so light on your feet.  Can't even tell you have it on.  Plus pink is my ultimate favorite color!!", "are great but must get a half size larger because they run small. But I love them; very comfortable. ....", "My husband surprised me with these for Christmas.  They fit perfectly and are extremely comfortable.  Very pleased with this purchase!", "If used to walk they hurt the feet. Great for running but not for mixing with walking or other sports.", "Love my new Nike Air Max! I do have to add inserts to offer more support but they offer what I need for a high intensity aerobic work out.", "Dope!!!! Soon as I seen these they screamed buy me now..Nike never fails on style & comfort & the colorway is beyond cool", "however, the tongue is very stiff and rough.  Upon first wearing I received red sores across the front of my foot near the top of the tongue.  I was wearing my usual short cut athletic socks at the time.  These socks will not work with this shoe, a high front and back sock, are required for comfort.  The heel is quite hard and rough as well.  This is a very expensive shoe and I expected the best NIKE has to offer, I am very disappointed.", "Great", "These nike airmax are pretty nice..  They are very comfortable, pretty light  and the mix of pink colors are really nice. I got lots of compliments. I would recommend this shoe!", "I am very happy with this product. The sneakers are very comfortable, the running shoe is true to your size. I would recommend this product to anyone that does exercise, like myself. These shoes are great for running or aerobics because of the comfortable fit your feet is not impacted on those jumps and squats during an aerobics routine.", "These shoes are fabulous.  The fit is better than expected.  I loved them so much, I bought my daughter a pair.  You will not be disappointing!", "So glad I purchased these!  I love my HOT pink Nike Air shoes, its like your walking on AIR ... Nike Air!!!  These are comfortable, light on the feet and I get compliment all the time.  So worth the cost!", "This was an absolute steal !!! I thought it was going to be a disaster when I only paid $19.99 for Nike Air Max, which are typically over $100. I love, love, love my purchase !!!", "These shoes are pretty darn comfy, but they do slip a little more than I anticipated.  I love how your feet slide right in, that does make them comfortable, but I was expected the shoelaces to tie tighter than what they do so that they would not slip a little like they do.  They are fine to walk in casually in but I can't wear them for intense workouts like I had planned because (of the slight slipping) the back of my ankle blisters.", "I purchased these for a friend who was in a MVA and was relearning to walk in a rehab facility.  He loved these shoes because they are very lightweight yet offer good support and are comfortable.", "I bought these to replace a old pair of Fila Trainers. I thought &#34;why not upgrade and get something a little better?&#34;..Well higher price doesn't always equal better. In less than a 50 miles the tread was starting to come unglued and i had little flaps of plastic hanging from the bottom them. I actually tripped a couple of times because of this flaw and decided to give up trying to run in them.I do have a friend that bought some just for a everyday shoe (no running) and they have done pretty good for him. So if that's your intention you'll probably be fine.", "my wife is very pleased she has small feet and have to buy the boys sizes because she's more of the athletic type and dont like the girly colors.  lol", "They look real nice, but the sizes are about a size to small. I suggest buying a size larger than you wear to have a comfortable fit.", "These appear to look and feel like knockoffs and that is how they feel. My husband loves airs and he has always worn them and these are nothing like what he's use to from Nike air maxLook and feel cheapDo NOT BUY", "It's a nice, lightweight training shoe on the hardcourts for those ballers working out!  Fashionable and many color combos to choose from!", "I can't be clear enough in telling a future buyer of the Powerline shoe that you will end up with a sturdy great looking shoe! It works great as a shoe to wear for daily activities and also a great fitness shoe. The shoe arch support was flatter than I expected but nothing to complain about as it fits my foot very well. The color also makes it a great fitness shoe because you don't have to worry about it showing its wear and tear if you are doing trail running or mountain biking. Overall, for me, I would recommend this shoe to anyone whose looking for a stylish athletic shoe or a great fitness shoe. Kudos to Nike for making this shoe!I wish though that they would bring back the original Powerline in some more color designs, or at least make it easier to order from stores!", "My son loves his shoes they look just as pictured no flaws nothing fits well everything...he was a happy camper will buy from this seller again!!", "I love this shoe design, I love how it looks, I have wonderful memories of when I first owned this shoe, but I had to return them because they have to be the most uncomfortable shoes I have ever worn.  There is no cushioning in the heel, the high top just rubs into your achilles, the shoe is stiff and doesn't bend, and there is little to no cushioning in the sole.  I have hiking boots that are way more comfortable than these!  It's a tragedy because I love how this shoe looks, but it's completely unfunctional.", "I use the shoes for Basketball and general use. People either love or hate them but they always notice them! Can be on the heavy side so running in them is a definite no-no.", "Great shoe. Lots of compliments. Comfortable but would be perfect if they accommodated my wide, duck-like feet. A better choice for the narrow of foot.", "This man made material these are made of is terrible.  Wore these a few times casually and they got a smell I have never smelled in any of my other shoes that won't wash out.  I have sprayed them, frozen them the smell is part of the package I guess..  Also they have vents all over them but the vents are covered by so much padding inside they are totally pointless.", "I wanted a change and I made the best decision, love the way the look and the way they fit. I use them all the time and never get tired, plus the colors are perfect.", "Really liked the shoe but when I tried on it was a bit too wide for me to play in.Seller got the order out fast to me and the shoe was as advertised.  Too bad I had to return but seller is working with me so would buy from this seller again.", "I ordered these for my use in Afghanistan--the \"shower shoes\" sold in the PX have razor-thin straps that twist and cut into your feet!  The straps on these Nikes are thick and comfortable!  There has been no tendency for the straps to \"pull through\" the sole of the sandal--these are very sturdy sandals.  I am definitely taking them with me when I leave this place!  The sizing, by the way, is perfect!", "These flip flops are true to size and so very comfortable! I get tons of compliments on the color and I just love them. You won't be disappointed.", "Love this shoe! Get compliments all of the time . If you enjoy Nike Free ( you will definitely love this style) .", "Fits as expected-- other reviews had warned it's a tad small, but not by much-- maybe a quarter size.About average weight for a cross-training shoe, not as light as the Nike Free TR's but about in-line with other Lunar's. Seems okay so far.", "I was not a runner until I found this shoes.Now I love jogging.It made a difference in my feet and ankles.", "Perfectly fit on my feet!It will be better if it includes the nike plus chip in the shoe box", "I love these shoes they fit great and look awesome i am so glad i bought these no problems at all.", "Dissapointing comfort during work out.  I bought for Insanity and returned the next day.  Asia's Gel Intensity is a lot better option.", "Very high quality shoe for the price. Unbelievably cushy sole that makes it very comfortable to walk in, great for weightlifting or cross training.", "I have a narrow foot so these are a little wide but overall fit is fine. I use them for everyday wear and it took about a week to break them into my foot pattern and gate, but now them are extremely comfortable, love Lunarlon sole.", "Bought these elsewhere for walking and wear them everywhere now.  Super comfortable but seem to run a little small.  I wear 8 1/2 N and these are snug on me.  Probably wouldn't fit well, if you have a wide foot.  Every time I wear them, I get compliments, from young kids, young adults, and older people, too.  I bought the black and blue color, which is a nice neutral color that goes with everything, if you want to wear them all the time, like I do.  Highly recommend for any activity, as they fit so well, are super lightweight, and feel like you aren't even wearing shoes, but still offer support.", "I LOVE those shoes ! They are really comfortable and pretty ! Everyday i hear like complements about them ;))  I highly recommend!!!", "I used to rely on Nike for a quality running shoe every time. Lately the several pairs of Nike running or training shoes I have tried have all been cheap, and have failed to provide comfort or support for my feet. I am size 6 and 1/2, with a high arch and somewhat wide ball. My older Nike Free 7.0 were so perfect - but these are absolutely useless. They are flat, tight, and uncomfortable, with no arch support at all and no cushion. Too bad, since the look is pretty cool.", "While it's a nice shoe, I runs a bit big so you might wanna go with 1/2 size smaller. I'm a 6.5 and got the same and I wish I had the 6 instead. As for cushioning, it's kind of thin, thinner than how it looks all over. I hope they can improve or come up with a new model, looks really nice though.", "I bought these because I walk a lot and since purchasing them have taken up running.  I love these shoes and I love the look.", "Using these for gym work outs.  I love the stability of a flat shoes (as opposed to a running shoe). I have completed both Insanity and P90x without them... when I began another round of Insanity I decided cross trainers would be nice... I wish I had gotten them sooner!!!!", "This was a present for my husband. He was very happy with them.  They fit great and are very comfortable.", "These are a very nice pair of sneakers. Love the style and price. I will recommend these sneakers to anyone.", "Best pair of running shoes that I have found, my back and feet don't hurt like they did before I bought these, am looking at getting another pair in a few months. I love the color :)", "C&oacute;modas ,tiene buen agarre en la cancha , tienen un buen dise&ntilde;o y erg&oacute;nomicamente perfectasComfortable, has good grip on the court, are well designed and ergonomically perfect", "This pair of shoe looks worse than a pair of knockoff I got. Even the logo look was bad and the paint is coming off of the sole.", "I love the Kobe 8 shoe, best of 2013 IMO in style and comfort.However, I question this listing. Price is way too high (other review mentions this). The label on the box in the picture provided doesn't look right, should have price tag. Description also says it's leather, it actually has no leather but engineered mesh.I'm willing to bet that these are fakes. Just be cautious.", "Today I decided to check out my local footlocker and champs for a pair of Kobe 8's, both year of the snakes and the black sulfurs before I went ordered these to be exact. Both was in stock for retail price of $140 but I decided to get the Black Sulfurs because they had one left in my size. And they also mentioned to me that they were gonna restock soon but I needed a new pair of shoes to play in. So if you are thinking about getting these shoes. Check out your local footlocker, champs, footaction, or shoe store and maybe you can purchase them at retail price.", "shoe's are too narrow for my normal-slightly wide foot. They make you pay for the return cost but I had Amazon a agent request a prepaid labels.", "Just not wide enough. Had to return them at my expense. They looked great though. Hopefullty, I can get them in a wider size.", "Great fit and look great!  Very comfortable which hardly ever happens when I order sneakers on line! Very happy with this purchase and would certainly buy again from this vender!", "Like Nike Air Max Shoes and the color of them . They are comfortable. I would recommend thisshoe to a friend", "Incredible sport shoes. It fits a little shorter than i was spected. But i love it. If feels very confortable.", "love love love these bought these for my girlfriend and shes LOVES them she cant stop thanking me for them great shoe very comfortable and feels good to see an OG colorway", "I have always admired my friends back in 1996. They are the first few to get this pair in different colors.I wasnt that fashionable back then and at the price sport shops are selling is something I could not afford at all.After 18 years later, now I can finally buy myself this pair of Airmax 97, I am so so in love with it right now, the feeling is beyond my expectation.Size and cut fit up to perfecto. No regret at all. And I always tell myself, is always never to late to pampered yourself with something you truly deserve.Love it! Love it! Love it!Cheers!", "My 16-year-old is a shoe crazy kid, and he absolutely LOVES these tennis shoes.  They're beautiful!  They change colors from purple to teal when turned at different angles, and the bottoms glow-in-the-dark for an extra special feature.  I believe I spent way too much money on them, but they're sold out in every store, Nike can't confirm that they'll ever release them again, and it was the first tennis shoe that my son's liked, that I actually liked too.", "AWESOME SHOES GREAT PRICE AND THEY FIT MY BF VERY GOOD AND HE WAS VERY PLEASED AND WANTS TO ORDER ANOTHER PAIR THANKS", "I haven't try it but it is kind a quality Jordan. I like its color; but, if its color is white instead of metallic silver, it can be more attractive.", "I love the way these shoes look and feel. They are comfy to wear all day long and I've recieved several compliments on how good they look.", "Dope!!", "These shoes fit my son perfect and the hat is so soft it is the only one my son will keep on his head.", "look like the picture great gift for son thank you for the quick delivery satisfied customer.", "love the fit, feel and looks. exactly as I expected. was looking for this colorway in my size and was happy to finally find it", "They are light weight & very durable. And the color really pops!! I wear them with summer suits. And they are a great conversation starter", "These are easily the best pair of basketball shoes I've bought in my life. They fit perfectly and weigh close to nothing! I also get endless compliments about them.", "The first time i put them on i thought they were too tight but then i realized it was meant to fit to your feet. it's a great shoe, very comfortable and not bulky at all. beautiful color, i want to get the atomic teal as well!", "Light weight, good looking, fits well.  Best price we found (but, overpriced anyway).Hope to get a lot of use out of them.", "First time buying shoes online. And I couldn't be any happier!!", "I like the look of these sneakers but they are not some I would recommend for anything other than to hang out in.", "I ordered these for my son's birthday, they arrived early and he was very happy with them. We live in different cities so I couldn't be there on that day but his gift was waiting at the door when he got home from school.", "I use them for weightlifting and have used them for some drills on turf.The shoes are really stable but as such, lack flexibility and they're on the heavy side. Not great for performance, yet great for training, with really decent traction on turf.", "Great shoes,well fit.  Excellent shipping time.", "Nice pair of kicks difficult to match up with other clothes but I really loved it. These shoes reminded me of my younger days definite cop", "This shoes are wonderful, they arrived on time and they where what i expected, but i will say the price is still a little steep.  They are quite sturdy.", "These were a gift for my husband for Christmas.  He absolutely loves them!  They fit him well and arrived as expected.", "Shoes looks very good and feels comfortable. only downfall i may say is that some people might not like the shiney material on the shoe. I would recommend this shoe to anyone, its very light on your feet and again extremely comfortable.", "I, unfortunately, fell in love with the aesthetics and thought that through use they would spread out a bit, which did not happen.  These shoes are super narrow, so unless you have very narrow feet, I would look elsewhere.  I am going to donate them to charity, at least someone can get some use out of them.", "Pretty cool colorway of a nice comfortable sneaker. I use these to play in and the are very comfortable and have maximum cushioningPros:Very comfortableCool colorsCushioning is top notchThe laces are very high qualityVentilation is alrightCons:expensive!!", "GREAT LOOK, FEELS GOOD, ORIGINAL STYLE, U STAND OUT IN THE STREETS, PEOPLE GIVE U COMPLIMENTS ALL DAY.. IF U WANT TO STAND OUT, BUY THIS, NO DOUGHT..", "dem shoes doe. they be so saggin and swaginn. man you bros really know how to make dem shoes. swag", "i bought this shoe one month ago for my wife child, he has 14 and he is 1.93 m tall, and he like this shoe so i bought it. he was in the court and boom baby, bye shoes, the left shoe lost his air pressure.i pay almost 200 hundred dollars and dindt last one month, so... i tell u something, if u wanna buy a shoe for basqketball, this is not a good choice!!Adolfo Mena", "The shoes are as represented.  They look wonderful, and of course, a thirteen year old junior high student couldn't be more impressed.  They arrived in the time specified.", "Shoe is true to size. Very comfortable when wearing sneaker.  Shoes are able to breath so your feet don't get irritated", "Color is as bright as it gets. Incredible shoes and very comfortable. Please with the Name attached to it yiu can't beat that", "I like the shoes they came on time. They feet as expected. My son likes the shoe so I do as well!", "My lil guy is so picky and every shoes he tries hurts. These however were perfect and they are true to his size. Thanks again.", "Perfect for my very active 5 year old nephew.  Fits comfortably and is wearing quite well as is expected of a Nike product.  No regrets!!", "Bought for my son for school.  Love them because they are very sturdy.", "They were a gift and he loved them. So glad you had a pair. They are hard to find. Thanks.", "I selected white on white but received blue on white, didn't bother to call because my wife said she liked them!", "These sneakers arrived and I immediately noticed they were patent 'white' leather. Not for me. They were requested to be returned and an RMA was immediately issued for a return. Currently waiting for refund,", "Bought these after owning a Lunar Glide 1 and 2. These feel really light for being a water proof shoe. They look very stylish as well. The only reason why they didn't get a 5 is due to the yellow/green not being what inexpected", "The Lunarglide is Great shoe and true to size.The shoe is light and feels great while running or walking", "the mesh sucked on my feet, cutting off the blood to my toes. aside from that this shoe was so bad for my ankle i cant tell you how foolish i feel for trying this marshmello with laces.", "I purchased these after I purchased a pair of Lunarglide+ 5 earlier in the year. I liked the Lunarglides so when I saw that there was a waterproof pair I decided to purchase them. I live in New England and the weather changings very quickly and with rain and snow usually in the forecast for winter I thought these would be ideal to keep my feet warm and dry. They work as advertise, very comfortable and keep my feet dry during some of the wet weather. One thing to remember about Nike shoes is they usually run snug. I like that so I went with my actually size, if you aren't a fan of the snugness you might want to go a half size bigger or try a wider size. Also this model is very sharp looking, I have gotten many compliments on the style. I highly recommend.", "Fits perfect, delivered when expected and made with reflective material. Love them, fits just like NIKE's always do. Highly reccomend", "Bought these for my son who runs CC at college.  He loves them and says they are the best shoes he has worn in his years of running.", "Fantastic fit-I have wide and flat feet. The width at top of foot is perfect even how shoe is not classified as a 'wide' fit. Great cross trainer shoe that fits perfect and great for cardio and weight training at gym. Highly recommend this shoe!", "I bought this shoes, and i love it. The size is perfect and its very light when im wearing it. 100% recomment", "Bought these for the hubby to start running. He says he likes it and likes that it is flexible and less restrictive then &#34;normal&#34; tennis shoes. He ran a few times with it and have not gotten any arch pain as he had in the past. Would recommend you get fitted or at least try the shoe out before purchasing.", "Great running shoe. I had the same pair before and needed a replacement. Already put 26 miles on them.Very comfortable n light.", "Bought these for my 14 year old son for Christmas.  He put them on yesterday and said they were much more comfortable than the Reeboks he has been wearing.  He seems to need a bit bigger size in Nike than he does in Reebok or Adidas for some reason.  Not sure if they run smaller.", "Bought these shoes for the husband and he loves them. The sole lifts your heels a little so that most of your weight is on the balls of your feet. He said it took a day of walking to get the feel for it as his other shoes aren't made this way. He loves them and now wears them everywhere.", "The paint pealed off the front on the sneaker within a few hours of my son wearing them to school.Shoemerica has no customer service phone number.  Only solution is an Amazon return.", "just a perfect shoes, comfortable, fit as expected... super light weight, i love this shoes for running or trainning at gym", "these were a christmas gift and he loved them.  sizing was perfect, color is just what he wanted.great price too!", "Not being a skater myself I always just look for something that looks good and these shoes do that extremely well, beautiful design and nice cushioning, wish they were a little easier to break in but all in all I cannot complain!", "My son is a VERY active athlete and wears these shoes a lot. They remain looking great and are one of his favorites.", "These shoes look and feel great! They fit true to size. The shoes are great for long boarding and all around skateboarding. I hioghly recommend these shoes for comfort, style and performance!!!!", "Everything was perfect, and my boyfriend's shoes fit excellently; couldn't be happier with the experience. Thank you so much Amazon!", "These Nikes do not show dirt and seem to be lasting well. They do fit true to size. Would recommend.", "i need a shoes for begin my training, this shows are very confortable and look and perfect good in my feet", "Extremely comfortable!", "Great!!!", "Love this shoe , perfect fit. My husband loves the color and the shoe was the right size he wears.", "I'm not hard to please and these shoes are easy to love. Perfect fit. extreme comfort in this model and the color sceme couldn't be more on-point. Holler!", "I am a military cadet and I love my fitness as much as the next guy, but these shoes really mean something. They have vibrant colors that have gotten several compliments. It matches my typical workout attire and the neon blues and green make this shoe something special.They fit like typical nikes, i wear size 11 in nike running shoes and skate shoes and these do fine. I have a wide foot, and nikes are generally narrow on myself and other friends. That being said, these fit pretty fine. The price for these shoes is worth every penny. Now I can lift weights in style.", "I was shopping around for these Nike Men's Air Defy sneakers and was on another site that I thought was very reasonable and said to my self, &#34;before I buy let me check it against Amazon&#34;.Well Amazon did it again and beat a competitor's price. I saved over $25.Thank you Amazon!!These shoes are so comfortable and I will certainly recommend them to anyone who are looking for sneakers that feel like they are wearing slippers.", "I have been a fan of the Nike Blazer SB for sometime. I was sad to see that this was just the Blazer by nike. The upper ankle area feels a little cheap to me almost as if it was recycled material. My Blazer SB's feel more stable and comfortable around the upper ankle area compared to these.", "Shoes are comfortable, lightweight, and perfect for running, walking and also for wearing in the gym. If you have a broad foot i think you should choose a larger size than normal.", "Light weight.  Comfortable for home gym use", "Fitting is perfect. Shoe is very lite. I love the combination of red and black. Nice looking. Seem to,have good grip. I have not try them yet. My only worry is that for a trail shoe, they feel soft.  I will give a other feedback when i ran in them.", "Love these.  I have medical inserts, but, work out regular.  These fit with the inserts and give ample support/traction.  I recommend", "They are very light weight and comfortable to run in. Not too narrow in the toes as some Nike shoes can be.", "I took these shoes on a recent trekking/camping trip in Peru for use as &#34;in camp&#34; shoes instead of sandals.  They worked great!  They are lighter than my sandals and kept my toes from getting bruised by all the rocks.  I also wore them in town and now wear them when hiking on the &#34;easy&#34; hike/bike trails around Austin.  Great purchase.", "love the shoe", "Super light and comfortable!", "These have quickly become my favorite shoes.  They're so lite and comfortable.  Not to mention you can slip them on without having to use your hands (I got them a size bigger, so if it's tight, it might be tough) and not worry about the heel plastic splitting since there is none.  I'm thinking about ordering 3 more pairs just so I never have to shop for gym shoes again.", "I ordered these for my grandson so I can only give you his opinion.  He loved the shoes, said they are very comfortable and a a good fit.  His words were what I used for the title, awesome shoes.", "I had owned last year's version of the Dual Fusion and knew what to expect before purchasing. Shoe fits perfectly, very comfortable, good all around athletic shoe. Arrived withing two days as expected.", "i like this nike version.  i have 3 pairs to date.  the first pair i used for about 300miles and I washed them and the upper superated from the base which was disappointing...", "Great shoes if you suffer from pronation.  This is probably my 4th or 5th set.  This time though, the laces are held with loops of the same lace material rather than eyelets in the pleather like they should be.  Most of the time, I go through two sets of laces before replacing the shoes.  Now, the shoes are shot when the lace loops let go.  Really concerned about the longevity of these shoes!  I may start shopping around for something built a little better next time if this is how Nike plans to do things now.UPDATE:After maybe 6 miles of running, the lace holding laces pulled out of the soles in the arch area.  Now have now arch support.  The failure is unrepairable.  Very mad.  Should have got a lot more out of these shoes for the price.  Not buying them again.  Now have a pair of AISICs.", "My distance shoe is Asics, but this shoe is very comfortable for casual use or short runs. Great looking shoe too.", "The only thing I dont like about these shoes is the sticker for a Nike logo on the side...  I have a feeling it will start to peel off or slowly flake away over time becoming a real eyesore on the side of these.", "Had Fusion before so I knew these were going to be good but these are even better that I expected!", "Liked the shoe. They breathable and comfortable. Took some time to break them, but were them often. I recommend this shoe family and friends.", "I have three of this style. I would would buy this product again when I need a new pair. Nike lovers will want this shoe !!", "Have had the shoe several months now and I'm completely satisfied. Wearing well and very comfortable.", "Great shoe, they run a little small though. Everything else I what you would expect with a Nike product .", "Always been a fan of Nike. I don't wear any other shoe. The only thing about this shoe I don't really like is how tight the tongue is as well as when I walk, the tongue shifts to the left on my left foot. I've had this problem with most shoes though so it's not that big of a deal. Feel comfortable and easy to slip on and off. Would buy again.", "These will primarily be a gym shoe but they looked better than the picture, so these will get more foot time.  The light gray and red look really nice and they are very comfortable .  Good price from another store.", "My son wanted these, we ordered them and they were perfect. He wears a 13 and the fit was spot on.", "These are very comfortable and have lots of padding on the sole. They look great and you'll be the envy of everyone at the gym!", "The shoes were too narrow and were squeezing my foot across the toes. Then it costed me about $22 dollars on ($50 pair) to send it back California. Not happy.", "Very comfortable running shoes. Do not soak. Beautiful. I fell in love with them running. Size 7 came on the 24 cm foot.", "COMFORTABLE!!!!! I'm a big guy, and I don't ever smile after putting on new shoes - I just wear 'em. These however, as cliche' as it may sound, got me feeling like I'm walking on clouds. Nike I've heard is a great brand, but actually wearing it is beyond compare.", "They were on time and my daughter loves them. They fit great colorful just as it appeared on the website", "My 7 years daughter loves it. Very nice and trendy. Sizes run somewhat large. Colors are very neat.I will  definitely recommend it.", "LOVE these shoes!!", "My daughter loves these. They fit as expected, they look even cooler in person, and they are super comfortable for track practice or a run in the neighborhood. Here's hoping they are also durable!", "these do not fit like my current pair of Pegasus+30.  They seem to be wider and a tad bit longer.  Sadly I have to return them.", "I purchased a pair in the store (coral & gray LOVE) and thought these would have the same exact support. Oddly, they dont. Very disappointing bc I had to wear them both to see the difference and I even pulled the insoles out to see and was right they are different. :(", "Love: color, breathabilityDon't love: snugness after arch support.If you need to add an arch support, order a half size up.", "I purchased these for my wife the runner.  She loves the feel and the look.  Several fellow runners have asked her where she bought this particular color.", "I typically were regular width shoes. This shoe was much too wide for my foot. Sadly, I had  to return it.  Loved the color!", "hot pink HOT DAMN! love these cushy suckers, and I look fab in them too!&#60;3 Buy now ladies... or gents", "I purchased two pairs of these from different sources. Both pairs are pretty good but disappointed with the cushion for the ball of foot and toes. Great traction but without proper cushion uncomfortable. I had to purchase gel inserts for both pairs. I normally only buy Nikes so was a little surprised and disappointed considering what they cost.", "I have knee, neck and back pain, so I was anxious to try these shoes to see if they helped.  Well, they are like walking on pillows!  They are so comfortable!!!  I can't believe how soft they are.  I've already ordered a second pair.", "I love this everyday shoe, love the different colors... I would highly recommend this shoe.  I have 4 different colors and might buy more.", "These shoes are just as pictured. Comfortable for a jog or walk. Nice looking and practical. I would highly recommend.", "It was very comfortable from when i put them on.....i recommend it to anyone who trys this particular shoes....love it", "Nike product looked great& fit well. Again, these were purchased as a Christmas gift, so I have no first-hand knowledge of their comfort. My daughter is a workout freak, and she has worn them everyday for that purpose!", "I've been wearing the Nike Air Relentless line for several years now, and have always been pleased with the consistency of the fit.  I was disappointed that this pair seemed tighter and my heal slips upward when I walk or run.  Not terribly, but enough to pull some of my low cut socks down into my shoe, which is a real drag.  That said, they have loosened up a little over time (several months) and I still wear them on a regular basis...but only as a fashion statement.  I LOVE the colors!  I ordered a Relentless, no number following, and use those for my workouts as they fit like I am accustom to.", "My college age daughter asked for running shoes for Christmas.  When she was in junior high and high school she ran cross country, she came to prefer Nike running shoes then.  She says the fit of these shoes are very comfortable from the very first time she put them on. She has already put several miles on these shoes and is still happy with the fit and comfort while she runs.", "These sneakers are very comfortable and the color is awesome!! Much better than the pic shows!  They are bright and fun!", "very comfrtable", "I love these shoes - I wear them both at the gym and on bike rides though they are a bit narrower than my Nike Relentless 3's. Also, I bought these in an 8 (like my Relentless 3's) and they're more snug both width-wise and along the bridge (top) of my foot.", "Great shoe! Very comfortable so far. The heel seems a little deep, but I've had no friction problems with it. The laces are a bit short for a running shoe, but I can change those. They are also super cute in the grey and pink! Love them!", "Fit as expected and they are very comfortable.  I love nike and thats all i ever buy and will continue to.", "I think they look nice and fit well and don't show the dirt.  I've bought these same shoes twice now b/c I loved the first pair so much and got lots of compliments.  They match lighter outfits with white socks and darker outfits with black socks.", "These shoes are lightweight and comfy, perfect for a runner.  I have high arches and these shoes have great support.  They also allow the foot some air to keep from being too sweaty.", "These have got to be the most comfortable, light, cushioned, tennis shoe I have ever had the pleasure of putting on my feet. They are a nice BRIGHT hot pink color which I love and they are much more beautiful than the picture portrays. I could not be happier!", "Great price, fast shipping and excellent fit. We live in Zambia, so true to size shoes are essential for us, as sending them back is not really an option, since they are brought over with visitors from the US.", "Great shoe. Hubby bought them for me to use in a marathon. Feels great not too tight or too loose. Good deal on price. Shipping was  fast.", "I had tried the Relentless 2 before, but not this model.  I am pleased to know I can weave them as well!  Thanks!", "the very nice tennis, very nice color, very good warm shoes, are very well made, heavy ejecicio endure. I recommend it to people who do enough exercise", "But these aren't my favorite. For the first time in 20+ years of wearing Nikes I got a blister on my heel wearing these. It only happened the first time I wore them, and they're mostly comfortable now, but I still don't like the tongues-- they feel too narrow. Other than that, a great shoe, supportive and the soles are grippier and much sturdier than the ones on my previous pair of Nikes.", "The shoe was very pretty but the size runs small.  I normally wear a 7 1/2 or 8 so I ordered an 8 to be safe.  I could just get the shoe on if I didn't wear socks.  If I put socks on - I felt like I was wearing a size too small or a narrow shoe.  I had to return them.", "I liked the shoes but they were to narrow, the size fit, loved the shoes but could not get them on my foot.", "This is a very lightweight and comfortable shoe. I think it's a little bit less that I'd want in a running show in that it's not the best underfoot padding and flexibility. However, the fit is great and the show is light and breathable.", "is the regale my wife really likes", "bought as a present to my wife.we use to run 3 times a week and they accomplish perfect the task", "i like these shoes alot i would get another pair soon i am probably getting another color though  love them", "I love this shoe! This is by far the most comfortable tennis shoe I have ever worn. I frequently take 2 mile walks in these and the experience is great. They really did not need to be broken in but I buy a size bigger than I would wear in other shoes. Very light and comfortable. I love the bright florescent color- I feel safer walking in dimmer lighting.  I am very happy with this version of Nike running shoe. I recommend it to anyone looking for a comfortable and durable pair of walking/running shoes.", "they are not real comfortable to wear all day, they need more cushion.  I am going to buy some gel pads.  so you might want to buy a half size bigger if you plan to put gel pads in them.  they are real pretty, I like them for a few hours.  I have a wide foot and they fit me good.  I wear a 10 in every shoe, and ordered a 10 and they fit good.", "The colors on this Nike just pop and they have the same great quality and comfort I have come to expect in Nike. I've received many compliments on my hip kicks.", "Love the colors and they are extremely comfortable! Perfect for running. I'm very satisfied with my purchase. And the price!", "These are good shoes and the price isn't awful.  I got my pair for under $55.  I just wear mine for walking to/from school & around campus & they're good for that.", "I love these shoes!!!!!! I'm a nurse,on feet all day. I wanted something comfortable and stylish for work to match my uniforms,this works great. My son,whose 10yrs old created this Amazon account,I stumbled upon it,I had no idea all they offer,along with free or real reasonable shipping,now I always order from them. It's fast,amazing products,and great customer service. Thanks Amazon.", "Comfortable and true to size. I typically always buy Niki running shoes as they never let me down. Stylish as well.", "Never did I see this color combination in a vintage Nike Cortez shoe.  The pair I bought are awesome and they are authentically constructed.  I dig the way the heel is rounded, not squared like the later versions.  These are the best!!!", "Fit perfectly, lightweight and breathable. These sneakers required no breaking in and fit like an old pair of friends. Love the punch of color. Great value for price.", "I really love my shoes. I love the color. I love how they feel. I just love them period :)", "I love my new Nikes! The colors,the neon laces,they are very confortable I had to go out to run at the same moment taht i received them!", "I am totally satisfied with my shoes. I love them! Got them on time and it really worth the money.", "I bought these as a perpetual Nike shoe purchaser.  They fit perfectly.  The colors were nice and bright.  I did a 3 mile run to break them in and had no complaints.", "They fit perfectly and are very light and comfortable once i wore them for a day or two to break them in. The back of them are very stiff so if you don't like that, these may not be for you.", "They are really comfortable.Love how they fit.I use them a lot.And I also love the colors.Perfect.", "I wear a size 6, but ordered a 6 1/2 since I would be wearing to walk and work out. Alittle big, but very comfortable. Love the bright colors. Would order a 6 next time.", "The shoe fits perfectly. These shoes were comfortable from the start. I didn't have to Wear them in. Love running trails and concrete with these! Highly recommend them!", "I would definitely recommend this shoe!! I bought this shoe for my trip to Denver. My feet didn't hurt at all. I walked all over the city and hiked in the snow. Didn't think they'd hold up in the snow but they did. My feet didn't get wet and I didn't slip at all, this shoe has awesome traction.", "I love the colors and the comfort. I didn't realized how heavy my old running shoes were until I put these babies on!", "perfectos", "Good fit, true to size!  My son loves these and wears them everywhere!They came to the house in a timely manner.  I will order from them again!", "Definitely bnew and right size! Love it! Can't believe i'm wearing a kid's shoe. I am female and 30y/o but have men's size us 7 so size GS 7Y is just about right! Bang for the buck.", "At first my daughter was petrified at these shoes; I'm guessing it's from the colors, perhaps? I'm not surprise by the price for these pair of kicks. If you could only imagine the prices for size 8+ in men.", "Good for lounging.I needed these to throw on if I just have socks on and need to go out to the yard. They fit fine for that, but if you're going to use them often for walks or something, I found they rubbed the top of my foot after a while, but perhaps I just need to break them in more. They are a little small in length for my heel, it's pushing it. I recommend going a size larger than your usual.", "We had priced these in the stores and my son REALLY wanted them.  It came quickly and we even got the wrong size and the exchange was super easy.  But honestly the product is cheap and didn't last very long.  My son is hard on shoes (especially his soccer shoes) but they ripped out within 4 months.  It would have been better to pay $40 more and gotten the next steo up.", "the kids love this one, the kids always want weaR THIS BRAND, maybe when CR7 change of brand, the kid will do the same", "He likes these a lot, but a bit too big for now. Will be great for &#34;back to school&#34; shoes.", "Light weight and easy to put on a small child's foot. I recommend this for any boy. A Must Have.", "I suddenly became a sneaker head for my son. I love these shoes. They wash and cleanup really good for toddlers. This is his 2nd pair and I will be buying a 3rd pair when he grows out of these.", "DO NOT BUY THESE THERE KNOCKOFFS OF THE REAL PRODUCT BUT THEY DONT SAY THIS IN THE DESCRIPTION THEY MAKE IT OUT TO LOOK LIKE THE REAL THING!!", "Nice shoe, but received the wrong size. Fortunately these are for my 2 1/2 yr old son and has room to grow into them", "Ya", "Love them!!", "a little goofy looking , but they fit great, easy not having laces. very comfortable. I use them for walking &  hiking (light trails) with my dogs. they seem very sturdy.", "it is such a great shoe.each time i wear it it only displays the classic authenticity of this shoes.i love it", "I had an original pair of the '90s Air Icarus and have been looking for a replacement for years.  The original pair finally wore completely out two years ago.  These newer Icarus are as close to the original as possible and I would recommend them to anyone who knew how good the originals were.", "This is my favorite shoe to run in.  It's comfortable, true to size and more importantly for me I don't get shin splints when running in them.  I mainly use these for when I'm running on the road or sidewalks.  They absorb the impact pretty well...I still wear a shin splint sleeve for extra support though so it could be that as well :0)  Either way, I love this shoe-got it in two different colors.", "This product was excellent, is made of good material and are very comfortable, it is just what I needed,  I love", "100% recommend this purchase to all! Great shoes, extremely comfortable and am always getting compliments on them. They came in perfect condition except slight dirty soles that led me to believe someone had tried them on perhaps. (Would have given 5 starts)  Overall, great shoes and fast delivery!", "Awesome and comfortable, buy one size up to fit though. I wear a 9 and bought a 10, perfect fit", "I am a size 9.5 regular, and I bought these online and when they arrived they were too small but silly me, I thought they would stretch and had a hard time believing that a size 10 was too small for a 9.5.So I wore them without sock first and while wearing thin socks was better, I am sure that the 11 would fit better, but it's crazy.Do not buy these online, you have to try them on first", "Shoes are great for a casual lime, the only setback being that you cannot wear it with socks because the inner soles are rough rubber.", "Great kicks!  Shoe metro sent wrong color combo so took 20% off... Waiting for refund..", "Ive been looking for this shoe and finally I got it! Thanks for the awesome shoe! I was kinda hoping to look for a cheaper one but this was the one I seen.", "i ordered this m9 because i was a big fan of the m6. it complememted my dress code for the occasion and that signature &#34;M&#34; really makes everyone stare", "bought to match some of my outfits, fits perfectly", "I got these as a gift for Christmas, They fit great and are very comfortable on the court. I'm flat-footed and these are still comfortable. I had an old pair of T-macs that I was using and my feet were killing me, I played in these for the first time the other day with no hurting feet.", "You get what you pay for. These shoes are worth every dime! Good fit, nice look and durable!!  Can't go wrong with Jordans!!!", "I love Jenoskis.  These shoes just feel great to wear whether skateboarding or not.  You can just feel how the shoe contours to your foot.  They all seem to have some tightness around the start of your toes, but that breaks in with time.  I have a pair from 2011 that have a really tough material and still retain their figure even after taking them up a few different mountains.  These ones are made of canvas or suede and don't look like they will retain as long.", "sweet", "I love these shoes. They are so light and it hardly feels like there is anything on my feet. The only thing I would tell people about these shoes is that they have minimum arch support.", "please just buy the shoes, your childs feet will thank you for it when they are grown and they have healthy feet", "My toddler feels comfortable very easy for him to put on himself. I love them they look like they have a lot of comfort very easy and the make of the shoe is flexible just perfect when he runs and jumps around , I hope Nike makes this shoe throughout his growth so that I can cont. To buy this shoe as he gets older.", "So many toddler shoes have stiff unbending soles.  I think kid's feet should flex as intended.  These Nike Free shoes are substantial, but are soft and flexible too.  Plus, they are very cute, and easy to get on.  Our boy loves them.", "great looking shoe, fits as expected, fair price, wears welllooks nice with long pants because it looks like they have laces", "I Love the color that's why I ordered them. Stocking up now on kelly dark green clothes to where with them this coming summer I can't wait to show case them.", "Never owned a pair of Jordans, I don't believe in paying so much for a pair of athletic shoes. They are not the newest style but they never loose their cool factor and that's what makes this a great bargain.", "A little pricy but knew that going in. The delivered shoe was exactly what we ordered. My son likes them a lot.", "Theses are hot.i get plenty of complements when I wear these and they are also comfortable thinking of getting another color", "I wanted some running shoes to begin a simple exercise routine. These looked great for the price; however the size was very tight despite ordering it about an inch longer than my typical shoe size. Awaiting seller's response.Pros: arrived 7 days ahead of scheduleGreat priceCons: Smaller than expeced", "I've never felt \"athletic\" in a golf shoe. I've felt like a golfer, \"man these shoes are waterproof, look like golf shoes, and provide support throughout my swing,\", but my movement has always felt manufactured and unnatural in my previous shoes. This shoe changed that. If you like to walk like I do, you'll be thrilled owning these. They hold well to the short fairway grass and the longer rough. The comfort and freedom of these shoes are unmatched.", "The picture and the discription were different. I got a different color then the picture. Guess it was my fault for not reading the discription. Still happy with the shoe!", "Great product and quick delivery, the real deal. Only thing is that the shoe is wide in front, not a shoe for everyone.", "Love this shoe!  The style, look and comfort are super!  These were recommended to me by an experienced runner, and I couldn't be happier with her recommendation.", "My son says they're awesome. They fit well, are comfortable, and according to a 12 year old, look very cool.", "Very light shoe with good ankle support and shock absorption.  I feel good moving around in these shoes.Ordered a size 12, and it was a tad bit longer than I anticipated, but it fits well.", "This is my daughter's favorite basketball shoe and the 4th pair we have purchased. She currently plays on 3 club level basketball teams so they get a lot of use.  She has tried many other Nikes and other brands and just never likes the fit. These are the perfect fit and feel for her.  She tends to have a bit narrower ankle.", "Excellent shoes to play indoor basketball, it keeps your ankle safe, specially if you tend to do mane &#34;crossover&#34; while dribbling ... Recommended", "These shoes color is so amazing. My son loves them. You will stand out in a crowd for sure. The fit is good and he said they make him run faster :)", "My 11 year old loves this style. They are very light weight. He is really particular about shoes & comfort - this was a great fit. The neon is quite bright - he thinks its kind of awesome. They are pretty cool.", "lightweight and super great colors....my son's new favorite shoe for tennis!  Shoes arrived on time and are more comfortable than most that we have triedalso true to size", "I love the brightness of the shoe! It fit's just how I thought it would fit. They came just in time for my indoor soccer season! I highly recommend these shoes and the brand is VERY trustworthy.", "I purchased these shoes to play recreational ball games about a week ago.  First impressions were the appearance of the shoe was second to none!  I really like that the shoe comes with black, white, and red laces.  I put the red ones in as I wanted to accent the red in the shoe.  Very well constructed shoe and doesn't seem like it will crease or wear out very quickly.  Since them, I have done several &#34;Insanity&#34; workouts and played 3 pickup games of BB at the rec.  The first workout that I did in them I could tell they were new shoes but they seemed to brake in fast.  After the first few workouts I play some BBall and they were amazing!  Great traction, and stayed right with me when driving and making cuts.  I would highly recommend these for for anyone looking for a good BBall shoe!", "Nice color scheme. 1st time seeing cool grey Air Jordan 1's. It's a comfortable fit as expected. Only problem is that it wrinkles easy...", "The shoe came as described and fit as expected. This was not my first pair of AJ 1's but I am once again a satisfied customer. I can't speak for how they are to hoop in they are definitely a great casual shoe.", "perfect fit and love the comfort as much as the looks! looks really good with denim jeans. Your getting quality", "Bought this shoe for my dad, wasn't sure he would have like it,  but he LOVES it !True to size and caters wonderfully for wide width feet. Was also pleasantly surprised by the quick delivery.My dad is almost 60 years old by the way :)", "I had a pair like this before and fit ok, I think this one was labeled as a larger size, could never get them to break in ,, hurt my pinkie toes severe. No more of these for me.", "My son loves these shoes. They arent as black as the picture shows. They have suede materail and it looks like a charcoal grey. The shoes still look great even with the color difference.My son skateboards and wanted these shoes for when he is boarding. They seem to do everything he expected them to do!!!! I just wanted them to look good and fit!!!! and they do :)", "My  son  is  satisfied  with  nike  hypervenom phelon tf.The  shoes is  good  design and  nice  color.  My  son  is  so  happy.", "The quality of the product is great and I received it well before the estimated date. My only issue is with the sizing. My boyfriend selected medium from the drop down on his wish list but when you click on the sizing chart is an international sizing chart and the sizes do not correlate to small, medium, or large. I&#8217;m sure when my boyfriend selected medium he did not intend to receive socks sized 6-8 for men, which is actually pretty small for most men.", "I wear US men's size 10. Med. is too small. Sizing chart doesn't relate sock size to shoe size. Beware, this item is sold by a UK based store called &#34;Shoe Place&#34;. If you get the wrong size, you have to pay for return shipping which is more than the item cost.", "Great thanks Well i'm Very happy with my things. My kids are Very enjoy it them. Oralia mata. Happy day :) you are Very honest in time and price.", "We returned these because my son felt they didn't look like they did on the site.  They look bigger and chunkier.  He also didn't like the color.  They are good quality - sturdy and would wear well.", "Best cleats I ever owned, regardless of price. I play mainly on turf, but this cleats are HYBRID, they perform really well on grass as well. They are very comfortable, foot/ankle support is excellent.", "Great AG shoe that nike discontinued. Great artificial grass cleats. Nice color. Nike's new version of this shoes is a disappoint.", "I'm happy with this shoes... but you have to be sure about your size in this kind of shoes... because the size is somewhat small that the real size.", "I got these shoes for playing intramural flag football.  They fit pretty snug compared to the casual Nike shoes I own in the same size.  When I tied them tight though it felt like they slid around on my foot a bit when I made hard cuts.  The shoes still worked well for what I purchased them for, they were a huge improvement over tennis shoes.  If you are getting them for soccer though it is worth noting that the toe of the shoe is pretty soft, only the heel and bottom of the shoe are rigid.", "The are an exact fit with football socks, it suits the football field usage and not too snug during actual play", "Nike quality.....exactly what you see in the picture. Really nice.....shoking color.......impossible not to be seen......My son is very happy with them!!!!!", "I have size 10 and always but any kind of shoes of this size. So I bought this pair and when I put them on, I felt a little uncomfortable. But when I started playing, they were extremely bad. I hurt my fit and wish I ordered a return...If you buy them, check the sizes, because they are likely 2 sizes smaller than they should be,", "its very small I can't play fot ball with it because it is very small I if you can get it back its will be cool", "My son plays college football and needed a replacement pair of cleats for natural turf.  He picked these specifically and says he's very happy with these.  He is an inside linebacker and wanted a 3/4 shoe for ankle stability but also needed a shoe that didn't weigh a ton.  He's pleased.", "best indoor shoes ever. great customer service. Very comfortable, but it has a narrow fit. They are really light and fun to use for street games.", "The shoes are good and they look great but they were smaller then I expected i still haven't used them", "They are absolutely beautiful shoes. A little on the tight side as far as width since I do have a slightly wider foot, but it is preferred for indoor/street soccer so I am very happy.", "Just what my son wanted and ordered. Price was comparable to local sports stores who didn't have his size in stock.", "My daughter is wearing these shoes for indoor and it took her a while to break them in and get used to the feel.  She isn't sliding around much, but I think they would be better suited for futsal/hard court surfaces versus turf.  She really likes them and says they are comfortable!", "As expected of an indoor soccer shoe, there isn't much support on the arches or around the outer edges of the shoe. But it worked for my son for a season. If you're looking for support, then find a different shoe. In hindsight with his arch problems, I would've chosen differently.", "They gave me much better ball control when I used them. I started with running shoes for my high school soccer practice in the gym but I had bad ball control with them. When I got these my ball control improved a lot.", "Very Comfortable shoe that fits great.", "Purchase for teen son, & fit was as expected.", "MY SON LOVES THIS SHOE I PLAN ON BUYING MORE", "Its a really comfortable shoe.", "These shoes are rad. Fit as expected and feel like wearing socks for shoes. Would recommend to anyone looking for something casual with some heal support.", "Love them I wear them every October and it supports breast cancer. And have a very good feel very light", "They so comfortable and high quality. They are very durable, the texture is of the highest of quality. Thank you", "Excellent sneakers, I have purchased this back in 97 the Royal blue and loved the way they snug our feet just perfect, Great Quality, drop dead gorgeous, highly recommended :) Super fast shipping and good pack, only if they were much cheaper would purchase 2nd pair in black on black ;)", "My son looks adorable in these shoes!  They are perfect for running and playing outside.  Also fashionable and cool... Making him the hippest toddler on the block! :)", "Our son has a size 4 foot and we ordered the 4 1/2 since it was the only choice available.  It fit great, he's had no problems and loves the look and feel of them.  Love this purchase.", "I'm very happy with my product", "83 Pegasus rule!!", "I do not like the shoe, while in the Marine Corps the Nike Pegasus was my shoe of choice for 14 years. This shoe is not the quality of the shoe I remembered. It looks and feels like a knock off. I have requested to return them from the vender but I have not heard from him yet. I am waiting for his response. I feel like I have wasted time that I will never get back ordering this shoe.", "Expected the shoe to not be very comfortable but wanted it just for style purposes; however, it's extremely comfortable, well balanced and fits perfectly.", "Love it!", "Fits just as expected. The reason I stay with the same brand, Nikes have always kept their sizing true in my experience.", "Owned one pair and the sizes are true.  Lots of toe box and very well cushioned. Only problem is the laces are a little short to be able to lace all the holes, must leave the top two open.", "I am usually not the type to order any clothing on the web, but i knew exactly which shoe fit as I tried them out at a department store.Since they department stores tend to drop lines and add new ones, you find yourself starting over with a new shoe each time.These were perfect fit and extremely light.The arch support is perfect and my foot is a little wide, which this shoe handles perfectly.", "Loved the shoe, but I was disappointed that they did not have the colorway that I had ordered even though the website stated in stock. I had to settle for another color and no compensation was offered. Maybe a slight discount or something.", "Shoes look good and are of good quality. Style appeals to anyone that likes high tops or old school style tennis shoes. Shoes are somewhat tight in width, hopefully better as they are broke in. Shipping was prompt and excellent.", "My favorite Shox and I own several pair. Very comfortable shoes. I have a bad back so comfort is a must and Shox are awesome and they look great too. These are all leather so they'll take time to stretch for those with wide feet (like mine) but mine broke in in about a week of daily use.", "the shoe fits as expected and shipped within 5 days which is on time. The price is normal and the color and design i could not find anywhere else.", "I BROUGHT THESE FOR MY SON WHO WORKS ON HIS FEET!!!NO COMPLAINTS!!!EXTREMELY COMFORTABLE ON HIS FEET!!GOOD PICK", "I love this sneaker. It is comfortable and stylish.  I get compliments whenever I wear it. However, they run a tad small. Order half a size up.", "Exactly what I wanted, nothing less than that. Got it faster than I expected as well. No mishaps so far.", "This shoes is very excellent", "I always use nike basketball shoes, they are great, The fit, the size, the colors, was exactly as I expected. Confortable, maybe a little narrow, but nothing that make think , that my purchase was wrong.", "my 14 year old son picked them out for himself and likes them. He says the fit is good; time will tell about how they hold up. The last pair of Nike's wore out at about the 6 month mark, but he was growing out of them anyway.", "The nike hyper fuse great shoe. We needed to go up 1/2 size. Vender has been easy to deal with.  I would use them again.", "This is awesome. I had to buy about a half size smaller, so it hurts after a few hours, but its super sturdy and I get a lot of looks. These shoes make me a better player before I even step on the court. People think i'm legit because i have awesome shoes.", "Perfect review, perfect shipping, offered really what reviewed by the customer, so highly recommend this product and well deserve price for quality in every aspect.", "My son has a shoe fetish for sneakers. He has  numerous pairs. These fit as expected and we paid less than in the mall. He was super happy on Christmas morning.", "These shoes are AWESOME! I wish I would have bought these sooner. Buy these and you too will love them", "The traction is what I was most impressed by. They added a couple inches to vertical leap. They are comfortable & breathe well during play. The ankle support is good.", "good look, good feel, good performance so far. I would buy these again, and also not too expensive. Nike is the best for basketball of course.", "My nephew is very proud of this shoe! He thinks that it turns him into a star basketball player!!! There is an issue with some separation of sole and the side of the shoe; very early for a shoe of this price and reputation...  :-/", "These shoes fit me and I have semi-wide feet. I couldn't wear any other shoe for basketball and I have 5 pair of hyperdunks. The color is vibrant and they fit like a glove.", "Just what I expected.......at basketball shoes Nike is the best of the best, those shoes are perfect for my training basketball sessions", "These were purchased as a Christmas present for a friend and he loved them. Mind you he did pick them out and they look so much better than they photograph.", "For my wife as a BDay Present.Turned out almost as expected, however it's not 100% thought for a regular use.", "The Hyperdunks are some of the best looking shoes on the court today in any colour! But this classic Toronto Raptors colour theme really stands out. Style and performance on the floor and in flight! What else could you ask for!", "I got them for my son for basketball season. He is a very happy b-ball player right now. Thank you", "Favorite shoes (have them in black & white)", "My new favourite shoes I am on about my 15th pair and I can't think of a bad one in the entire lot. This latest pair is stylish and just what I wanted!", "this shoes is very airy, comfortable and you can get the perfect fit that you want, tying more or less depending your game needings.", "As a rugby coach, running around in a gym all day can really hurt your feet. The problems I faced with other running shoes is bad form, but these shoes are so light and comfortable I have been doing great. They have good grip and surprising flexibility. I would recommend to everyone.", "Go bought these shoes for my sons friend who needed proper basketball shoes, they hug the ankle for maximum support and now I can be at ease when their out playing, and not twisting there ankles.", "Really good sneakers.", "These shoes are awesome and the color is different just what I was looking for.They grip your feet and at the same time feel comfortable.", "So this shoe looks really cool. BUT the tong of the shoe is really thin. I have to untie completely the first two loops to get the shoe on and off. and the heel on this thing has more of a lip than my pool.  Not a fun shoe to play basketball in. I loose my balance every time I do a fade away or lean back. So i guess these will just be used as a normal over priced piece of clothing.", "everybody keeps asking where I got my sneakers. I love it even thou it's a lil tight at the toes. Still a great buy!", "I agree these shoes are maybe too much. I was lucky enough to be gifted 40$ to my local sports authority thus the 90 beans turned out to be a little less than 60$. Nevertheless, I needed shoes, these worked out great, and sometimes they just don't fit the perfect way. So if you like high-top basketball kicks, wear double socks, and these shoes are a good buy.", "Size fit just the way I was hoping. Looks great. Very happy with purchase. Only thing I wasn't happy about was trying to contact seller to combine shipping sense I was buying other shoes  as well. Never heard back", "fino", "Always hard to buy shoes on the internet, but I took a chance. My wife wears a women's size 9 so that's what I went with. They are snug, but they are supposed to fit that way because of the material they are made of and the way they are sewn. At first we thought they were going to be a little too tight but after she ran in them one time she is very pleased with the fit and function. So the size was right on as a snug fitted running shoe.Oh, and they weigh like nothing so it's like running without shoes but with a good arch and sole. Amazing engineering.", "I ordered these Womens Nike Free 5.0' and loved the color! The fit was a disappointment they run small so I had to return them.", "This is probably the most comfortable shoes I have ever wore. Definitely would recommend this shoe to anyone. AMAZING! Great for doing anything physical.", "Every shoe I own and have for years is a size twelve, even Nikes.  But for some reason this year I'm a size 14 in Nikes.", "One of the most comfortable shoes I've ever own. I do Cross-fit types of work out so I was looking for an overall decent shoe with some mid ankle stability and not a lot of heel cushion like your typical running shoes. This shoe exceeded my expectation, extremely comfortable and fits great. Would buy this shoe again.", "Fit is very snug, but this is a very comfortable shoe. Most people would want to buy one half-size bigger than their regular.", "Love my new trainers they are great shoes but I where size 12 in all my other Nike's and the are somewhat to small still I would recomend a half of size or one size bigger if you decide to purchase.  I love these shoes so much I'm going to buy other pair just a size bigger", "Great product. Fit great.", "The shies were fine but I had some buyers remorse a week later because I found some at the Nike store for  $80.00. So probably should have done my resea", "These shoes are very light and comfortable to play with. They definitely allow great mobility and performance, while providing ankle support and protection. Recommended!!!", "I've been ordering the same size nikes for years and never had a fit problem.  It's one of the reasons I don't hesitate to order on line.  These however are somewhat snug and I wish I had known to order a half size larger.", "These sneakers have done the job. Held up for the basket ball season.My son is glad they are a tad big,as he is growing so fast!  My only complaint -they are way too expensive!!!!", "I wore my hyperdunks only for the  season now I wear the were ever I want.The person who rated this before me they.  probably  wore them everywhere or tugged at the flywire. The shoes have great ankle support the flywire helps you kind a little higher.I never got an ankle injury in them.", "They were sold out all at all the local stores and I was able to find them here and get them quick.", "I bought this for my boyfriend and he absolutely loved it, the pics don't do it justice its so bright that its totally fluorescent. I love it and i wish it had a female pair. Also i love the gel netting on it. Absolutely a great buy!", "I sent them back because I can't fit my foot in them. Hopefully they can come back bigger for my pleasure.", "This is the shoe that our JV team picked out for game play. First game and the paint is coming off. I would add the pic here if I could. Found out that it happened with other players too!  Can't afford to send them back as they have to have them for the games! The students can't even wear them for practice - just for the games. They are going to look horrible by the end of the season. Not looking good for future Nike shoe purchases.", "The purchase of these shoes was a good purchase.  Because they were men sized we knew that the ones we bought would run a little big on my daughter.  The basketball socks she wears are thick so they help take up the excess slack in the shoes.", "this kicks rocks!", "Have you got this shoes size 14 or 14,5? will you have ? Can you say me date ? s", "My son loved these shoes because they're a name brand he likes and also that they are his school's color.  Six of his teammates purchased this shoe and without fail everyone of them have had issues.  All of the boys had several of the strings that go up the sides split, causing them to just flap around and look really sloppy.  Most of the boys have had the soles separate from the upper.  These shoes would not be good if you play basketball in a league and are playing and practicing several times each week.  I would not even recommend these for guys who get a lot of playing time over the course of a winter season.  My son has had other Nike basketball shoes that held up reasonably well and we were able to give them to a younger player as he grew out of them; these will have to be thrown away.", "My son loves these Nikes. He saves them for rec basketball games & when the short season ends, they are his go-to. This is the second pair he's had ( different colors).", "My nephew loves the shoe.  His high school basketball team enjoys playing in them.  This shoe fits perfectly and it is comfortable.", "Actually we picked the size based on the present Nike shoe my son is wearing but upon receiving the product and trying out we could have ordered either 10D 0r 10.5D. Don't know how to get the next size?", "runs 1/2 size small so when ordering order 1/2 size larger than normal. love the shoe great looking shoe and is very comfortable little snug to get on but i like my shoes a little tight dont want lots of room otherwise for work out shoes you will get blisters.", "These are the most comfortable shoes I've ever owned.  Along with these shoes I purchased a pair of Nike FlyKnit Lunar1+ shoes and tried them first, also wore them a few days prior to even trying on the Free Trainer 7's, and could not believe how light and comfy they were, and thought they were the most comfortable shoes I'd owned, that is right up till I tried the Free Trainers!  I highly recommend them both but these almost 3/4 style b'ball shoes are amazingly light and comfortable.  At first I thought they were going to be tight as the design requires you to loosen up the laces almost all the way down in order to get your foot into them, but once you do they fit (true to size) like a glove.  I purchased a pair of Asics gel kayano 19's a few months back as they are the closest shoe (comfort wise) to how I remember a good pair of Nike's, and these don't come close in quality and style of both these new nike shoes.  Do your feet a favour and buy either of these new Nike shoes.", "Length ok but somewhat tight on top of arch. May improve with additional use. Definitely, a training shoe, not for running.", "Great shoe for training as per my so, who is very had to satisfey when it comes to shoes for training.", "Nike has always been my brand for athletic shoes; they did not disappoint with the Velocitrainer!  Great fit, unique design/colors.  I am always catching other gym patrons checking them out; no doubt wishing they had a pair.  Haven't seen them anywhere but here.", "i had ordered the nike flex show tr 2 in gray white and blue color scheme in mens when i opened the box they were a pinkish color the sticker they put over the size and color label it said mens when i removed that sticker the label said women's flex run 2013 magenta i called and complained they gave me a refund and i reordered the right one or so i thought because the second package was exactly the same said mens on the sticker over the label ended up being womens again", "I have had multiple compliments on these shoes. They look great feel good, and perform better.  I have lifted, ran, and used these shoes casually and they are worth the purchase.  Great nike quality as usual.", "Pros:-Super light weight!-Fit just right on my typically flat heeled feet-I have used them for long distance walking (5-7miles)/basketball/short sprints/jogging/and out on the town...and I always feel so comfortable in these shoes. Probably the best pair of shoes I've ever purchased!-Oh! And I no longer have lower back pains when jogging long distances!-One note of vanity - they look really good! Would buy these shoes 100 times again!Cons:-I've had the shoes for over 3 months and have No CONS!Honestly, I will be these shoes as long as they remain on the market, Nike got it right this time indeed!", "I thought they'd be a little wider, but other than that they are okay. They were also support to be dark grey on lite gray.", "Really good all round shoe. I use day to day and for Wing Chun training, until I get martial arts shoes.  I use more often than I thought I would. I was nervous about the size, I got a size 13, but it fits really well. Its really light and comfortable.A good buy and really worth it.", "Absolutely love them. Very soft, very lightweight, fit perfectly. Not overpriced at all. Absolutely recommend them to anyone. Use them every day.", "Flexible to run with and very comfortable. A little tight when I first put them on, but I figured that's how they are designed. Stylish as well and look great!", "Not bad, nice overall.", "Comfy shoes, great for the gym. No fear of rolling an ankle or slipping in these. Added an insole for a little extra arch support but I have really high arches so that was expected.", "The shoe is fine it just ran a little large on my foot. Otherwise, the shoe is of great quality!", "This is my first pair of Nike for my teen. He loves them and even chooses them over boots when the weather is bad. He's not much of a fashion hound, but these shoes bring that side of him out a little more.", "I ordered these shoes in white/black.  I received Grey/black/volt.  Went back and checked my order and realized that even though they say and show White/black, when you add to cart they come up Grey/black. If you try to order Gray/black it says unavailable. Called Amazon on Saturday and it's now Wednesday night and they haven't corrected the problem.  The girl on the phone said that it would take a couple of days for their &#34;team&#34; to fix the problem. I asked why it needed a team and a couple of days when we figured it out in minutes.  The white are not available so I couldn't even exchange them for the color I wanted.  So to sum it up, if you order white, you get grey.  If you want grey, they are only available if you order white.", "The has the letter D in it which is for wide feet, but the shoes I received were not for wide feet.", "Ordered these a half size larger than what I normally wear and am stoked that I did the shoes fit perfectly. They are comfortable and arrived as described by the seller....", "All around great shoe. Good for working around the house, walking dogs, to golfing. They are always comfortable no matter the conditions.", "THese have a built in strap over forfoot and help support my arch. Added some good inserts and they have helped my feet during work outs.", "My daughter loved them and they looked just as cool when we got them as they did online. She couldnt wait to ware them.", "Its like a feather in your feet and so light and comfortable. The only downside is that the face of shoes started tearing off so soon, but since it was so comfortable I d ignore everything else.", "I bought these for my son and he was very happy. He is now wanted me to order more shoes from here. We are very happy campers.", "Bought these on sale from a store. Had no idea what model they were. Seemed pretty comfortable. After using for a long time now i can say these are fantastic! Perfect for the gym and all casual walking/running. One of the best i had and i even got a few compliments on the blue color. A must have if your an active person!", "I bought these for cross training workouts! I love them!!! They are very comfortable & lightweight! Very satisfied with product & speed of delivery!", "Nice running shoe!", "The left shoe fits perfectly.The right shoe begins hurt across the instep especially on the outer edge of the shoeafter a few minuets.", "also they make a noise on the airbubble every time I walk.  very annoying...like air is coming out of it.  but stylish", "These are awesome shoes for working out in. They are so well designed that your foot is very stable. You feel safe lifting heavy weights knowing that your feet will not slip out from under you.", "I got these shoes but don't work out in them. I only use them for every day walking around. I'm not sure they are the right shoe for me as a work out shoe. I feel I need a shoe that is a little more stable.", "Look and feel good.", "I always buy nike shoes, always same size. No problem on it...", "Absolutely love the shoes for working out.  Price was good.  Colors are perfect for the Georgia Bulldog!", "Very comfortable shoe. That being said I like to lace my shoes very tight and it its hard to due with these. I had bought these for running. They are now more my casual gym shoe for running errands.", "I have always been a fan of nike product and these trainers are really nice as well but a size 12.5 would have fitted perfect nevertheless its a good shoe.", "Good:I like the fit and color of the shoe. It seems to be a well-made shoe, what I would expect from Nike. I do not wear them outside so I do not know how well they would hold up on the concrete or asphalt. These shoes are great for lateral motion and jumping.Bad:Not enough padding for my back and knees.I wear them during my TurboFire workouts. A lot of jumping and side to side motion. If you have normal knees and no back pain, I can't imagine a better shoe to workout in. I have only been wearing them 2 months so I am hoping that my body will eventually become stronger so I can get more benefit from the shoes.", "As a fitness instructor, I go through a lot of athletic shoes. I purchase Nike shoes frequently, and am usually very happy with my choice. These shoes, however, are horrible. The shape of the shoe itself is unusual and feels strange. There is excess space at the toe, making it feel as though I'm wearing flippers. In fact, when I walk, the toe end slaps down, making an obnoxious slapping sound. The colour of the shoe is surprisingly more purple than the photo shows and the tongue is flimsy.Also, if you plan on doing any jumping, you may find that the ball of your foot becomes bruised and painfulThe only positive I have for this shoe is the fun pattern on the sole.", "What I expected. Nice shoes. Been looking for solid white tennis shoes,  because that is what my husband like to wear.", "these shoes are extremely dangerous. when it rains and you get the soap slips a lot, at the risk of breaking a leg.DO NOT buy them!!!", "A little tight in the beginning but I love the look.  I work outdoors and in Florida in rains heavy at times so I needed a sneaker that would not let my socks all wet.  Mission accomplished!  Very comfortable now after a week of wearing them and the price was reasonable.  The only problem I had was I paid $73 and two days later the price dropped to $54.  An Amazon rep advised me to return them and then reorder which made no sense; they should have just credited me the $20 difference.  Regardless, I am happy with these.", "these shoes are not at all comfortable. Ive never had Nikes not be comfortable. These are a first the area where the shoe bends near the toes dig in to the top of the foot. Ive worn them for two weeks now and they are still very uncomfortable do not waste your money on these shoes.", "these are the shoes I need for work and they will come in handyand my boss will be real happy with me", "Nice to wear.", "The shoe it's self was to shiny, I thought it was more of a mesh/leather type shoe. Suede is what I'm looking for but the customer support from Sole Place was amazing! I could not be happier with there customer servie.", "I bought these for work and they fit very well. at first they seemed a bit tight but after a few steps the seemed shape to my foot. very comortable.", "If you have a wide or &#34;flat&#34; foot like me, choose a wider size. Other than that, a great shoe that was easily broken in.", "The shoes are comfortable and fit as expected.The appearance of the shoes are a little shinier than I expected though.  My wife thinks they make look like a 'special needs' kid.  Ugh.", "Good quality and very comfortable", "just what I ordered. Fit perfect and will work great with what they are for! Great price as well and delivered on time", "i was bit surprise how it looked in reality...a bit cheap looking! that is what happens when buying online no sense of touch etc.  Although, it is pretty tough, went running the very next day, a bit tight but guess and hoping that it will open up after a few roughing out.", "ITS GREAT LOVE THE LOOK AND FITS EXCELLENT", "its a different shoes. pretty,  simple, made with good materials and plagues. feels ergonomic.just nike logo inner side is not equal to the outside but is painted", "It's a nice lightweight shoe  that's pretty rugged.  It fits true to size.  It's not going to win any fashion contests, but it does the job.  The only thing that caused me to ding the rating is that is a little bit too stiff.  I've had the shoe for a few months now and it's still pretty stiff.  I'm going to use this shoe more for a casual work shoe instead of a training shoe.", "Nice grip in the front of the toes for running/sprinting. Comfortable, light weight. Strings seem to be a bit short, but thats the only issue.", "These were at my door as soon as I ordered them and are everything I expected! Got them for work because I am on my feet alot and they are super comfortable. Also awesome for outside.. Easy to clean and waterproof!", "The fit is perfect. The style is gorgeous and they are so light. I love them so much, probably one of my better purchases!", "Very happy with this item, for both price and fast delivery. Will recamend to friends & family looking for this type of item.", "'confortable, light and nice looking. I didn't give it five stars beacause it could have a little bit more cushioning at the heel.", "These are cute, light and comfortable shoes.  However I bought them for Zumba and they didn't work for me.  I have to be careful with my Achilles tendons and these shoes made them sore.  I will wear them for walking though.  They are very light and supportive.", "They are to big but I had already thrown packing away so I have no choice but to keep them.  I were10 in running shoes so, I thought they would be fine but they are to big.", "Nothings else to say, returned the shoes... not sure yet about the 6.5's as the toe box is very wide..", "The shoe is very light. I ordered it for my Les Mills Body Pump class, and unfortunately the shoes dig in a little across the top of my foot when I go down to do a squat. I was also a little concerned that they might split or tear. They seemed a bit too plastic to really hold up.", "I got the black one and I liked it but the size runs really big.  I wear a 10 but this felt more like an 11 or a 12 so I had to return it.", "The toe box is wide and the pinch my feet with every step. Great colors. They are comfortable and flexible.", "This shoe in a medium width is tight for even my narrow foot with the left one more comfortable than the right.  The color combination is beautiful.", "Arrived in original package and in new condition! I love them!!! The picture as seen on Internet was true to real life seeing the shoes.", "I purchased a pair of these shoes several years ago and they finally bit the dust.  When I went to the shoe store to replace them, there were multiple selections of great tennis shoes in all the new dynamic colors. However, I just wanted my plain ol' leather Nike which I can easily clean and looks half-way dressy for casual outings.  I was delighted to find my shoe on Amazon.  The shoe is great and the service was good too.  Thanks for saving my multiple visits to countless shoe stores.", "The Nikes fit well and have a nice look however,  they do not have a lot of cushion.  I purchased them because Nike doesn't make all black T-Lite VIIIs.", "I am going to Nursing school and needed a pair of all white sneakers and was looking in shoe department stores all around me and they either did not have plain white sneakers, did not fit right, or were slip-ons (I prefer tie shoes because then your foot is not as apt to slip out of the shoe.). I was also looking for Nike white sneakers because they are the brand that give my feet the most support. The only think that I do not really like is I like squishy, cushion-y soles and these did not have them. But I will just go and buy some soles that give me that. Otherwise, these sneakers are perfect for what I need!!", "I have sort of high insteps but it has never been an issue with tennis shoes before. I can barely wear these because they are so tight on my foot. My feet are not wide, kind of skinny actually, just sort of tall. The length is perfection and the soles are great. I just don't understand why they are so low. Won't get much wear out of these, unfortunately. Might try some longer shoestrings and maybe then they won't have to be so tight. I seriously almost can't tie them. If I make them too tight I can get a little knot, but definitely can't tie them like normal. Bummed bc they are super flashy and as I said, the footbed/soles are great!", "I've had 3 pair of the Nike City Court shoes over the last few years that I use for Racquetball.  The last two pair were GREAT!  This pair seems small - hopefully they will stretch out a little and be fine", "Very nice looking and fit is true to size. The ankle support as well as the instep support is very nice.  Plus they are a more normal color, not some kind of weird streaking color.  By the way, I have a very high instep, a very long foot (*11 1/2) and tend to be on the narrow side in the heel.  Was very pleased with this fit.", "This was a Christmas gift but I had to return them because they did not have the size we needed. If you get these you will not be disappointed just make sure you get the correct size.", "Good nike I recommend you to buy it u are going to like it make no mistake", "The shoes are great, nice fit& comfortable to me there more casual than playing ball in,I wear them for style, thanks again amazon for great service& friendly service", "This kicks look fantastic the price a bit cheaper than other web sites which is a bonus I hope that when thy arrive they don't disappoint me because they sure look like one of the best in the market plus hard to get if not they will be and probably the value increase then impossible to get so juggalos get this kicks now before they are gone for good.Whoop!Whoop!Happy4/20Yaagul .", "the price is the same as the store,but I saved some time for going to the store to pick it up,its a great shoe,i will buy it this way in the future,if they get a better price,at least cheaper than the store", "Didn't look how i suspected them to look. The Suede was terrible and the fit was okay. I wouldnt recommend and i wouldnt repurchase. I would return if i had the time but oh well whatever. Not purchasing from them again", "WickedAwesomeShoes... Really like the fit, the feel, the look and the looks I get wearing them. Errrr'body jealous! Get a pair", "The shoes are great. The only problem is the back of the shoes rub against the back of my legs. Hopefully they break in over time.", "Not at all a comfortable fit I shouldve purchased a size up (silly of me to order the size I wear). The sneaker also had paint on the Nike symbol and on the sole as if the shoe was spray painted.", "Shoes are perfect match with my Michigan gear and fit just right. I cant wait to wear them on Michigan game days!", "Wanted something different  for the summer that White nike air-force or White Air-max, these fit the bill some thing different that turn heads  very comfortable to walk in.", "I got these for my 3 month old niece for xmas and they fit her perfectly, they never fall off, and they are adorable.", "These shoes are very comfortable.  Not real good looking because the way the colors are combined they come out as a gray, rather than a white and purple, which is what I wanted.  But the comfort level is the key.  Can wear all day and not be craving to take your shoes off at the end of the day.", "The sole of the right shoe came off. I had to take it to a shoe shop to get it fixed. The other shoe is coming apart now so I guess I will just donate them to the salvation army or throw them in the trash. Be careful when you buy this item.", "These Nike should change their name to s***They literally...LITERALLY fall apart.Wore these out in the rain....the bottom soles started to come unglued. By the time I got home, they were completely apart. Really Nike? .......Really?Who knew these shoes could be worn in the rain?Really think these are imitations. They're horrible.", "My Grandson loves the sneakers and I have to admit they look really cool.  Did I mention orange is my favorite color.", "Nice, comfortable flip flops at a great price. No hassles. Easy transaction as always. Highly recommend. Can't go wrong with Nike.", "It's a decent shoe, but not a great shoe. I wouldn't recommend it unless it's under $90. The tongue on my right shoe is offcenter and the threads cut into the top of my toes, not ideal. Compared to the Kobe VII, my other basketball shoes, these are terrible.", "Exceleny", "These sneakers are great. Good fit, very comfortable and also look excellent. Highly recommended for anyone looking for a nice pair of sport shoes", "Everything good", "however it is somewhat large ,i love the nike bruin , i saw them for the first time back in 1984 here in venezuela and i felt in love ,them i saw them at back to the future movie and i knew it were going to be a classic ( super clasico) white and red perfect match color for them ,but we were poor so my parents  could not afford them , now i am 43 years old and had the opportunity to buy it and don't hesitate im glad to receive them after all this trouble here ,it was like a movie as we used to say here in venezuela ( fue la pelicula para comprarlas pero lo logre)  , however i think i can not use it, because i purchased them wrong (10.5), and i am 9 or 9.5  ,  why i posted them 5 star? because they did an excellent job ,i hope they bring more of this nike bruin to buy the right size 9 or 9.5, thanks SneakerRx ...i recommended SneakeRx to all costumers at amazon community", "These shoes are great and absolutely as advertised!  Arrived before due and with bonus material, extra set of laces. Love them.", "I order these shoes for my daughter, But when we received them they were shiny (patent leather look).  My daughter said they did not fit, so I returned them.", "I guess I didn't readvthe description at all or properly but this shoe is patten leather but it all worked out in my favor it's easy to clean. True fit.", "These shoes are perfect, exactly what i expected when i got them.i love the texture and color schemethank you amazon", "A must have on any SneakerHeads shelf. Great fit and style, extremely comfortable. They also come in almost any color way imaginable.", "these are very cute shoes but this price is rediculous. they are on finish line for $120 cheaper..... rethink the price for these", "I bought these shoes for my stepdaughter for Christmas from Finish Line for $59.00, and they're surprisingly cheap for Nikes in my opinion.  They run small and pretty narrow as well.  I would never pay $180 for a pair of shoes, and if so it had better be a pair from Nike ID!  They are really magenta in color, and the soles get scummy fast because of their dirt-attracting white plasticy-ness.  The 'crackle' look on the body of the shoe is really unflattering to my eyes; it's got no depth so it just looks like someone sneezed some pink of the exact same color of the rest of the shoe.  All in all, I'd suggest getting a different pair of Nike shoes, and definitely DON'T PAY $180!!!  Just Google \"Nike Free 5.0 v4 511281 101\" and you'll find them at Finish Line, third search down on the list for $59.", "Came in the box very clean. Had to cut off some threads sticking out. Overall good quality and just needs to be cleaned if worn a lot.", "Love the shoes gave it 4 stars because they are not that comfy but overall nice shoes looks good with a lot of different styled clothes", "THESE SHOES WERE PERFECT FOR A BIRTHDAY PRESENT! PERFECT FOR A GUY TO WEAR TO THE BEACH ON A HOT DAY", "My husband and son love these shoes. They are stylish and easy to put on. The size fit well and is adjustable for those with narrow feet.", "I got this for my boyfriend. He absolutely loves it. Great fit..true to size. The color is very vibrant and the quality is unbeatable.", "Excellent, the only reason I had 4 stars instead of 5 cause it keep the water or wet for longer than expected ! Otherwise the look, comfort and fits great.", "Hard to find so happy to be able to order through Amazon.  My son's second pair of these - his favorite.", "I wear two maybe three different types of sneakers.... Chuck Taylor's, Adidas Campus and Nike Dunk's. Chuck Taylor's and Dunks being preeminent. I used to wear Vans Old Skools and Core shoes but they feel a bit too juvenile to me these days.Dunk's are flat out one of the sharpest sneaker designs on earth.... they best Jordan's by a mile.These are Nike SB shoes which means they have a hard shell upper that wraps around the heel and and sides of the upper (I assume to protect your ankles.... They do run a bit tight.... I wear 11.5 in Chucks, 11.5 in Adidas but 11.5 in Nike is a bit too small and my toes are cramped into the box.Aesthetically though they are as sharp as can be, the grey outsole looks sharp against the arctic white insole and the old skool black and white color way (or lack thereof) is perfect for my weekend casual look with a pair of long shorts and a t shirt.These run of the mill black and white dunks can be hard to come by so I am happy I got a hold of a pair.", "Got this as a gift for my friend, he said he wanted to try barefoot running and so he got the 3.0, he's already an advanced runner and said those are one of the best shoes he worn but he is yet to test them to the limit.", "My husband loved them, they are his favorite work out shoes. The color is nice and  different from you traditional blacks. light weight and flexible.", "I recently got a knee injury and just couldn't ever get comfortable. I have 3 other pairs of Nike Free Runs, all various versions of the 5.0. These are on my feet all day. I've only run short distances in them, but so far they perform well. I am going to order another pair and stick them in the closet, just because this particular model is so perfect for my situation.", "It's a great minimalist shoe with a good sized toe box, enough cushioning (without being excessive), and awesome fit.  I usually wear a size 10, but needed to go up to 11.5 in this model.  So please be careful in your purchase.", "I've gone through 2 pairs of these. I used to go with mizuno flats and was looking for another minimalist option with a little more support. I was putting 30-50 miles a week on them training for a marathon and then ultimately used them for running the marathon. Very lightweight, comfortable, and well vented so my feet didn't overheat like earlier versions of the Free. Sized very small, I usually wear 9.5 and went with the 10.5. I could have probably gone with the 11.", "I always have a hard time from deciding from nike and under armour I more go with nike for the flashy look when I running in the a.m so I can make sure people can see me when I do my 5mile run on the busy downtown area in the early a.m", "The shoe was to small, returned but I am going to order my son another pair. He stated they were very comfortable. I might be buying myself a pair as well.", "These are great shoes for working out and doing some light running.  Very light and comfortable.  Black with grey is cool colour scheme as well, swoosh is a much more subtle grey than it looks in the photo&#8212;better in person.", "Because the tongue of the shoe is attached it makes it a little difficult to get your feet in at first... Also, it's a bit snug fitting so I would suggest going up a half size, although I have had mine in my regular shoe size for some time and it did stretch. However, this does not take away from the fact that this shoe is exceptionally comfortable for everyday wear or exercise. Love them and would definitely buy more!", "I take a 9.5. My earlier model Free's were 9.5 and fit like a glove. Ordered the new model and  couldn't even get it over my heel. Will try a larger size.", "I have a lot of NIKE Shoes......these fit especially tight because they are different in the fact that she have elastic not unlike a sock. The laces aren't really needed. THEY ARE LIGHTER than AIR. I love them.", "This new(er) model of Nike Free is a bit different than an older one that I found in a Nike outlet. It was very comfortable but the shoe's heel is sewed in such a manner that you need to try half size larger than your usual size. Other than that, they are perfect. It's like running barefoot.", "very lite! nice design.. easy to clean..fits perfectly on my foot.. very comfortable.. very flexible when excercising..i like it very much! i do not say this much but it was like the ad!!Nike did an excellent job here..", "I have owned several pairs of the Nike Free Run series shoes.  The 3.0 version 5 material over the toes is a weak point of these shoes.. I bought two pairs and they both have split at the toe after about 50 miles of running.  Otherwise I love the shoes.In contrast, I have the 5.0 as well and I have worn out the sole inserts after two years of running on them 10 to 15 miles a week.", "Been buying this brand for years and have a hard time finding my size. Glad to have found them and at a great price.", "like a glove, oh!, thats what she said! no but seriously the shoe fits, so im wearing it! oh! and the jokes just keep on coming!", "Sizing seemed way off.  Ordered my usual size and I couldn't even get it on my foot. Looks like a nice shoe but runs very small", "The shoes were awesome...My husband just has wide feet so this line is not best for him. They run a little too narrow.", "Bought these for my husband who absolutely loves them. He said they are extremely comfortable and they feel really good. The fit was perfect.", "There Fantastic! I love them. There like wearing no shoes at all, so lite on your feet. i would recommend them", "I absolutely adore my tennis shoes. They are super lightweight and conformable. Unfortunately, I don't know how to clean them and they are rather dirty. I am on my feet all day at work and they accumulate a lot of dirt.", "I have wide feet, I always wear nikes to the, but these are a little snug on my feet. They slip on not  by lace.", "***WARNING DO NOT ORDER FROM SHOEZOO***I ordered this item as a gift. The order form clearly states the size 8.5 that I ordered and the company SHOEZOO sent a 6.5. I contacted SHOEZOO before I contacted Amazon. Basically the rep from SHOEZOO stated that ''because of company policy'' we screwed up, but you have to deal with it. Aside from the gift that is going to be 2 weeks late ...I have to repackage the item, print out return slip and make the time to drive and find a FEDEX to return the item. Amazon claims they can do nothing because the company offered a ''solution''. Nothing about this whole process is a solution. It is nothing more than sheer inconvenience. I have ordered thousands in items from Amazon and I do so out of nothing more than the CONVENIENCE. Considering that I now have this strung out process I would have been better off just driving to a store. This company SHOEZOO is the worst and I have no idea why they have any relation with Amazon. They did nothing to even attempt to smooth over the issue. ***WARNING DO NOT ORDER FROM SHOEZOO***", "My grandaughter is really into her Nikes and was very disappointed that she could not pick another pair...size was different than any other pair that she had.", "May daughter has these for training for track and her DAD stated you still need spikes to run on the track in. Liked them so much her sister had to have a pair.", "Beautiful shoes just taking my time getting used to them.  It was an impulse buy and I won't spent that much on sneakers again any time soon!", "I have had this pair of shoe for a couple of months now and I absolutely love them!!  Fits great and are very comfortable.  I would recommend this shoe, its worth every penny!!", "I bought these for my wife and she loves them.  She does a lot of standing and walking so these were just perfect for her.", "Great fit and excellent for running and walking. I was looking for a perfect pair of sport shoes and I found it. Great price too.", "I love it!  The colors are almost the same as in the picture, so you get what you expect.  It fits perfectly.", "these shoes are great. love the style, fit, feel, performance and simplicity. price could be sweeter but still a good buy", "Fits an average foot very well. Put them on and did 5 miles right away. Very light weight and well ventilated.", "First off, I followed the other reviews that these shoes tend to run 1/2 size smaller than advertised and for me, that was 100% true. I am normally an 11 and got an 11.5 and it fit perfectly. These have great support and are snug on the sides of my feet. I have been using them for about a month of marathon training and so far have no complaints. If you run 4-5 times a week for 3-5 miles, these are great shoes.", "Great running shoe. Solid,comfortable and durable. I believe they are going to last me a long time! When I see my runners, I get excited about working out!!", "Most trails shoes do the job but their looks are ugly. The nike zoom terra kiger do the job and also kick ass in the looks department. Hey when you're running out there, you might as well look good right?", "Love the nike flex line. This is my second pair, slightly different but nice! This is the most lightweight shoe you'll ever own! I love that..Some people may not prefer minimal arch support but it's still comfy! The bottom of shoe is flat compaired to others, not as bendy/flexible..Perfect for working out and keeping your balance! Firm shoe but not sure about a running shoe! Super cute anyway:)", "Love these shoes. Was expecting blue soles by the picture but when they arrived they look more purple. Pleasant surprise because purple is my favorite color. Very cute", "they are ok...prob woud not buy them again,.didnt find much support and the sole is very hard and not to flexable", "They are most comfortable & I have received several nice complements due to the color scheme. Work great for the gym.", "Love these shoes!  I highly recommend them.  The size is accurate and the colors are just as they are shown online.", "I love this shoe.  Light and sturdy and cute too!  They give my feet support as I twist and hop in my Zumba classes.  I would recommend this shoe for walking or as casual wear.", "Product was a Christmas gift for granddaughter...She specifically requested this shoe..and they fit and have held up as she expected.", "she loved them and they fit her feet perfectly.  decent price  color is great and flexability is great for her", "This is probably the most comfortable Nike I have bought.  I bought them for the color and they are exactly like shown in the picture.  Fit exactly.", "The color is really nice. A little narrow. My toes were crying the first few times I worn them. Hopefully breaking them in will be more forgiving to my feet.", "Super lightweight with a traditional Nike fit (I find Nikes to be on the narrow side with a rounder toe), fun colors. I have always used running shoes for classes at the gym, but never again. The traction on these is great on slick studio floors and the support is there for sudden movement in all directions.  These are so light and comfy that I forget I have shoes on.", "This shoe is perfect for training. It gives me enough stability to do short, fast jaunts at the gym but not quite enough for running. The color is perfect! I love the bright blue color with pink details", "This shoe is stylish, fits perfectly and is very comfortable. I'm on my feet all day long, these shoes are suited for my active job.", "These are the lightest workout shoe that I have ever used and really improves my stamina during workouts. Highly recommended.", "Fits nice. But the color was a little different that what I expected", "I love them!!! The color is awesome! Even came with an extra pair of laces (hot pink!). Doesn't have much arch support, so if you have a higher arch you will need to get inserts. WIN!", "The fun level of this shoe is high.  The blue is a little brighter than the picture.  I'm not a super active person, but I try to get some walking in every day.  It only took a day or two to break in.  I had to replace the insole because it was too thin.  I'm used t this since I have high arches, but it actually surprised me how little foam thy put on the inside.  If you are going to use these shoes for even a little activity or wear them for long periods of time switch out the inside foam.", "Love Nike's especially the Lunarglide style. The cross training shoes are so lightweight it almost feels like you don't have sneakers on and the cushioning is great.  The toe lines are narrow so your feet don't look like you slammed them into a wall.  I have found that this style runs smaller and narrower, so I have been buying them a half size up and have not had any problems with the fit and I have about 5 pairs of them...very consistent...although as you get older the arches on your feet drop too so maybe that's the case.  Either way, the Lungarglide style.. I'd say order a half size up from what you may normally get and they are made for a more narrower foot...so if you have wider feet this style may not be right for you.", "It runs big.. my 15yr old son plays basketball, but he will not be able to play in these.  They will be for fashion only.", "These shoes were great. I play basketball every sunday and needed some new shoes to wear every now and then that were off the wall. They are not as comfortable as lebrons, but I can still run and shoot threes all day in them. great look and cheap price", "Received what I expected. Fits well, colors match the picture on screen, and is a stylish look for the summer in the states.", "When i open the package, I find there is a spot on the face. I know this is a new shoes, but there is really a small black spot on it", "I've never been excited about a pair of sneakers.  I'm not a big sneaker girl but I had to have these.  They're the perfect mix of girly and sneaker.  I have the white on white ones and the black ones are my next victims.  The amazing thing about these is that they are comfortable.  I also have some Nike Tr Fit's and between the 2 these are more comfortable.I buy sneakers for when it's not practical to wear heels or flats.  I got these because winter is coming and I thought I could look cute while keeping my feet warm. I have really wide feet and Nike runs narrow so I did get these in a 9.5.  I thought I'd still have to break them in but the width is actually fine.I wasn't a fan of the first wedge sneaker that came out but Nike did it's thing when they put these out.", "Buy half a size up. Runs small. Amazingly comfortable and so so cute. I love these, they go with everything and I get many compliments, and feel much taller without the pain.", "I am looking for size 5 badly of Nike Women Dunk Sky Hi M color White/ White 579763-100Any one knows where to get it??", "I love this shoe!!! I wear a 7 1/2 in ladies and this shoe fits true to size!!! I RECOMMEND GETTING this shoe if youre looking for a nice trendy sneaker for the summer!", "Perfect Fit so love them, very nice sneaker wedge. Thumbs Up will purchase again. Package arrive very quickly.  Once again I'm so I'm love with this shoe.", "I love these, perfect crispy pair of all whites for the summer! Now to keep them clean will be the challenge", "This is a comfortable stylish feminine sneaker a must have ladies I have all colors..go out and get yours  today", "These are the cutest wedge sneakers dunks run about 1/2 size bigger. Very narrow for a sneaker overall I love them", "My son immediately loved these and so do I. They're cute, stylish and sturdy with as always excellent Nike quality. They also clean off easily, which is an excellent quality for a toddler shoe. Love them!", "Im a huge jordan fan and it was great it was %100 authentic and it was great but the price", "Just a classic sneaker.  I can't jump any higher, but that's because I'm fat.  Money, it ain't the shoes!!  It's gotta be my gut!!  But they look sweet nonetheless.", "I don't usually but expensive shoes but I couldn't resist these and the color, so I decided even after some skeptical reviews to buy from this seller, I am no expert but I was very wary or skeptical myself and at first I opened them and them closed the  box in utter disbelief, I THOUGHT THEY WERE FAKE BECAUSE I WAS TOLD THAT ALL FIVES HAVE#23 ON THE SIDE, BUT AFTER COUNTLESS YOU  TUBE VIDEOS I WAS A BELIEVER THAT THESE WERE REAL. J'S THE GRAPES IN WHITE AND AS WELL AS THE BLACK ONES DO NOT HAVE 23 ON THE SIDE BUT DUE HOWEVER HAVE TWO THOUSAND THIRTEEN, WRITTEN ON  THE TONGUE ON THE INSIDE, THE THE COLORS ARE CORRECT, ONLY SKEPTICAL NOTE WAS THAT THERE WAS NO RETRO CARD IN THE BOX, BUT FROM WHAT I REVIEWED  THAT THIS IS NOT A DEFINITIVE STATEMENT TO SAY A JORDAN IS FAKE, AND THE BOX IS LEGIT!", "The shoe is a bit pricey but fits well and i love it ! i would recommend this seller and shoe to anybody !", "I bought a pair of Nike Air Jordan Men's Retro V Grape. The first problem was I ordered a 12 and they changed my order and sent me a 12.5. Then when I placed the order was given a $10 discount and the seller charged me the total price without the discount. And to add insult to injury, the shoes are FAKE! The retail price for the shoe is $180 before tax. I paid $300 for a FAKE shoe and I am livid right now. DO NOT ORDER ANYTHING FROM THIS COMPANY!So I finally figured out how to get back to my reviews, so that I could edit this review as I agreed to do with the owner of KickzStore, Jorrel! Originally, my intent was to edit my review and speak on their handling of my situation with the shoes. I requested a return and they granted it with no problem and my money was refunded to me within a week. Now here's where the story gets complicated. They agreed to do my return if I would agree to edit my review. I told them I wouldn't change my comment, but I would comment in reference to their willingness to try and correct the problem. Well after they did the return, for some reason I couldn't gain access to my review. They emailed me repeatedly and accused me, taunted me and harassed me. If it was possible to post the emails, I would do so. I was absolutely mortified by this company and its employees. If you choose to purchase ANYTHING from this company, do so at your own risk!", "Bought these for my boyfriend as a gift and I must say he absolutely loves them. He is a huge Jordan fan and I was a little hesitant to purchase these shoes online for fear that it would not be authentic but he can spot fake from far and these shoes are genuine so I am happy that he is pleased", "The Grapes basketball shoe looks as good as the pictures show.The colors on the shoe are the reason for the purchase! Charlotte Hornets!!", "Thanks for the shoes they fit perfectly. They were exactly right like the picture you put on thanks just what I want !!!", "These arrived earlier than expected, which is always good. My son loves them. It said they fit as good as his other Jordans do.", "I got these as a gift for my boyfriend who collects Jordans. He can recognize fake sneakers from a mile away so I was a bit nervous about getting these and them turning out to be &#34;fake or replicas&#34; He loved them and so did I!!! Great buy!", "I haven't bought sneakers in a while. I had to up in size since I wear an 11 but they fit well (11.5)", "very comfortable. had when i was younger and still has the same flare. recommend to anyone who likes re-issues. very nice", "great and comfortable pair of shoes to wear casual and color is rare and love it and material feels is amazing.", "These shoes have the Nike Free 5.0 low sole, and it is the perfect barefoot feeling. They are extremely different from other Nike shoes, and the woven design is absolutely no gimmick. They fit really smug on my feet, feel like they weight nothing and are extremely comfortable to walk on. I payed $2oo for my pair, and they are worth every penny.One problem though, they may run a bit small on the size, so I highly recommend you try-fit them in a real store before ordering..", "This shoe arrived and looks very similar to the Nike Inneva Woven but minor differences had me wondering, the fit was the true tell. Basically the shoe I had gotten had the back of the heal sitting back over the edge of the sole causing a very painful sensation of the edge of the edge of the sole cutting into my heal. The upper of this shoe was also incorrectly made being way too tight to allow a foot to properly go into it. It was almost as if they had used the sole of a size 13 shoe and tried to make it into a 14.", "These are exactly as advertised the amazing Nike Airforce 1. They are perfect and since it is so hard to find in suede in a light color I must give them 5 stars. You will have a very hard time finding light colored airforce 1s in suede anywhere else. And the shipping was amazingly fast. they were not supposed to be here unitl friday and here it is tuesday and I am wearing them.", "I love these right here. Fit just how my feet like them. It came on expected date. The color goes with any outfit I got", "I purchased it for my son and he loved it and it looks &#34;cool&#34;.  I thought colors were to bright but he didn't and that'sall that matters!", "Awesome so comfortable oh they are so comfortable  get them a lot of pading and  good grip strap won't break easy", "It is more than my broth expected. Nice and very comfortableWish to have a great dial next time .", "my wife love it , the packaging was great , fit as expected , the color is shiny red, looks wonderful", "Dont get burned by some of these buyers. Nike store has these on sale all time for 65$. Buying them on nike will assure you quality at a better price. Dont get scamed", "This pair of NIKE shoes are very light, wear feeling very good, I like it ! The only problem compared to other 10# I bought this pair of shoes feel smaller!", "These are some awesome shoes, very eye catching, however after reading some reviews online, i found that they run small, so I decided to get an extra half number, they still fit small, hopefully the more I use them the more they'll fit better. I'm planning to buy an extra pair but in different color so i'm planning to buy 1 extra number than the one I regularly use", "These are reallynice running shoes.  They fit perfectly and are of good quality, nevertheless, in the picture they look gray but in reality they are white!", "Shoes are deceptively narrow and tight.  Very uncomfortable.", "Ordered a size 10 and they fit way too narrow, very disappointed. I will be returning these Air Max as soon as possible.", "perfect fit for son's LARGE feet!  hard to find shoes he likes.", "came earlier than expected, fit nice and feel authentic. great overall , and am very happy with this purchase overall.", "The Nike Women's Flyknit Lunar1+ Club Pink/Electric Gree/White Running Shoes 10 fit my feet just right.I have always worn size 8 1/2 dress shoes but running shoes sizes are different.This is my second pair of exactly these shoes.  They are light and the right amount of support.I walk/run half marathons and train most days. These pink Nikes are so attractive that sometimes I wear them with pant/slacks for dress.These Nikes make my feet seem to fly.", "I chose these shoes because I did a shoe-selector app thingy online and based on the way that I run, these were some of the best for me. I really love how light they are, and they're supportive and they fit correctly. These are for sure the brightest colored shoes I've ever owned haha :) But I love them and I'm really glad I went with these. I get a lot of compliments on them.", "with high arches, bilateral knee surgeries and standing all day at work Nike flyknits are the go to shoe!! Want ALL of the colors!", "light weight, great foot support, with amazing breathable elastic fabric.  I fell in love with these sneakers and wear them for more than just running.", "LOVE LOVE LOVE ... I only wear Nikes, KSwiss, or Keds.  I really like the look and shape of the Nike Lunarglide style.  The toes are more pointed than round... Can't stand the rounded toe that looks like you slammed your feet against a wall.  They are lightweight ...  Feels like your walking on air..", "I am normally a size 8 and wear 8.5 in running shoes. This was huge and had a lot of heel slippage. The Lunarlon sole was also overly soft in my opinion. Good looking shoe but didn't live up to the hype.", "These are so great except for one thing: i found the back dug into my ankle the first few runs.  What I liked is how light they are, and the color has gotten me a lot of compliments.  Also pairs with nike+.", "Love the shoe. Lightweight and very comfortable to run in", "I am rating this product a four star because I thought ordering a 9 would fit my legs but they are very small and tight, I love the design though also because it ships from outside the US, you pretty much have to be very patient and hope everything come right.", "Very comfortable to wear.It is very light while most of my old basketball shoes were heavier in comparison.And it looks good.", "My son loves this shoes. It's very different and can be worn with khakis or jeans. Fits perfect to size.", "Big fan of the shoe. Great look and feeling to it. Nice colors to chose from big fan. Good for casual or even fancy places.", "these I fell in love with when I saw them purple I love very much and so I bought them as you wear them a lot as you walk the straps do hurt the skin a bit but the flops look good only wish they were a lot more comfy on the straps because I walk a lot in them...", "Very cute. Light weight but seems to be made very well. The only problem I have with them is a sticker that said &#34;squeeze me&#34; was stuck onto the bed of the shoe. I have tried several things and can not get the adhesive from the sticker to come off. Very annoying to have my shoe stick to my foot.", "The shoes look and fit absolutely perfect. They showed up four days sooner than expected.  Very pleased.  Thx very much.", "I ordered a half size larger due to rapidly growing feet of our resident teenage boy, but he loves the shoes and wears them every day.", "My son wanted a pair of Lebron James shoes for Christmas.  These were one of the best deals we could find.  He loves them.  No problems with order or delivery.", "My 11 year old son just loves the shoes!!!!  AWESOME!!!!  Great Birthday gift.  Great fit!  Go Gators!!!  Very Happy with purchase&#34;", "My 13 year old was just dying for shoes like this, so when I saw this price I jumped at it. These are nice looking and comfortable shoes, but they do make his foot look larger than it is. At any rate, he love them!", "Shoes r great but very little ankle protection and that very little bit hurts ur foot that is why u shouldnt buy the lebron easters", "My son wanted these for Christmas, so I bought them. The color is awesome. He gets compliments on these every day. Not sure about the performance but he does play basketball.", "Love them an great custemer sevice.colors vivided wear them all the time.Thank you.for fine product no issues no what ever.", "I'm a female but i enjoy comfortable shoes so i said cheese nips I'm gonna get some LBs and i love em and i only get compliments on em  so now  I brave sexy and in fashion but most of all im comfortable too ps vendor kicked it into high gear so i was wearing and tearing in no time recommend this vendor highly", "Sweet shoe, sweet colors. Love these. Running in these ae are a dream. Keep these exclusive colors coming please and yhank you.", "I have another pair and they fit the same. BTW I love theses shoes best shoes I have besides my Pradas.", "I bought these shoes for my son. The price is what I like the most. They were $165 and up in the store but I got them for less. I'm always looking for a great bargain. Saving money always put a smile on my face!!!", "I'm a motorcyclist and the look I see, from other motorist when I'm wearing my Nike Air Max Lebron X Low's changing gears let me know I'm being seen they just look GREAT !!!!!!", "These were a 'Santa' present for my 15-yar old son this past Christmas.  He was over joyed.....Fit true to size", "I bought these expecting them to be a shoe to wear to the gym but as comfortable as they are I want to wear them all the time.", "i have wide feet and these are a bit uncomfortable to use while driving, but other than being tight i love them.", "Dope shoes", "size large but I came to buy it in fit of man and woman ... was very good for the product presentation", "I got these for my great grand son to start school in and they are still nice he wanted them.", "I like it.I gave my husband this shoes for a gift.It's comfort and good shoes.My husband likes it very much.", "My son wanted these sneakers for the longest time; when he opened them Christmas morning, he was thrilled. Has worn them and loves them. Great price !", "The looks amazing color is nice they really stand  out but be careful they fit really small so go a size larger than what you wear", "We like the shoe. It came quick and fits well. The crimson color is much closer to orange than red but we like it.", "Good tennis shoes took me a while to break the Nike shoes I'm more of a perfect fit so I had to buy them one size a little bit bigger am a 9.5 and I got him for 10.0 if you wear Jordans the Nike shoes she'll be half the size bigger because they're more of a tight fit", "My son was very  happy with his new Max Lebron X shoes.  He has enjoyed wearing them.  They are great quality and just what we expected.", "Looked great but too small. May run on the small side. Think about buying a size up or wearing without socks.", "less comfortable than i thought considering it is a basketball shoe. they do run a bit small. the size 10 is snug", "These are what you would expect from Nike and LeBron James, the best, most comfortable shoes at a very good price. Besides being extremely comfortable, they are supportive around the ankle, have good traction, and look great!", "And he also says they fit perfectly, very comfortable. So I suppose I should give them high marks, as this is the shoe he wears most often over all of his other ones.", "This is the second pair of these shoes we have purchased for our grandson.  He is 13 and loves the color, the comfort and durability.  They have lasted a year and that is a long time considering how much he has worn them.  They were not available in stores so we were so glad to have found a pair here.", "I like the color... I like the fit and support... It's light and comfortable...I love everything about it... It's one of the best gift for myself.", "Very confortable. A little tight on the sides but nothing unbearable. Bought the yellow ones.  They look even better than the picture. Very satisfied.", "Son wanted these for Christmas, he wears them to school on dress down days, and he says he gets a lot of compliments on them. He says they fit well,and are very comfortable. These are his first pair of trainers of this kindle of calibre.", "They are great sneakers but a tad small in the Inside. Next time I will get a size bigger. Thanks", "i like my new lebron shoes coll !!! look amazin there so fresh men 100% confortable and nice look peace", "The shoes are great! My son is thrilled with them. They arrived very quickly in the mail. They fit perfectly. 5 stars for this purchase.", "the reason i only  gave it 4 stars is beacuse they didnt have my size it was one size to big but other than that this shoes earns a full 5 stars the seller was amazing", "I bought these for my son for his birthday, he seen them on Amazon and all I heard was I want the Lebrons, I will say he has had them for a couple of weeks now and wears them constantly, he loves them. He says they are very comfortable, fit well and all his friends like them as well. I have a very happy 14 year old. I checked them out myself and will say that they are well made and will be durable, the quality is definitely there, I would recommend as they are stylish and are of good quality.", "Not race orange or street cone orange, but NEON ORANGE like back in the time of the 80's when everyone was rocking neon....yeah that color. The shoe is made very well yet on the heavy side if use to play ball. Im give three just because the picture and the actual shoe color or off heavily, which I am a fan of the color race orange. If you are having an 80's party or episode this is for you. To the younger peeps this is what is in style. Ofcourse with the right color cargo shorts and trim out top gear it can tone down the bright color of the footwear. For those those walking zombies that have not been socialized in the world these shoe might be for you. I never thought I would see the day when plastics and synthetics would take over a honest cows leather.", "Great !!!!!!!!", "Just what I expected, they are very comfortable to use it every day and for playing tennis they are great. The green color is great, it gives a nice touch. I highly recommend them.", "The shoes fit me perfectly. I play quite a lot of Tennis and I have been using this pair for about a 8 months now without any issues at all.", "I am used to running in the nimbus asics for 4 years now and I wanted to see what was all the hype with Nike. I love the design. It's a pretty shoe, but only really good for running and walking. I did a circuit class in them (lots of jumping and turning fast) and nearly twisted my ankle 3 times in an hour. It's a great shoe for running, but really not meant for any other activity. Have that in mind when purchasing!", "Shoe fits great and is everything I expected. Came shipped as expected and on time. Shoe size is also very accurate and width fits as well.", "its a very good cleat i like it because i have a wide foot so it fits really digs in the grass i make my cuts and side shuffles great only thing is dosent have that much comfort in the cleat other then that its a great cleat thanks for the product !", "Kids have multiple shoes at home, however for some reason these shoes are much bigger than others, even though all shoes supposedly are same size (11,5). I will keep these shoes and wait another 6 months for kid to &#34;grow in&#34; to them, but will never buy from this seller because of their return/exchange policies - when I tried to return/exchange these shoes to different size only then found out that it will cost me an arm and a leg &#34;The customer will endure the cost to ship it back to us. &#34; Not only size and style looked different when arrived and I had paid for shipping ($8.95), now if I want to get correct shoe size, seller also charges me for shipping again. Nah, stay away from seller. At least shoes were too big for what they should have been sized for.", "comfortable fit and very cushioned.good for playing basketball.", "I purchased these for my 1st grandchild because my son is a fan of anything Jordan.  This is his first baby and my first grandchild.  I had wanted a smaller size but unfortunately this was the smallest I could get and this was the only style I wanted so I had no other option.  Hopefully, he has big feet, not really but this was the cutest of the crib shoes and so size was not the determining factor; style was.  They are very cute but the baby is not born yet so of course they are too big!!!! My son is a fan of anything Jordan so I'm sure he will be happy and I can already see him stuffing the toes and putting the shoes on the baby anyway!!!  They are made well and with the Velcro opening they will be easy to put on and take off.", "love the shoe no damage nothing brand new! new scent box everything omg love these shoes arrives on time everything my gf loves them", "The shoes are an excellent fit...true to size.  As most Nikes, they are very well made.  The colors are bright and look good.", "The shoes fit well and they look as they are posted. I would recommend them since they were a good price for the product.", "The colors are the same as the picture and the size fits well. It is beautifull and everyone asks where to buy it.", "Nike Shox are the best shoes I have owned.  Be prepared the color is bright. Love these shoes and very comfortable.", "Lovely shoes! And they shine from far. Love shox! Best line so far. Also they make you look much taller.", "I use nike shox since 2007 and this is the best tennis for me. This one in particular is extremely beautiful - the same way it apears in the photo.", "I normally would have gotten a size 7 but after reading the reviews that they run small I decided to go with a size 7.5.  They fit perfectly!", "My son loves these shoes. They are well made and comfortable. Price was reasonable and they fit as expected. We may buy more later in other colors.", "So comfortable and definitely my favorite shoe. I've wanted air maxes for years and couldn't be happier now that they're mine.", "Just bought the item.  Looks like it is good value for money.  Liked the colour.  We will know the quality only after a few months of usage.", "When i received this item i got two different colors of shoes. One was grey in color and the other one was brown in color. I returned it and got a refund which was great", "I wear a 10 in all my other nike shoes.  These fit like a 9 3/4 if there was such a thing.  I don't think they are a half size small, but they aren't true to the other nikes", "I could not find these shoes anywhere and I have been searching for a long time. They are awesome and some of the best shoes I have purchased!", "Stiff surprisingly.  Thought one of the colors was gray but is taupe and black .  Goes with everything. Like them", "I love these sneakers and received them in 3 days perfect condition just as I expected . I feel very sexy with them on :/)", "Im always in love with Nike Dunk Sky Hi Wedge. Size is perfect as all my Nike are in the same size.Only bad part of it, is the packaging, the shoe box came with no covers, lucky thing Im okay for not having the box and the shoe is not damage along the way.Shoe are in great condition, love the color so much plus the price is reasonable.Great feeling and happy with my purchase.Cheers.", "This shoe is rated as a lightweight racer for anything from a 5K to a Marathon.Not so sure about the Marathon...but I've worn it for 2 half marathons.  The first was a trail race with a severe downhill, and they were not the best on the trail.  But the second was on pavement, and the shoes did GREAT.As light as they are, they do actually offer good support for a neutral runner.  the tounge is of a different type of flat material and has some sharp edges so its best to wear socks with the shoe so you don't get chaffed by the tounge.  Not so sure tha tthe &#34;flywire&#34; technology offers a more custom fit, but it doesn't take away from the shoe's performance.I use them on short runs up to 3 miles, and speed work,  and for the occasional race.  I'd be interested to find out what they do in a marathon, but not really brave enough to test them out.The sole wears better than expected.  All in all I am quite pleased with the shoe!", "9/1/2  is like a 10 we did not understand that but nice shoes will buy this again I will recommend This shoes to everyone", "Great fit, comfortable for every day wear. or strong enough to go one one one. Wish I could have found them in all Red. but Still love the black and red!", "I am glad that there are companies that make something that goes a little bit farther...I want to preserve these rich man's shoes...Eventually I will wear them out with a variety of extreme workouts...I hope that Nike continues to pay these shoe engineers to design shoes that, I believe, will extend my life.  Many thanks...They go beautifully with light colored casual outfits...John Bendheim, M.D. of Verbank, NY", "They fit perfectly, are easy on the feet, and bring a tsunami of complements as work shoes...Expensive as shoes go...", "These Shoes are very Comfortable,Right out of the box,made from Suede,Shoe are very soft,Nice thick insole,that gives your feet the cushion it needs,there not running shoes,but every day casual shoes,even if your on your feet all day,these will keep them from hurting.....def would buy another pair", "So far its good", "Very comfortable, and several compliments. I'm 9.5 E US at New Balance,  but at Nike I wear 11 US.Great shoe!", "I like and chose this shoe because #1,I like the Color,#2,When I'm out and about,my foot isn't looking like the next 100-200 people wearing the same shoes,#3 Being different for me is me also being  A LEADER AND NOT A FOLLOWER,and last but not Least #4, IT SHOWS THE YOUNG PEOPLE THAT THERES NOTHING WRONG WITH BEING DIFFERENT,as long as it's IN A GOOD WAY!!", "I love these pairs, i rarely buy basketball shoes brand new and at this price.Had an amateur tournament in NY and played with these,very light if you are a point guard, this is what you need.", "Very pleased with the purchase.  The sneakers are well made, exact fit and are very comfortable.  They look pretty good to.  Would definitly recommend.", "I was a little disappointed in the time it took me to receive this purchase, but satisfied with their function.  I was surprised to see the color wasn't exactly what I expected.  From the picture I thought the main part of the shoe was a light grey or barely off white color.  I was mistaken.  It's actually a very light green.  Almost like a bluish green.  It's not ugly, actually very unique and the color of the nike check and shoelaces complete the color nicely, but I was still taken off guard to see that color as the main color of the shoe when opening the box.  At first I didn't think I would like the shoe because of that, but after trying it on and wearing the shoes around a little bit the color did grow on me.  The shoe is clearly comfortable, flexible, and functions well just as all Nike Free Runs I have ever owned do.  I thoroughly enjoy the comfort, feel, and action of Nike Free Run shoes and have only purchased those styles for the last year or so because of their comfort, durability, and functionality.", "The shoe looks good and and fits great. The shoes are very light and provides great support. Will definitely buy another pair.", "I am a size 11 but took a chance and ordered a12 based on the assumption they run small. Glad I did, they fit perfectly. Great walking shoe and very nice looking. They do get noticed  and with favorable compliments. Another Amazon,  nailed on the head, purchase.", "I bought these after much research on many websites.  My choice in shoes like this is the way they look first, comfort second, not worried much about anything else.  I tried similar shoes on at a store before I bought these and thought they would fit fine.  As soon as they arrived and I tried them on I knew I was in trouble.  Very narrow thru the widest part of the shoe and I don't have really wide feet.  Wore them around the house, bent them back and forth for hours, to no avail.  The only good thing is the company said I can send them back for a refund which I will be doing.Good look, horrible fit.", "I love them. Fit perfect and look great.", "I bought these shoes for my son.  The shoes are extremely light,  have great traction, fit well and look great.  The downside for my son is he is flat footed and the shoes caused foot pain.  They are also low tops.If you don't have foot and/or ankle issues, these shoes would be a great purchase.", "This are very nice, fit perfectly, and are comfortable they look nice also, my son is very happy. Thank you", "I have potentially purchased 100+ pair of Nike shoes.  My feet are a solid 9.5 and a Nike 10 normally fits me perfectly.  These shoes run small - so I needed to go to 10.5.  The shoe's upper is extremely structured - more like a regular shoe than a sneaker - but that's not a bad thing.  I wear them to the office, and to teach at a University - and not to exercise.  The reason I bought them was the 'weave' does look professional (in and around campus) - with the blue sole looking slightly stylish.  Other than the size issue - the shoes wear and feel like Nike's = PERFECT.", "bought this for my boyfriend to play cricket. he loooves it. its fits perfect and he says it's very light.he gets a lot of compliments on it, everyone wants a pair 2.cant ever go wrong with Nike....just do it", "This shoes are awesome !!! Very well made and comfortable , I'm so happy with this purchase especially that they cost me only $200. So happy:)", "I Love Love Love Love Love these shoes, they make feel like I'm wearing high heels they are so pretty, so many people love them also, the pattern it great", "The shoe is very comfortable and stylish!  There is no limit of $$$ on my being comfortable, you get what you pay for...", "I play high school basketball and have worn these for every practice and game for two months. One thing I really love about them is that they are very light, possibly the lightest shoes I have ever worn.Don't be worried by the low-top and fear that your ankles are in jeopardy. I have run sprints, slides, etc. in these shoes and haven't felt discomfort once.Overall, these shoes are very light and perfect for a high school player that will be running sprints and conditioning. Highly recommend.", "Very uncomfortable shoes, wore 1 day and gave them away ! I was really surprised but they did look cool!", "Great shoes! I see why the post were so positive about these. I haven't officially worn them out yet, but tried them on and very comfortable shoes. Look great and look forward to wearing them more. Might order pair! Good luck.", "They came earlier than expected which is a plus. No damage was done to the box, size was true to fit and they might take a while to break in unless you wear them everyday  but no complaints.", "Love it. Reduce foot pain after excecise. Look great too. My favorite. Enjoy this shoe with excecise and random walking", "This is my favorite shoe to play in as it has exceptional grip on the court and I prefer to play in low top shoes.  The flywire technology should just be part of all Nike shoes now because it makes a shoe fit like a glove(as long as you have the right size).  I like this shoe so much I got it in five colors as it's a stylish shoe as well.  I don't like most of the colors released but I was lucky enough to get a pair of the EYBLs, a custom pair, a black and gray pair, and a pair that is so colorful I can't describe it.  Just a great shoe all around.", "there very colorful and stands out in a big way... would def go with the color... got many compliments  on the kicks", "Best shoe ever. Amazing color way. Beautiful from all sides. Perfect for basketball. Lot of technology in it: Kevlar carbon fibre.", "very good quality basketball shoe some amazing colorful I love the out of the box is awesome I liked them.", "Love the shoe! Definitely a great purchase. The shoe fits to your foot well, giving support. I thought when I initially purchased the shoe, that I would have a hard time wearing it since I wear ankle braces. The shoe remains comfortable even with the braces on, so don't feel discouraged if you have the same worries. Overall, I would recommend this shoe to anyone looking for a quality basketball shoe.", "Looks a very nive prodNow is time to ask for a running snickers asap Yeah!!!!Victor Solano Costa Rica", "These are good shoes, however, I got them for sixty bucks at a nike outlet. Save money and do not purchase via Amazon. Other than that the shoes are fine. Fit nice and feel good. I would not wear them to hoop but who would?", "You would have to be the stupidest person in the world to buy these shoes.  $400!  WOW!", "Not sure if these are on par with the retail release, but something about them bugged like they were B- grades. Not fakes by any means I studied them upon receiving them greatly and they seemed somewhat on point but there were a few things about it that made me think they are b-grades. 1. Box was in terrible shape, not only that but the seller did not double box it for shipping. A bag around a box of shoes loosely tossed and turned in the UPS truck perhaps made it more beat up than it should have been. On top of that when I opened it the shoes looked to have some immediate flaws as Nike usually does on any of their outlet items. One the area above the toe box where the lacing begins was raised up like it had been warped by heat damage. It is something that may go away with wear though as the material learns to grasp on to the shape of the foot. Another issue was the holes created for the fly wire to come through look very ugly. It may not be noticeable from a distance, but damn up close it looks pretty hideous especially on this white mesh and fuse material used on that part of the upper. The flywire was very loose and makes re-lacing the Lebron X a pain. That icy blue bottom is pretty yellow, and not blue at all. Positives are the fit and feel when the shoe is on foot. Heel Cup is extremely supportive though when I tried it on, and the shoe fit my slightly wide foot very well. I go half a size up in running shoes, but for some basketball shoes like the Kobe 8 which is very tight I have to re-do the laces a particular way to have them comfortably fit on my feet to use size ten. In these there was no such issue and there is much more space toward the front of my ankle. I have pretty deep arches and I felt that this shoe supported that well. Lastly the design and colors really look nice although have some obvious flaws like the icy translucent blue being very clear and yellow although those gold flakes are a nice touch. I like the shoe but in hindsight I would not pay more than 150$ for this, the price is ridiculous and Nike is making a killing off Lebron's name and hype. Do yourself a favor and save the money, unless you NEED this shoe specifically for the way it fits and plays, there are plenty of other, cheaper options to explore.", "This has been the worst Basketball shoe I ever purchased.  Two weeks after receipt several of the plastic black areas had unglued.  The orange sole had separated.  I had bought other Lebron editions and were great, but the quality of this one is horrible.", "We decided to go ahead and spend the money to buy a good pair of shoes for our toddler.  We absolutely love these!  They are light weight and flexible, which is perfect for a little one learning to walk/run.  Unfortunately, their feet grow so fast, he hasnt had much time to get them worn out.  We love these so much, we are going to get him another pair just in a larger size.Our only wish is that it would be nice if they sold these in a wider variety of colors.", "very nice", "alalalala", "Extremely Comfortable shoes. Even if they appear a bit darker in the photo than they really are, the look nice.And, as almost any Nike Shoe, the best when we talk about comfort.Just, a tip: They are ideal for summer. If you want to use it on Winter (as I do) you would probably need a GOOD pair of socks to not suffer the cold!!", "Should've got one size bigger its the size I wear but that style is a little tight", "Husband said he could pry go up two sizes as he normally wears an 11 shoe and they were super snug. Sent them back.", "RIDICULOUSLY TOO SMALL!!! The 11 fits like an 8!!!!!  These shoes do not even come close to fitting like a size 11.", "Overall excellent....Nike normally run small so I was surprised when I sized up and they were a little sung gear tha usual.  I would not change should stretch out.", "Exactly what I expected. I read the previous posts about the shoe being narrow...which is correct so I ordered appropriately and the shoe fits great.", "He had wanted a pair of these because I have a similar pair and he loved them. He has them on as soon as his feet hit the floor in the morning and they will be going to Florida very soon.", "Only complaint it that the soles are cheapky made and are starting to wear down too quickly, other than i love them.", "Fits true to Nike sizing, small. Unfortunately they don't make these in a 15. Otherwise they weigh next to nothing, they grip really well outdoors in snow and grass, a bit slippery on hardwood.", "If you wear a size 10 1/2 (medium width), do not order these in a size 11. They will be too small.  Otherwise, the shoe would have been nice for wearing in casual situations. However, I'm not sure how much support the sole would give. So I don't know if they could be long wearing,", "Everything was great", "I wear a 10.5 to 11 and don't have wide feet. So looking at the reviews I went with a size or 2 bigger than normal. I would have been fine with 11's but the 12's will do.Super comfortable, casual, slip ons. Way better than my cardboard bottomed Vans.Get the right size and you will love these. Get the wrong size and the return for right size then be happy!", "Size was way too small.  Order 1 size bigger and you should be all set.  Other than that, they look nice.", "However, the item is not BLACK based on description. The item is very comfortable but the bottom of the shows feels like a slipper and may be easily worn if worn too often. Would recommend for light use but my GOD its fits my foot like a condomn", "I wear a 10 in Nike shoes typically but these were so small I barely got my foot in them.", "awesome!", "To small need to get a size bigger", "Great look and feel, but the rubber on the sole of the shoe is wearing away quicker than expected", "They look great and are very comfortable. They do run a hair small but not a deAl breaker. I love them.", "loved the idea", "I really feel a size bigger would be too big. I'm comfortable with it. I love the style and so does my wife.", "Love these shoes, very comfortable.", "The shoes came small when i ordered the size super big and they dont look like how they showed it to be its made of cheap fabric and very flimsy", "I've owned 2 pairs of these now. One was a different style but these are much more &#34;fancy&#34; looking. These can be an everyday shoe or something a little more dresser if you keep them nice. There very light-weight so if that's what you want 5/5. They are a bit snug but most Nike's are. I love not wearing shoes but when i have to, these are the go too! Very minimal and feels great. Highly recommend these shoes. Lots of complimentsSide-note-Color's listed by amazon are very miss leading.", "I had to read the reviews to know that I had to order one size bigger and I'm glad I did. These nike slip on's fit perfect.The only down fall is that the bottom of the show wears out extremely fast. Definitely poor quality. But other than that I love these shoes and they are stylish too.", "Wore these 10 times and had a rip on the outsole of the foot above a seam. Very disappointed in this product.", "I buy Nike normally, but this requires to buy it one size bigger.VERY comfortable tho.Nice for warmer weather.", "Love them but last year I bought the same shoes at a local shoe store for $20.00 so not real impressed with the cost!", "I liked the shoe but didn't know they were going to run in a small size than actual size", "The product was not the quality that I I expected from Nike. The shoes are uncomfortable. I will wear them anyway but will not enjoy it to the extent expected.", "Excellent shoes but runs very small, I ordered for my husband and he usually wears a 9 so I ordered a 10to be safe and they were still to small, not sellers fault, they shipped quick and easy, just if anyone orders be sure to order bigger than normal size.", "Not true to size!  If you are a size 14 you need a 15....", "Run small, get a bigger size. Great for slip on after golf or around the house. Good for price though.", "I've been wearing the Sanuks for several years. I saw the Nikes and appreciated the cleanliness of the seams. Sanuks are frayed and way more casual looking.The quality is real nice, but I saw that they ran small, so I ordered the next size larger. They fit but were tight. Typical of Nikes , I wouldn't recommend these to anyone wearing a wide of any fashion. If you wear a medium or narrow, just order a full size larger.Mine fit much better once I snipped the elastic and wore them a bit, they stretched out some. However, I'd order another pair of Sanuks if I had to do it over.", "I wear a 10-10.5 and I'm a consistent 10.5 in all normal Nike shoes. I ordered these in size 11 and they are way too small! be aware that these shoes are SUPER NARROW. the 11's fit fine in the toe and heel but they are super tight in the middle part of the foot. so I'll be returning for the 12's.it seems crazy that I would need a size 12 when I'm a 10.5 in all other Nike products but it is what it is I guess.beyond the sizing issue, these look and feel great. they aren't a sturdy shoe but I assume you know that when you purchase.wish me luck on the exchange!", "This shoe really looks good with a pair of nice jeans. We don't play golf but my husband likes Nike. I seen them and for the price they are a really good purchase. I'm going to order him another pair because he wears these all the time. Good purchase!", "Cheaply made. $15 value!!  The nike logo is all these socks have goin for them. I do not suggest this product!!", "Way too small.  Will go up a size  otherwise look cool returned to store. Try again n future. Nike becoming inconsistent", "nice shoes, i read where they fit small, so i ordered one size larger and they're just a lil big, so id stick to your normal size when ordering, maybe a half size larger, but thats it.", "These shoes were very tight, glad I got a 1/2 larger than most shoes. I think they'll give after I wear them a bit. The sole is real comfortable and over all shoe is light weight. I'd get another pair if I could find them.", "Great shoe...good looking and comfortable. They run unusually small and narrow, so at least one if not two sizes larger than normal would work. maybe a little more expensive than I would've paid in a store.", "Comfortable ,but slightly tight if you have wide feet like I do. I would buy another pair if it was slightly wider.", "Waaaay too small. Even order 1.5 size larger to accommodate after reading all of the reviews and still couldn't get my foot in.", "As all other reviews state, buy one size bigger as they do run small. Other than that, they were as expected.", "I bought these for my son.  He says they're very comfortable, but fit a little tighter than his other shoes that are similar.", "My Own fault, I wear more of an 11.5 - and the 11 size is a bit small for me.  But very comfortable and well made.", "I THINK ARE MADE BUT NOT VERY SENT ME THE COLOR THAT WANTED BUT NO MATTER ALL IS WELL VERY", "Go a size up, if not your feet will be hurting.", "I wear a 12 and it fit nicely. I love em. Get one size bigger. Comfey and cozy shoes to lounge in.", "How do I take them back? I've been trying for a week and no responses. Please let me know thanks.", "I wear a size 10 in any shoe and I ordered a size 10 and it still didn't fit me", "Great shoe just too small. I requested to exchange for a larger size. The shoe really felt good on my feet, also my young kids liked them as well.", "very comfortable, fits perfect. I can used it all day long. I will buy another pair in other color. excelet purchase", "great shoe, much more comfortable than Sanuks!! lightweight! I don't golf but I love these shoes and recieved many compliments on them!!", "After reading several other reviews saying that this shoe runs small, I ended up ordering a 1/2 size larger than I wear. This was about right-on. It's true that they do run a bit small (mostly in terms of how narrow they are). Despite this, if you order about 1/2 of a shoe size larger than you actually wear, this is a fantastic casual summer shoe!", "They run really small and really tight.", "I have bought 2 nike shoes already and I think that the 10 size is smaller than another shoes that I bought before in a not virtual store", "i've had a pair of nike ever sence i can remember. these black & whites are one of the hottest i've ever had, rite up there with my first pair of jordons.", "I use these shoes to do Turbo Fire indoors. They give me enough range of movement so that I feel comfortable with my workout.", "I bought these for my husband or Christmas and was looking for some unique shox with a little green on them for Oregon ducks. He gets so many compliments on them! The color is great and they never stay dirty because you can just wipe them off. They were a little tighter than his previous shox when he first tried them on but I think it's the stiffer material because they quickly loosened up once worn.", "I bought these for my son and he absaloutly loves them, color and all.He really likes the fact that they are not the mesh type", "I ordered these expecting that the size 12 that I usually get would fit, these are very small my son wears a size 11 1/2 and these are the exact same size as his....Shoes look awesome but this pair at least was on the small side. Really no harm because my son gets another pair for himself. This is a Nike problem not the seller...The shoes are labeled as a 12", "Beautifull as expected. Just in time and fit well. Good Shipment. The green Combine with my motorcycle ninja 300 kawasaki", "very good", "Never could find my size but I really liked this shoe. Looks as if this type of Nike Shoe runs a little small.", "the product is being returned the heel on the left shoe cuts into my foot even though it is the correct size could be the hard outer layer the shoe is made of.", "These are Great Cleats - Using them for Ultimate Frisbee.  They are Getting the job done.  Would order again next time.", "They look great but unfortunately they were to tight.  We ended up buying at another store but look forward to our credit.", "My son been bugging me for these jordans since we seen them in the mall I was not able to find his size anywhere so I headed on line and wala.", "A great tennis shoe very comfortable , my feet feel great no more pain, I work at a office all day, in the evenings I run a gym, from 4pm until 8 pm, so you can see why , I rate these shoes so high, very well padded!!!!", "These shoes are amazing. The linen exterior is super soft and I love the hologram accent. These shoes are definitely one of a kind and so comfortable. I would recommend these to anyone.", "So comfortable and the hologram looks awesome. Get lots of compliments when I wear these. They are a little tight to slide on, but totally fine once your foot is in. I normally wear an 8.5 but got these in a 9 and they fit perfectly", "I was really excited to find these in my size, as I have to get half a size larger with Nike's, and 10.5 isn't always easy to find. I ordered these as soon as I found them. They just came today, and I a supremely disappointed. While I now realize that I am partially at fault for not realizing the description clearly states the color, I was under the assumption I was getting what is shown (white/pink). Be aware that what you are buying is NOT what is shown here! They are black/grey/orange in color. I will be returning the ones I received.", "Great fit a little snug at first but the second time I wore them they were great and comfortable. Excellent customer service", "I'm happy with them now, at 1st they were kinda hard to get used to up at the toe, I like them and wear them all of the time, very comfortable!", "I bought this tennis shoes , I love it but unfortunately was too small for me :(  I had a good experience with the return , good Company.  You can trust 100%  :)", "These shoes are awesome  I Love them they are very comfortable and I love the color of them to.  Great!!", "I love the shoes but Im having to return them for a bigger size...fit to tight across toes...but love the color", "I've been wearing nike shox for about five years now and I've loved them but this shoe is terrible! I don't know if it's because this has less cushioning or what but I've worn them three times now and I'm still feeling pain in the bottom of my heels. These shox are super hard. Nothing like my previous nike shox. I'm starting to wonder if these are Chinese clones.", "Since bein seen in these I feel like I brought back the One's for my town,  AIR F ONES to be exact! These r hot & get attention yards away. Look, get You a nice sexy pair of jeans, and matching shirt an watch and you can't lose. Might I suggest a Nike shirt with the same royal-ish blue and ya good!", "everything is good ,,i like it . shipping was fast, and the item has good quality ....it's a little bit too big for 8 and half,, but it is ok", "I am hard on shoes. Really hard on them. I'm a personal trainer and I work myself over pretty well in the gym. these shoes are more than up to the challenge. Durable with a secure feeling, stable fit - love the 'free' platform. My only regret is that I didn't buy two pair.", "Awesome look'n! Great fit! Very comfortable! Lov'n them!", "This shoe is sooooo comfortable. I have 3 pair and can't go back to any other shoe. Love it!! Love it!!!", "The sneakers fit fine. But the only thing is that nike sneakers are narrow and sometimes the sneaker is too tight in the front.  But besides that it fits fine.", "ExelentExcellent product very happy whitty it, Excellent cuality, and feet me perfect, is a nice buy and very confortable. Thanks", "A little wide at the toe and forefoot and the air bubble is deceiving. Shoes are not comfortable.  Don't play in them.", "I couldn't find these particular sneaker anywhere - I was a little late in looking for them - they were a present for my son so finding them here was just what I needed - my son is very happy with them and we received them so fast! And at a reasonable price", "The Lebron X's are some of the best basketball shoes I've ever owned and I grew up a sneakerhead collecting Jordans, Pennys, Barkleys, and any others shoes of collectible interest. I bought this pair of shoes to wear but I always keep in the back of my head that these could possibly be worth alot of money in three-five years so I try to keep them in good condition and I keep all boxes in D.S. condition. So to say the least I was extremely disappointed when my package arrived from F.S. Fashions and the box was completely trashed. First of all the box was wrapped in what I would describe as a white/blue-ish trash bag, covered in tears, with a box inside that looked like it had been tossed through a garbage disposal. Now I know this is a minor complaint but anyone that collects kicks knows they are worth little to nothing without the box and worth drops considerably when the box is in bad condition so receiving it that way is a little bit of a bummer, thats essentially the only thing keeping me from rating 5 stars. Shoes 5 stars. Packaging/Delivery 2 stars.", "I love the slides! Exactly like the pictures shown on the site. It's hard to find an online service that delivery  with quality butthis one is great. I would definitely recommend this product to everyone!!", "I got this item as a gift for my brother who is in Dubai. He loved it immediately. He was so thrilled after wearing it that he never took it off except for the office and going to bed. It's still on him. It's been 3 months now.", "Shoes were a little pricey but I guess that was to be expected.  Very comfortable and nice looking.  Pretty colorful.", "The was an excellent purchase and worth the money.  It fits well and looks great on my friend's feet.  Well done.", "got this shoe can't say if i made the mistake or not but when the shoe reach it was a half size to small, so i'll have to get it sell and see about get thing  another shoe..", "This tank was nice but i kinda is long on a short body creating an illusion of a tummy. Tank is just okay.", "I used to run with the Free Run+ 2.  Those shoes are amazing and when they got to a point where they were too worn, I decided to give these a try.  I bought these from a local Nike store and wore it once to the gym.  Every time I centered the tongue, as soon as I took a couple of steps, they would shift way outwards. Unlike the other Free Run+ or Free+, the tongue is not attached to the body of the shoe. So if you are thinking about buying this shoe, keep this in mind. The shoe itself is comfortable, but with the tongue shift at the back of my mind, I can't focus on anything else. Avoid these, buy the Nike Free 5.0+. They are very comfortable and the tongue is attached.", "Pretty fresh kicks! Helped me run from the five-o on a few occasions when i wuz kickin it wiff my boyz.", "When I paired this purchase with a new pair of socks - my run feels like it is on clouds", "According to my 150# son, these football cleats are very comfortable, with good traction.  Unfortunately there appears to be a design flaw with how the rear rectangular cleats are connected to the shoe.  In 5 weeks he has snapped some of the rear cleats off at the base on two different pairs of shoes.  The cleats seem to be held in place with two thin metal posts, each the thickness of the lead in a pencil.  I am guessing that perpendicular force placed on the side of the cleat when making cuts snaps the thin metal posts and the cleats fall out.  He didn't walk on hard surfaces, just used them on grass and artificial turf.When I returned the second pair today, the shopkeeper told me he has already received about 20 pairs returned with the same problem.", "I ordered size 7 its ok but i rather buy 7.5 ,i thought all shoes the same sizes ,usually i bought 7 in all my NIKE shoes,so if u buy this you rather order bigger than your size,anyway ,i have a lot of compliments at work though", "So 1st of let me advise you I have wide feet so I generally have to get a size up just to accommodate with that being said these fit perfectly with the exception of the very top of the shoe (the part that wraps) is a little tall and was really tight like take 5 min to squeeze into it once my foot is in its comfortable but taking it off takes another 5  min now the design is great matched to a tee from the picture and if you bend the show the black design hides that extremely well so overall a great buy", "Love them! I've had these shoes before so I knew they ran small, I wear a size 6 so I ordered a 7.", "You can even feel the breeze move through the shoe. I haven't put a lot of miles on them yet, but so far, they've been exactly what I want in a running shoe.", "They're hot. Everything I expected. Fast shipping.", "Super light and comfortable", "Very confortable and light. It feels like I'm not using shoes.Definetely one of the best basketball shoes I have bought.", "I get a lot of compliments on these shoes and they look great. If I want to wear something comfortable for the day, however, i reach for something else. They are well made but for Nike shoes they just don't fit that good. Maybe they need more break in time but you should definitely try these on before buying.", "My son really likes how these shoes fit and perform.", "These are fantasic basketball shoes, the lightest I've ever had. theyre not the most comforable so if ur planing on just wearing these shoes around theyre not for you but i didnt buy them for comfort anyway. They have great grip on indoor courts and all around great indoor basketball shoes.", "Good", "somewhat new but yet they seemed to be tried on in store which i did not like so much at all!!", "These shoes fit great.  They have an elastic type inner glove that wraps around the foot and keeps the shoe in place as you move.  Feels like walking on air because you are.", "I use these to train with INSANTY and don't wear them outside of my garage, so I could care less, but just so you know, they have &#34;Palm Trees&#34; on the tongue and a cruise ship on the sole... It's like a &#34;Miami, Florida&#34; vacation concept... lol.Anyway, for training, I LOVE THIS SHOE! It's the most comfortable shoe ever and it's like training on a matress.", "These shoes are great. I like shoes with a simple color design and these are not only comfy, but sharp to look at.", "My son had been looking for this color (match school football uniform) and he wears a size 13 which you can't always find that size locally. I checked Amazon and sent him the pic. He said ok and I placed the order. They have already been through a football season and they still look great. Thank you Amazon & Nike", "I love everything about these cleats. I got these for my adult flag football league and I couldn't be happier with how they perform and how they look.", "perfect For Off Season training, Very Light And Comfortable For Speed. We Will Definitely Order Another Pair In The fall", "hard to find , great wearing boots for our job as roofers , we have bought 5 pair but they do last quite a while .", "this is a very nice pare of shoes , my regular size in nike is 40.5, i ordered 41 its a little bit larger as i expected. there are great ,the color is a little bit more purple and there are comfortable off cource!!the only negative is that the delivery late !!", "I really like these shoes, they are comfortable and really cute.  They are sleek, without being minimalist; they are fully supportive running shoes.  However, the back comes up a little high and is uncomfortable on the back of my heel after extended wear.  I've only worn them a few times and did not have any problems during a work out or run, only after, and even then there is much less discomfort now then the first time I wore them, so I think they will be fine after awhile.  Also I have owned Nike running shoes my whole life and also some cross trainers and I always wear the same size, always.  These seemed a little snug when they came in and my toe was close to the front.  The second time I worked out in them they seemed to loosen up a bit and when I ran in them after that they were fine.  However if I had not bought them online I would have gone a half size up.  They still seem snug compared to my other nikes.  Also the top part of the shoe that is white is actually see through.  I didn't realize it until I put them on with my neon socks and could see the stripes from my socks through the top of my shoe.  I don't mind it, I actually like the neon yellow socks with the neon yellow part of the shoe.  It's actually kind of nice to be able to see the socks that I bought because they had cute colors, especially since the shoes themselves are not colorful!Overall I really like them and would recommend this shoe.  (Other review have mentioned the fabric ripping, if I experience this I will definitely update this review.)", "i guess this shoe was made for wide feet, its a little to wide for me, but i like them and only paid like $40 so guess i'm gonna wear them", "These shoes are really comfortable, have held up pretty well. I wear them all the time for coaching, and have worn them to run a couple of miles with the students. Good shoe.", "I always run with pegasus. This model is very confortable and very nice.!! Everybody ask me about them! may be is about the color. jajaja", "Have wore the Nike Pegasus model of shoes for more than 10 years and they have been my only choice for running....logged many many miles as an active duty Soldier wearing them for physical fitness training every morning.", "I wear a 10/10.5 I have a 10.5 superhero edition and they fit awesome!! They are so light like your not wearing anything at all!! They are also so breathable that your feet just stay comfy and dry", ".This is one of the most comfortable shoes u can buy it feels as if I'm not walking with shoes on but a very comfortable pad under my feet when I'm walking", "Son loves his shoes and just what he needed for football. He states are comfortable and wears well. Thanks you", "The Nike Air Zoom Super Bad 3 D, is a great Football shoes. But, i do not play the game, so listen to the guys that play the game and hear what they said in their nike review. So fallow the Link to some great reviews. [...]", "They fit as expected and were great quality! I would definitely recommend these Jordan Play In These II Men's Basketball Shoes!", "Lunar Air force fit just like regular Air force. A truly amazing and stylish shoe. Air Force 1 run a little big.", "Always like air forces and these lunar ones is something different so I had to get them. Air Force ones are always a good choice.", "I received in a very timely manner. The packaging is good. The shoes fit in very well.I only use it once for my basketball game, it works out good, very comfortable.", "Have had all GREAT compliments about my new shoes!", "i just got these sneakers and they are awesome! i love how light weight they are. i've played 28 hours in these shoes and they look and feel brand new i even wear these daily. i would recommend these to all basketball players and people who want bright comfortable sneakers.", "I bought these shoes for the wife and when she recieved them, she loved them. She wears a 7 in Boys and that is what I ordered for her, but she said they were a bit tight and that she will have to break them in. Other than that, the delivery was fast and had no problems.", "These are the first pair of Nike's I have owned in some time and I am very happy with them.  They are a great looking shoe and they are very versatile in terms of what you can wear with them.  I wear a size 12 and they fit perfectly. The only cons I can think of is that they are surprisingly stiff (which makes wonder if they are a knockoff and the only reason I am giving 4 stars, although I could be wrong) and that the white part of the shoe is a material that won't be easy to clean if they are to get scuffed.  Either way, I love the color scheme and have already received tons of compliments on them.  If you are a shoe enthusiast such as myself then these are a must have.  They are super fresh!!", "I recently attended a professional basketball game and wore these great low key boots with my jeans.  All of the crowd near me kept commenting on how good my shoes looked and asking me where did I get them.  Great color and shoe Nike", "I love these shoes for a casual day shopping or brunching/lunching on the weekendsThey are surprisingly comfortable but the laces are kind of hard to do at the ankle but that should be easier once they are worn in but easily replaceableThese were a steal for a classic look I would definitely recommend this", "I really like these Roshes. They feel exactly like the regular ones. IF you are scared of purchasing shoes from Amazon, as I was before, you shouldn't worry. These came in perfectly and fitted very nicely. Try to fit some roshe's in your local store before purchasing.", "their is not thing bad i can say about this shoe it fit great i just love how this shoe fit the colour was the right one...", "I should say my nephew loves them, the look on his faces was the best ever, when he opened them up. He says they fit great and look great.", "Good sneakers arrived on time and fit as expected.", "This is a very nice shoe it came right on time as said it would and every where I go people stare at my feet lol...buy buy buy if u can worth every pennies", "I just want to know if they are fake and if they are real jordans cause I don't want to purchase them nd there ffake", "I LOVE, I LOVE, I LOVE THAT'S ALL I CAN SAY.  TRY THEM. ABSOLUTELY BUY THEM YOU WILL LOVE THEM.", "This shoe is hard to find where I live so I'm very happy I was able to purchase and the size fits perfectly.", "Thank You so much.  Your shipment was swift, and I am sorry it has taken me a little later for me to write my Report. I am very pleased with my purchase. They fit my girls feet perfectly and she loves the color. I don't remember the dates, but I do remember that the shoes came in on the exactly when the estimated time of arrival was. Thank you again, I definitely recommend your site to purchase from.  Much appreciated.", "I am very pleased with the air jordan 5 (GS) grapes, that I bought for my son. They fit hhim great and he loves them. Thank you..", "Love love love my J's!! I'm a size 9 in women and purchased size 7Y,  the shoe fit great. Sometimes when shoes are men or boy sizes they shoe looks big on a women's foot, however my foot looks small in this shoe, so I'm very happy with the size and they way they look. Beautiful style and very comfy.", "Grandson told me he loved them they were one of his favorite presents. I have three Grandson's and 1 Granddaughter but she has disability with her feet so it requires to purchase two pairs of shoes. But yes I would recommend product to others", "My son loves these shoes by the pull tie still has him a little baffled. I thought these were basketball shoes to wear while he plays but it turns out they are not really for games just a 'fashionable' shoe to wear to school.", "Perfect", "Can't beat Nike for comfort.  You can stand in this for hours without feet pain.  Worth the price, buy it!", "All da ladies be noticing my feet now, I glide the p'ment. Some even call me Ken now...I'm so lucky.", "Bought this for my nephew and he states he is very pleased with these sneakers.No other comments are required", "everyone's on these sneakers and the color just makes them very noticeable. I love them. I think for the price you I couldn't have gotten a better pair of shoes anywhere.", "After looking in the stores with no success for weeks, I told my husband we can just order these online. He is a size 11 and buying them online in that size was the only way we found them. He says they fit different from a regular show and are heavy but he wears them almost every day. He also said that these are definitely shoes you do not want to work out in.", "Hello I would just like to say thank you so much, My husband just received his sneakers today on Valentine's Day as expected. I am so happy that the product are just like the picture. Thanks a million.", "I love the air max 95s, and im a sneakerhead in general. I love this color scheme because it just screams different!!! Besides being a beautiful shoe its super comfortable because the airmax 95 forms to your foot. It matches my clothes , looks sexy on my feet, and is comfy, no complaints here.", "I would recommend this shoe to any sneakerhead as a daily-wear or knock-around shoe. The speckled sole helps the shoe keep its &#34;fresh out of the box look. The pink on the tongue is very noticeable, so if you are sensitive to that you might want to go with a different color way.", "I LIKE THE RUNNING SHOE BUT IT FITS A BIT TIGHT AND I HOPE IT WILL STRETCH OUT IN TIME", "AWESOME I ENJOY THESE KICKS AND FRESH NOT DIRTY AT ALL. I WOULD WANT TO ORDER ANOTHER PAIR FROM AMAZON", "They look soo beautiful, everyone have to look at my shoes. They are the most comfortable pair of tennis shoes that I have ever had. And maybe the most beautiful.", "It was a xmas Gift for my mother who is actively in Zumba and Spin and she 60 so she loved them !!!", "i LOVE THE SHOES BUT THEY ARE TOO SMALL AND OF COURSE THE NEXT SIZE WAS NO LONGER AVAILABLE...BUMMER SO SAD", "The stock image for these looks brown/grey, but in reality they were blue/grey, which looks way better. Very happy with them.", "Fits perfectly ,love the blue laces and blue nike swoosh.Really comfortable.Would buy it again in a heart beat.just do it !!!", "These are the most comfortable shoes Nike ever made. It's too bad they do not continue making me huarache as they once did back in the early 90s and now again in 2012. The colors are great!", "This is the second of this exact shoe I purchased a year ago for my birthday.  I've discovered that Nike running shoes no longer fit me to size.  I've been a solid 10 all my life, and still wear a 10 in all other shoes and boots.  But with Nike running shoes (note I don't have a problem with basketball shoes), I've had to &#34;size up&#34; to a 10.5.  Most brick & mortar retailers do not sell 10.5, so I've had to go internet.  These shoes are very comfortable and I like the colors very much - what you see is exactly what you get.  Also I've never seen anyone else with this shoe in this color - I like that!  They do seem to be a dirt magnet this time around, but maybe I'm running more!", "This was a present for my husband.  Not only did he love the color but they are extremely comfortable.  He was happy.", "These shoes were very good item to buy and the price wasn't to bad shipping was great and overall I was happy with the purchase....", "These pics are of my shoes. (Thats my black Sectional too )lol THESE ARE NOT THE ONES YOU WILL BE RECEIVING I PROMISE. :))", "I've had these over a year now. Still holding up. A daily wear shoe. Fit comfortable right out of the box. Love them.", "Love,love,love so beautiful,they standing out love all the colors and How outstanding they are,love when Nike make something that alot of people do not have...love", "I wear air Max all the time. I have never bought them online. I bought on Amazon because I have bought other items and was very pleased. Even returning something is very easy. The problem with these sneeks is that when I wore them to the gym they were big and I thought they would  only get bigger as time goes on. I was wondering maybe they were seconds but it did not say that in the description. I tried to return them and they will not exchange or refund any item that were worn. Now I am stuck with a pair of sneeks I can't wear and they so exepensive. I will never buy sneeks online again!", "I have bought dozens of Nike running shoes over the years, most of them are really good.  Not this one!  It isn't worth the price.", "My son loves these shoes and the stains wipe right off! Especially when you're buying white shoes for a 7 yr old boy", "super cool shoes. Looks exactly how it does on picture only thing is that it is kind of a wide shoe. so if you have small feet you might want to get half a size lower than what you are. Also the rubber is supper durable and after about a month of wearing the shoe the rubber barely is worn down at all. Over all this shoe is super sweet and looks great with caky shorts or blue jeans.", "The shoe (for my son) fit somewhat large.The first day he write them to practice he got a blister. Didn't have time to send back. Seriously doubt, (this was the first time) I'll be ordering does off line in the future.", "Nice color ,nice fit nice brand what else can i say i like like like like it and it durable", "nike are usually a bit smaller than other brands, which is why I ordered 1/2 size larger. but in this case I should have ordered my usual size.", "My husband absolutely loves them and thinks they are too cool.  I will be looking for more of these in different colors.", "I bought this because I missed the old nike low dunk premiums. This was a nice alternative, but nothing beats the old dunk lows.", "Thank you for bring back this design.I have been looking for a pair of the 180s since my original pair in the 90s.Love them.  Actually bought two pairs.", "Product shipped quickly from retailer and when I got them I was amazed at how much better they looked in person.  Just put them on this weekend and the compliments came from young and old admirers of the shoes.  PRICELESS!!!!!!!!", "They are spectacular, ultimate fashion and comfortable. This is tha last model in this referente of Nike. The size is perfect, I am 7 but buy a hal size more for sport shoes, I use thick socks to protect my feet and It works.This shoes are beautiful and perfect to do exercise.", "The color and the material is perfect. Like it so much, even if it's a little bit tight when first worn.", "Love these kicks. Get compliments everywhere I go. They alsob put together quite well, not the most comfortable shoes though.", "I bought this for my friend and he loves it.....it fits well looks great came brand new will buy sneakers from this supplier again!!!!", "The air max 1 is hands down my favorite shoe. As a huge collector, this shoe will be cherished forever. And perfect mesh material for the hot summer days.", "glorious. so comfortable and the colors are off the chart! The hyper mesh fits a little nicer than the regular Air Max 1  - overall a great shoe and I really like it!", "good", "Delivery was fast and shoe was awesome. Will definitely be on the look out for different colors.! My husband loved the fit.", "My son is very happy with his new Nike tennis!, and he use them to go out with hi friends.", "These Nike's are super cute and comfy.  I ordered a 8 1/2 which fit but seem a tad to large probably because of the mesh material,  could of gotten away with a size 8.  Anyhow these shoes are cute.", "They run true to size, and are comfortable. I walk 3 - 6 miles 5 days a week and these shoes fit the bill for that activity.", "Using them to play basketball very good sneaker. Would buy again. Don't know what else you want me to say?", "These sneaks were a little big in the toe region and had a crease across the front 1 hr after wearing them nike is a good company but this series is no good", "Love this shoes, I will buy them again in diferent colors. You have to try them they are the best.", "I saw this jacket in person in London, England & loved it; but the store did not have my size. When I found it on here I had to buy it! When I opened it and saw it knew it was not the same jacket that is pictured. Mine is very similar but the picture is incorrect or the sent me the wrong one?", "Price was right and shipping was ok.", "I bought these shoes for my athletic13 year-old son who doesn't like to tie his shoes.  At first he was skeptical of shoes without laces, but now he loves them.", "My son needed sneakers to train for his track team.  He really likes them.  They are comfortable and looks great.", "I bought these as a gift for my son.  The size is as expected.  They are comfortable and he loves the look.  I don't think they would be great for running as there are no laces to adjust the fit.  However they are great for walking around and as casual shoes.", "We loves the cleats. I love watching him play! With pads and cleats, watch them play one of theAllMy son loves these clesa", "these shoes fit good, leather in the inside, the only problem I have is the sail color the bottom sole is like a cream color but you almost cant tell the difference in some light! Will be buying the red pair", "Fits true to size, very comfortable. I have several pairs in different colors of the suede material as I find them to be the most comfortable of the Nike Air force range", "My husband was very happy. They are perfect and came with a second set of laces like they're supposed to.", "These are a great pair of shoes!! Got them 2 days before the date said!! They were worth the money and my son loves them!!!!", "Bought these as a christmas present for my son. He loves them. They look a bit big but when I asked him he said they were perfect. If you have teen age boy you know they would rather wear them big than go down a size. So they were a hit.", "The tongue is not detached which makes it tight, hard to get in and out. It is a bigger challenge if u wear ordox.  I really like the design, the color and how light it is", "The tongue of the shoe is sewn in, so there's no room for adjustment. I have high arches. It was something I didn't even consider when purchasing. I had a pair of the Lunarswift's and they were great. I ended up cutting them to make it work because it would be more money to ship them back, etc.", "Simply beautiful got lots of compliments and very very comfortable for being on my feet 12 hours a day.", "Love the shoes", "Really love this Nike air max shoe! I have this shoe in multiple colors. It is a great lightweight shoe!", "My son of 15, totally lives it.  Hes getting another pair.", "Son loves them...really bright.", "Nice looking shoe, fits great", "My 3 year old nephew can put these on himself.  These shoes are GREAT.  I highly recommend them. I will definitely buy them again.", "Product was as described and fit very well.  A great product at a good price.", "These made my 2 year old be able to dunk and he looks like a cool dude too.  True story.", "I both these as a gift for my grandson, so my review is based on how much he likes them - and he likes them a lot. Fit was exactly as they should have been, shoe looks and feels well built. That bright read look would probably not work for me, but they look great on him.5 stars for Amazon. Great price, great shipping.", "The shoes fit to size, and have taken the wear and tear brought on by an active 11-year-old very well.", "this are cool looking shoes i dont have them yet but i am DEFINITLY getting them so it would be a good idea to get them.", "sure to check the SIZE of the watch, some styles are pretty large and if the guys wrist isn't large it looks a little silly. Most of the items do have a sizing picture for you to compare, just measure a known watch you have to get a perspective.", "I am very happy with my new nike shox shoes.the shoes came very fast to my house,so happy with my new shoes ,thank you very much.", "I love a good pair of Nike- especially when they are on sale. The issue with this particular shoe is in the front (the widest part of your foot). I wear a size 10 in all of the Nike shoes I can ever remember buying. I have never had a size issue with Nike. This shoe is way tight up front. I have tried wearing them as much as possible hoping to loosen them up to no avail.", "Be Careful, they run small and narrow. I had a previous pair Shox and loved them. Not sure what to do with them now!", "Shoes were what I expected, good color, good material, arrived on time, recommend this seller. I bought them for my nephew, we were a little big but no matter", "Cool shoes for boys, nice color, beautiful design and very good quality. My son liked so much. I recommend 100%", "Never buy expensize shoes since they outgrow them so fast!  Great price on these so we tried them out... He loves em!", "This is our 2nd pair, just in a different color of the Nike Junior Mercurial shoes....my son loves these shoes!  It's a style thing and competitive sports thing, but he loves the crazy colors and the Nikes are so well made!", "wonderful", "Durable Nike sneak for active daughter with growing feet. Plenty of support for running, jumping and biking.", "My son saw these cleats in Sports Authority, but they never seem to have his size. So I ordered them off of Amazon and they are perfect. They fit as expected. I think that Nike's cleats tend to run a little bit bigger compared to Adidas. As for the cleats the colors are brilliant. I think the photo does not do it justice as it shows a lot of the orange. On the other side of the cleat the green from the front of the actually progressively blends into a really nice blue. The bottom of the cleat seems like it should provide good traction, but they haven't been tried outside yet.", "my son loved these shoes and they are so bright you need to wear shades to look at them!  He wears them every day, not just soccer", "Good quality my son had no problem with them he is a teen so that speaks for something especially since teens today very picky", "I was told that back in the day, this sneak was a must have, wheather you could play basketball or not. Now having them on my feet, I know why.", "I had all whites as a kid and loved them - there are a still as great as they every were!", "Nike is still number ONE, My Air Force 1's are a requirement for Summer, an oldie but goodie.  Keep them coming Nike.", "These shoes are always a classic.  Have to have a pair of these in your closet. These are a must. You can always look so fresh and so clean with a pair of crisp white Nike 1s.  They are never a dissapointment.", "was recommended these federer shoes by a friendand bought them on a whim without trying them on....something i almost never dobut i figured i would just return them if they didnt fit welltook em out of the box...been wearing em ever since. they are ridiculously comfortable and fun to wearand quite sexy!", "I received item in great condition and I received an awesome deal on these Nikes Thank you. I love the quality of product.", "great for those narrow feet out there...these shoes are good for poor arches and achy feet, i like the color", "I really liked the support, but the shoe was too small. Returned for full refund.The construction and finish of the shoe is really nice. I'm going to have to try them on in a store.", "The shoe is cute don't get me wrong but it does no good to me sitting in the bottom of my closet because it is so small ... I wear a 7 in Nike and am a runner so size matters .. this shoe is crazy small and so tight on my foot I returned it.  Go with something different or get this in a whole size bigger", "It is very comfertable and stylish i love these shoes so much and I'm glad I got them.i injoy them alot", "Great fit and great colour my son loves it. I will recommend this to any one it colour looks better in person", "These shoes are adorable, got a pair for myself and my sister; everyone keeps asking where they were purchased, the color is even better in person. Great purchase!", "I got these for my Nephews birthday, they are even cuter in person!  Cant wait for baseball season so he can wear them with pride :)", "This was a gift for my husband. He loved them. They fit great. He has been showing them everyone he knows will appreciate them as much as he does.", "The quality of the shoe is poor. I will be sending the shoe back for a full refund. Will not reorder.", "My son loves these.  They are comfortable ... A little pricey .... But they are comfortable ... And really made well!", "Awesome", "super awsome and comfortable shoes for my 3 year old. Steady and slip proof.", "excelente producto", "THE JOY THESE RETRO JORDENS BROUUHT TO MY SON WAS PRICELESS IT TOOK A LIL LONGER TO RECIVE DUE TO WEATHER CONDITIONS WERE THE FACTORS BUT THE END RESULT WAS PRICELESS TO MY SO . I AM SO THANKFULL  ALL OUR THANK KELLY KALLES", "I purchased these sneakers for my son. He really likes the way they fit and look. I must say they do seem to be well made and look pretty good. These shoes seem to have the right balance of form and function. They look good without trying overly hard, if that makes any sense. They seem to last. Long time to. I brought him a second pair of these sneakers, just a different color. The older pair of shoes are used for play and out of school activities. Other than being dirty they are holding up quite well. Not too much when tear noted.", "Had to return them cause the wrong color description,  really cool shoes just pink and too small a size bae", "I have a narrow foot and this shoes fits me well (med width).  It offers good support and it fits high enough on the ankle to offer nice ankle support as well.  i have spent a lot more on tennis shoes that didn't fit of feel as good as this one.", "I always liked the look of the air force one sneaker. Unfortunately they always had the reputation of not being the most comfortable sneaker. To me , Nike has corrected one of its biggest mistakes by using  a much better cushioning system. These are some very comfortable sneakers . The reflective material on the swoosh is pretty cool looking. I look forward to buying another pair of Lunar force sneakers in the future.", "They do not look or feel real...smh got robbed. I will never buy from them again. Don't look like they will last long", "Great shoe! Its really comfortable and fits well! Have have purchased all the pairs as an avid sneaker collector and have not been disappointed", "Excellent throwback sneakers love them if your looking for a good workout & training sneaker these are it . Comfortable an durable", "Just one problem, the right shoe has a piece of material that does not lay flat and it rubs the top of my foot so i had to put a pad over it.", "Best shoes for summer. Wish they were still among them. Not good for walking in sand because of the mess", "is a good product for players of all categories for their nice features that provide time be required. 100% recomended", "I love these. They are low to the ground, light, but very well cushioned. No break-in time required. I have bought another pair since. If it's good for Federer...Delivery was prompt and very good.", "Excellent product. Some small but the sneakers fit perfectly.  The quality is good and the materials are resistant and durable.", "Jordan never lets me down and they arrived really quick. They fit perfect (i always buy one size bigger), true to size.", "My son likes them more than he did when he found them online. He is 13 and this was a gift for being awesome.", "Always my go to for day to day kicks.  Good colors, solid fit.This required amount of words situation is super annoying.", "Came in early enough for me to start me season, they're wonderful and are just truly amazing! Definitely a must buy!!!!!!!!", "This seller has this cleats priced at $230 saying thats the discounted price which is not... the shoe itself is actually $225 full retail price and so he is getting an extra $5 out of you, plus if he was to charge $300 that he has them listed for he is still scamming you out of $75 .........over.......... retail price. Go on the nike.com website and get them from there or your local store thats where i got mine, you can even customize them on the website lol amazon should not allow people to post ridiculous prices on things like that.", "OMG THERE REALLY NICE SHOES, I REALLY LIKE THEM, THERE EXPENSIVE BUT THERE ONE OF MY FAVORITES!!THERE NICE!11", "This is a good item overall, my son has being using these shoes for about three months not and they still in very good shape. I will recommend this item.", "feels great on your feet! light weight. almost like wearing a sock - this has a pros and cons. .", "They are awesome and my nephew would probably wear them all the time if he was aloud! Well worth every cent!!!", "fresh, clean, dope, solid kicks..fits true to size..fresh, clean, dope, solid kicks..fits true to size..must have sneakers..walking on clouds nike flyknit", "They came really fast and I love them fit a little small but next time I'll get a bigger size but I really love them my shoe style for now on", "Love them they are so comfortable. Couldn't be happier withem and the color of the shoes. Made it on Time as promised.", "Great shoes. Love the color. They are very comfortable. I feel like my food has some soft support and I love wearing them around since I have blue eyes.", "My usual size is 7.5, however these sneakers are a bit snug. I am trying them out today for the first time. My toes get occassionally numb. Hoping these are the type of sneakers you must wear in. Love the color though.", "perfect", "Great, stylish and comfortable shoe! It fit and the color in the photo matched the actual tone of the shoe.", "I ordered these on the recommendation of my Egoscue instructor, and couldn't be happier. They support the foot, but you don't even realize you have shoes on! Many kudos to Nike, my feet are so very happy!!", "A friend has the same shoe, so I knew it ran a bit small.  Ordered a half size larger and works well.  Since my very first pair of Free's Ive been searching for something that works as well for me.  This was close, but not quiet.  I work 12 hour shifts in a hospital and these shoes are comfortable for the whole day.", "Shoes arrived in time and are exactly as pictured online. I received a lot of compliments for the burst of colors (purple and bright blue is a great combination). Even though they don't provide enough support, these shoes are super light and easy to run in. True to size.", "Super fast shipping, I'm usually size US7, but from experience I bought half size bigger US 7.5 and fits perfect. Love the color combination, thoroughly recommended.", "I like it and fit as expected and I like the colour and comfortableThis is the first time I brought nike but not the last", "cool&#65281;&#65281;&#65281;good&#65281;excellent&#65281;it fit me very well &#65281;color is good &#65281;comfortable&#65281;and slight&#65281;compared to other store it is better &#65281;the seller has good attitude&#65281;", "The shoes are super light weight. The color is not what is advertised. The color was different when it arrived. I don't recommend the person whom I purchased it from because returns are difficult and shoe is overpriced. After I paid for it, I noticed other sellers who were selling them for much cheaper but the seller wouldn't refund and adjust price. Therefore, shop around for the price and expect shoes to be a little different in color. One good thing is that it is super light so it doesn't feel heavy at all and it doesn't feel like you're wearing running shoes.", "Absolutely LOVE these Nike's! They are beautiful looking in person and fit well. I highly recommend this product to anyone.", "Good walking shoe for me.  Arrived quickly and was color shown.Very comfortable.  I have three pairs in this style now.", "These are the most comfortable runners that I have purchase so farGreat for all classes or runningEveryone wants to buy them from me  :))))", "They weren't new. That is a shame because they were said to be new? Horrible, very very horrible. Don't buy", "These sneakers feel heavy , not as soft as other Grif or Air Max , if you paid more than a 100 you paid to much", "Yellow is actually a gold with a shine. Shoes can fit persons with a wide feet. inside is comfortable. looks great", "Very very very comfortable, its really cushioned compared to other &#34;air maxes&#34;. The material is cool and very easy to clean. The gold is a new colour for me on sneakers....but i like it.", "I found this site on Amazon by accident.  Decided to purchase these hard to find shoes for my grandson when all other attempts to find them locally failed.  Made the purchase on June 11, 2013 via standard shipping and the shoes arrived on June 14, 2013.  Wow!  Never expected them to arrive so quickly.  These Nike Air Jordan 11 Retro Shoes were just as they were described on Amazaon.  Brand new in the box.  What more can you expect.  I even contacted the owner after making the purchase and received an immediate response from him.  The owner of this company is &#34;First Class&#34; in my books and I look forward to doing business with his company again in the future.  Thanks for a great buying experience.  After reading my review if you are in the market for all types of sneakers and specialty shoes don't look any further order them from the ARCH Sneaker Store.", "Love'm! :-) They are very comfortable and look sharp. Very pleased!", "notice I said good not great, loved the color.But still, some times bit clunky and heavy at the front- makes it hard to get off the ground.Especially after 4 Games of pick up", "Because I love Nike and they feel so awsome when I have them on I'm really glad I go these Nike Hyperfuse 2012 !", "Fits well Looks good and feels great I am very happy that I bought them and would do so again in anotheer color", "I cannot wait to find these in different colors. These sneakers are so nice with jeans, shorts and sweats. They are super comfortable too.", "They look and feel great. Look even better in person. I am very satisfied with my order. I even want to get the other colors as well.", "These are nice socks. Very comfortable and a quality product. Ordered these for my son in High School and they were a hit.", "Any legit runners will tell you that Nike shoes are not the way to go. They will last maybe 2-3 months if you actually use them for running. Stick to wearing them for fashion. Nothing matches Nike for that.", "Awesome!!!", "The sneakers don&#34;t have the same color as the picture. After that everything is good, good quality, right zize, its ok", "Great shoe for running or if you have a full day of walking planned.  Well built shoe and will last a long time.", "Have other Max Air and since I've wanted Red, and the price was right thought I'd take advantage of the deal.  But after a lengthy wear of 3 hours I found the heel to be a bit painful.  Nothing unbearable so I'll just select when and where to wear them like I do with all foot wear.", "I recently purchased these to replace some older gym shoes.  These are just what I needed.  Lightweight with great cushioning. I have the black with grey stripe so I can wear with anything.  Will not be my last pair.", "Loving these sneakers! Purchased for work and standing all day in a warehouse makes it easy.....very comfortable and cheap for air max lol", "It was what I expected, they are very comfortable to exercise, you can not feel that you're wearing! Good choice...", "I ordered it 11.5 because I have other Nike shoes 11.5.But in this case due to its material (???), I realize I should have ordered 11.00. Unfortunately I used it 3 times otherwise I would have exchanged it", "I have had Air Max before and this is very comfortable.  Little bit bigger fit than my old pair, but still very good.", "LOOK GREAT AND FEEL VERY COMFORTABLE, WOULD NEVER USE FOR RUNNING BUT FOR HANGING OUTGREAT FIT GREAT LOOK. THANKS", "My husband received many compliments on his shoes the first day he wore them to work!  He says that they fit great and he likes the way they look.", "I received the item as promised and the fit is true to size. The shoe is very light and comfortable.", "My honey man loves them. They were a perfect Father's day gift. I'm so glad we bought them for him.", "THE Nike Men's Air Max Run Lite 5 Gym Red/Blk/Pr Pltnm/Lt Crmsn Running Shoe...WELL, NOTHING WRONG WITH THE SHOE  - WHAT IS WRONG IS THE GAME PLAYING THAT GOES ON WITH THE PRICING FROM THIS SAME COMPANY - ONE DAY IT IS FREE SHIPPING - THE NEXT DAY OR SO YOU AY ONLY BUY THE SAME SHOE IF YOU PAY 8.95 TO SHIP - I SUPPOSE WHAT I AM TRYING TO SAY IS THAT  ALL I WANT TO DO IS ORDER AN EXTRA PAIR BUT I HAVE NOT. WHY? BECAUSE OF THESE GAMES. R.D.A.", "Quality shoe, snug fit, and look great. Very light and comfortable running shoe. I recommend this shoe and a great price!", "A little too narrow. It's easier and much better to try it on in person. In the future I will go to the store when it comes to shoes.", "Awesome shoes!  Very light and very comfortable!  I'm on my feet all day so these are perfect!  Will order again!", "The shoes really hug my feet and give good cushion and support. I stopped short of a perfect score since I will need more time to wear them. So far so good though.", "The shoes were too large, though I usually wear a 10 running shoe.  I returned them for a 9 1/2.  They came today, fit perfectly.  Heading out for a run.", "Great sneaks , light, comfortable, sharp looking, and for the price you wont be disappointed. And they are definitely black in color not green. Thanks", "Someone said they were dark green, negative! Mine were black white charcoal and silver. Get your eyes checked or review your order first next time. I like these shoes so far", "This is a shoe that really fits reall good and very nice looking. It's a very light weight shoe and I love the way it feels on my feet. Would definately recommend this shoe to others.", "This shoe arrived and where it is supposed to be black they are a hunter green color. Nothing in the description says anything about green. They look horrible.  Not very happy.  Would look awesome if they were the colors described.", "These feel a lot like Nike+ on the foot, which is a good thing in my humble opinion.  They are very light-weight.  The fit is what I expect from a Nike size 12.", "Shoes are awesome.Goes with anything .Make your friends envy you lol.No you don't want that lol.Ok you do .", "I just bought these and they are extremely comfortable. The fit is great, and they look cool too.The grip on rugged terrain is excellent. I recommend these to any trail runner. Great buy.", "These shoes look great and feel great. The tread life is what gives this shoe a low rating. I wore these once for a 4 mile run on a treadmill and the soles had significant wear. I couldn't imagine what they would look like after a couple of weeks of road running. Very disappointing.", "I bought these as a birthday gift for my boyfriend and he absolutly loves them. They are really good looking with any outfit and he is always saying how comfortable they are. I am really happy with this purchase.", "Good value for a good shoe", "This item is Excellent, great design, it's made from fabric and plastic , they are no heavy, they are to running", "Bought two pairs of these for a casual shoe because of the comfort. Ahhhh!  BUT, they are a little flimsy. After just a few wearings they show immediate signs of wear and I'm not running in them only running errands. Although they look good I think they are little pricey for the wear quality.  It's a $39 generic shoe not a $75 Nike.", "Are very soft...", "Great pair of shoes very light weight", "I bought this shoes for one of my sons. These are awesome looking, comfy shoes! He loves them!", "I bought these in red for my son a month ago. They are not everyday shoes. Within two weeks he had a hole in the top of the shoe.  Treads were already heavily worn. Returned them to Dicks for a different shoe. Do your research.  Good looking but not for everyday use.", "Know what you are ordering. These are Nike Lite racing shoes. The guy that gave them 2 stars for &#34;showing wear on the sole after one run&#34;. These are not their standard running shoe for daily training - like the Nike Air Pegasus. These are race day shoes. I would wear there for road races only, but train in standard running shoes. The difference in the fit, feel, and weight is noticeable. That said, I like these but should have ordered standard running shoes (perhaps I do better research next time I order online huh?)", "Very confortable, just the right amount of cushion. Light. This is my 4th pair. Bought the first pair and liked them enough to get several colors.", "I liked the fit... Still in the early stages of use. And it's very light, so I like it for running", "Love,love,love them.  They fit as expected. They are so,so ,so flashy and comfortable at same time.  What's not to like?", "very comfy wore it out the store going 10 days nothing but praisecolour true to pic, lovely purplegood for walking, jogging, circuit training, shopping, you name it", "I've bought running shoes before and was skeptical about ordering shoes online because i wasn't sure as to how they'd fit but these are awesome! fit great and so comfortable! highly recommended", "Purchased this pair of running shoes for my husband and he loves it. It was going for a really good price, plus based on the good reviews we read, it was a no-brainer. He says it fits well (true to size) and is very comfortable.", "I did not like: the price of the product is high and size of Nike's different from the rest of the companies and the biggest drawbackI liked: the design of the shoe", "perfect for running", "These Nike's fit great, however the shoes I received were not the same color as the original photo. The original photo was black, blue and orange, but the sneakers I received were gray, blue and orange...", "I needed a new pair of shoes to go hiking and running. This was the perfect shoe because it provides enough padding so it feels like I'm walking on large pillows, but also isn't too chunky. The fit is a little snug (width-wise), but it's true to size. I previously had a few other Nikes, pumas, Adidas, and even the Reebok Realflex. I prefer this shoe over all the others, and would purchase it again (if I ever needed to) - but it looks like I'll have this pair for quite some time.", "Those sneakers are phenomenal. It was love at first site. They are beautiful, comfortable and stylish. They are the best I have owned so far.", "This is light weight, comfort and style all in one!! Love these sneakers!! Receiving tons of compliments in PE!! Thank you!!", "Very cute shoe.  Ordered for my teenaged daughter for track.  Considering ordering me a pair.  I love the color. Daughter was happy with shoes.", "l have been looking for a nike show with a green stripe for a very long time. When I saw this super cute pink and green , I had to go for it. Nike is my shoe of choice. Order true to size. I went up 1/2 a size and they are a little big.", "I bought those shoes about a month ago thinking they were cheap and comfortable and I never had problems with soccer shoes before. I play soccer 3 times a week and within a month I bruised both right and left toenails. I have bruised my toenails skiing in the past but it's the first time I see it happen while playing soccer and on both feet within such short time! The sole is definitely softer than previous shoes and the tip rather round instead of pointy, so that might contribute?!? Anyways, it makes me sad, but I'll need to stop wearing them and find new shoes.", "It was a decent boot but the word hyper venom inside rubbed of after 1 wear.The material at the back also creased up. Other than that it was fine.", "These are great cleats for outdoor astro turf fields. I play three times a week and at first they were a bit small on my wide feet but after a few weeks they fit great. People can see your feet coming from across the Field because the color is so Loud but that's why I got them. Love them and recommend them. Just know they are a bit narrow at first", "I had ordered these shoes for work, and didnt even read the reviews. so when I received the shoes i was hoping i didnt have a bad experience with them like the other buyers did. to be honest these shoes are very comfortable, i stand for my whole shift (8hrs++) i have other pairs of shoes but these work for me.", "From all the Nike's running shoes this is the least comfortable for running, it does not hold the toes well. But in general I love the Nike products", "I liked the way they looked but the size was not accurate or it probably was that my foot grew and I didn't realize but other than that the shoes look good", "Light weight, work great for just starting out as a beginner runner.  Nike is always a good brand.  Love em`", "These shoes are so cute, loved the colors BUT I had to return them as there is absolutely no arch support ! The inside is flat as a pancake . Impossible to run with this shoe .", "Great running/training shoes.  My daughter wears these at Military school for intense training and she is very happy with the fit and comfort.", "Great shoes, first running shoes I love!Quick shipping and very cute shoes. Make my feet look slender and small which I love!", "excellent", "first of all..i love the color of the shoe!..its amazing..for the price it's really a good buy!!Although it appears to be cheaply made, its really durable so far", "These shoes are great for show. I don't recommend them for working out or running. They have this weird arch bubble which hurts my feet.", "Super fast shipping. I love these shoes. Cute color and very comfortable. I even bought a second pair of these shoes in the grey, orange and pink!", "Shoes are a little wide in the middle of the shoe-even with shoe laces tied tight, however, they are very comfortable. Wore them all day at Disney and had no pain in my feet at all!", "These are the bees knees!  Fit is perfect, Very comfortable.  Bright colors, and I get compliments on them regularly.  I purchaseda pair of hot pink and neon lime laces, and they look terrific .  A+ recommendation  Cheryl", "This is my 5th pair of Nike running shoes.  I have a narrow heal and not many other brands give me a proper fit.  No need to purchase for twice the price at a running specialty store with these.  Very satisfied!", "to any one who is a size 10 a 10and a half would be a better fit with sockover all i love them the colours are true to life", "I bought these as my gym shoes but they are so comfortable I ended up wearing them all the time. Great fit, super comfortable, and they have held up great! Super fast shipping! will definitely buy again.", "Comfortable shoe", "I wear a size 10 and my feet are somewhat wide so its hard to find a good fit especially shopping online. They are comfy and feel great while running my feet havent been sore yet while i wear them.", "Usually I'm size 8.5 but I ordered size 8 and it fits perfect. i would recommend it to order half size smaller.", "Comfortable shoes and I love the look!", "Great grip on turf and control over the ball No. 4. Nice control under the No. 4 ball. Great fit, as expected. Pretty cool colors.", "So happy we purchased throughAmazon. Saw in the store for a lot more money. These fit true to size and are a great qualty cleat for turf use.", "Hi, my kid wore them for one week, and they already had a damage in the upper part near where the sock was, started peeling off.I&#34;m starting to think these sellers sell FAKE nike products using Amazon, so i've just decided to use ONLY NIKE site to be sure of the product i buy.Be careful and Amazon should be careful too !", "I practice and play on turf fields and I thought this will give me more movement without killing my feet. I usually wear 7 & 1/2 size but I got an 8. I got a blister on the left foot on the back ankle what made me mad until I broke it in. Now I put some protection before I use them just as a prevention. Shoe now is nice and adjust well. Contact with the soccer ball is nice. I would recommend it and get an another pair again.", "Love the shoe but it is so tight fitting on the sides that it's difficult to put on. Nice colors.", "This cleat snuggles around the contours of the feet and adjusts smoothly during play. It runs half a size smaller though.", "I like it as fitting my needs. this is what i was looking for since ages.I recommed to every one looking for shoes that help to improve her/his soccer skills,", "Excelente!!!!!", "For the price, the shoe is pretty good for knocking around. The color, as shown in the photo is true and the only glitch is that it runs around a half size too small- a 9 1/2 would've been a tad more comfortable than the 9 I usually wear.", "I haven't played in years and I joined a rec league recently. I picked these shoes up to keep my feet in shape and motivate myself to keep playing. They are a touch more pricey than I hoped to pay, but they are worth it. They provide traction everywhere you need it for ball control. They are nice and tight to keep your feet where they need to be and keep your souls from shifting in the shoe.  I don't love the texture on the back of the shoe, but that is a very small complaint.Overall these shoes are great. I am glad I picked them up. I am going to be looking to upgrade within the same line in maybe a year or so.", "These cleats are well designed and provide great comfort. It is a great product; quality at a very reasonable price.", "These are nice.  I have the older version, and needed a new pair.  They have a nice footbed, softer than most, and the tread/soles are great.  However, I found the toe box is small, and tight.  Might have stretched a little, but too small for me.  I have narrow foot through the upper laces, but wide at the toes.I returned mine, but would recommend others to try them on.", "Perfect! Five Stars'!", "Not sure if I got a pair of lemons, but I have played (4) 50 minute indoor games with these shoes and already the sole is coming apart from the leather in the front, on both shoes. I do enjoy the feel of the shoes, however I am concerned about how long they will last me. Never have I had to bust out the shoe glue so quickly.", "This review is based on my past experience with Nike soccer shoes. I've always worn a 7.5 mens shoe, and these were unbearably tight. I tried them for a few matches, but they didn't stretch at all. Disappointed!", "This has to be the best pair of indoor soccer shoes I have ever owned. I got the turf shoes to prevent slippage when playing at my indoor soccer facility, regular indoor shoes were not working very well.These are very comfortable and shaped to my feet the best so far.", "First pair of Nike's I have purchased in many years. The rubber &#34;cleat&#34; pattern is perfect for when you can't wear hard cleats. Very light shoe too. It definitely has the signature narrow build of Nike, but the material expands to fit wide feet.  The size fits true. I usually step down on Adidas, but these fit tight at your real foot size.", "Really nice shoes, low weit and great quality, my friend was very happy with them, he is a really futbol player.", "I wear a solid 11 in all other Nike's, but these were a bit long for a size 11, which is odd for Nike Soccer shoes. just a warning.", "I bought this product 1 and a half year ago. It was insane how good these bad boy felt. It was like a sock and it also a very minimal shoe. The cleat itself feature a low court feel.However since this shoe is minimal, it barely had any support, apart from the plastic heel cup. I loved this shoe and played in it every weekend.", "they just looks better in real :) , the color were perfect and they fit great. since they arrive he's using them", "fits great, feels great, id buy this brand and style again. I love Nike and for indoor soccer these shoes are awesome", "Super stylish & original! Tons of compliments on these shoes!  Sturdy and can be used for my younger son as well!", "My son has been wanting a pair of Jordan's for a while now.  We finally broke down and got him a pair this year.", "These are one of the nicest and most underrated colorways released so far, definite cop. Price is a little up there, but I'm not the type to jump on every foam release but these are definitely on the list.And to the guy saying they're fake, they're real, do a little research before reviewing.", "There is supposed to be a nike sign on the back this foamposite instead of a star so these shoes are overpriced and FAKE. So save your money.", "They really are fake I have the shoes and bought them at the mall and they do not have a star on the back...", "I love these shoes!! They match perfectly with my jeans. They are very comfortable, and do not hurt my feet. I have three boys, so casual looks are important. My boys even think they are awesome for &#34;girl&#34; shoes!", "I bought these for a son that is playing soccer in college and on a mens league team. The shoes fit as expected. Through the first two months of use they have held up well, there are no signs of rips or coming unglued. If they continue performing as they are, I will probably get him a second pair of these.", "My son thought they were a little tight - but he swore they weren't bad and just needed a little break in. He loved how comfortable they were, and said the color is awesome. He played his first game in them and mentioned that he has far more control. He also mentioned how he and his older brother (whom I also gave a pair) had a conversation about expensive cleats ... they didn't think they were worth the money, until they wore these. Now they understand that you do get higher quality with higher prices. I would recommend them.", "Hands down best soccer cleat I have ever owned. I've been playing for 19 years and am still impressed with the build and performance quality of this cleat. The cleats DO come with the Mercurial bag pictured and also has a small width-wise zippered pocket on the inside top. Perfect for ball pumps, socks, or small personal belongings. The carbon fibre on the bottom is very much real and makes the soles super stiff but yet the lightest shoe ever. The cleats themselves are Firm Ground but yet have a little sway to them on harder surfaces like wood or concrete (try to avoid these surfaces at all costs to avoid extra wear) Its a unique feeling compared to other cleats I've worn but on grass they are a beast. Ball handling, running, stopping, jumping, all amazing in these. Fit like a glove (Nike Soccer's strong suit) so order true size. The visual's of this cleat are stunning. Loads of compliments so far but you can easily blind people if they aren't expecting it (literally) in the sun; they are brighter than a highlighter. Ive been practicing with these nearly daily and expect to be using these for a long time. I regularly clean the cleats keep them in the bag and always put the cardboard inner piece back in the cleats when not in use (cardboard pieces come with cleats). Im pairing these cleats with the Adidas Brazuca 2014 Fifa World Cup Winter Match ball, highly recommended. Overall if you're worried about price, just go for it. With soccer cleats the more you spend, the better product you get. Happy kicking!", "I bought this shoe for my son. He loved the shoe. The only problem is it did not hold up very well. He is very active and these shoes could not keep up with him. The hole was in the toe of the shoe and only had it 1 month. Just not worth the money.", "Love it. It goes with everyting I wear and I wear these sneakers on a regular basis. Very comfortable and looks awesome.", "this is a comfortable shoe I wear them often and I like Nike brand I will tell my friends about this you thank you", "Great feel great look very satisfied I will proceed and continue to rock them right yes in deed thanks amazon", "thank you I love these shoes they are great!!", "He loves them, I will purchase more for him! These are great. He says they are very comfortable. Thank you!", "I bought these shoes for my 6,5&#34;, 290lb son for Father's Day, he is 38 yrs in age and liked the shoes... He is conservative and selective about what he wears, a teacher and a coach for a boys football team.  So far I have been satisfied with my purchases from Amazon", "My son loves these kind of shoes and when he say them for less on Amazon it was a no brainer.  He enjoyed them.", "These air max 95's are simply awesome...Love the colorway and they fit like they should ... what more can i say?", "I am a big fan of bright colors and glow in the dark items. So when I was looking for a shoe that glows, it took me months. Then I saw these.... OMG! AWESOME!", "Ordered on a weekend and had my package before the next weekend. Product was exactly what I was looking for. I even tried the product manufacture and they told me I could not get this shoe in my size. I stumbled upon the kicks shop while looking at other things and they actually had what I was looking for. Product was exactly as stated very pleased with the shipping except waiting in line at the post office.", "first of all I have to say that I love the air max 95 version. secondly  great product and a great seller thanks a lot", "I love nike  Air Max 95 sneakers! they fit great they are comfortable, and they look good on your feet. the premium tape are new to the lineup and they fit right in with the rest of the 95 airmax lineup so if you can still find a pair in your size get them their worth the money. ps. I'm still looking for the black and grey, premium tape 95 airmax if any one still has them in size 10 let me know", "EXCELLENT PRODUCT. FIT AS AXPECTED. GREAT QUALITY MATERIALS AND GREAT AIR CAPSULE.JUST TOOK TOO LONG TO GET TO MIAMI.THANK YOU", "WOW!!! Get people looking and complementing every time I wear these. Buy a half size smaller than you normally wear.", "Looked everywhere for them.....should have know to just go to Amazon first would have saved me a lot of walking haha  They were my sons favorite present made him happy happy happy!! :)  Thanks for the fast shipping too!!", "I got these because they werent your basic one color pair of air maxes. They have the red and gray camo design. These air maxes fit nice. Not tight like a green and black pair of air maxes i brought they looks nice with a pair of dark jeans. I like them alot.", "I love these shoes they are so cute and look even better in person. They are feel super light and so comfortable. I stand on concrete for my job and my feet don't ache nor hurt when I get off. I normally wear a 6 and got them in a 6 and they fit perfect. Air Max are my favorite brand of shoes and these are another prime example of why.", "when she opened it she loved it thank you very much it was exactly how you described it and it fit very nice.", "Love this shoes. Stylish and very comfortable love the print design on front. Fits true to size and is very light.", "I absolutely loved these shoes when I seen them on here. I was so excited to get them. When they arrived I rushed to open them. I got them out of the box and I was so let down and disappointed. They look nothing like they do in this picture. So even though I was disappointed I tried them on anyways, they fit great but they were not what I was expecting considering the picture looks nothing like them! First thing I've got from here and been disappointed with.", "Really loved it! Looks exactly as the picture, and the size fits perfectly. Recommend to anyone wanting to buy an Air max", "These shoes are great! They are a bit smaller than I expected, but they're not restrictive since they're constructed from a &#34;stretchy&#34; material. The toe-box is generous, even though the shoe is a bit narrow. Again the material has some 'give' and that contributes to the comfort that you feel when you wear the shoe. I love the look & color of the shoe itself, too. My only complaint is that the rubber separates on the bottom of the shoe (which is why it's called the Free) and little tiny stones tend to get lodged in between the rubber cracks. It's kind of annoying once I get to a hard, flat surface, because I can feel all the rocks on the bottom of my shoe. That's my only complaint. These are good shoes.", "This is a great shoe and was a GREAT purchase for me. I love the fit and love running in them.", "these are hands-down the most comfortable sneaker i've ever worn. i leave the house and have to look down to make sure i have shoes on!but the 8 runs a bit small and there are no arch support supplied, so i often feel like my left foot is &#34;caving&#34; inward. i have to go buy a support and stick it in. hopefully that will help. but overall, i'd HIGHLY recommend the shoe itself and people always compliment the look!", "I love these shoes!", "Great shoes very light and comfortable a little sung need to break them in.", "I allowed our little man to chose which shoes he would like to have.  He picked a color I thought was a little bit bold but,  all in all it turned out well.He tells everyone he sees now that he has a pair of Nike's!", "Once again All the ladies like to ask where I get my kicks from I simply say amazon today's my birthday but I'm partying tomorrow so I'll definitely be rocking these", "My nephew loved these....he is a NY knicks fan and these matched perfectly with that teams colors!!! For the price I thought they may have lasted longer but then again he is 12 so that could have played a big part in that. He wore them for EVERYTHING!!! lol", "depending on Adidas and Puma, size 9(us) is comfortable but  Nike is tight. i suggest you to upgrade the size to the next one, to avoid the the sizes is different.", "I have to say when my daughter got her first pair of CTR's, I thought they were ugly (the ones with the pink back). But when she tried them on and loved the feel so much,  I wasn't about to say they were ugly. It turns out that upon looking for new cleats (she plays year round and wears the heck out of them), she always returns to this model because of the comfort. (Thankfully they change the colors to offer variety!)The only reason I don't give them 5 stars is that the shoelace eyelets appear to be ready to tear (one did tear where she was trampled on by cleats of another player). I have a feeling what makes them comfortable (softer material) makes them easily torn.However, for the amount of time she spends in them, comfort matters. We'll continue to buy them.", "Yes these are silly expensive for a size 2.5 cleat.  My son has owned 6 pairs of cleats and these are by far the best.  Super light and the material is way better/conforming/feel than the lesser expensive similar cleat.  Removable foot bed is nice.", "My 10 year old soccer playing son asked me to write this review.. He was impressed with how light it was and comfortable it felt. It is a tad expensive, but seeing how good it feels, I would say it is money well spent. Problem is that kids' feet keep growing, and I will to to shop for another pair in three months!", "Love the shoe but it was a little smaller than what I expected so I can not wear them everyday.", "Shoes look great. The colors are very pretty. This is my second pair of Dual Fusion and they are so light and comfortable. They will correct you stride. Great for your feet! Highly recommended!", "Fantastic shoes, would have bought two pairs if they had the next size up! Will definitely be looking for these in future.", "nice i would by another or even tell my friends to try them or any one for that matter nice", "I purchased the shoes for my son who is very pleased with the the shoes. I ordered a 10 1/2 and the shoes fit fine.", "My 12 year old son and I have to agree upon what shoes he gets, and these ones we both liked.  They fit well...a little on the big side so he has room to grow.  I gave them 5 stars because my son was so happy with them and really likes the style, color and fir.", "BOUGHT THESE SHOES AND THEY SEEM VERY TIGHT, AND ROUGH, TOO STIFF NOT SOFT INSIDES AT ALL, WOULDNT BUY EM AGAIN.. MAYBE ITS THE STYLE, ALSO THE SHOE LACES UNDO VERY EASY AND ITS VERY INCONVENIENT.", "Nice shoe but my issue with the Jordan's of late is not that they fit but slipping them on is somewhat of a pain.  The last 3 pair have been this way  while other brands I do not have this difficulty.Probably my last pair.", "I love the colors of this shoe (a little more hot pink than the orange I was expecting from the picture) and they fit well. The only problem I see is that the laces are too short.  I don't even have them laced all the way to the final hole and I can only tie a one-sided loop.  They come loose when I'm running.  I'd replace the laces, but I like the hot pink striped laces, others would take away from the great colors!  Other than that, the shoe is well made, though the tongue is a bit big for my taste, the shox have plenty of spring, and the sewing on the main panels is well done.", "This individual chose this rating because these particular pair of shoes are very light. Therefore, this pair of NIKE shoes was a gift for one's father and he really loves them and has gotten many positive comments about these pair of NIKE shoes.", "great shoe. very comfortable and stylish. nike outdid themselves with this redesign. would definitely recommend to anyone who is a fan of nike.", "the shoes were perfect but I usually wear a size 12 in Nike and these ran a whole size larger. I sent them back and got a size 11 that fit perfect.", "Very good quality shoe. Came on Christmas Day and I was so excited to give my husband who is a huge falcons fan this gift.", "They were surprisingly comfortable compared to most basketball shoes. They were bendable and still had some support too. The laces wore out a little by the end of the season", "Shoes came three days early (I got the black ones) with a pair of black and blue shoe laces, also included was a fresh pair of black socks as a gift for ordering! They fit great and the color is amazing! I am very happy with this purchase, Great price too!", "Shoes look a lot better in person. Perfect size and came with blue laces as well. Very sharp shoes get a lot of compliments on them.", "Great pair of sneakers with the colors just like the picture,  feel like regular air forces, causal wear Def uncommon", "nice fit and look.  usually wear 10 or 10.5 and the 10 was perfect.  roomy toe box and great fit.  color is great.", "These are great shoes at a great price I've got so many complements on these it's ridiculous I love these shoes and they are super comfortable if u want these do not hesitate they ARE NOT a waste of money at all and they last forever this is my second pair", "I love the nike air force 1 , its reminds me the ol skool , still remember first type, all I can say this is retro. double thumbs up", "This was my second pair of Hyperflights (I have the Lunar's as well) and this shoe has gotten a lot of attention as well.  People have literally stopped me walking by and asked me &#34;What type of shoe is that?!&#34; and I proudly tell them &#34;Nike Hyperflight!&#34;.PROS:1. Attention-grabbing color combo (I call them my Sharks)2. Fit is beyond comfortable-feels like walking on air3. Great ankle support which is good rather you are shooting hoops or on your feet for extended periods of timeCONS:I have no cons!This is a great looking sneaker that fits like an ace.  If you are thinking about getting a pair, don't think anymore, just get them...you won't regret it!", "I think these things are great, but it would be better if I got the right size! A must have in my opinion.", "It was exactly what I needed for my grandson. It fit perfert and arrived on  time.A great surprise for him. Thank you", "Not sure if it's the brand or the seller. Tried this pair at the store, had no problem. Bought them for over $100. Wore for 10 mins, my ankles are all red. I'm now stuck with this pair. My $100 wasted. Very disappointed.", "I love this brand and they're just what i expected. I would definitely order from this area again and recommend to others as well", "I love these shoes. ABSOLUTELY GORGEOUS. They fit great & just look stunning on your feet. I would also like to say that they was super super easy. I (stupidly) put on my shoes right after getting them to go visit some of my friends who were fishing. The short story is that one of my shoes ended up muddy & I wanted to cry, I thought they would be ruined. But with water and soap, the dirt came right off all over the shoe. AMAZING. not only do they look gorgeous now, but they will probably look gorgeous for a long time after with the proper care. I will definitely be getting the blue pair once I have the money!!", "Love these. Light & fit just great", "Love these runners, received them to-day and will be wearing them tomorrow for Pump Class. My instructor will be so jealous :)", "Very nice I love them definitely what I need and a tennis shoe cant wait to get more thanks fly", "My boyfriend loves them but there is a indent in one of the shoes but not the other ! !", "Adorable! I love these shoes and they got here when expected. Lighter weight than I thought so that was nice!", "Although I love the look and these are super comfy and fit true to size. The little cute dots on the design bleed through where my foot bends. I NEVER have been outside in the rain or in puddles. Also I've had them for a month and walk about 5 miles a day and the bottom traction is also wearing off a lot. They fit true to size. I have the Moypup color in these that are a different fabric and they are perfect!", "I love my rosheruns they are incredibly lightweight and super comfy!!! The pattern is adorable and stylish for any  occasion but I wear mine mainly for working out.", "I wear this shoe every place I go.  I love the colors, the fit and the comfort it provides.  I plan to wear it out then buy another pair!This shoe makes for happy walking and extremely happy feet.", "These shoes are so pretty to look at but not very comfortable. They fit smaller than expected and are &#34;stiff&#34;. It took me a while to break them in which is different from most other basketball shoes I've had. Love the colors though!", "They are very comfortable and of good quality.  I would recommend them for anyone who is active.  A little high priced but they will last a long time so you get what you paid for.", "Good for running.", "Run large and VERY wide. Very comfortable and no complaints otherwise.", "My fiance loves these. They fit perfect, we did have to order a size larger than she usually wears . Other than that , it's a good buy with fast shipping.", "I love this comfort thong. With the way my feet are, it is hard to find sandals and flip flops that work with my fussy feet. I love the color combo and this is my third pair.", "These look great. The blue is vibrant and it almost looks like the green is glow in the dark. I'm pleased. They're soft and comfortable. The shipping was delayed which I was informed of. Very professional and I still got them on time. Worth the money.", "These are the most comfortable things EVER. They totally cradled you foot in all the right places.  Love these so much!", "The shoe is nice, but the fitting is not...other brands same size fit excellent...show recommend at least half size bigger", "I bought these Nike 'flip-flop' sandals for my cousin.  She loves them.  They match a Nike jumpsuit (training 'track suit') she already owned.", "Eran de regalo para mi madre y ella dice que eran m&aacute;s c&oacute;modas que las que ten&iacute;a antes.Buena apariencia, buen material, en fin son muy buena inversi&oacute;n.", "This was just what my daughter wanted.  She says they are the most comfortable flip flops ever.  The cushioning is quite nice.  We chose Amazon because local stores started at size 6 and we needed a 5 for her little foot!  We would purchase these again in a heartbeat - either for her, or I would buy for myself!", "am going to order another pair in a different color", "This pair of nike's had become my favorite shoes! They are comfortable, the colors are vibrant and full of life. I receive lot's of compliments every time I wear them.", "Little to big", "Very comfortable and easy to slip on. Can't wait to wear these at the beach!", "If it's very perfectly I'm happy I got them", "great fit", "I love the color but the shoe size is a little too big which causes some slippage in the heel.", "Since I seen them I liked them but now that I have them on they fit perfect and they are great", "Running shoes are great for casual wear, they fit great and my son loves them.  Only issue was that delivery was about 10 days later than projected.", "love these shoes. dirt is easily wiped off. light as paper.one problem. lack of real traction for an &#34;off-road type&#34; shoe.wear a 12./13 & 12's fit fine.", "I ordered this shoe in my actual foot size and it was a little tighter than I though it would be but still fits well and is an extremely comfortable shoe over all. The Roshes are definitely the lightest shoe I have ever worn and can be worn with no socks. Great shoe to wear in summer!", "This is by far the best sneaker around.  I bought this for my child for PE. I had previously purchased the same sneaker different size and the shoe has lasted for 2-3 years.  The shoe isn't run down,  just dirty and small. I am sold on these.  They are pricey but well worth the money.", "These Nike shoes are very confortable, they may feel kind of weak but the support is superb. The colors are killer white, teal and orange is a great combination with other clothing elemnts!", "First time having the lunarlon version of nike.  Very comfortable and easy to be on feet all day in the shoe.  For this particular style the fit is somewhat wide on the foot", "They're good i really like them i would recommend them to anyone who likes Jordan's gear to go and get them", "That's great pair of shoes more than expected even for the most exigent.  I just love them color and appearance make the difference. ..", "what can I say, looks freakingawesome, hand woven by some slaves in another country, turns heads. its super light weight. its baller", "Original model and fit as expected.I was surprise when realize that some parts glow in the dark. That's make this shoes very original.", "I already knew what to expect when I purchased these and I wasn't disappointed. Great price, too, since they go for as much as $110 elsewhere.", "Its authentic. Am a very satisfied customer. Would love to see more choices from the club sneaker. Please bring in more air max thank you", "In order to November 24. arrived on December 6. It was quite fast.There was a wrinkle or dent on the inside of the right shoe. I do not know b grade or at the time of packing.It is an effort to get rid of it and put the shoe keeper. No plans to return.I'm happy. I will use the next time if cheaper price.Item Subtotal: $71&#12288;Shipping & Handling: $50&#12288;Sold by shoezooThank you", "I ordered these in the recommended 1/2 size up for running shoes and feel like they fit like my regular 7 1/2, so I would for sure say these run on the smaller size. Also, they are a little annoying to put on since the laces don't actually loosen anything, they are more for looks, so it takes a bit to pull them on, but that may also have to do with the fact that they fit on the small side? The color is darling, I feel like they match a lot of my workout clothes, and I get lots of compliments on them. Would have given 5 stars if they didn't run on the small side but love them anyway.", "These shoes are very comfortable and well made. They are extremely flexible and I can move freely in them! However they are not made for long distance running as I had hoped as they do not provide the support needed. But over all a very good buy!", "Perfect trail running shoe, best traction I've ever had.  Won't use anything else.. Hope that Nike continues to make them. Thank you.", "10.5 Nike usually fit me but these are a bit too perfect my feet rub quite a bit when walking for some distances.  Overall the trainers are great If they fitted me they would be very comfortable.", "He mentioned that he didn't understand why people would pay so much for cleats...until he wore these in a game! He spoke about how comfortable they were (fit to size) and how he noticed how much more control he had handling the ball. Basically he said his old cleats let the ball slip and slide by, but these almost gripped the ball. He needs to get used to it but he LOVES the potential. He also mentioned the black color was really unique and he thought it was very cool (and not like other simple black cleats somehow)...based on his joy I would recommend them.", "My son was eyeballing these at a mall and I said no way I'm paying $82 for a pair of his shoes - found them on Amazon for $65.  Seem to be holding up well", "Grandson love them.  Was a great birthday surprise for him.  He was very excited about them and they were exactly what he wanted.", "For basketball :) I've tried them on not performed in them yet.Nice light shoe :) for sporting events. Great", "My daughter loves this shoe! The size was exact to her foot. She's been wearing the shoe for about 2 weeks and still likes the way it feels.", "I bought these for my younger cousin and he really loves them but it is a ripoff. I only bought these from here because I could not find them in his size in the store but they charge 154 here while they are over 50 dollars cheaper in store.", "they are comfortablethey just exactly what I expectedif you like shox you will love theseI could not be happier", "My husband loves these shoes. Easy to wipe clean and hold their color. 4 months old now and still feel like the day he got them.", "I already had one pair so I figured why not get another . They cost the Same price at footlocker but  I never had to leave the house so its kool great product brand new in the box .", "They came quick which I loved! They were a birthday gift. Was a little worried about the bottom part at first...thought they were clear but turned out silver,  wasnt sure he would like that be he does. Hes pretty picky. LolSo ladies, if ur man likes ken griffey this is definitely the shoe for him. Highly recommend!", "I'm a size 9 in nearly every single one of my shoes.  I have the Atlas 2's in a size 9 which also fit perfectly.  However, these ran about a half size too large.  I think I'll keep them and see how they fit after breaking them in.  I still received quite a few compliments and can't wait to take these for a run.  That's not something I look for from shoes...but nice to have.I prefer cross trainers as the provide more arch support.  They are also great for power lifting (squats in particular).  New &#34;running&#34; shoes really don't provide the stability required for heavy lifts.  Granted, many people are lifting bare foot these days.  These are comfortable, &#34;heavy&#34;, and stylish, but don't beg for too much attention.", "I ordered a size UP from what I normally wear because Nikes run small to me.  The shoe is very narrow and tighter than what I am used to.  It is not all that comfortable for the price, but it does have the &#34;look&#34; I desired.  I am not into flashy/colorful sneakers.  This was the conservative look I wanted.  (I will have to invest in some cousioned socks for more comfort.)", "If you don't like big backpacks this isn't the backpack for you. Personally I love this backpack! It has a pocket in the front that is insulated. My water once spilled in there and it didn't get all over the backpack and was easy to clean. It's also a good price considering my cousin got this backpack for $90! Great Product", "I got this for my 10-year-old son. He loves it.  It's  high-quality and looks great. Lots of room and pockets to carry everything you need at the gym.", "Great backpack.  Well constructed with lots of compartments to store and organize everything and looks good as well.  Side pockets are adjustable and large enough to fit the large Gatorade bottles or can be tightened to fit a smaller water bottle.  Great features.", "Bought this bag for my son and he loves it!  It's durable and has enough pockets for all his needs.", "This is a very nice and well made backpack. My grandson is a fan of the  Oaklahoma Thunders. This was added to his collection.", "My daughter loves this bag,she uses it for traveling with her AAU basketball team.it packs a lot and very sturdy.", "Bought this for my 10 year old and he loves it.  His 13 year old brother tends to use it a lot therefore causing brotherly arguments.  Ah, the joys of parenting.  Nonetheless, great backpack!", "Extremely pleased with the product.  It is perfect for going to ballgames.  Ball...water..clothes and shoes all fit.  Easy to pack", "My grand daughter loves it , she is ready for a new one!!!!! She loves the Thunders - OKC Love", "I love the way the shoes look on and off. the laces or something hurts both the tops of my feet.  I am a bartender and on my feet all day. those f#####ng shoes killed my feet, but on top.  I still wear them but not to work. Even then they hurt my feet", "Just sent back and they received today will see how the credit is applied to card Ill keep in touch, everything went well so fare!!!!!!!!!", "I use this sneakers every day when going on my daily 3-mile walk. They were a little uncomfortable at first but now they are just right. I hope that they will last as long as my last pair did. (3 years)", "never usually have a problem with nike, but these are so overly padded it's not funny. ordered my usual 9 and could barely get my foot in. either order 2 sizes up, or go with the air max line they have!", "These shoes are great and really cute on. I wouldn't buy these for exercise but they are lightweight and comfortable. Great for walks and general use.", "I bought these for walking shoes...spring is on the way and I wanted something to go walk the neighborhood in.  these are GREAT.  very comfy but also gives your calves a nice work out.  I could feel them start to burn sooner then usual. the fit is spot on", "I usually ware a size 8 in nike but these where way to big. Had to send them back.. will not order shoes online again.They do not pay for shipping and handling to be returned had to par 15$ to return them... But other then that they looked like prettyawesome shoes.", "They are a tad bit big, but not bad. I absolutely love the color and they are comfortable and casual! I have gotten so many compliments on them already! Great for Spring/Summer!", "Great colors and fits as expected. After a while the shoe began to hurt, but Im assuming because its new.", "I got thease as a gift! Great purchase. FIts as expected, thanks for making a quality product. would purchase again.", "Very comfortable, excellent grip, light, and good support. My favorite show to play basketball in. I recommend to not use these outside due to the materials in it.", "These look just as awesome in person. Very happy with this purchase. Fit perfectly. Might pick up another pair cause there going to be worn a lot", "Used three times. Terrible blister on the heel every time because they dig in to the back of your foot so much. Trashed them.", "excelenete producto", "The shoe looks ok but seems to cut into the rear of my ankle. It wore a blister into both feet and I will need to wear a brace to avoid further discomfort.", "I bought this shoe for my husband. And we think the shoe is a fake. We will not be buying anymore shoes from Amazon. We are stuck with them now and the price was great. You get what you pay for. But we don't want to slander anyone, we are just not sure if its real or not??????????????", "very nice, beautiful, good, everything ok, thanks", "I was a little hesitant to order these at first afraid they'd be knock-offs but after checking them out Im glad I did they look nice and feel comfortable they also came right away, looking into a second pair now =]", "I've owned over 50 pair of Nike's in the past 15 years but never bought high tops until my knees and ankles needed the support. I purchased these Nike Air Max A2's looking for a change in support. The shoe wasn't a bad fit until I tried to lace them all the way up. The shoelaces came extremely short right out of the box. I can't tie them about midway, so I might as well have bought low-tops.I understand that shoelaces aren't that expensive, but once you pay beyond a certain price on brand name shoes your expectation level of the shoe increases along with the price. In other words I expected the shoe to fit as described, which is a high-top fit. It's not like I'm new to Nike's...If you want my perspective on it, I'd describe the shoelace length like buying a belt in your waist size only to find out the belt only holds up one side of your pants. It's ridiculous and Nike ought to know better but Amazon buying these shoes and re-selling them to customers ought to really know better through showing some initiative on quality assurance.I was planning on buying 3 more pair from Amazon but instead went to a retail store and received a price match and got the correct length shoelace. As for me, this is the first and last time I buy shoes online.As a matter of fact, I haven't purchased anything else from Amazon since the last 2 products I purchased were less than satisfactory and it just may be my last.. Come on Amazon, get it together!", "i gave this as bday gift to my husband! he loves it so comfortable he said..he used this for playing basketball", "This is a good shoe.  It has nice gray color with just enough orange for a teenaged boy. The shoe laces are to short.", "My son loves the cool look and comfort all in one.  Would absolutely recommend this item. Nike is the way to go", "When I got it I really liked how it looked. I tried them on, and it fit almost perfectly! The only complaint I have is that the shoe laces were about 6-8 in. short. I barely had enough to tie them. But it had a lot of grip and felt good. Overall really good shoe! :)", "I already tried it at the store before I ordered it online.  It fits true to size!!  I highly recommend buying it.", "I have absolutely no complaints about these shoes. Perfect fit. Arrived the day before they were expected. Great quality. Great shoes. Totally worth what I paid for them.", "Nice fit, really light and comfortable to play with. Definitely worth the buy. Highly recommend these for basketball sneakers .", "Very good. Exactly what i expected since i bought this shoe twice before. I would recommend it to anyone looking to play bball.", "Nice and well made shoes. it's all you can espect for Nike shoes. I just loved. I hope this review can help you.", "The sneakers are attractive and fits perfectly. I wore them on the basketball court and they really felt fantastic on my feet. I don't play much basketball but I wanted a quality pair sneakers so when I play, I don't have any issues with my feet.", "The product was exactly what i was expecting, i recommend this priduct, the lightness , the comfort is great !", "The material used where you put your foot into the shoe was not big enough so I couldn't get my foot in to see if the shoe actually fit.I liked the looks of the shoe.", "A bit tight due to tongue of shoe being more glove fit, but after breaking in I really like the show", "Great shoe for a very active 14 year old.  He runs and runs, and they're still going strong.  He's very hard on shoes, but thes have not only held their shape they've retained their bright color and clean up so nicely", "Amazing! These shoes are beyong comfortable, especially when I'm at the gym or just walking around. Not only comfortable but stylish. I love the cross padern and the colors I chose. All in all amazing pair of shoes!!", "I chose this rating because these shoes run small the size 13 works but a 12 1/2 would have been perfect.", "It would have been an awesome pair of shoes if it weren't too narrow.  I normally wear size 10M and these were 10M but we're way too tight.  Nike doesn't seem to carry wide versions.", "I love the 3.0 free trainers. Only reason I wouldn't give them 5 stars is their price, but every prominent training shoe is the same. I have wide feet, and although these are snug, they flex and allow my foot plenty of room for running, squatting and olympic lifting. These seem to have slightly more side support than the previous version, but maybe they'll &#34;free&#34; up a little bit as I wear them in. More support is not exactly what I'm looking for in this shoe as I prefer the minimalist quality. Anyway if you have the cash to drop they are stylish and most of all comfortable for intense workouts. Wolf grey looks great too, next time I will get a more colorful pair.", "For your record, the 3.0 is not actually small but extremely tight fitting. I have some wiggle room in the toe box but my great toe is numb from compression on my nerves, and the heels are so tight that I am getting bruises on the back of my heels.I only wear these to walk around and at work and I developed these problems within days. I can only wear these with the insoles removed, which pretty much defeats the purpose of shoes.", "I had the last years version in white and blue colors and I use them a lot so this year I wanted to get this new version. While it looks as great as before it's not as comfortable.  The arch shaped piece at the bottom of the laces (above the nike logo on top) presses against top of my feet tightly and makes it quite uncomfortable. I remember last years models were extremely comfortable on the first day even without breaking them in. This new model after 5 days is still tight on the top. The rest fits well and as good as previous model but the top piece is a deal breaker for me as it defeats the purpose.", "It is a fantastic shoe. It got here in no time at all. The shoe is comfortable and I enjoy wearing them.", "I didn't realize what the Nike numbering system meant.  Free 3.0 is close to the ground than Nike free 4.0 or 5.0.  The lower the number the less cushion you have under your feet.  So the insoles in the Free 3.0 are really thin and they do not offer all day comfort.  I had to put aftermarket insoles to make them more comfortable.  There is too much arch support also.  If Nike could carry the same look and design in Free 4.0 and Free 5.0 I would buy these in Free 5.0 for more cushion.  Unfortunately, I don't find any shoes that are as attractive as these in 4.0 or 5.0.", "Fit is very narrow. I would definately try these on in a store before buying. Otherwise, they are a great looking shoe.", "This shoe is very tight on my toes.  I have the same issue of my large toe being numb from the compression.", "Nike made a very good job with this shoes. The material seems to be resistant. I do recommend this buy.", "Though I liked the original zoom atteros better, saved $10 buying these. Quite fine. Fit is fine, they're very comfortable. Bought them for walking. After a few days breaking in, walked 2 miles yesterday--very good support.", "I expected more.", "I will be returning these shoes when I put them on they are tight on my feet even with adjusting the laces then when going from carpet to tile I almost fell from slipping .", "I love the color just they ran a little large for me.  The shoe itself is very comfortable.  I plan on getting another pair but in Red.", "Excellent stability and comfort. I also like the flashy color specially at night. Cars notice you on the pavement.Bought a T-shirt same color to give max effect :)", "I love this shoe in the Volt color. Feels great and so far holds up to me being a fatty. I like loud colors and this does the trick. I use it for everyday wear, not in the gym. extremely comfortable.", "Make sure to order a half size smaller than usual.  These run big. Nice bright color, with a comfortable fit.", "When this pair of volt/black Nikes arrived, I was a bit worried at first because of the brightness. However, I warmed up to the color and have received many compliments about them! They are certainly attention grabbing and have been described as a &#34;fun&#34; type of shoe. I think they'd make great shoes for anyone running during the night or when its dark out; these bad boys will shine quite brightly when light is flashed on them. The shoe itself fits very well and runs accurately to the size that is portrayed when ordering. Shoe width is average as expected and they fit comfortably.&#34;Don't stare directly at them or you'll go blind kid&#34;", "they fit nicely. finally a shoe that's wide enough. love the color. comfortable and light weight. The heel dug into my heels the first day I wore them but now it doesn't.", "I bought mine at a local store and compared to most Nike shoes these are not narrow. These are sharp and by far not cheap looking. I wear size 12 to 13 in most shoes and the 12 fits great. Perfect for every day use and very sporty looking. Very comfortable shoe and I would recommend these.", "Love them", "I never ordered sneakers online before. I was always afraid they would not fit right. But the sneakers actually fit better than the sneakers that I bought at the store. They were perfect. I read all the reviews and took a shot and it worked out great. I think I'm going to buy another pair in a different color.", "Light weight and very comfortable. Made a little wider. Some brands are just to narrow for a medium width. So I really like the extra room. Thats why I purchased another pair", "These shoe have a good fit and they are very comfortable. They run true to size and respond very well.", "Great workout shoe.  I need an extra half size larger in any Nike product, but knowing that I've discovered that I can buy these on-line without worry.", "I love Nike it's a the top of the food chain for me, I like other brands but love nike", "Very comfortable, looks sweet, and we'll designed. Hopefully they last as long as the last pair st over a year of heavy usage", "I have really bad knees, so finding a training shoe that doesn't irritate my knee can be problematic for me. I usually have to end up buying arch insoles that take the pressure off the knee. However, these shoes fit well, and take the pressure off of my knee without buying special insoles. Easy to keep clean and lightweight.", "Well made, no problems.", "These are comfortable and lightweight. They look good and the shoe strings never get twisted unlike my new balance shoes.", "I looked around for a good week finding the best deals/running shoes. This are the perfect shoes if you do all types of training. If you're looking just to run, and that's it; these shoes aren't for you. They're good running shoes, don't get me wrong, but I would've gotten a little lighter had that been my goal. I lift, do cross fit, short agility drills, and run about 2-3 miles. Perfect shoes for just that.", "I am wearing this shoe for workouts and coaching.  Love it. Very comfortable and stable for working out and anywhere be it in the gym or knocking around.", "I like these shows a lot. They are comfortable, yet firm. They are also easy to clean. Would recommend them.", "This shoe fits and feels great. It's very light in weight and has cool stylish features. Love the color, so it's a little different from most running shoes.", "These shoes are EXTREMELY comfortable. They have great cushioning on the bottoms, and they provide excellent grip on just about anything, from concrete to grass. The great cushioning also absorbs a lot of impact when you jump off of something. There isn't much else to say about these shoes, and I would recommend them to anyone who is looking for a nice running/sports shoe.", "Rhee Ali TeeA great shoe if you're an active walker or just getting back into running (or are a part-time) runner", "It fits as expectedThe material looks rather good qualityOther potentials customers should consider the style and type of material this shoe is made of (when I purchased it there were just one little picture available. Zoom view was not available)The item is below my expectation but it looks rather good quality", "I bought these for my husband and he loved them.  I can't say how they are holding up because he's cautious about wearing them because he doesn't want to &#34;mess&#34; them up.", "This was a great buy for me! I usually wear 11.5 in Nike shoes so I ordered 11.5 and they fit perfectly. They're nice and light so they'll be perfect for casual wear or when I'm running around. The biggest surprise was they look better in person than on the picture which is a bit unusual because it's usually the other way around. I definitely recommend these for people that like athletic shoes that are light  and extremely comfortable!", "I really love these shoes so far. Very light, comfortable, good cushioning, good fit and support. Though I appreciate the 'brighter' colors on a lot of today's athletic shoes, these work better for me when I wear them casually. My only concern for their durability is the interesting lacing support with the lace supports themselves being laces. My fear is that these will fail before the rest of the shoe leaving the shoe useless. I'll update the review if it does prove to be a problem in the future. For now, 5 stars!", "As advertised. High quality shoe that looks and fit fantastic. Used it on an overseas trip. Very comfortable and lightweight.", "Wow, These are amazing shoes. I could wear these for the rest of my life, and die a happy man. They are so light, it's unbelievable. The cushion on the sole makes it feel like you're walking on air. The bottom of the shoe has hard patches of rubber on them, so when your foot lands on the ground, it feels solid, but the softer material that the rubber is attached to cushions your foot, so your foot doesn't get tired fast.", "I have been wearing these for a few months now, and they are wonderful. Very comfortable, and they are showing very little sign of wear. Highly recommended!", "Love this sneaker.  It's my second pair.  They are exceptionally comfortable and light.  Flexible and very-well cushioned.I usually wear a 7-7.5 in regular shoes and an 8 in running shoes due to needing a bit of extra space for my orthotics in the running shoes.  But these fit, with the added orthotics, in a 7.5.", "I bought these shoes as a present for my wife and she can be very picky when it comes to shoes. Since she put them on for the first time she has said nothing but good things about them.", "Love this shoe but can get it for less than this at the Nike outlet stores.", "In the last month , I've bought 3 pairs of cross - trainers mainly for classes like Zumba. This pair has been the overall best for this type of activity without buying a specific \"dance\" shoe.  There  is enough arch support.  Also, I really like the color combination.  If the sole had a small swivel pad then they would be perfect.  Despite not having this feature, I am still able to turn side to side very easily.", "Very lightweight and perfect for cross training. cute colors too.", "I can see why people say the size runs a little small.. I'm a size 8 and ordered 8. It is a little snug but still fits perfectly because my toes are not crammed at the front. I absolutely love the design!!! I train with these shoes in the gym and they give me perfect support!", "I bought these shoes not knowing exactly what size to get. I already had  a pair of Nike free 5.0 and thought these would be exactly the same but they weren't.  even tho they weren't what i thought they were going to be they are perfect. the yellow is a very bright highlighter yellow and purple and blue are a nice dim but somewhat bright color.  they're super light and comfy.", "I train for a couple of different events every year, and buy about 3 pairs of shoes for each year. These are my first purchase this year, and they've made me ready to retire both of my old pairs.They are super light weight, and very comfortable. Like walking on a foam cloud... I've been using them for cross-training, and with the jumping and high-intensity work outs, I am not disappointed. I have much less pain in my knees and ankles than before. They are also very breathable, which is a great addition.(I have not used them outside, only for the indoor workouts and treadmill use. So how they would hold up on different turfs, I cannot say for sure.)", "With hammer toes a problem when wearing tennis shoes, a friend suggested these!  I had tried several different brands, but couldn't stand the discomfort. Tried these on, bought and they are the perfect fit!  Ordered another pair from you and am sure I will in the future.  Comfort is important to me.", "I usually order a half size up in sneakers. I wear a 7 1/2 and bought an 8- they fit perfect and the colors are great.", "They are lite to the feet and are very comfy. My daughter just love the feel of them. Very flexible and cool. One happy young lady.", "I really like this shoe. Colors are exactly as advertised. Overall fit is a bit tight for wide width feet. Recommend buying a half size bigger than regular size.  Also would not recommend for long distance walking ( walks longer than one hour).", "...are awesome! I have had them over a month now and I am still getting compliments. I wear them at work, and they are very comfortable. I have to move around on concrete all day and my ankles definitely do not even feel it!", "love the look of this shoe but i have a flat,wide foot and did not work for my foot sent back to seller .I will not be buying from the seller again horrible service .I never wore shoe outdoors just in my home to see if they would work for my foot. Well they are currently sending shoe back to me saying will not return because they were worn???? Yeh in my house???? so love nike shoe cute just not good for my foot . Seller I will never buy again from", "`i purchased these shoes from amazon not even 3 weeks ago and already they are falling apart. they run really nicely for the first two days, but after that they were just like my year-old sneakers. definitely not what i expected for $100. i would not recommend them for everyday use at all, maybe running. if your thinking about buying these i really suggest you don't.", "i really like these in the pics online but in person they arent great. toe area is tight and no wiggle room. easily returned though!", "I love these shoes. I have a very thin foot and these fit great without feeling like there is extra space on the sides of my feet.", "The Nike Women's Dual Fusion TR2 Training Shoe is well constructed, with good arch support and an appealing appearance.  However, the toe box is much too tight and the sizes run small.", "Works great for me. I like low profile shoes for cross training and this fits the bill. Lightweight, flexible and very, very comfortable. True to size too.", "It's light & cushions my feet.  Perfect for Zumba & other fitness programs. It's a little narrower at the entry but once the foot is half way through the foot just slides in.", "Great shoes comfortable and perfect for my gym workouts. Low around ankle so if you need more ankle support these shoes are probably not suitable.", "While the shoe looked cute, it was narrow and a full size too small.(length)  very light-weight. Not sure how well it would perform as s a trainer.", "Love this sneaker.  Love the print, the colors, the fit.  So light weight.  I have not used these for walking though, just for going out and about.  Very comfortable, true to size.", "Really love these sneakers. They arrived quickly,look just like the picture and were true to size.Very happy with my purchase.", "Was great fit for my young lady she was so happy Omg you all make me type more than I want too", "I have only had these sneakers for 5 days. So far I find these sneakers extremely comfortable. I tend to have pain in my arch whenever I wear sneakers. I have no pain in my arch since I have been wearing these.", "These sneakers are so cute and comfortable. Couldn't be more happy with my purchase, it feels like I'm walking on air.", "They looked like sport and excercising pair of shoes, but were much better.  They can even be used to go out ocassionally.  Colors and details are accurate.  I gave them to my sister-in-law and she loved them!", "It's time buying this style. OMG what was I waiting for.? These are like walking on a cloud. The some inserts are some type of me sort foam padding and my foot just sinks right I to it. They stay cool during the day because of the breathable mesh type materials. Price for quality and value are unbeatable.", "Durable and comfortable.", "I love these shoes!  Also had great customer experience.  I had a question about the shoe and customer service was exceptional. They looked for different color and even offered to send a new pair and sent me an email so I could look at the different color.  I ended up keeping these and I am glad I did!", "I love my flex trainer 2 and thought these would be similar. Not so. Will keep these and wear for mucking about, but don't care for the nylonish upper and the fit feels off somehow. Size is fine but feels like the sole is too high on the outside. Tends to lean the foot over toward the inside. Sorry I bought these.", "i love it i wish i could put them in a crystal box so they dont get dirty or something like that.  fit perfect and the colors are beautiful", "I switched from Adidas to Nike shoes about a year and a half ago, after trying on and purchasing my favorite pair of Nike Free Run 7.0 shoes. I bought these to use with indoor workouts. My foot tends to be a tad wide  These Trainers are not as top of the line as the running shoes. The toe box is slightly more narrow and the shoe is more stiff than the Free Run Series. The back of the shoe also comes up a little higher. I find them less comfortable. I'll probably order another pair of the Nike Free Run series shoes and use these as back up shoes. I love the color and look but after finding another fit, in the same brand that was so comfortable, it's hard to digress.", "I haven't bought running sneakers in years buy I could remember always feeling weird and would have to break them in. However these sneakers fit very comfortably and I love them.  They are a very light fit as if I have nothing on my feet.", "it was good. it is very soft and there are flex memory foam in it. but size was slightly bigger than I expected", "I was not happy with these shoes. I did not like the way they fit and they were not comfortable. I am surprised because I really like Nike running shoes.", "They aren't cushioned very well. They are hard on my feet. I will need soft inserts.", "The shoes fit perfectly and are wide in front and comfortable to play tennis with. Tennis players should all get this type of shoe, even if you are a beginner.", "Comfortable shoe but doesn't have enough cushion. I won't buy it again.", "I usually buy nike sneakers &#8230;these were very stiff &#8230;.. not what i was expecting  &#8230;. would not recommend at all&#8230;..", "the shoe laces are really short, hard to double knot. they are a bit snug but overall I like them.", "I bought these first from tennis warehouse in Glacier,  they recently took the sale off of them so I decided to check amazon for the gray pair in 7.5. Found them :) These shoes are extremely comfortable, very light (basically its like a featherlight hat but for your feet), and very smooth with movement and bends of the foot. The style is cool, and you feet don't get as hot as they do in other shoes.I have an old injury (torn ligament in the arch of my right foot) and most shoes just kill me to the point of having to sit down for 20 minutes and hold my foot because it will have a spazum and lock up . These are the first shoes that I've bought since my injury that didn't hurt, and didn't hurt my shins (probably from how light they are or where the sole is a nice density and padding too so it would maybe absorb shock from running more).They are slightly narrow, but if you have skinny feet/not wide as I do they'll be perfect for you. Once on you feet they do look like you put them on the wrong feet because of the design (but it's pretty cool looking also), but I still love these shoes. First NIKEs I've bought myself in 15+ years, and I'm 25. Way to go NIKE, making me want to buy every edition on this style!", "Great for your average player", "I absolutely love these shoes! I've gotten so many compliments on them. They're comfortable and they don't slip on the gym floor when I'm working out.", "I loved the shoes I just wish I got the bigger size.you need more choices to choose from. Thank you", "I love them! They are pretty much perfect! Really comfortable. Good work out shoes. Feels like I'm walking on air.", "These shoes are VERY comfortable. I compared their fit to the Adidias Barricade (which I've worn for years), but they are much lighter than the Barricade.  I bought them on 12/23/13 and did not really play in them until mid January.  I gave it 3 stars because the threaded seam on the left toe has torn.  The right toe is also about to bust.  I guess I drag my toe (4.0 singles player), but my Adidas shoes lasted at least 1 year before they stretched out (never wore out sole or toe)!  Thru research, I learned that NIKE had NO WARRANTY on this shoe and would NOT replace or give me credit (lower end model).  After 2 months of wear, I was disappointed.  I took to a shoe repair place and they restitched the toe as best they could, so maybe I'll get thru this spring's matches.Even though these are comfortable, I won't be buying this model again.", "I had to return these shows. I have a slight bunion on one foot and the shape of the shoe does not accomodate for a bunion....", "I have a bad back and am very sensitive to shoes. In the past, Nike has served well and when I saw the Vapor I felt safe trying it. This is a beautiful shoe and, indeed, works well. I was surprised to find I needed a shoehorn to put them onbut since I am actually a small size 10  it works for me. I love this shoe!", "This is an excellent shoe. It had a wide toe box and an adjustable forefoot area so it fits really well and is very comfortable. There was no break in period and it's fast, light and has just enough cushion to make it comfortable but not too bouncy.My one issue is that it seems to really tear up clay and har-tru surfaces. It does not say anywhere that it's hard court shoe but I am wondering if it is.", "I got these in the blue and purple- adorable, easy to match with my scrubs. However, that was not the reason I bought them. I bought them because I love Nike shoes, and needed a replacement for my gym work outs. These are most certainly not running shoes, but looked pretty decent for some beginning cross fit and my normal routine. They fit, but aren't the most comfortable when you're moving about. At work, they're fine. In the gym or even when I'm doing my stability ball and ab roller in my room, they just end up hurting my heel and arches.", "Great shoe!!! Somewhat large!!! I like that it came whit another pair of laces. Fits right when I use it whit socks", "I have never purchased shoes online before but even without being able to try them on, the Nike for true to size, comfortable for jogging and cross training, and look great!", "Very comfy. Def will order more. I love these shoes. Nike sizes are always consistent. Very pleased with this purchase and how quickly it arrived.", "Ordered these for my granddaughter, she Loves them. Said they are very comfortable. Likes the bright pink trim. she wanted them to go with an outfit, & they matched nicely. & so far, they are still looking and wearing great.", "Love them!! They run small so I had to get a larger size and return the 8 but the 8.5 are fabulous I totally love them!! Great arch support too!", "This is the most comfortable tennis shoe I had in years.  I am on my feet at work all day, at the end of the day my feet do not hurt.", "Bought these for my wife after trying them on at a local store.  They were $35 less on Amazon than the local store and that was worth it.  Great fitting shoe to use for her purpose, playing tennis, but can be used as a general cross training shoe.", "Fit great.  Nice and snug on the low ankle.  I just wish they would make me run faster.  Great buy!", "I was upset to see that these were USED shoes and were advertised as brand new also they came with black laces instead of brown.... They are really clean and not creased or dirty, but they are USED.", "Like it alot", "My hubby loves them! Awesome birthday present. Boys picked them out. Reccomend these for anybody. I love throw backs alot. Cool", "I have been looking for high-tops for quite a while.  I appreciate Nike making them again and as exactly as they were made in the 80s but with a little 21st century update.  The shoe fits great.  As a have a wide foot, I typically go up a 1/2 size with Nike and they fit perfectly.  If you are looking for that perfect 80s High-top, this is the perfect one.", "A dream of many years to come true and I'm love them to the fullest, Thanks for making it easy for a man's dream come true. What an awesome pair of unique basketball shoes.", "These shoes are perfect and comfortable. They are eye catching and I get many compliments on the shoes. I would buy another pair.", "This shoe is light but very sturdy. I recently rolled my ankle so I needed a shoe with increased outboard heal support. I feel confident running in these shoes.", "My son loved these things when he first got them but as with all kids they don't look so good now.", "I'm in love with the airmax 90, I bought it for my husband and it fitted perfect. Just one little dirty spot it had on the sneaker but other wise I am satisfied wit my purchase", "Fit and comfortable when walking or running. But I put its sole in the dryer&#8230; and it became a scroll&#8230;", "I absolutely love these shoes!! Their comfortable, and I love the look. They fit true to size. Everytime I wear them I receive compliments.", "My product was my Nike Hypervenom Phade FG cleats. I love soccer so I get new cleats a lot. These are my favorite cleats so far. They are comfortable and easy to tie. The structure and color of the cleat are also very good.-Hypervenom-Pink-Navy Blue-Ladies Athletic Shoes-NikeThe only thing I didn't like about them is the size runs big. I got the right size but they were still a little big. If you end up buying this product get them a little smaller than usual. Other that that they are amazing cleats.You might need them when you are playing in a soccer game, practicing, or just playing around. When playing in them they feel great. These cleats are good for kids, teenagers, or adults. They fit good for anyone who needs them.I have had friends/family who have had Nike Hypervenom cleats before. They loved them and said they lasted them for quite a while. My old cleats were also good while they lasted. I had them for about seven months until they got a huge hole in it and got worn out. With Nike Hypervenom you will not have that problem!", "No comment.  I really love this scandal very comfortable and light to wear. Once again I just to thank you.", "Wore them for the 1st time today.  Great traction on a slippery court.  Good ventilation, and high ankle support.  There seems to be a plastic piece on the inside of the right shoe that is rubbing my small toe.  Not sure if they just need to be broken in or if this is a defect.", "I bought my daughter the Nike Flex running shoe in September, and my son a pair of Nike Free in the same month.  After only one month, both pairs of shoes are falling apart.  My daughter's shoes stitching started unraveling around the laces, and coincidentally, my son's shoes had the same problem.Having never bought Nike's for my kids, I'm really disappointed.  Thankfully, I was able to exchange both shoes, and ended up getting Underarmour shoes instead.The fit and look were just fine, but the quality is horrible.  I'd recommend getting another shoe.  These won't last.", "Great shoe. Nothing but compliments.  Eye catcher.Was actually looking for another shoe when I came across this one. Glad I went with this one.", "Authentic and delivered on time, really nice shoes", "Love them. I wear these in the hospital all day when I am on call or when I'm in the OR and my feet feel great at the end of the day.", "My boyfriend loves these shoes! He usually hates wearing ruining sneakers, but these shoes fit well and are very cozy. Great buy for someone getting back into running!", "This item was not as described.  It might well be a child's large, but it is NOT a youth large.", "I love these shoes! First off they are very stylish and classic looking, which is what I wanted. I think this classic vintage look looks so nice. The shoes are very comfortable, and I can wear them around all day without having my feet hurt. I have size 11 feet, but when I got mine they felt a tad small for size 11's. I would recommend ordering half a size bigger than what you normally wear. I would definitely buy another pair of these again.", "i love this shoes everything about this shoes is awesome, the color the design and comfortable. Superxtra happy about my shoes.", "Too small you should order half number more. If you ar&eacute; 9 you should order 9 and half Otero that that i love it !", "If you wear a size 11 shoe . Then you should order a size 12 shoe. It runs a size too small. The fit and comfort is good.", "It was bit expensive for the shipping cost ($58), but I'm happy to have this shoes. I'll buy from this site for the next purchase", "These are true to size & of great quality. Looking forward to buying more pairs in different colors for him! Son says they are very comfy!", "I've had this style shoe for a number of years and while I like the fit of the Nike Shox, these seemed a little more narrow than I remember them being when they are new.  After wearing them for several days, they're starting to loosen up.", "The reason I picked three stars is I order 9 1/2 which is my size came a little bit tight", "They were small some how but im using them", "Fits a tad bit looser than AM90's in my opinion. I'm really surprised this colorway isn't up there with the infrared 90's. A classic look that works well with any casual outfit.", "Great fit super confortable, i will not wear another sandal ever again. Suggest for All them lazy/ hard working joe", "I had been looking for them for awhile and glad yall had them and still in my size Thanks Again", "They are perfect and fit . I'll order shoes here next time I'm looking for a new pair for sure..", "Bought these for my fiance for his birthday and its the only shoes he wants ti wear! They are very nice, and comfy!! Shipped fast and well packaged!", "I love Nike Air Max, they are the best sneakers they have besides Jordon's. I have every style and color I could find, and I am glad I found one with these colors. Great sneaker! worth the money", "It appeared as was expected: cool and comfortable. I started wearing them as soon as I got it home and feel really pleased.", "I am satisfied with delivery, it was very fast, the box was a bit broken and old, but that's okay, shoes fit and I am satisfied with them, but I am very disappointed with the tax I had to pay for them. I didn't expect that I would have to pay the third of the price of the shoes so I ended up paying A LOT. all in all i give this purchase 4 stars.", "I wear Nike AIR MAX all the time and I purchase them usually from high-end athletic shoe retailers. This shoe is by far the cheapest made and poor quality shoe that I have EVER purchased!! Nike is all about quality and this shoe by far is poorly crafted. I removed the shoe inserts from this shoe and compared it with the other AIR MAX I own and these shoes definitely weren't made by Nike- the box was even old and odd; it was a orange box.Don't waste your money buying these knock-offs!! If you are a TRUE AIR MAX fan, you will be out of $100 bucks and disappointed as these shoes are not what is being advertised", "This shoe was recomended by a doctor because i have done hair for 43 yrs. and my feet are always aching. The shoe has a good arch support an helps my feet.Order from amazon they have everything i need.", "Live this sneaker! I love the fit, color combination and overall style of the shoe. It is an unexpectedly heavy shoe so be prepared for that. That and the price would be my ONLY complaint of this shoe.", "I love them. They fit perfectly and I always get compliments on them. I highly recommend them to other people.", "I love these shoes.  They're so comfortable and fit true to size.  Can wear them with jeams or sweats and still look cute.  I don't use them for working out but as an every day shoe they're great.", "I'm happy with the product  quality and performance. :) Shoes fit great, are very comfortable and have received complements from people.", "I normally don't pay this much for tennis shoes because I don't wear them often well purchase them often but I love these sooooo much and I needed these because I need shoes with good support (bad feet) for workout, work and play! You won't be displeased with you purchased.", "Love the color!Love the fit!Girlie girlie green & neon...Nike has the perfect hoodie to match :)Absolutely adorable with gray, black, green, yellow and whiteThey are fashionable!", "Great sneakers! Arrived in just 3 days and size was perfect. Very comfortable and love the colors. Must have for sure!", "Great shoes!!", "Very nice pair of Nikes. They arrived just as expected. The size was true to fit and the color matched the description exactly. I had a concern that the green color may have been more like a yellow color which I had noticed on similiar Nikes, however, I am pleased that they were the exact color which was pictured in the description. Thank you for offering a great product which was well described. Made making my purchase decision much easier.", "Got these for my husband, who is pretty picky when it comes to sneaks!! He loved it.  This pair is super cool!! The color is great and has a great arch support.  He wore it the entire weekend.  The service and the follow up was amazing.  Thank you for a fast ship!!", "i found these particular sneakers better looking in person than i had hoped.  i absolutely love them.  very comfortable and the color combination gets compliments everywhere i go.", "Don't order your size unless you have very narrow feet. Order these one number up for more room around your toes, it did work for me.", "I like them a lot. The only bad thing about this shox is that they run a liltle small. Next time I would go for size 11 not 10 1/2.", "Had bought this model for my son before. It did not disappoint. Nice looking and very comfortable. Nice color. We had gotten the gray ones before. The good looks of the sneakers hold for a long time even with heavy wearing.", "My husband LOVES Nike Shox and this is his 5th pair.  This pair was a little snug (only 1/2 size too small) but we decided to try and break them in.  The first time he wore them, the tread on the bottom came off.  There are colored nub like traction on the bottom. A couple came off one shoe and 3 came off the other.  This has never happened before with any other pair he has bought from other sellers.  Although we love this brand, we will not be buying anymore from this seller.", "Looks awsone! Bought the wrong size (my bad) so i had to return it.", "Great product - as advertised. I've enjoyed them for over a month now. I recommend them to anyone who is looking.", "I love this shoe.  Great color and quality.  No imitation here.  I would definitely order these shoes again, they are great!", "Let me state for the record that I don't actually use these shoes to skate in. Maybe I'll cruise around the block or down to the store but that's the extent of my skating. I got these because the Koston 1s were so comfortable, I had to get a second pair in a darker color. And I figured since I was going to get another pair of Kostons, I might as well get the 2s. I mean the 1s are so awesome, the 2s would be just as awesome if not more right? Ehh..........  The first thing I noticed is that it's not as easy to get my foot in the shoe. That is because the eyelets are much closer together and go barely halfway down the top of your foot. It *almost* feels like a slip-on trying to get them on. The good part of that is the shoe feels more snug. EXCEPT the heel part of the shoe is not similarly snug. I don't know if it's my foot or the design but the heel doesn't feel as secure. And because of that, the shoe feels unbalanced.  On second thought, I'm going to say it's the design. Take a gander at the heel. What is that thing on the heel above the sole?? I have a slight, but not total regret, buying this shoe. I wish I would've tried them on in a store but they are still comfortable and still have the Lunarlon sole which is super great. For me though, the Koston 1s feel mo betta.", "Light weight and cute. I'm a nurse and I run around in these all day without my usual arch supports. My feet feel great at the end of the day.", "This is my favorite look of the FREE series, however, they fit a little snug, and may not be the best choice for flat feet...", "Best shoes on this planet. I love how comfortable they are. I could fill my closet with these shoes in every color and be a happy girl.", "I usually wear size 9.5.  But with this pair of shoes it's a tight fit.  You would need a size 10 in order for this style of shoes to work.", "After 8 weeks of playing one night a week of softball, the inside, front heel cleat is torn off the right foot and is tearing off of the left foot.  I had some keystones from back in 2008 that are still going strong, and I just bought these to have something newer and better.  Hopefully Nike will work with me on an exchange, but I won't r", "I ordered these for my son. When we received these we both were impressed how they looked.  Better than even the picture on Amazon. They are very lightweight.", "I ordered these for my son.  They not only came fast but were just what he wanted.  All in all a great shoe.", "My son plays travel baseball year round. This shoe is very high quality and rugged enough to deal with 5 game weekends twice per month. The fit was great and it is a great looking shoe. Blends well with the grey or white pants. Most importantly, the cleats are not wearing down as fast as others do. This shoe is highly recommended.", "Nice quality. It is worth it for the price of the item, definitely would recommend these to a friend. Shipping was fast too", "Had these shoes for two months, wore them to the river and after walking on regular size rocks and pebbles, came home and both shoes were popped.  Very thin sole between air bag and bottom of sole.  Goat-heads or any sharp rock will pop these shoes in a jiffy.  Guaranteed.  Waste of money, but the store did take them back.  Nike outlet store has these for $74.99.  Go get them while they're hot!", "What size is the nike zoom lebron 4 in. Is a size 10, 9.5, or 10.5. If it is please contact me as soon as possible. I would like to purchase the shoe but do not know what because i am not given the information for size.", "I got these for my husband and he loves them.  They don't get dirty easily (it has been 6 months and they still look brand new even though he wears them often).  I hear from him all the time how he received another compliment on them.  GREAT BUY!!", "Shoes are much tighter than expected,  but not too tight. Very comfortable and very stylish. Recommended to any type of runner.", "I where a size 11 in every pair of nikes I've ever owned! This size 11 is SMALL! Wish I would of ordered a half size bigger.", "They are Shox, I've always had great luck with Shox and these follow suit. They are very compfortable and breath well.", "I have issues with buying gym shoes. Because I have a wide foot but heal is narrow. The nike shows are great because they are wide up front but still locks the heal in place. The size is true to what I wear and the quality is great. Liked these shoes so much I ordered them in both colors.", "I have never ordered shoes online because I like to try them on first.. But I took a chance. And I normally wear Nike. So the Nike sizes are the same  so was not tooo worried.  And they fit great !", "Love this shoe!  Husband has back problems and this is the only shoe that helps his back while walking.  Fit is a little snug but if you are a nike lover you know this.  After a few wears its perfect and or buy a size in a half bigger then you would for another shoe.", "Comfortable, durable, great support are how I would describe these shoes. They fit well and support my feet very well.", "I like the comfortable fit. These shoes are great for a moderate to long run. They are becoming hard to find.", "Comfortable, fits perfectly, good quality has expected, perfect for running with a lot of gripRecommend for sports or daily use", "i go through a lot of tennis shoes.  i work on my feet bartending and have for years  these are some of the best shoes i have tried in a long time  i wear my shoes out every three to four months.", "Very tight fit. Didn't have an adjustable tongue. The look of the shoe was nice. Like the mesh and colors", "Honestly - I'm very particular about my sneakers.  I do a lot of aerobics - and tend to really notice elements of shoes that others often don't.  I noticed the price tag associated with these shoes - and it almost scared me away (to be honest with you).  Glad I wasn't!  From the moment I put these shoes on - I knew they were the right ones.  Nike's tend to run a little 'small' on me - so I purchased a 10 - when in fact I normally (for a dress shoe) wear a 9.5.  Wow - great fit.  Incredible look feel.  I only worked out in them twice (thus far) but the knee pain that I had felt with my previous sneakers does not exist with these - so believe me when I say - they're worth EVERY PENNY.  Thanks Nike and Amazon!", "i choose this shoes because i need it to run long distances. i recomend this producto to everyone who want to experience a lightweight shoes thtat cause no fatigue at all and it will deliver excelent performance.", "got the same size as my other free run but this one fits tighter, Its not completely comfortable , however its workable because of the flex/give the uppers have", "my  grandson wear this shoes every day - also in this snowing wheather and he has no problem with wet feet. But is he have cold feet i can not say. But I will him ask and give this information to you as soon I have itOverall:P My grandson is happy and loved them a lot", "my husband loved themhe loves tge color. the feel and the look. he wants me to buy him another pare for christmas. and what he dont know is i got it for a steel .", "I was afraid to buy shoes online at first, but the size is exactly what you would expect from other shoes. No surprises, and my son loved it!", "These shoes are the worst pair of basketball shoes I have ever owned. I had the for 1 month and the broke in three different places to where i cant use them any more. DO NOT BUY!", "Love them. Fits perfect (german size is 44) and they are pretty good looking. Very fast delivery from US to Germany. I can absolutely recommend them", "These shoes are GREAT!!!  They feel very good on my feet!  They fit great and I think they look pretty good!  I am very satisfied with this purchase and would highly recommend these shoes.  The price was a decent (I saw them a little cheaper on eBay, but that's eBay).  The provider shipped very quickly and I thought the overall transaction was great!", "I was looking for a fashionable sneaker and took a chance on the Lebrons.  They are great looking and very comfortable.  Definitely pleased with this transaction.", "Ordered these shoes before a trip and they arrived right on time. They are comfortable and very stylist, plus they can be worn with jeans, casual pants and of course shorts. It was a great purchase and a true to size fit.", "I've always wanted these shoes since I was a kid, and could never afford them.  Well, I saw these on Amazon and wanted to finally buy a pair.  From the pics, they looked great.  But when I received them in the mail, I was EXTREMELY disappointed!  These shoes are NOT bright white...or even white.  Rather, they are cream.  Specifically, they look like they were bought when they originally came out like in 1988 or so, and was keep in the closet since.  These shoes looked aged!DO NOT BUY THESE SHOES, because they LOOK OLD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", "Great", "Best shoes for me but four pairs different colors great ankle and sole support love it walked all over disneyland just awesome  Iam a fan!", "Hi, I had order this Nike NSW SKYstepper Men's Sneakers Pure Platinum/Atomic Red-White, for my Nephew, it arrived before the time stated, Not sure of the Location to The Bahamas, packaging was great, size was as requested & tracking was available. He Love's it, Thx. Amazon & Rollbackdeal, for making this transaction a smooth one.", "These shoes fit great and are very comfortable I am happy I purchased them and will continue to search for my next pair.", "ankle sleeves rub in the back", "It is a gift to my grandson. He is thrilled with the fit and performance. If for myself, definitely a different color.", "The shoe in itself was ok based on the size selection. However the packing was intact but the black strings` on the side was busted.  RETURN SHIPPING TOO EXPENSIVE SO I WILL HAVE TO MAKE DO.  BIG DISAPPOINTMENT", "i love this shoe, it feels great on my feet, id like to get an extra pair any time soon", "This shoe was a bit pricy, but compared to lebron james shoe- it is reasonable. It is even better looking in person. Fit true to size.", "Nice shoes. Was a gift for my godson. He likes very much this shoes for play basketball with his team and friends.", "My son love it!  He wears it for basketball.  Gets comments about it at very game!  He wants to buy another pair.", "The shoes were really nice and so comfortable. They were really light too. The reason I did not give it a 5 was because the tongue of the shoe where you tie your shoes was connected and not disconnected like regular shoes. It was like a child's shoes, thus it didn't have any flexibility near the tongue where I tried to pick it up to try and fit my foot in the shoe. I ordered a 6 and it fit like a size 5 so I decided to return them. If your thinking or getting these I highly suggest to get one size bigger. The seller was nice enough to refund my purchase. I wish they did fit me because they are super cute! They're fairly expensive but for the quality and looks of the shoes, the price is good. Only thing I did not like was the tongue or whatever of the shoe.", "My girl loved them and I must admit if I had a vagina I would wear these too..the free run+2 are my favorite free runs and the pink on black is nice, real nice!", "My father in law bought some of these shoes 10 years ago and now just replaced them!! He loved them!!", "these are hard core tuff. They still give me the Nike Experience. just Awesome. I purchase alot of stuff online. And this pair of Nike boots ROCK.", "I love this purchase. Looking to pickup another pair I saw that was not available in my size when it does before available.", "I purchased these boots for my grandson, He loves them, he said the are very comfortable, warm and are doing great  for our wintery snow storms, they arrived within three days and I am very satisified with this purchase.", "I got these boots before the estimated dilivery date. I love the fit and style. I would recommend them to anyone. The best way to go is online. If you wear a 10 1/2 get an 11.", "Comfortable boot, but after 5 months of minimal wear (truck driver/driving truck) the sole is falling off. $160 for 5 months of wear? Never again!", "I wear a Nike 9.5 for all of my other Nike brand shoes.  These boots in a 9.5 seem to run a tad bit larger, however for my purposes it actually worked out great.  I wanted to wear very thick socks and they fill the void quite well!  I have been wearing these boots now for about a week and I am surprised to say I have to agree with all of the other reviewers out there that these boots are in fact comfortable to wear.  They don't feel overly clunky, or heavy and I can walk around in these boots all day without any weird rubbing or discomfort.  I hope these hold up for a while, but if not I would definitely buy another pair again.EDIT:I had a chance to use these boots in NYC during the cold weather and in snow!  I walked miles and miles on end and I did not suffer from any hot spots or blisters.  My feet were sore and fatigued but that's normal wear and tear from walking and standing around for 8-12 hours a day.  These boots held up so well!  I stepped in a few puddles by accident and snow was building up around the toe box area and my feet were warm and dry with some thick socks.  I can't say enough positive things about these shoes for what I used them for.", "...  (which is most likely what you're actually doing). Fits so well you don't know you have a shoe on, except for the (and forgive the old-fashioned term here) puts an incredible &#34;spring in your step&#34;.", "They look great! I'm happy with it and I got them fast.The price was right!! I was looking all over for this shoes :)", "These sneakers arrived on time. I was satisfied with the purchase. I originally seen these sneakers selling for $145.00. But, I copped them for $92( shipping and handling excluded). You do the math. These Nike Air Force 1'sdefinately elevate my sneaker game!", "I had earlier models of this shoes and enjoyed them.  I feel these are over priced considering this model is older, but they fit well and I enjoy playing basketball in them.  So, I'm happy.", "Lightweight and great overall fit - the Zoom Vapor 9 tour is comfortable and snug fitting tennis shoes especially on hardcourts.These colors are just an added bonus.  Had rave reviews and folks asking me about them all the time.... personally have generated more business for Nike :)  I got mine in the Men's version in my size (which usually runs 1.5 times smaller) than the women's size that you wear!noticed Nike finally made the Zoom Vapor 9 for women this year with kits for Azarenka and sharapova in orange!I liked Roger Federer's version the best!", "Good fit for the shoes...wear for couple of weeks and feel comfortable and play a couople of games and it is light weight and bouncy feeling..", "Great fit and comfort. Our son was very pleased with the feel and style. The colors were perfect and sizing was Perfect.", "Excellent fit for my sonny.", "AMAZING SHOES AND VERY BEAUTIFUL... THIS IS A GREAT SHOE FOR RUNNING AND HAS A VERY GOOD QUALITY.. THANK YOU", "Yes, i do! I love when i run whit this sneakers. They fit perfectly, the price is good and look great!", "My son was totally surprised to receive the shoes he had been looking for and could not find.  They fit perfectly and wore them to his basketball game.", "I love these very lite fit and comfortable great for my collection I would buy again I love these great find", "Perfect", "The shoe is very accurate and excellent thank you very much to handle upscale I wish you success thanks again", "It fits well , look cool and it feels realy comfortable while walking for long distance or at the gym.", "make sure you buy a whole size up if you have wide feet or high arches like me.  other than that, they feel great and are quite comfortable.", "Looks beautiful though, just cannot be worn", "Thank u so much i really like it so much &#60;3Finally i get these shose  i was looking for it long timethanks", "When I bought these I wore them with socks. After a few hours my feet were so sore and started to hurt because the shoes felt really tight. I have narrow feet like how you'd expect a woman's feet to look, (although I have seen some women with pretty stubby looking feet) so I wondered how other men who normally have wide and stubby feet would fare in these.  I then tried em without socks and they felt 100 times better!  I concluded that these shoes are meant to be worn without socks: 1) Their hard to put on with socks on. 2) Their too tight with socks on. 3) They're easier to put on without socks. 4) The opening of the shoe looks to be an imitation of an ankle sock.  Yes use them for running. You'll feel lighter. The shoelace is for looks really and serves no real function. Without them the shoes would look like slippers.", "Been looking for a running shoes that really helps with my knees problem, and tried everything. This one really changed my running and painful experience into a really satisfying one. Great one!!!", "Would be great shoes... But too small", "Great shoe that I will wear every time I run.  Would recommend this shoe to all of my many friends.", "I have been purchasing running shoes since 1970 so have purchased many hundreds of pairs so I thought I knew me size pretty well. But these shoes are a different animal and would definitely recommend purchasing one half size larger than you normally do. Worked out OK for me as i merely took the shoe insert out and don't wear socks but if you want to wear socks or use the insert get a larger size.  I also trimmed off the shoelace eyelets as the laces are not necessary at all and the shoes look much better without laces.  Very novel indeed and quite comfortable.  I use them for gardening and they are terrific as I don't get anything in my shoes.", "I wish Nike was still making this style of shoe with this sole. The new sole is not anywhere as comfortable as this one.", "Nice shoe. I should've went and recommend people go up .5 from their normal size. Other than that it's very nice.", "helloi wanna by one but i dont know what does  b(m) or d(m) mean please can u tell me what does that mean ??my size 42", "I had the flyknit lunars which are fantastic and went with these flyknit frees as well. The flyknit free have a more flexible sole but not quite the cushion of the lunars. The frees have a great compression upper that you can wear sockless but the compression fit can constrict over time.I usually wear a 12 in running shoes. My lunars are perfect in that size. The frees are a different beast. As I said the upper is a compression one and hugs your foot tightly. You don't actually need the laces on these it works so well. Issue is that over time it begins to hurt the top of your feet and a bit around the ankle. In my 12's I have given up wearing them with socks as they are just to tight. Barefoot is fine and in line with what they were designed for. I have a second pair in 13's now which is a first for me. They fit much better although they still feel a bit tight after a few hours. My wife has a pair of the frees as well in the womens model. She is a 9 and I got her a 9.5. She loves them but can't wear them all day due to the compression hurting the top of her foot. I probably could have gone to a 10 for her.Style, color, feel are awesome. One of the few shoes I can wear barefoot, although I generally perfer socks which is why I up sized. Just maybe think about going a bit bigger than normal if you want to wear socks with them or looking to wear them for extended or all day periods of time.", "It was amazing to deal with u the items was perfect and no damages on them but I hope to deliver it early next time and check if there is any damages", "Fits little too snug around my feet but I'm sure I'll get used to it. Very light and flexible.", "I was looking for it from a long time i couldnt find it in all LA stors just here . Thanks", "Perfect I fell in love with these shows after I ran 3 miles in them I will buy another pair, they are very light weight and slide on like a new pair of socks. I'm very pleased with Nike flyknits!", "I always wear a perfect size 9M....but these were a bit tight at the toe box.....re-ordered a 1/2 size up and they fit like a glove.", "Make sure you get a half, if not a full size bigger. I usually wear 10.5, but that wasn't happening with these shoes. I initiated a return authorization, and the client service dpt. are amazing. Had the bigger size on my feet a few days later. Great shoes from an amazing seller", "Perfect,  as i have come to expect from Amazon.", "They're so cute and comfortable!", "Comfortable, very light weight. Fits really tight at first but after wearing them for a min or two you will completely forget you are wearing any shoes at all. The laces seem pretty useless and are mostly there for looks. I took the laces out and find the shoe to be much more comfortable and easy to wear", "Look great!!!!Extremely comfortable!!!Fit just a tad small would recommend going up at least a half sizeThis is my third pair", "Bought the Flyknits for my son & he couldn't be happier with them; super light & look great. Will definately buy in other colors.", "Nice shoes. They are so comfortable. And they Look so food in your feet. It's incredible to see how they are made!!!.", "Ok well I saw these shoes at the nike factory outlet store for $49.99 in the sky blue color, and I was eyeing some nike free of the same color for $100 for a while so I got these. What I can say is walking running is great just like the nike free, these weigh practically nothing.You don't need socks to wear these, but I will say the spandex part of the upper at the very fit will conform VERY tight to your ankle, much like a very tight pair of socks. It will leave that imprint of the material, and sort of makes it look like I have cankles even though I don't.If you don't know what I mean, ever see a very large woman or man with tight fitting shoes and, at the top it looks like the dough from those biscuits you get in the tube, just after you pop the tube open ? It makes your leg look like that. I'd wear sock for a week or to until they loosen up, or maybe put a peice of tubing or something in there overnight.", "As far as the sizing is concerned it fit true to size. The upper did take some time to break in because they did feel a bit tight at the beginning around the upper part of my feet. I recommend you wear without sox though due to the tight fitting of the upper. Personally I find the Free Flynit perfect for sprints and  short track workouts but not recommended for running long distances due to the minimal design of the shoe. Overall a great looking and performing shoe.", "These are by far the most comfortable shoes that I have ever worn! Excellent for working out or running errands for a quick grocery run!", "I tried this sneaker on but it was slightly small. However I did consider keeping them because I thought they might fit after breaking them in. I ended up returning these shoes because I am diabetic and it is not recommended to use undersize footwear, however they seemed to be of quality construction. Attempted to order a larger size but they were not available through the same vendor. Item was available through other vendors but at a substantially higher price.", "Only down side is that the shoes have somewhat narrow soles. Other than that best running shoes I have. Would reccomend", "Really good shoe I would recommend to friends. Very lightweight and comfortable I also like all the colors it comes in", "It is good and comfortable.wearing it for several hours will exert pressure on the ankle.", "Let me start with what a great shoe!  It really helped me mitigate my heel strike. Seems to be a pretty standard Nike free sole with excellent curve from heel to toe and great mid arch support.  The whole &#34;sock like&#34; upper portion is truthfully kind of gimmicky.  Not in a negative way but certainly not necessary, It's good support all around with no pinching or digging and I have no complaints at all, I just don't see an &#34;advantage&#34; over a traditional Nike Free running shoe. I didn't see a need for the laces at all either, removed mine after the first run and not missed them yet. There is the aspect of not using socks with this shoe personally i couldn't do it, just felt weird. But I suppose as long as you washed them regularly this wouldn't be a problem.  Personally I haven't noticed anything truly negative at all and I have about 42mi collectively on them so far.", "A really great shoes, comfortable, really light, it's a great for walking and running, in a good look, recommended for all", "I chose it for the GYM and it fits like a glove. Should not be wearer with socks. size fits as expected", "The shoes pinch my ankle a little after I have wore them a while. I might just have tinder ankles but other then that I love the shoes. Super light and comfortable. I hope the elastic around the ankle loosens a bit after a while.", "They are so comfortable. I have a problem that my toe goes through my shoe and these don't they will last forever.", "These shoes are heaven to your feet! Super light and feels just perfect!Everything is great about these shoes!thank you!", "I use these shoes for everyday after work or even as a trainer when I go to the gym. It is made to be worn without socks. It will take some breaking in as the sock does add significant support.", "love the design..medium quality..cut... tight..if you have thick foot like me..my advice is to buy half or one size bigger..good seller though", "These are like socks with padding that you can run in without tearing up your feet.  I would recommend to a friend.", "I bought it for my friend. I order the same size (10M) of Nike with two different styles, one is as expected, but this pair is too large. I don't know why.", "Quick note: the shoes come out of the box a little curved at the toe, like an impotent shoe ready to be broken in, and they kind of remain that way after several runs.  The image above makes the shoe look odd.  This has no effect on my review, or their performance, however.On to the shoe.  I've always like nike free, but went through a falling out with running for a while.  after picking it back up by transition into Barefoot running, Vibrams, then NB Minimus, I bought frees.  Loved 'em, but didn't like how the shoe was shaped like either foot (curving left or right at the toe box).  I got an email from Nike showing the release of the Flyknits, and absolutely had to have them.They took a week or so to get used to: wearing w/o sox is the preferred style, and this allows the elastic opening to chafe the front of my leg, right above the top of the foot.  It went away, and running was never the same.- Shoes are super light and responsive.  I don't HATE thicker more cushioned shoes, but I don't wear them.  I like a more natural feel, and these deliver.  The 7-4mm drop is just the amount of cushioning I could want, and the outsoles are soft and super flexy.- the flyknit material keeps the shoe tight and on your foot, even w/o sox.  No friction, no moving, great ventilation.  Somewhat constrictive, but it feels great.  also keeps a nice, curved shoe that doesn't force your foot in a flat or straight position, and doesn't fight against pronation.- can run with or w/o laces.  I keep em just to maintain that shoe look, rather than skittles colored house slippers, but I haven't adjusted them in months.- if you like minimal, or rather, running on the front of your foot, these may not be the best for you.  they help maintain a good forward/midfoot strike, which I like (and if i wanna switch it up i thrown on my NB minimus road).  the soles are rather wide and long, so there's much more contact, but they're sectioned, allowing more surface area, thus more responsiveness around the whole foot.- not ideal for racing, as the bottoms are a little slick, at least for a track or hardwood surface (my school's gym), but they're great for asphalt and gravel (no annoying rocks stabbing the bottom of your feet).- colors: awesome.  something about the &#34;heat map pattern&#34; that supposed to articulate your foot's pressure/contact points, but I'm not sure about that.  either way, they look super!- price: way too much. I was a bit impulsive by getting these; I was walking by the nike lab in la outside the x-games and had to have em.  but they've proven to be a great investment.  I would do it again.  shoes are hearty, soles are tuff, colors are way out there, lightweight, fast, responsive.  just way groovy shoes.  even good in the rain, despite the lack of traction material.I'm not one to go nuts about reducing shoes and running down to the science, cause it gets us nowhere.  I just happen to find a great pair of shoes at a not-so-great price.  i don't buy into the scientific jargon and rules for running regarding pronation and forefoot/midfoot/barefoot/upsidedown foot blah blah.  I'm 30, and have been running religiously since I joined the Army Infantry in '02, which put my feet through hell, and I've never had a running problem, except when I stopped for a year and picked up smoking.  If you're looking for a new way to run, try these out.  get away from what the fleet feet- ers and the action runners and whomever tell you.  the greatest runners run the way they feel best, not how others tell them to.", "Got the shoe and I love it. Wear them for only a couple hours at a time because if you wear them all day they will get too tight around the ankles and will become very uncomfortable. Great performance on the track, they are light but strong enough to support the bottom of the foot. They do help out with shinsplints and are very comfortable for pounding out those miles! Would recommend.", "The size was very good! But the rubber that was on the shoe's ankle was a bit tight. Thank you!", "Came quick, shoes are great. Nothing to complain", "Great shoe but ran smal for size.", "These Nike shoes are great For Running and going to the gym with . They came brand new in the box and were worth buying .", "the size is diferent from other brands. smaller thar supra or adidas but with some use it finish by fittin correctly", "Pretty awesome. A pain to put on, but totally worth it. invest in a shoehorn and some high socks as these will wear down your Achilles if you wear low socks", "Nothing against the company. the shoes where as described and arrived on time. These are a very rare pair of forces and they turn heads when i wear them. I call them the &#34;LuBoutin Editions&#34;, lol", "Delivered on time. Always like buying Air Force ones. This was a different color I didn't have so I bought them. It's like a teal color. Can't go wrong with a pair of Air Force ones.", "Most the air force ones we get seem to be about all the same size. These ran slightly bigger than the others, but not much and isn't an issue. My son said that tightening the laces makes em fit good still. The color is true to the pic they have listed. :-) He likes the confort of all the air forces he's gotten.", "They look nice on feet but they crease up way to easy . It's probably the material. But overall it's a nice shoe....", "My son perfectly liked it. Fits well for him and the price I pAid for it is fair enough. A++++++", "This shoe is great for wear casually with shorts, sweats, and even jeans. I would not recommend for workouts. I did not purchase these shoes for working out. I have had several compliments on this pair of shoes. Overall I am extremely satisfied with these shoes.", "I had been looking for these air pegasus' in my size for a long time. I finally found them on Amazon and was happy. I ordered them immediately. The shipping process was stellar as usual and the shoes arrived quickly. Upon taking them out of the box I noticed some discoloration on the toe and when I tried them on the fit was loose and uncomfortable. I got them 10/3/13 sending them back 10/4/13. This experience will not change my overall positive view of amazon. I guess it was just my time to have a negative experience", "No problems with the shoes.  Breaking them in is easy.  Need to do a cost comparison between ordering online and buying at the Nike Factory Store.", "my son love this sneakers and it fits him very very comfortable  I have no regrets  I will recommend it", "Sleek, low profile and unassuming....and a terrific court shoe for my 8 year old son.  Highly recommend it.  We have just received it and my son is using only for time on the court so have not all that much time with the shoe so far.", "It runs a size more bigger. Im 8.5 but if i ordered a 8 it will fit me well. I love the colors", "I have received so many compliments on this sneaker.  One of the reasons I like shopping on Amazon is because a lot of the items are unique that you can't find in stores.  The color is an exact match (I was a little concerned) but definitely true to color.  Sizing is perect....love Nike 3.0.I actually use these as cross trainers rather than running....but not to say I won't run in them.  The camo fabirc is a hit in the gym....love, love love this shoe.", "Online I thought these shoes were beautiful, as they were in person.  But upon trying them on I found a slew of things wrong with these shoes. Right under the first lace is a plastic piece that when you bend your foot digs into your toe.  It makes such a strange crease and is unbearably uncomfortable, definetely in no way shape or form a running shoe. the plastic tip on the toe also makes a strange feeling, its just hard and not flexible at all for the gym or running. the shape is weird as well. they look like platypus's on my feet and dont conform to my foot at all. Severly dissapointed and sad.", "excellent shoes. thank you christine", "I really really want this shoe in a 10 or 10 1/2...what size is this? I need to know asap.", "I would highly recommend this product to those looking for comfort....support...great style combined with fabulous color choices.I love this shoe!!!", "I love these shoes! They feel so light and comfortable. Color is a little bright, but the fit and feel are great. Highly recommend.", "If you are a runner and like to run long distance this is probably the best shoe Nike offers for runners! I run all the time on the treadmill and outdoors. I have done quite a bit of research because the nike 2.0 is popular among my friends, however they do more weight lifting. The Nike Free 5.0 is definitely more light weight and flexible than the 2.0. It also offers a lot more arch support for those of us who have really high arches! Another great thing is that the toe area is wider than most running shoes. (They may look like \"duck feet\" from the wearers point of view, but trust me it's for a good reason!)When someone is running, the moment their foot connects with the ground on each step, all of the tiny bones in the foot need to be able to spread out, because the toe on this shoe is so wide it allows for that to happen. If the foot is constricted in a narrow shoe, the bones are going to grind together because they are not allowed the room they need, this can cause a lot of foot pain and more severe problems down the line.  The Nike 2.0 is not as wide as the 5.0 and any training shoe isn't going to have this feature. If you are looking for great running shoe, or just a comfortable shoe that you can wear all day, this is definitely a great buy and well worth the money!I now have 2 pairs of these shoes and wear them for working 8 hour shifts where I am walking/standing all day, and to the gym to run a couple of miles! Also this shoe fits true to size. If you're not sure of what size you should get, I would suggest getting half a size up! I wear 5.5 in sandals, and 6 in flats or heels, but in running shoes I always get a 6.5! That way they are never too snug and I can wear them with thin or thick socks!", "Usually my size is 8.5 inch. But, I select 8 inch, when I purchase nike product. 8 inch is just size for me at this purchasing, too.", "This was purchase for my son; he loves it. He says that it fits him perfect. I will purchase another one for him sometime in the future.", "they look better in person, my grandson love them.", "These shoes are awesome,couldn't find my size in the mall.Great kicks will buy again in the future a a a.", "Delivery was in time.I have to say it's comfortable and it made  my friend feet could look smaller than with the size 14", "Nice Great Job..I Would Shop Again From U All,,The Shoes New & Came As Expected..But i didnt like the fact u guys..sold me the shoes for $120.Then U All Drop The Price..:( Was Not Fair To Me :(", "4", "The bag has a divider inside, to separate items.  The pocket on the outside Is convenient for items needed in a hurry.  Impressed with the drawstring itself, very sturdy!", "Great sandals. Super comfortable..only regret is not ordering more! The color is true to the picture and the fit is great.", "I bought these in a size9 in lue of a woman's size 10. Needless to say it was a perfect fit. Looks great no complaints", "This is one of the best shoes I've ever bought, hands down.It's comfortable right out of the box.Now, I do have flat feet and they're wide flat feet (and no, I'm not a duck!)....so I do need to add an insole to any shoe that I wear. BUT usually, even with 1 insole, I still need to add something else, a second insole of some sort because most shoes I buy, I can feel the ground, because the soles of the shoes are typically thinner than what the description says.In the case of this shoe... I only needed to use my 1 insole (it's max arch support) and that was it. This shoe has a sole that is truly thick and I even feel like it's got a very nice slope in the heel, so that I'm not walking flat footed (like a lot of other shoes that claim they have arch support).Now, like I said, I have flat feet that are wide and this shoe fits me just perfect. It's not tight at all. Not too narrow at all. My toes can be flat and wiggle just fine in there, not crowded.The shoe look is feminine despite it being black. The blue and pink are sharp and stand out well to show, yeah, this is a girl's shoe! nothing manly about it!I would recommend this shoe.My last pair of shoes were Nike's and they seem to be consistently well made.", "My son loves these sneakers. The Air Max 95's are my favorite because they're the few Air Max that are not only comfortable but true to your size.", "Wear them every day in this wintery Michigan winter. The Nike Mens Air Max Winter Boots are light and warm with good tread and traction.A down side for some one is the amount of snow tracked in in the treads, but that is not my problem.(-_o)", "20 years as a c.o by far the best boot that I have ever had.Hope to get many miles out of them", "Shoe was uncomfortable and rubs the feet.", "Shoes fits nicely and are very comfortable. They are very good in cold weather.  Feels like you're walking on air.", "I bought these for my husband. He is a cable technician, and stands and walks and also bends and crawls into small spaces. Goes through boots like crazy.  The tips rip, or they are too heavy, the soles come apart..A few of the other guys in his field had these, so I thought hey..let me take the chance. He loves them..they are alot lighter than Timberlands, and they are flexible.He has only been wearing them a week, so lets see how they hold up..Cross your fingers.I so far would recomend these boots.", "super fast shipping but HAD to sign for and waited all day for driver, so the lost time at work cost me lots more", "I bought these boots for my son for Christmas.  I gave them to him already and he immediately put them on and wore them that day.  He loved them.  They fit perfectly.  I researched prices before I bought from Amazon and every other site was about $20 higher so I feel that they were a great deal.", "Nice boot good for standing on your feet long hours, this boot is great for me because I drive a delivery truck for long hours.", "I work as a mechanic working 6 days a week the keep my feet dry and very comfortable the design is very rugged there oil resistant and slip I love them", "These are my 3rd pair of Nike Air Max Goadome Black Boots!  I've had everything from Caterpillar, Timberlands, Lugz, Doc Martens & NOTHING can compare to the comfort level of these boots!", "My second pair in 3yrs...on my job, motorcycle or basketball court , excellent all around sneaker boot w/ great support,  comfort & style", "Great fitting and great looking boots.  Very comfortable right out of the box and they didn't need to be broken in.", "The shirt color is match for Black/Black! And then the size is fit! The quality is a best for a first choice!", "Was wearing Thorogood with gelpacks in heels. Great 11 inch boots, and waterproof to a certain point in the life of the boot. Then total breakdown of the uppers. My workplace has alot of water and other liquids on the floor. (non toxic) So when i found the Nikes...I just had to try them out. Very good support. A bit more firm...but my feet are not tired at the end of my shift. So far satisfied with the waterproof claim, and the softness of the uppers.A bit narrow, but I place them on a boot heater before I wear them. I like them! I recommend highly.Jimmy", "I love these shoes I swear by them. They are extremely comfortable would recommend them to anyone that loves boots", "I have been hooked on this series of footwear for a long time now. They are durable, comfortable and have always fit well. They aren't cheap but for me they are worth it as they last a long time. These are the only shoes I have ever worn that I have had to replace the laces on. All the other shoes I have had have worn out long before the laces.", "Originally, I thought these were fitting to small but after one wear that fit perfect.  I've bought 2 pairs one for me and one as a gift.", "Comfortable and durable!Ive been ordering these for years, I will keep ordering for as long as im working! Need more colors!", "This boot would probably be terrific for most folks, but due to a problem with my right foot, I have to have less tightness than it provides in the middle of the foot.", "I'm so sad.. I bought the boots.. looked good an all but I used them once an they are too small", "Have been wearing these for 6 months now and love them. They are light and extremely comfortable. Only complaint is that they can be squeaky when walking with how the tongue moves but other than that they are a great boot!", "Just great and deluver service is great.  Love you guys.  The price was good and wherever I desire I can find it on Amazon.  I just wish I had more money.", "Great as a work shoe/sneaker, and very comfortable. I will get them again when needed. Just wish they were a little cheaper lol...", "The most comfortable shoe I have ever worn,and I wear these 5days/8hrs/all year at work.I am on my 2nd pair,1st pair lasted 2 and 1/2 years and I wore out the inside before the outside,a1st for me.I am a retired police officer and have worn Bates,Timberland,Thorogood,Knapp,Danner,Wolverine and Rockies and these boots are by far the best.Pricey,but any of the aforementioned boots are as well.Nike hit it out of the park with the ACG.Highly recommended!!!", "I can not say enough good things about these boots.  I am a cop and I wear them at work every day - 5 days a week - 8 hours a day.  They are extremely comfortable, especially compared to the other boot choices.  One pair will last me through the entire year.  I know they seem a bit expensive, but it is well worth it.  In this case you do get what you pay for.", "I have been buying this shoe for the last few years.  I have tried to find it locally but Amazon doesn't so 'seasonal' sales and they are there when my current pair wears out!", "The Mens Air Max Goadome  2013  Winter Boots Black Size 11, Medium looked and was of good quality on the exteriorand was a rugged out door shoe.The only Problem with the shoe after trying it on was that it was to small in the width only size medium, I like to wear a wider shoe.In the Nike Brand I use a 3EE and found it very comfortable as when it is wider.So Since the width was not comfortable I sent it back to the seller.", "Ive had these boots in the past for work andthey are extemly comfortable. When it came time to buy new ones i placed my order on Feb. 15 and I NEVER RECIVED MY ORDER.... Instead of explaining why it's taking so long for me to receive my boots, they simply just refunded me my money... I don't want my money back I want my order. Unfortunately I'm forced to buy other boots that are not to my liking. I will try buying the boots again just through UPTEMPOAIR.. Avoid this seller!!!", "These do take a few days of wearing them to feel perfect but once they are wore down a little they are the most comfy work shoe I have ever own!", "Gave this boot five stars because it is the real deal.Fits to size, comfortable, soft and appears to be very strong...Go buy a pair guys, you will not be disappointed..", "I love these shoes so much. I had an all white pair last yr and i decided to get these. They are very comfortable, and i love to wear them with skinny jeans.", "Fast shippingGood qualityOver all it's recomanded !But I wish they would offer more colors for the size 7.5But I still bought it coz its a comfy blaizor", "Excellent shoe!  Bright, fun and super comfortable!  The color is amazing and the shoe is easy to wear and light.", "I have bought a few pairs of these nike's in different colours and patterns, they are so comfortable and look great", "I like them they just was the wrong size I need a 10 wish I can return and get my size.", "The pair I received looks exactly like those in the photos. It is a truly high top shoe, which is what I wanted for ankle support. I'd say the forefoot area of the shoe is rather roomy but I should be able to tighten that with the laces. I got these for playing volleyball on an indoor, wood basketball court. Their bottoms had a great, sticky grip to them that improved my mobility and speed.The only drawback to these that I've noticed so far is that their insoles could provide better cushioning. If they did, I would have given them a five star rating.", "the nike dunks are not only affordable but a great buy for the price. they are easy to clean and are a clean fresh look even with the neon yellow soles. they came as expected and were in their own nike sneaker box. they come with neon yellow laces but you can always change that if you want. compared to some of the other dunks ive found online these were a great steal for th price and they came quickly.", "I brought these for my teenage son. He said that they fit true to size and are very comfortable. Will buy these again.", "my Girl has wide feet and has to go to men's shoes to get a good fit.  She really likes these.", "Great sneakers comforatble fit for the price", "Great looking red and black shoes will go back to buy more and I highly recommend purchasing if you are in to shoes.", "She came in as expected and have been worn with no complaints other than shoe laces were tight when initially put on.", "I purchased these for non-running CrossFit activities and they are great.  They look good, feel good on your feet, and are very well made.  I highly recommend this shoe!", "My husband has always loved the Nike running shoe, but wasn't to sure about ordering online. But they fit great.", "one of my favorite shoes , colorway is very nice ! fits a little small so i would get a size bigger.", "MY NEPHEW IS OVER THE MOON WITH HIS NEW SHOES!!!!!!  He couldn't stop thanking me for the wonderful surprise, he lives in the Pacific Islands and rarely anyone gets shoes like these.  It matches his high school colors,,,it was a perfect fit as well.  THANKS AGAIN!!DEFINITELY WILL PURCHASE AGAIN...", "I consider myself a Nike whore! I LOVE their sneakers but this one and the black and white cross trainer didn't meet my hopes and expectations. They claim they are for high impact but there just wasn't enough support throughout the entire shoe, specifically for me in the ball of the foot. Sneakers were super cute and would be great for you if all you want is fashion and support.", "i love the color and they fit perfect.", "I usually wear a 9 but get 9 1/2 in some running shoes, especially New Balance. I got a 9 1/2 in these Nikes, and they seem to fit well with plenty of room in the toe box. I agree with the other reviewer that these shoes are super cute--very nice color combination. I haven't worn them for running yet, but in walking around the house I can tell that these have a lot of arch support--almost too much for my feet! I think they would be good for someone with high arches. I haven't noticed any problems yet with cushioning in the ball of the foot. I'm keeping them even if I don't use them for running because they are cool.", "These shoes were purchased for a friend's sister.  She loved them!  They arrived quickly and the price was perfect.  They would buy them again.", "these shoes I bought with hesitation in regards to the flashiness of them but the are subdued enough for my taste and still have style", "This is not Lunar cushioning. It feels like a flat-footed 89 Pegasus. I thought I was buying a proper running shoe with vintage style, but that's not what this is...", "They came just as I expected. The color is exactly the same as in the picture. They are in the right size and very comfortable.", "I purchased the Dual Fusion Lite after I wore out my Dual Fusion.  I loved the Dual Fusion and had high hopes for the Fusion Lite. The Fusion Lite is a lightweight shoe but it lacks the support and comfort of the Dual Fusion.  I keep wearing it thinking it will &#34;break in&#34; but it continues to be uncomfortable. It lacks a cushioned feeling in the ball and heel of the foot giving it an almost hard feeling during running and walking.  I will be buying another pair of Dual Fusion.", "Poor quality, not a quality product.  Nike swoosh rubbed off the first time they were worn.  Don't waste your time, buy somewhere else.", "I bought these for  my grandson he loved them, Me not so much, I don't think they are worth the money the Nike symbol is almost gone off of them, the front part is coming apart and he has only had them a few months.........", "I love these shoes. This is the 2nd pair that I have ordered. Extremely comfortable and they look great too.", "Stitched weird on the outside of the right shoe. Pretty uncomfortable for a while after you put then on and then again at the end of the day, but they are sharp looking.", "looks great on my feet", "i know my cousins will love them when i give it to them . nikes are the best shoes so comfortable and roomy", "Look and feel great. Very light and seem to be well made. I would definitely recommend these shoes for every day use", "I LOVED these shoes, I thought they were winners and would never buy another type of shoe again, for about a month and a half..... the shoe started tearing right where the fabric meets the rubber, and I don't do anything crazy in them. Disappointing for something you spend so much money on.", "We ordered these last minute before school and they arrived on the delivery date promised.  No one else in town has a pair of these.  My son is a trendsetter.....", "These for my fiance for Xmas great price great shipping I gotta say I love air force ones very reliable durable shoes I'm happy with purchase nd so is my babe", "I always wear an 8.5 or 9 and go with a 9 in running shoes-- these were no different. Comfortable and very light.", "Great Product, fast shipping. Son wanted these and we could not find his size anywhere else. Made His day when he got the shoes he wanted.", "Awesome shoes!True to fit and one of a kind.I would recommend to anyone who loves jordans. Another  must have!", "me likey", "great shoe and great shipping", "It fit as expected and looks brand new when received, as if it was bought at the shoe store itself.", "These were a gift for my son.  He wasn't able to find these in the stores to replace the ones he owns.  He likes the fit and says they are extremely comfortable.  They shipped extremely fast and he was very happy with the purchase.", "Delivery was prompt.The shoe is beautiful. Light and comfortable, but not equal to the lunars in terms of technology. Of course, these are 1989 model shoes so it's as expected. Overall, i'd still recommend them for the airmax fans", "Really love the color and design. The shoes themselves have the outstanding look. They also feel really comfy and fit", "Very comfortable and fashionable. great for the gym or simply just to make a fashion statement. I truly love the roshes", "Terrible sizing way too small compared to it lust had to return they more like women's size. don't buy these several people have returned them for the same problem", "One of the most comfortable shoes I've ever owned, considering buying another pair to have on reserve.", "I really love an old-skool sneaker and had high hopes for this pair of Nikes but ultimately it was so narrow that even my heel was popping out of the back of the shoe. It just didn't fit at all.It could've been a brand thing but I have other size 12 Nikes that fit great, these did not.If you have narrow feet these are your jam. If you tend to be normal-to-wide then try another shoe.", "Does not offer the support I am used to with Air Pegasus shoes.  Price was good but support and shock absorption properties of shoe were not up to normal standards.", "Good road shoe, comfortable, light weight.", "I have worn Nike for years. They fit me perfectly compared to other brands. The '83 Pegasus is my new favorite as they are what a (classic and casual) running shoe should be. I hope Nike never stops producing this design.", "Not badBut, it's very large for me.So, I give this item to my son.", "Great quality, looks nice, light, comfortable, also I'm a grown man who can't tie a shoe so that's also a plus...just kidding but it does make it faster putting shoes I if you don't have to tie it every damn time.Arrived on expected delivery date too so overall this was a great buy!", "Bought these for my fiance he loves them very light weight and breezy so feet aren't hot as much. Totally would buy again just wished they had 6.5 available in gray and blue :( AWESOME BUY IN MY BOOKS.", "MAKE A SIZE 14", "Exactly same as any Nike running shoe without the laces.  Really enjoying the comfort and ease of putting them on.  Great daily or workout shoe", "I love the color and the quality even has the new style i like this because it's very comfortable !", "I got to pick these out for myself for Christmas, so I know that they are awesome!  I have got to try them out already and I love them!", "I bought these for my wife she had never had a pair and has always dreamed of having a pair so I gave her an early Christmas because she's my world and deserves the best...thanks", "I ordered these shoes for my son (Christmas).The shoes are awesome looking.  I have a pair of Nike Shox myself, and boy are they comfortable.The blue is nice looking.  Darker than Baby Blue, so your man will surely like these shoes.", "This is not what I expected. The slipper was clearly of an inferior material and I am not pleased.", "Got it on time. it was a tight at 1st but as i used it frequently it opened up and fits perfect . happy with my purchase.", "I purchased the size as recommended in the listing.  The arch over  the sole was simply too loose for me to comfortably walk  in  them.  The shoe took an odd angle from my foot.", "A little long but does alright with sock. You might consider half size smaller than your normal if your picky", "The shoe is comfortable and looks nice by it's nt the pair I meant to order so I ended up just giving them away", "Very light weight. easy to get on and comfortable", "The perfect shoe to get around town in and relax. Feels like a foot massage all day! Quick service and delivery - absolutely no hassles.", "There's a lot of confusion with Nike's Solarsoft line of shoes. People seem to mistake the \"Run\" shoe for the \"Moccasin\" and vise versa. Rest assured that these are two completely different shoes under the same good quality brand. I had some Nike Classics that I started using for work and I love them because my feet never hurt when I wear them unlike my actual \"shoes for crews\" working shoes. I know wearing Nike shoes for work is somewhat not a good idea because you want to try to preserve the look of those good quality shoes. The quality of the shoe is what made me come back to Nike for my next pair of working shoes. I recently started working at a veterinary clinic and mostly everyone wears running shoes so they can be comfortable when they work. They need a shoe that will provide them with comfort and flexibility. Wearing running shoes at all times is something most people don't recommend for different reasons but mostly because you wear them out so quick. I still look back at my Nike Classics that I've put through hell at work and they're still holding up well. That made me overlook the whole wear and tear stigma about running shoes. I went ahead and started looking for my next pair of Nike shoes. I went to a few shoe stores to check out what they had and I immediately loved the look of the Nike Solarsoft Run over the Moccasins. I also read that the Moccasins are a little narrow and I have wide feet so those weren't an option. So besides the stylish look that the Run shoe has the way they feel and wear is wonderful. They fit perfect on my feet (12 US) and have a built in insole. The insole is not made out of that fabric type material it has more of like this plastic/rubber feel to it. I think I prefer that style better than the old fashion type of shoe. I don't have to worry about the insole coming off or stinking up because it's well made. If you don't like the feel of the insole you can always add one or use Dr. Scholl insoles. The bottom grip pattern on the Run shoes look really cool and serve a purpose. The uniform squares form a perfect pattern for grip even in wet conditions. When the shoe gets wet the squares give you more grip therefore making the shoe slip resistant. Now I use these for work and I'm always around spills and accidents so I can say that I've tested these shoes thoroughly in wet conditions. As far as comfort these shoes feel great and really give your feet resistance. I haven't used them for running but I have sprinted with them from time to time and I do feel like the heal support is lacking a little. I'm so surprised that this line of shoe isn't very popular I guess it slipped through the cracks since Nike has so many shoes coming out. Their loss is your gain because you can find them at an affordable price at certain retail stores or online. I love wearing these with my scrubs especially since I got them in the royal blue color. They look beautiful and wear just as good as any other high quality Nike shoe.", "True to size, love the shoe!", "Dope shoes goes with almost anything!", "Zero complaints.  Fit, style, and comfort are in line with quality product.  Would recommend them to any and all athletes.", "Fit perfect, comfy, excellent for training, light weight and material is not cloth definitely would recommend.Good for casual outgoings.", "Super!!!!", "I love these! Fit great and look cute also. Very very comfortable. You can wear these to work out or just on a casual day.", "Great looking shoe for the price. It fits very well and is extremely comfortable shoe for running or walking. Great buy!", "Great experience with this purchase!I have only worn these a couple days and have not done much walking but so far they are very comfortable.  I am a little worried the top of the back will dig into my heels but it is too early to tell.", "Good choice, for a good Price/Quality relation. It's a confortable and light wheight shoe, for long walks in all kind of terrains.", "I purchased these for my 19 year old daughter because Amazon had this shoe in a 9.5.  My daughter was concerned because these are casual shoes that they would not have enough arch support.  After she tried them on they fit okay but they fit much better when she put in her gel insoles which gave her better arch support and a better fit.  She loves the look and the colors.", "Recently purchased this product. This slide definitely runs large. I normally wear a size 8. Had to exchange this for size 7. I am very happy with the size 7 ---- how it fits. They run a little wide, so be aware of that. I feel they are comfortable & like the colors!  I am a satisfied customer.", "They are not the same snugness of the other Benassi slide sandals that I love!!! Also the bottom is more spongy, so retains moisture and that leads to smell. Do not get these wet.  Overall they are cute, very comfortable as you expect from the Nike Benassi. Amazing arch, great for the feet and back. The band over the foot is a bit loose, if I had known I would have ordered a size smaller, maybe.", "I completely wore out my last pair. When not at work, I live in these. Gel cushions soothing for feet.", "I get blisters if I wear them too long (admittedly on walks where I should be wearing them) but these are perfect as a slip-on, and as a more supportive and attractive alternative to flip flops.", "I wear these inside to protect my feet and back. Sometimes with socks, sometimes not. So comfortable. Cannot live without these. They fit true to size and I love them!!!!!!! More colors needed! The bottom is waterproof and the faux leather top can tolerate water, but don't throw them in the deep end.", "Nice fit and comfortable. Worth the price. Would buy them again for sure. Thank you for a comfortable product. :)", "Very comfortable shoes. The shoes are great for working out or everyday use, but a little pricy.I would recommend this shoe.", "Really comfortable, it feels like I'm not even wreaking shoes, the feels are amazing, I would buy two more pairs of I could.", "I purchased the Hyperdunks for use in pick up basketball.  The shoe fits snug initially but after a couple of uses they fit very comfortably.  They are also very light and work well when it comes to make quick moves.  Also, they provide great ankle support.", "Light, good ankle support, stylish, matches my ball jersey. Fits true to size. Would recommend to any other sneaker head.", "Feel and look cheap and fake.  Doesn't look like picture at all. I didn't feel like sending it back am waiting for a refund so I just gave them away.Not satisfied at all.", "MY GRAND DAUGHTER LOVES THIS SNEAKERS. THE FIT PERFECT, GREAT STYLE, NICE COLOR.. SHE TURNED 7 AND I WANTED HER TO HAVE SOMETHING DIFFERENT.", "This is a good shoe. It fits true to size 7, and is a super-comfy standard runner. It arrived promptly and well-packed, a pristine Nike shoebox within a shipping box. I have no critique for this item, but I will say the color is grey & salmon, not pink... And is really lovely:)", "lots of toe room and nothing squeezing on the sides of your feet... super light and great support... MAKE SURE YOU GET THE RIGHT size.... try them on in a store before you purchase on line.... make sure arch in the right place and toes not hitting front. Most people buy shoes too small for them....", "These shoes fit perfect! They are very nice color! The pink on it's more salmon and I like that a lot! The green inside is awesome!", "fit perfect &#8230;&#8230; its always nice when u can find jordans dat can fit a newborn&#8230;..i would recommend dis product to anyone!", "These shoes run smaller than the rest of the size 3 shoes I have bought from shoe stores where I live at", "Couldn't find many soft bottoms that I wanted I'm any stores. These were perfect for my little man, considering I have the same shoes. Like mother, like son! Perfect & authentic!!", "Theses shoes fit perfect and look great with Destiney  tutu", "The shoes were too small for my son is there anyway I can exchange them?  he's trying to walk now so he needs a Hard soul!", "Shoes are not bad,but not too good lightweight, cool colors. runs true to size. But This shoe isn't comfortable at all. It is hard and stiff.", "I really like them but the cushion is a bit to thin for me and the back doesn't give you the hard slam you would get from the free runs. This you is very lightweight with the flyknit going down the side I would've gotten the flyknit version if they weren't so ugly and then in my opinion and the traditionals were really light to.but the reason I gave them a four was because the cushion was to thin", "Very nice shoes.Comfortable as expected.", "My son loves them :)", "Great quality", "they feel cheap. had to cut off stupid tongue or whatever it is a piece of felt paper. However the are comfortable for running errands but not much of a supporting athletic shoe.", "I am a beginner runner and I run usually 3 to 3.5 miles 5-6 times a week. I prefer to run on grass mainly and will run on the treadmill a couple of times a week. I have a normal arch and a slight pronation of my left foot. I have had these shoes for over a month now and have logged some miles on them.  The first thing I noticed apart from them looking pretty cool was that there is a support band made out of some sort of plastic glue that holds the upper in place toward the front of the shoe where the laces start. I felt the tightness noticeably when I first put them on and it initially gave me some concern because I do have a wide foot. However that turned out to be a non issue. I still feel it and others who have the shoe express similar sentiments. It does not affect my running in any way and after I've been in the shoes for a bit I don't notice it at allI switched to these shoes after using a much more expensive shoe the Asics gel kinsea. I quit using them after I developed plantar fasciitis. I was seriously disappointed in those shoes. The nike free has been free of pain for me!  I feel comfortable with the shoes and they give me a good feel for the surface and adequate support for my runs. They have a lot of flexibility in them and some may not like that as it may be less stable on uneven surfaces or bumpy roads. For me that is not an issue. In short these are very comfortable shoes, lightweight and good looking. Highly recommended.", "Perfect fit!", "I don't use this particular shoe for running but just as my every day walker. I wanted something more flexible and light than the Flex which I have been wearing for a few years and the Free fits the bill. Very light and comfortable to wear. Maybe a little more snug than other Nike's in size 12 I have been wearing but not enough to make me change the size.The sole will likely not last too long on asphalt as it is not too substantial but it does not bother too much.The white cap at the heel is a mesh which allows for some nice breath-ability.Overall a great show that I would definitely recommend to others.I deducted one star due to fit and for likely not being as long lasting as I'd expect.", "These are just as outrageously orange as you might expect. People shield their eyes when I wear them in the grocery store!Young people tell me they're cool, and old people say, &#34;wow those are brightly colored!&#34;There's not a lot of arch support in this particular model because they're designed to help runners move from running shoes to barefoot running... this shoe being the last stage of the transition. I do like the ventilation in the toe area.Buy a half size larger than you would normally buy if you order these. In fact, I'd say it's prudent to go try them on at a local store before you buy online to get the size right. They run a half size to a full size smaller than other shoes I own.", "Great color great design. Nike doesn't go wrong on their running shoes. Fits perfect.  Width is great for size 9.", "Took me about a week of all-day wear to break these in. Great colors, can wear them with just about anything. Decent arch support, and they wrap snugly around the sides of your feet (like most quality Nikes do). I really do prefer the Nike Flex soles, they are very comfortable for walking/standing for long amounts of time.These shoes have breathable vents on the front and sides, that let air travel over your toes when you are running or on a windy day. It was neat to actually feel them working as described. Because of this though, I wouldn't necessarily recommend them for winter wear.", "These are very lightweight and nice looking shoes.  They breathe well and are comfortable.", "He loves them.", "I loved my Nike Flex 2013 Run...they fit like a glove and extremely comfortable. So I thought, maybe they actually improved on them for the 2014 model. WRONG!!!Whoever is responsible for this shoe at Nike should be FIRED!! My forefoot feels like it's in a vise (yes I adjusted the laces etc.) and NO the shoe will probably NOT &#34;break in&#34; sufficiently to be comfortable.If my old 2013 Flex was a &#34;10&#34; on fit and comfort, I would give this 2014 model a solid &#34;4&#34;. Simply amazing...I am returning these and hoping to find the 2013 model.First and last time I buy a shoe I haven't tried on over the internet...lesson learned!", "this is te perfect gift for you husband, mi husband love that sneakers, are really soft and confort for him", "These pair of shoes fits great! Feel great during and after my workouts, 2 weeks in, run 2 miles 4x's a week and I don't get what many people say about them not being right for them, I picked a 1/2 size larger than my regular shoe size and they've become my favorite running shoe thus far...", "Theses were for my son. We had seen them in a store-he tried them on and bought from you because of the price difference. He is happy with them.", "Very light, comfortable fit for narrow foot. Materials are a bit cheap, but okay for the price. Not enough support for longer runs.", "have been looking for navy sneakers for my hubby and loved the color, he loved them and fit great!", "Be careful purchasing this style or any style from Nike. These expensive running shoes that are manufactured out of country are made of cheap materials that allow them to rip and tear easily. The majority of this shoe is made out of some kind of netting which ripped on the inside wall of my shoe, exposing the lacing that holds the lace holes together. This quickly became a larger problem when the lacing starting coming loose.I would not suggest this shoe to anyone unless you plan on using them only when you run on a treadmill. These shoes are not even suitable to be taken outside.", "great shoe", "The order came very quickly and was on time, however I ordered a size 10 shoe and it seems to be a bit large on me.", "Hubby loved them!  He wants to get more in differrent colors. I wish i could find the same ones for my 5 yr old boy!", "I bought  for my husband and he likes them very much. Good color and the shoes are very light. Thank lots for your wonderful product.", "wouldn't use on the trail but on flat paved surfaces - very comfortable, light and durable", "Good product, nice price.", "I replaced the 2013 Flex Runs with these and I'm happy with my decision. These have better support and broke in quickly.", "Great shoes", "The shoes are wonderful. The fit is perfect. It's too bad amazon requires a certain amount of words before my comments are acceptable. Now that I've fulfilled the requirement, I'll say again; the shoes were wonderful. The fit perfect.", "I use these for Nike XTC training. Good shoe. They hold up well in the rugged training class I take twice a week.", "It was tight fitting material, feels like little small..", "I'm not an avid runner, but these shoes are perfect for the gym.  Very light and comfortable.  Although, many wear their shoes for style I chose this shoe for function.", "Between a minimalist shoe and a regular trail shoe. Runs about half size too small. Toe guard seem like it will wear quickly.", "Bought this for a 10yr old boy and he loved it.  Good for basketball or just everyday wear.  Highly recommend--Great shoes!", "I was disappointed in this shoe.  It fits a little smaller than size listed.  I am a nurse and wear Nike athletic shoes to work.  This shoe was not comfortable after a couple hours.  It seemed cheaply made and just did not live up to the comfortable Nike shoes I have bought in the past.", "Look great, feel awesome so happy! They look so nice and running in them feels like running on marshmallows. So happy.", "I bought this shoe from a different store; however, I first saw it here on amazon. I absolutely love this shoe. The shoes are very light weight and they fit exactly how they should. I wear a 7 1/2 and it feels amazing. It has good traction and stability as well. I have a high arch and this comforts my feet so they aren't achy by the end of the day. I also love the bright colors.", "Fits to size.  My daughter was thrilled with this purchase!", "This shoe is very light and flexible and still gives full support.  Very comfortable", "Since nikes run small go up a size. I usually wear a 7.5 but for nikes im definitely a size 8. Super comfy love wearing thm. I weight train and run in thm!", "I've always been a New Balance girl, but now I've converted.  This shoe is lightweight, and had an amazing amount of stability.  I used all different cardio machines, running, and cross-training.  From day one, it's been the best perfoming and comfortable shoe I've ever tried.  I work out almost daily, and I can't wait to put them on.  I'll never go back!", "Me quedaron un dedito grande", "These Nike Women Shoes are an excellent shoe. Very Comfortable. And I would recommend them to any walker/runner out there.", "I like the color and they are very comfortables ,I recommend it for people who like to run or walk", "I bought this shoes for someone else who experiencing some foot-pain, but these shoes are helping a lot!At the same time shes's very happy with the design and colors.Great product!", "I love these shoes. They are so comfortable and super light weight. Perfect for the summer weather. Love the bright colours too.", "I work at a nursing home and i'm on the feet all day. With my last pair of shoes, my feel hurt so bad the next morning to walk. With these, my feet don't hurt at all! I love them! Would re-purchase(:", "i make a mistake with the size... i need other size,  but the shoes is good...", "It's soft and at the same time it holds my feet well... :) My favorite tennis shoes are Nikes, so not only the color is amazing but also the performance of it matches my workouts....", "Great fit, not really satisfied with the  sole. Otherwise they are great !", "Nice colors n very comfortable! Get compliments every time I wear them. :)", "I like the color.  There is a lot of support for the arch and there is an added small area with a shoe string along the inside.  This allows you to make the shoe narrower should you need to.  I normally wear an 8.5 N shoe and I have the 9's.  Nice fit, room to move in the toe, feels light.", "These fit very well and true to size. The color is very vibrant and the yellow is a neon color that pops out nicely. They are very comfortable and I feel well supported and they are very light, not bulky. I've been running in them for weeks and so far have had no problems!", "A few months ago, I tried on the flex in Blue & got those. I always love to have white sneakers so when I saw them in White I had to have them. They are the second Nike brand that I feel are the best & comfortable sneakers they make!!!", "These shoes were exactly as described and fit perfect!! I love the style and material. They are so comfortable and great for running. They look exactly like the picture.  Very happy with this purchase.", "Love these shoes,  just having them on made me want to run :)", "My wife is very happy with her new shoes. She likes the colors, fit, and wears them every day. She will remember where she bought these when she is ready for a new pair.", "Just what my daughter wanted.  She's been hitting the beach regularly for our 5k morning jogs.", "Very comfortable shoes, great fit! The shoelaces are much more fluorescent than in the photo (they look baby pink but are actually really bright!), but not an issue.", "I cannot wear these shoes.  I purchased in my normal size and they seem to fit fine.  I had good expectations, but both times I've worn them for exercise they've been too painful to believe.  The first time I got an enormous blister in the top of my foot, which required waiting 10 days to heal, before I tried them again.  I tried them again and the second time I tightened the laces to prevent the blister on top, and ended up with super painful blister on the back of my foot - so painful I had to take the shoe off two miles into my walk, and walk the last two miles in just my sock!  Now I guess they'll only be useful to wear for painting or yardwork that doesn't require any great amount of walking - just standing.  Really unhappy : (FYI: Not really a criticism but a word of warning - the colors are MUCH brighter than they appear on the website - almost florescent.", "I had to play in a tournament the day after receiving the cleats, and they fit perfectly and looked just as described online. Great purchase!", "Very narrow", "Nice shoes but can cut into the back of your heels pretty badly", "More expensive than others but it's an excellent product. My Child is Happy with it.", "Seriously, I bought another pair of nike shoes the same size and they are great, but this one is a waste of money. Maybe a 9 or 9.5 would fit.", "this nike fit just right. i recommended as long as you have thin  feet.", "I really like it !!", "It hurts my left foot", "After trying different cleats with different brands and unhappy with the fit (especially around my toes), I am now very happy with these cleats. I wear a size 10 and to me they are a true fit; a little snug at first but of course they loosen. I've worn them a couple times during practice, two games as well, and I'm never &#34;aware&#34; of anything like heat or rubbing or tightness or stud configuration. Nothing. No blisters. They are fantastic! And also my family has an easier time spotting me from the stands with the bright orange color, lol.", "should buy 8 next time, cuz you need to wear socks...", "I wear a 12 in Adidas cleats as well as turf shoes. I bought these and 12 couldn't get close to getting them on. Be aware that they run pretty small.", "Great looking turf shoe. the narrower fit is perfect for my feet. I actually wear them as my every day shoe!", "My husband loved them,  so comfortable and yet stylish.", "I'm a Nike fan so these were a no-brainer. True to size and easily converted from men's sizes to women's. Quality material and the color is very rich. Really comfy too! Love love love them!", "Personally, I think they're revolting, but I'm not an 11 year old NBA wanna be, so what the hey, they're perfect.", "My Granddaughter wanted these sneakers because of the popular style and vivacious colors.  They proved to be exciting to her fellow classmates as well as teachers. Her stylish dress has placed her in a special dressing class; very popular with her school siblings. She has already ordered another pair with different colors. She's watching closely for other new and upcoming styles.  Although a special Kid's size, they fit perfectly when utilizing the available size chart. Thanks.", "It was the first Jordan that came out. I could not find the original color but this one is a good replacement. It came really well packaged and it wasn't damaged or anything.", "Classic looks and feels awesome and is a reminder of other times. use for ballin or just looking sharp - cant go wrong", "Shoes were a perfect fit. Feel great and look really good. I'm really happy with these shoes. I will buy another pair soon.", "bought for my boyfriend to match his miami heat jersey for xmas. he loves them and wears them often. gets compliments from his friends too.", "Length is great, but way too tight.  Trying to stretch out I like the look so much.  Makes me feel like Mackelmore.", "The shoes were perfect and the price was also good. I am happy with this product and would recommend the seller. I know many people are scared to purchase Jordan's on amazon in fear of getting replicas. These are the real deal.", "it brought for brother .he very liked it .I think may be is not good for him,but whatever he like it  ,it enough", "Awesome shoes as always from nike. After 3 months of wear they have broken in nicely and the leather and stitching is like day one, 6 months later. Get some j's, they've been in style since 1985 :) Nikes do run narrow so if you wear a 12, nike says 13. would recommend to anyone.", "I like my jordan shoes. It's beautiful shoes and I wear everyday. I feel smooth my shoes.  Great shoes like it", "Great buy, great pair of shoes.  I bought these sneakers for my nephew and he loved them.  I don't regret this purchase.", "I love these shoes...but I need some pants and a shirt to go with them. Any recommendations? Email me at imsuperstar369@gmail.com", "looked,purchased, satisfied! first time user on amazon and i'm happy with what i've received. Getting a lot of compliments on the shoes.", "I love these shoes, however, they are a bit snug. I am a women and wear a size 10 so I ordered a size 8.5 since this is in men's. Next time I'll order a half size up. Other than that, these are a must have.", "I love how these sneakers look...comfortable n durable..absolutely true to sizeNow imma hit the gym in style ; )", "Very comfortable, and I'm very happy with the fit, condition is as promised; new.  The lace hold down strap makes this a stylish, choice for me.  I wanted a sneaker to wear with my expensive jeans and look.  Only these fit the bill.  They are sneakers but look like shoes, and the comfort is superb. The white very bright bottom part of the side was at first too bright, but wearing them I hardly notice.  The orange fly wire on the sides are elastic like a scrunchy, and there's an inner ankle support layer that is most comfortable.  I highly recommend this trainer for style and comfort.", "Very nice and light! Would recommend this shoes to anyone who wants to step there game up to the next level!", "One of the loops where the laces go in came undone though, not sure if it was manufacturer defect, or rough wear though. But it is a beautiful shoe.", "If you want comfort and fashion working for you, this shoes is perfect for any jerseys you may wear. My friends were all in awe seeing my new shoes :).", "DOPE SHOES!", "Looks great. Same cushioning. But the lack of mesh (as would be found on other 5.0s) makes this shoe narrower. It's not made with mesh upper by synthetic upper, except that it's thicker.", "I bought these for a friend, and he was delighted with them.The fit is just how he expected, and great value for money.", "FAKE!!! CLEARLY SEE THE POLKA DOTS!!! Don't be fooled by the false advertisement. Don't let your money go bye bye.", "These are 70 dollars u.s. ordered from alibaba express. why pay 200? I am not a paid spokeperson.Just a customer that does not want to pay alot for shoes", "I've always been a nike fan and been partial to basketball shoes with their arch support esentially built in. I'm a huge fan of Jr and seeing these released I wanted a pair. They match my Mariners gear figuring that would be the wear they see. I have to say without any hesitation these are the most comfortable shoes I've purchased since the air penny II retros about 3years back. They're heavier than I'm used to but I'll be buying a couple more pairs of these in different colorways.", "a good looking shoes for the right price, size are somewhat smaller than expected.. a good shoes nevertheless. lorens frrom PH", "I brought a pair of these for Christmas and there were so comfortable I brought another pair.  I love nice fitting running shoes for slipping on after work or going to the gym to get my &#34;Physical&#34; on.  These fit the bill!", "Really loved the shoes because I work in a warehouse full time and I usually stand up all day 10 to 12 hours a day and they just greatly help me out. The shoes also go good for working out and jogging, doing daily routines because they are really comfortable.", "This was a gift for my husband, who is very picky.  He loves them.  He said this is the first pair of shoes he didn't have to &#34;break in.&#34;", "The product fits snug but is true to size. The colors looks fantastic in person. It's definitely worth the money.", "Only complaint that I have is about the box. It was pretty beat up, and when your giving these as present it kind of takes away from it. Other than that, shipping was awesome! Also shoe runs about 1/2 size too small.", "My daughter is a tomboy and fell in love with these sneakers but we couldn't find them in any store in her size.  Amazon had them and she just loves them!  Shipping was a little delayed due to all the snow in the Northeast but she says they were worth the wait.", "My son  and wife loved the shoes.  Just like I saw them online  and the delivery was fast.  My son was asking almost very day when the shoe are arriving..", "Great fit, just as advertised. Have been breaking them in before playing. Feel great, wear long thick or padded socks for best results.", "I am a very satisfied customer from the order and purchase of the Nike Hyperflight Max shoe.It was purchased as a fathers day gift. My Dad was so overwhelmed with joy when receiving the gift.It was exactly what he desired and the fit was perfect. Over-all we are very pleased withshopping on Amazon.", "I was wanting to use them to play ball in. They happen to be just a lil too big. I started send them back But I got so many compliments on them ima just wear them with nice fits.", "Best shoes ever, very comfortable to play in or walk around in", "I really recommend these tennis shoes. They are awesome! I like them a lot! They fit true to size and they look much better once you put them. The only con is the tongue is cheaply made which should have had a nice feature. Also the laces aren't rounded like Jordan laces are.", "I liked the overall look of the shoe and I'm partial to the sir max line of Nike. I'm a picky shoe guy ad these shoes ended up being perfect. Illbuy another pair.", "I would have given this 5 stars ,but I thought the padding on the tongue should have been thicker than what it is.It is super thin.Other than that,They are a great looking shoe. The fit is what I expected and they seem to run true to size. These are getting increasingly harder  to find in larger sizes.I really like the color in these and if you like blue/black ,you won't be disappointed.", "Getting a boy to try on shoes is hard enough, but try getting an 18 year college freshman to try on anything expect an attitude is a miracle. These did the trick!He received them at Christmas and flipped, but they run one half size big.No issues with getting the next half size down size. Thanks Amazon!", "My son picked these shoes out and he loved them and has been wanting another pair in another color so it looks like I will be back!", "one of the best shoes i have ever put my foot into, want to buy a bunch more just to have them incase they stop making them", "Very comfortable running shoe!! hardly can feel it - no knee or foot pain - great sneaker for working out/running", "Looked great, felt great, and gave me swag. these are the shoes that lebron james actually wears in games. Sweet!", "Good shoe for my son's big ol' feet.  Needed these shoes in a hurry and the seller got them to me very quickly.", "Bought these for my son, and he loves them. Look great, and comfortable. Not able to comment on how they hold up to play (abuse) because the season has not started yet. With him they will definitely be tested, but if they're anything like the Nike Soldier VI's he grew out of this year, then we're in good shape.They were very good quality shoes.", "The sneakers are really comfortable and they fit and look great. They are expensive but they are wearing well so far. Amazon's price for this was the best I could find.", "my grandson seen these shoes in Hibbet sports, and loved them. They coast a lot more there than at Amazon. He wants more.they look good on.", "This shoes are cool bought like 4 pairs and they are nice, they are really nice for basketball and every body wants some. If u don't have aany gef some....", "I love how they look, they fit great, comfortable to walk in! Would Recommend to  Everyone Overall : Excellent Buy", "Fit's good although box said they where 8.5 the shoes where size 9 my son's happy with them. Wondering how could the box be maked wrong?", "I would certainly have given these 5 stars.  These shoes fit great, looked sharp and were exactly what I was looking for.  BUT&#8230;what was called Fusion Red and appeared red on every screen on which I viewed the shoes (Dell monitor; HP monitor; iPad; and, iPhone) was actually neon orange.  Not light orange or pumpkin orange.  But definitely that darker neon orange that is popular right now.  I was SO disappointed when I pulled them out of the box.  I really wanted to wear these to my son's hockey games.  His team colors are red and black.  And what's worse is our biggest school rival's colors are orange and black.  No way I could wear these shoes!  I'd be laughed out of town for wearing &#34;THIER&#34; colors.  And everyone in my family agreed, they were NOT red and they were NOT the same shade that appeared online.  So bummed.  Sent them back.", "It may be because these are a rare pair but glad to say it eventually arrived and everything was as described, and authentic.", "If you are looking for a TOY, light weight, somewhat flemzy is would be fine. I needed something that more closely resembled an actual AK47 for use as a prop. This is NOT it.", "I ordered this as a birthday present for my teenager.  As soon as we opened the box, we all noticed a large portion of the gun was broken and the &#34;inferred laser&#34; wasn't even included.  It is an extremely poorly made item and isn't worth half of the admittedly cheap price.  I will never order from this seller again.", "I was new to the world of Airsoft guns when I purchased this for my 12 year-old, so shame on me for not reading more reviews. The gun itself is made of incredibly cheap plastic, and you will be lucky if 1 out of 50 bb's make it out of this thing. (And yes, we have the right size bb's) We took it out of the box and the collapsible butt stock broke immediately. We put the scope on- and the top of the gun broke off, rendering the &#34;mock scope&#34; useless. I returned this item the day after Christmas, great service from Amazon but insanely, terrible item.", "Love these sneakers they match my shirt just right, and I have gotten plenty of compliments about these sneakers and my friends and family have been asking me where did I buy these shoes.  I have recommended this seller to everyone who ask me about these sneakers.", "Daughter loves them!", "Nice. As expected.", "Bought these for my son. . He loves them!", "My husband bought these shoes for his weekly basketball game.  He loves how they fit and how they look.  After he wore them the first time, he told me he got a lot of compliments.  They were easy to break in as well.", "My daughter picked these shoes out and was so excited to get them.  She can run faster and jump higher, so she says!", "Got it for my one year old brother we have been looking for the right fit and style for him , this shoes were great he walks much better with these shoes all the other shoes made him walk funny . I'm happy with my purchase.", "Nice shoes really comfortable. I recommend to get a 1/2 smaller I'm usually a size 5.5. Fit a lilttle big.", "He runs mid to long distance in track.  I ran across these shoes at the nike outlet in LA.  I bought them in 2 sizes.  A 7.5 and an 8.5.  This translates to a 6 and 7 kids shoe.He is now wearing a 6.5 kids shoe and the 7.5 still fits him.You have to put them on a few times before they go on easily.  He wears them with socks.  He likes them because they force him on his toes.  They give him cushion as he runs aroudn the track in races.  He prefers them over spikes.  Spikes make him end the 1500 sore.  These he finsishes without the soreness.I do have a concern as to if they are reducing his time over spikes.  Usually in the 400 spikes give you a 2 second advantage.", "This is my 3rd pair of these Nikes for my 3 year old daughter.  When she outgrows a pair, I get another.  My whole family loves them!  They are good-looking, comfortable, light and flexible.  And no shoelaces, which makes them perfect.", "My 8-year-old got these for indoor soccer. They arrived within 3 days, even without Prime. The size 3 fit perfectly, and he finds them very comfortable and stylish.", "I love these Jordan's because they go with a lot of her little outfits.  They are a little big but I made sure they were so she could get more wear out of them.", "I bought the exact same brand, style, and size as my worn out mercurials (that still fit) and these were too big", "These shoes were perfect for my son. it was so difficult to find cleats in his size (10 US) . All his friends moms were asking me where I got them from . they sure get a lot of attention. Very happy with my purchase.", "My son absolutely loves these shoes and if he loves them then I love them. They are shoes so I don't have much to say about them, they do what they are supposed to do.", "exelen product", "My son picked these out and we compared prices and found the best deal on here.  The shoes arrived as expected and they fit him fine. He loves these soccer cleats!", "Like walking on air...lightweight. Size true.  Color correct.  Ordered a second pair just in chase these get ruined. Yes  I do that...", "Nike Air Slant Mid Mens Cross Training Shoes 678010-021 Black 12 M US Everyone likes my shoes! and so do i", "Once again a great pair of comfortable, supportive shoes. These are great.", "These shoes have not only made my feet look amazing in comfort, they have changed my life. My son Tony loves them, but he often gets on my nerves asking me questions like &#34;Daddy can we eat today&#34; or &#34;Daddy can I go to the dentist, my teeth hurt&#34;. But I just show him these bad boys and  he knows his sacrifices are worth it,", "These the retro 5 Dorns and that should be nuff said. These retro old school but new and clean and got no scuffs or nothing. I like mines with swap laces and I don't tie them or nothin less I iimticipate need to run real fast. Then they get laced TIGHT.Every family should has them. Me and my 17 brothers does but one lost his because of a robbery and he didn't has them laced tight enuff.You got the money, buy them.", "Has been my favorite style for years.  Hard to change when you find something you like.  Only thing I noticed about this particular color blend is that it got dirty really easy and I even have a white pair that stayed clean longer.", "I bought these for my 12 year old son. He is very picky about how shoes fit, but these fit perfect. Looked great also!", "My daughter wanted these. They are boy's sneakers. Still, great kicks. Should've waited but, she just had to have a pair w/ &#34;shocks&#34;.", "Although it is slightly big, my son doesn't want to sell it as the fit is comfortable. The colour and appearance is outstanding", "I normally wear converse high-tops for everything so these shoes took a day or two to get used to. Overall they are a great tennis shoe and are relatively light and comfortable. I would recommend these to any tennis player. Only comment I would make is that they run a bit large so it may be best to order a 1/2 size smaller. My other two pairs of nike basketball shoes are a size 8 but for this shoe I had to order a size 7.5 and they fit perfectly.", "The shoes are light and stylish. When I wore them, i received tons of compliments on my shoes. I wore them with blue jeans and a polo tee. I will get the other colors as well.", "The shoes were defective, called the company, ah would do nothing & did not care to hear about our issues.  Said no one had this problem.  However the 4 kids who had these shoes in our small town ALL had the Same problem...Nike did not stand by their product. Not your problem.", "11 year old has wide feet, measures a size 7 1/2 and an 8 was entirely too small for him.  Had to return.  Great shoe otherwise.", "but this shoe fit me exactly how i wanted and is playing perfectly..everything was present in the box thumbs up", "The shoes are wonderful and 100% authentic!!!  I purchased a pair at the beginning of the year and I have received so many compliments.  I did my homework before I bought them and they are the same exact shoes that were sold in the stores.", "At first i thought it might come out small for my cousin size, but it exactly fits perfectly! the shipment arrived pretty quick and looks real to me. Can't beat the price online which is fair enough to me.", "Real shoes cute nice get them their the best trust me i brought a pair so with futher due get these shoes", "Couldn't get them in store line was crazy long. . But I'm glad I bRought thEm . Wish ppl would stop making false reviews", "This shoe is sick and very worth the asking price if you were unable to get them when they first came out. Love love love", "These shoes are real !!! Exactly the same as the pair my brother bought in the store !!I'm very happy with my purchase !!", "Cause my size is really small, I'm worried that it might not fit me as well. But we tried it, it just fit as expected. The shoes are solo cool! U just can't miss it!", "Very happy with this purchase. A little worried at first, about the size and buying something expensive online, because of all the fakes going around the internet. But these bad boy are real.", "I love these shoes I wanted them so bad and I must say I was thinking am I gonna get screwed but oh boy was I happy thank you so much", "No complaints! They look and feel great! Official Gammas that I was skeptical about ordering online. Glad I opted to do so...", "Although they did take a while to arrive, they were worth the wait. Wrapped tightly, each shoe filled to keep shape, laced from the Nike factory. High quality black leather that looks rich. I needed a mens size 7 for my girlfriend, and that was exactly what arrived, which is kind of a difficult size to find.", "Just beware that (for me) these run a half-size, or maybe even a whole-size larger than they are labeled.  ...or are my feet shrinking :o", "Love it great for running or walking also very stylish will actually look good with jeans. Shoe are also very comfortable", "Just as other Nike shoes. Nice! Good to wear.I like the large air-cushion, but there are very limited choices. This is a good one.", "I've had these for several weeks and I am completely happy with them. I have posterior interior tendinitis in my left foot and am flat footed and always have to have inserts in my shoes. When I first tried them on they seemed a bit snug and I worried for a moment  but once I had them on and walked around in them I was completely happy with my decision to purchase them, I did not have to wear inserts and my feet were smiling, I know this because the smile travelled to my face. I will be purchasing another pair in a different color. I wish all shoes, athletic and non athletic were this comfortable.", "It was cool and very fit to me. I like that shoe because when i jumped i feel like i have a supporter in my ankle", "Very nice shoes, size is just about right, very comfi as well, no other shoes in this price will give you this quality", "Looks and feels great! I can wear them all day and night and forget they're even on my feet. Love'em!", "Digging these shoes..... Almost too pretty to play in.", "A very comfortable fit! 2 day shipment Gr8!", "These were an excellent purchase...lightweight, comfortable, great fit for serious footwork  sturdy and durable in all the right areas for the serious tennis player.", "We purchased these for my son.  Got a little larger than I normally would because his foot is growing like crazy right now.  He says they are super comfortable. Now wants all the matching NIKE combat stuff that goes with them.", "Great shoes but they run a tiny bit small.  Buy a half size larger than you think.", "Very good show for intense training and everyday wear", "The shoe itself is very nice and the length was accurate but it fit too tightly around the foot. Had to return the item.", "I would have bought them a half size larger, but they are awesome shoes and still comfy. Excellent buy!", "This is a great shoe for the gym. When you first get them, they are so snug its uncomfortable. But then they stretch out and become unreal. My ONLY complaint is that I would like them to be a bit lower to the ground for squats and dead lifts. Like the new balance minimus trainer.", "This is an incredibly light, comfortable, and supportive shoe for cross-training.  Although the sock style fit might not be right for those with wider feet, this shoe was made for medium to narrow feet like mine.", "Cool colors, nice fit. Couldn't find them anywhere else.", "great value....", "They are extremely comfortable and great for cross training from every movement from sprints, lunges,weightlifting. I really, really like the shoes. They run small.  I normally wear a 11 in Nike but this one I needed a 12.", "very good product", "i really love these nike air shark trainer sneakers. i just received them today.the color of these sneakers are crazy,crazy,crazy. black/atomic red/black. which the colors really plays well off of each other.i love the feel and the fit of these sneakers also the height of the sneakers are higher than most hi top sneakers i own .these are a definite keeper.these go well beyond my expectations.just a all around good shoe.thanks.", "A pair of sneakers that I like and are so incredibly comfortable.  Am going to get them in black as well.", "this is a father's day gift for my husband, i'm not sure if it will fits him since this is my first time to get him pair of shoes without trying it first and it fits perfectly/", "Awesome shoes feel really good and are great to walk, run, jump in I would recommend this shoe to everybody!!!", "It is a little hard to put on. Remind you, the shoe looks great.  It just a job putting them on. After you get them on they fit great.  They fit so great, that sometimes I don't tie them up.", "Comfortable.Not the lightest running shoe, but nice.", "One of the most comfortable pair of shoes I have ever owned. Nike outdid themselves with these!", "Fit well, comfortable, and look great", "This is a cross between cross training and running shoe. It isn't as flexible and slim as a typical running shoe.  I switched between Nike and Adidas shoe.  Like the look of the shoe with the fat air max.  I prefer darker shoe so it doesn't stick out (I have the black grey). I was ready to buy a nike foam running shoe, but when I was tried this shoe on, I spend the extra to get it.  It has that unibody design like a mock, but with shoe lace.This might be the softest nicest fitting shoe I worn and I have owned many air max before.", "Great shoes very comfortable tried on in store before I bought given that the tounge is attached but very comfortable.", "I wasn't expecting too much from this purchase. But it turned out perfect. Perfect fit and feels super comfortable!! I'll buy again", "great", "my husband LOVES these! he tells me everytime he wears them 'these are the most comfortable shoes i've ever owned.'", "My husband has had these shoes for several weeks now, and he still can't stop raving about them. Every day he wears them he reminds me that they are his favorite shoes because they fit so well and are so incredibly comfortable.", "I was left a bit smallThe lengua is cosidadid not meet my expectationsthanksfelipea a a", "These shoes are awesome, fit great, and are extremely comfortable, arrived on time, in perfect condition great for just about anything, running (trail) or hitting the gym.", "Richale RossShoes purchased were exactly what my son wanted. Fit great and look great. I would give Kicks an outstanding grade. Thank you.", "Great shoes just remember this is no tongue it's all connected, but love them.Nike always performs and these shoes show.", "Fit great and did not disappoint me by there looks.  Great looking shoe, better looking than I thought when I purchased the online.", "Great shoe, very comfortable,  GREAT cushioned feel. Very stable for anyone who has issues with rolling their ankles when being active and working out.", "Fits well. Tread isn't as nice as I would have expected, but it will more or less get the job done.", "I threw these shoes on and did a T25 workout without any issues right out of the box. I've been wearing them a week, using them for a mix of T25, elliptical, and lifting, and they've provided ample support. I was a little concerned because the material has a unique feel, and the shoe is much lighter than I had thought it would be, but support going side to side and jumping is excellent. So far so good with these shoes, I may buy another pair for travel...or if they just stay on sale.", "Everything worked out as good as could be. They even arrived a couple of days early. Great shoe at a great price.", "I purchased these with the intention of doing plyometric type cardio (specifically Insanity). For me personally they were not quite supportive enough for that purpose, but I really love the style and lightness, so I kept them to wear as non-fitness shoes. The color is called crimson,but it's more of a neon orange than red. I love the look of these shoes and have gotten a lot of compliments. Overall, super cute and great for walking, but not the most functional if you need a somewhat support shoe for cross training.", "Love this series of Nike. I cannot stand a heavy shoe in the gym, and they look really cool! Awesome", "Love the shoes!!  They're comfortable, durable on the court, and they get lots of compliments.  Big fan!  I highly recommend these shoes.", "LOVE, LOVE, LOVEeveryone wants themi could sell them off my feeti hope they never never wear out", "Breathable, good fit and supportive. The fun colors are a good side benefit, too!  I bought these o help with my runners toe and so far so good!", "I'm a big fan of original colors, new styles and get lots of complements on the purple shoes. These shoes always run a little tight in the toes that is my only suggestion for people if you like a little more wiggle room go a 1/2 size bigger.", "I  already have one of this size, and it fits great", "These shoes were so cute but there was not much foot support/cushion, and no arch support at all.  The back of the heel was weird, wide and didn't confirm to your foot.  Very very light weight fabric. FYI you have to pay to send your shoes back from this seller.", "Very comfortable. Fits true to size and like most Nike running shoes. Light weight, medium support.", "I received this sneaker very fast and that was a plus. Pretty comfy but I would recommend insoles for extra support.", "Very Comfortable, and I love the patterns and colours, goes with so many outfitsYou do not feel that you have shoes on at all", "Ordered these shoes on Tuesday (5/13/14) and received them on Friday (5/16/14) in great condition. Have only had it for 5 days, but stoked about it! Have only used it a handful of times so far for my Zumba classes and absolutely love the way they move with me! Very fluid with the movements and no &#8220;sticking&#8221; to the dance floor &#8211; perfect for the joints. They&#8217;re extremely light and form fitting so it feels like you&#8217;re floating and almost barefoot. There really isn&#8217;t much cushion to these shoes so don&#8217;t expect that when purchasing these.The only thing that I noticed is that the shoes seemed to &#8220;stick&#8221; to the hot asphalt as I walked to the parking lot (it was only in the 80&#8217;s at the time, but here in Texas, we can go to triple digits in the summer) so I may just put them on and take off in the gym.The black shoe is gorgeous  (I needed something neutral) &#8211; though I do like the other colors offered with this model so I may switch out shoelaces to jazz it up a little.  Hope they last a long time as they cost a pretty penny. So far so good! Highly recommended.", "Very comfortable sneaker & fits perfectly! It is also very light. This sneaker is great for Zumba, weight training, T25 & insanity!!", "They are perfect!!! I am really happy with my new training shoes!! :)Thank you so much!!! :D Love them!!", "These are Awesome I love the color and the style and the fit very comfortable and light weight.  I would definitely by again.", "I was upgrading from the 3 that I use for Zumba and Cardio Crunk classes. I didn't really see the difference in the Breath and non-Breath versions but I decided to go with the black/gray version of the shoe. A little too pink for me.", "Shoes fit great.  They were exactly what I was looking for, and I will enjoy running with my cross country team this year.", "I usually hate wearing sneakers. These are so comfortable, lightweight, and fun. I enjoy them so much that I've purchased 3 pairs!!", "I got these shoes expecting the Crimson to be a tad more Crimson.  Unfortunately the &#34;Crimson&#34; that was advertised was actually a very bright orange.  I'm pretty disappointed.  The shoes are very comfortable.", "As soon as I saw this show, I knew that I had to buy it. It met my expectation. I love it", "Fastest shipping ever!!!  We ordered on A Friday night and they arrived Monday morning!!!  Purchased for 15 year old for High Scho Football.  Excellent cleats for football-look and fit great!", "The look of the show is great.  My son wears a size 15 so it is hard to find shoes he likes that fit.", "The description of the item was not clear, when I received item it was orange, black and white. The shoe is tight in some areas and canbecome very uncomfortable when standing for a long period of time. I read some of the reviews on this item and heard bad and good on it. It is a nice looking shoe but not worth the price.", "I got these for dance cardio. At first they seemed stiff but they were notuncomfortable and I realized I needed the support they were providing.  Ilove my Nike Air but they could not give me anything like what these shoes do for high impact dance.", "Great, comfortable wear, just what I expected! The quality is what you want from NIKE. This is my second SHOX. I should have bought another color.", "Comfortable sneakers at a decent price, I would definitely recommend these for a basketball shoe if you prefer low tops.", "I loved the comfort and colors of these shoes but the styling made my foot look wide and flat. i was sorry to return them.", "They do, in fact, look like the picture, except the dark purple is more prominent in reality. These have lots of cushion and a wide toe box, with minimal stability features and good flexibility. Just what the doctor ordered.", "Great sweatshirt! The thermafit material is so soft and smooth...plus, really warm. I normally wear a small but I read previous reviews which stated it ran a little small, so I ordered a medium.  I am really pleased with the fit. Good quality and quite comfortable.", "No surprises just what I ordered & expected. Fit is great. Nice color. Light weight. Price is funny I paid $24. They were tagged $22. ??? Still a bargin.", "Nike is a great brand for my foot, and these slides are no exception.  They fit great and feel good.", "I got a size bigger than I normally wear and it did fit like expected.  I do wish that you could adjust the tightness, but these don't allow you to.  I do love the green/olive type color and the shoe does feel comfortable.  For some reason, I feel like my feet sweat a lot in these sandals and they don't in other pairs I wear so not sure why that is.", "The quality was good.  My problem was the fit was too close and it could not be adjusted as the loop is fixed.  My son wears 9 but this is small.  a size 10 would have been better for this brand", "Shoes are nice the color Was not what we thought but my son still likes them. I got jip out of cost because the retail said $19 but we paid 24 with shipping so I didn't come out with a better deal", "These are the most comfortable, supportive shoe I have ever worn for powerlifting.", "My husband like it and he said: Price good, excellent quality..... but run too small order half size bigger than your normal size.", "I loved the way these fit my hubby's feet and being in service, he loves how comfortable they are.  Thanks!", "Awesome, awesome, awesome shoe!!! Everybody is jealous!!! Very cool and different looking boot!!! I have been looking at them for a while and very happy I finally purchased them.", "The sole felt very mushy.  I would have had to use some very hard inserts.  Also, the camo portion of the boot felt like rubber, meaning feet would sweat to death...  You can do bette.r", "I loved my similar pair that I was replacing, but when I ran in these for the first time I noticed that they were slightly smaller. Had to purchase a replacement pair in a larger size for an upcoming race and found them at a 20% discount from what I paid for this pair.", "Great shoes for my job went from shox burner xii and xiii and so far so good much more comfortable and much lighter will be adding a second pair soon", "love these sneakers just got them in mail today super fast shipping..from LA to Philly via USPS in 2 days flat...... they fit true to size.. for me.. I'm a size 10 us... I'm a fan of the Nike Air Max 90 but the color is what caught my attention... first pair of Dark Grey sneaks for me..but not my last.. another pair headed my way soon..", "Cute", "Very cute but if u wear a 8.5 get a 9 run a little bit small over all comfortable shoe everybody was sweating them so keep em coming o yea pricing is a little pricy they really go for 65 so mabe a just y'all price you will get more customers", "Shoes fit and are as expected.  The only thing is that they are an orange color, and I thought crimson was a red color.  Not too many things match with these shoes, now that I know they are not red.", "Size is true to what it states!  My son loves his shoes!  Would definitely consider purchasing from them again in the future!", "I love these shoes! They are true to size and are very stylish and comfortable.  They have a wedge heel but they feel just like a regular sneaker.", "Beautiful, perfectly fit, cool, easy to wear, looks sporty. I'm waiting for autumn to wear it every single day!!!Love Nike)", "Size 8 fit is perfect . Very happy with my purchase . Glad I got an size 8 and didn't go bigger.", "Ordered 1/2 size larger per other various reviews of the same shoe; too small.  Reordered another 1/2 size larger...much better!  However, daughter wore them one day to indoor practice at school and color was completely gone (white exposed) at the toe end on both shoes. Bummer!  Thank goodness Amazon is awesome in their customer service.  We are going to try again to see if this was a random defect since no one else has written about this in their reviews.  For $106, a scuff is fine and acceptable.  However, to see bright white on a dark purple shoe...not so much.  Again, very comfortable shoe.  Wish us luck on the replacement! :)", "I absolutely loved my shoes. They came when expected and were what I have been searching for years. Thanks so much.", "In love with these shoes. .. I did have to break them in before they became easier to slip my foot in them but other than that they're amazing.. I'm already considering the exact same shoe in a different color!!", "I love my Nike Air Revolution Basketball Shoes! They fit very good and are comfortable. I'm stoked! 5 out of 5 stars!", "Perfect fit & excellent package. Came with the Nike Box, it is the authentic Nike pair of shoes & the size was excellent, no complains what so ever.", "this item was a 10.5 i bought for my husband, thank god my son is an 11 and loves them.. item runs 1/2 to a size larger.", "Like the classic color.. black and white and leather. Fit just perfect. comfortable and always durable. There are my second pair of tennis for jogging and doing sports.", "I have been wearing Nike shoes for many years, and have always appreciated how long they last.  My most recent purchase was about two years ago, so I decided it was time for a new pair.  Knowing that Nike runs small, I chose a pair 1/2 a size bigger as I normally do.  These shoes, however, were a little bigger than my other Nike's but fixed easily with some insole inserts.  The shoes are very comfortable and look and feel like they will last awhile.  I am noticing that they will be warm in the summer, as there is little venting on the shoe.", "I had sought after this particular shade of green for some time.  I now I'm proud to add it to my sneaker collection.", "I love the way my feet feel in these shoes and how comfortable they are. This has been the first pair of athletic shoes that I have been able to wear without my feet falling asleep.", "These sneakers provide great stabilization. My pronating days are over, at least until they wear out. I will be purchasing another pair, once I've run these into the ground.", "I have worn shoxs for years, but these hurt the botton of my big to on both feet. I would not buy them again, this is alot of money to have sore feet.", "i recommend because has a nice style, is comfortable ans suitable for daily run, nike shox has a special way to absorb the shock  and in my opinion this absorb system care about health of legs.", "Love these shoes!!! They fit great, the design is awesome and they are comfortable too! I would recommend these to anyone who wants a comfy shoe.", "Still waiting to hear on return of funds.Seems like it must be nearly a week.I have been checking my email waiting to see what is my next step", "These shoes were bigger and bulkier than I expected them to be, perhaps because I am used to seeing those neon colored ultra-light joggers that seem to be everywhere. I get Nikes because they have good arch support, important for my foot. The fit around the heel/Achilles is narrower than other Nikes I've purchased, so it's a big snug, but hasn't caused any pain. I wear a size 8 street shoe and bought these in a 9.5, per my usual upsizing for an athletic shoe. Recommended.", "Nice looking but could not put my foot in them they run very narrow so I could not even try them on....got a pair of Nike the other day 71/2 and they fit,I love Nike shoe just wished they would have fit sending back", "I always loved Nike shoes, and these don't disappoint. They look amazing and are comfortable for all day use. Will strongly recommend.", "I work in a warehouse where there is concrete floors,i walk at least 5 miles daily these shoes save my knees and my back i love shox.", "I love Nikes but they all fit different. These ones are very cute and are just as pictured! I would only recommend them to people with more narrow feet though. They length fit me great, but when wearing them during a workout they squished my feet so bad, I had to take them off. I don't have wide feet in most shoes, so I would just recommend them for narrow feet people.", "Felt like putting on a good fitting glove!  Love them. I did order a 1/2 size larger than my reg. shoe size. Lots of support!", "I really should have known better than to orders shoes on line. I had to return them .To tight through the toe area.", "They didn't feel comfortable...they feel as if they need broken in'...I'm trying to wear them and stretch them out...unhappy....grrrrrrr. 130 bucks wasted", "I love them, they fit snug but my feet felt good in them.  I would definitely recommended these shoes to anyone.", "Im working out and hiking every day, tried different shoe, different nike also, but this is the only nike or any shoe what is fit, comfy from the first use.Highly recommended", "My daughter absolutely loves these shoes.  She teaches college and does a tremendous amount of walking.  These shoes make it so much better for her", "Comfort level and styling are as expected , but price is still more than I would like. Would prefer more basic coloring.", "Because the comfort and feel are great I was told everyone wants a pair and i guess i will have to purchase more", "The shoes are comfortable but the are a little narrow at first but after a couple of uses they are good. The shoe laces seem short to me.", "Very comfortable, good fit, I am wearing them to run and workout.  Very happy with these sneakers. Would recommend these.", "The shoes fit right. They are very comfy to work out in and even for everyday walking. Reasonably priced too", "This style of shoe runs 1/2 size small and narrow.  Order up and you'll be fine.  Otherwise I like the shoe.", "I love the colors on this shoe!  and I've always loved the Nike Shocks, but this shoe is so bulky that it doesn't fit right.  There's just too much material in it that it doesn't fit right or comfortable and It makes my size 8 feet feel huge.", "As others have said these shoes are very padded. Like abnormally padded. I would definitely size up. Makes me disappointed. Did not return as the fit me correctly length wise but are very tight.", "I love these and am so glad I went up a 1/2 size! They are so comfortable and love the way they fit me!", "Wish they had more colors, bought 2 pair of red and 3 pairs of black.  Most comfortable shoes ever played in.", "It's a little bit small. Not good. But i am wearing this sandal. But it is too tight and too small.", "My nephew love them and fit as expected. The color and designed are perfect.", "At last a pair of cool trainers for ladies! Although they're not on the nike site, luckily I found them here. I needed a pair for Netball so had to have ones that gripped, allowed me to spread my feet inside the trainer and supported my ankle. BUT I wanted ones I actually liked. Running/sports trainers are generally rank, especially women's ones, I don't know who designs them.So yay to these guys! They're not as squishy as I hoped for, they're quire rigid and where the shoe bends on the front, as you walk, it kind of rubs right now so I'm wearing them in as I type, They're way to pretty to even think about replacing. I don't care if they rub for a day or two!", "They are a pain in the you know to get on. Other than that they are great. They don't look like the icky 80s high tops I've been avoiding even though I have &#34;unstable ankle&#34;. That's a real medical diagnosis. It means a bad sprain that never healed right and cause the tendons to loosen or partially tear.", "Im so in love with these shoes. have received plenty of compliments at the gym by both guys and girls. very comfy almost like your wearing no shoes at all.I highly recommend them (:", "Comfortable shoes that match majority of my athletic wardrobe!! These shoes are of great quality! My mom tried to steal them from me, luckily she can't wear my size.", "these shoes are stiff and uncomfortable. the first time I wore them they creased accross the toes maling them look used right away", "Very nice pair of sneakers my husband like them a lot Nike KD NSW he got 2 pairs. Thank you.", "bought these for a trip to mexico!  they rate airy, comfortable, and super light-- got TONS of compliments as well!", "Super comfy, stylish, bright and catchy! Amazing color and comfortability. Size is as expected. Usually i'm 7,5 and these shoes fit perfectly. So happy with my purchase", "Very comfortable as expected. Get the size you wear because with wear time they will stretch and eventually crease at toe line. So i suggest what size you wear is the size to pick..", "I really like the shoes,the color the same as inThe picture,i have some compliments at work,I hope theres another color availableAnd i buy another one", "I have bought a tons of nike shoes and these are by far my favorite. They are comfy and have lots of support esp. for someone who has knee problems. I also workout everyday and they are perfect for that as well.", "Got this for my old lady, they look nice and fit well, but they are uncomfortable when you work out,", "She loves these shoes. she had be looking for them for a while. They were a great Christmas present for her this year.", "My son has been wanting these for awhile. If they are durable and cool enough for my 13 year old- then they are a great find!", "Color as in picture, order deliveried in time and the shoes really nice in a box and authentic", "Really feels snug and fits great! Helps me feel grounded and walk with confidence! A great buy for anyone who likes comfort", "This sneaker is great", "Because of the price, these Janoski's are tough to beat. I've skated a couple pairs of these now. Previously had the canvas tops, I like the suede better. These shoes are very minimal, break in pretty quick and hold up well. Beautiful style, the color is a bit loud but with a calm shirt/pants, they look reasonable.", "Thank you very much man!Very nice and beautifull shoes!I've been looking for them a long time!thanks again!", "My son wanted a new pair of skate shoes and this is what he asked for! He is very pleased and loves them.", "I had no problem returning this item.  I ordered a 9.5 and they were too small, 10 would have been a better fit - but not available.  My son has a pair and they look good and he loves them.", "Great fit shoe. The delivery was great! Super fast! I would recommend this shoe to anyone who is a major KD fan.", "It is a nice shoes, has bright color. It fits as expected. But the price is a little bit higher,.", "Love them! Each Jordan flip flop style fits differently. This particular style is awesome! My son is a size 11 and he also drags his feet! This style tightens enough so that the shoe actually &#34;hugs&#34; his feet! The construction is amazing! The shoe is worth every penny! My son will have these flip flops for the next 5 years! Lastly, order the size of this flip flop that you currently wear because this shoe, actually all Jordan flip flops are sized correctly.. is you go up a half size..they will be too big! Love the product! Love Amazon too!", "My son loves these cleats!  They fit well, are comfortable and look great!  He's just started conditioning but so far they've held up terrific.  The additional cleats for extra traction are a nice feature.", "Comfortable! Shipment was on time. Thank you. It is great on running. Color is great & fits for comfort to my feet.", "I like the style of the shoe, but it doesn't fit as I hoped.im going to change the size , hopefully they will fit better", "These are the best looking, most comfortable sneakers I have ever worn. I'm buying another pair with different color scheme immediately", "Great product, and good service!!", "my grandson loves these shoes. he wears them everyday to school. they fit just as they are supposed to. love them", "FYI - Jordan's for kid usually run small (anywhere you buy them from) so I get a size larger....good luck!", "My son is 5,and he started playing basketball this year and he loves these shoes! Great shoes, great price! Good", "This is my sons 1st pair of metal cleats and he really likes them. Will buy again when these are to small.", "These shoes are lightweight which makes them good for play, will see how they will  last, too soon to tell.", "He loved these air maxes in the blue and gray. the color was unique and they arrived in new condition. perfect gift.", "I like the shoe. Maybe my ankles will get used to the repeated bruising from the elevated support at the heel.", "I've been running in Pegasus shoes since they first showed up in the 80s. They always fit and this pair is no exception.", "The shipping was good with great customer service, but by the time I got them, I didn't want them anymore. However, they look exactly as pictured and are indeed the real thing.", "This is a nice show but not ideal for people with wide feet. Nike shoes usually do well with stretching out after worn a few times but if you have wide feet, they will be uncomfortable at first.", "I like the design and the leather. It is little bit small but I think it will be good with the time", "These shoes are great. I like shoes with a simple color design and these are not only comfy, but sharp to look at.", "The best AirMax 2013 as it is leather which is what I preferred thou it runs a bit smaller. I hope there will be a leather version of Airmax 2014 too.", "Good morning, i want to know why these shoes don't have the space for chip in any shoe. I am wondering if is a factory default or anything else.Thanks a lot", "I had own the 2010 and2011.Very comfortable and durable, I am wearing the 2011 presently while writing this review.when I saw the 2013 leather version,that did it for me.", "I WAS VERY PLEASE.i would shop with you againthank you so very much  so take care i will pass this on .", "I will like to know if these Air Max Leather Black 599455-009 have the chip to use on my cell, as the other air max that I have?", "Everything else seems fine. But the size is obviously inconsistent between this leather version and the cloth version. You should for 9.5 if you are used to size 9 of the cloth version.", "These sneakers will fit your size exactly, even though it is kind of a tight fit. Ordering a 1/2 size down from your regular size may make this shoe too small for you. Other than that, the shoe is good. These are some nice classic Nike sneakers. I'm a big fan of air maxes.", "These Air Max shoes are narrow and tight.  Make sure to order wide if available.  Not a bad looking shoe.", "I bought these shoes for my husband to go with his sweat suit. I love the way these shoes look on him. These shoes are definitely worth the money.", "He wears a 10.5 in Nike everything else (not wide or narrow special sized) and these are particularly tight starting at the base of his toes. They are actually uncomfortable for him to wear; so, consider ordering WIDE, even if its not typical for you", "Every-other shoe lace mount anchors down at the sole rather than just being an eyelit. I guess it helps the shoe wrap around your foot or something. Either way, one of mine has a broken string anchor thing and I have to run the lace through stupidly to keep it laced up. If I could figure out how to fix it, or better yet, it didn't break, it would get more stars", "I LOVE the shoes. they look just like the picture and feel amazing. the stupid company sent me the wrong color. the product is great tho, just beware they might send the wrong color but if they do they pay for returns and stuff like that.", "The shoes fit great, and they were insanely comfortable.  They felt like socks on my feet.  Super light, flexible, nothing but good things to say about the way they feel.  The only partial drawback is the endurance.  I had these shoes for about 6 months before tearing a hole in the side at the pinky toe.  These shoes are doomed to the same fate as most other running shoes have been for me.  That dreaded hole in the side of every mesh pair of shoes.  It doesn't come so much from running straight, but changing direction.  I tore them while playing basketball.  So if you're only using them for running or even as casual shoes, you can't go wrong here.  If you're looking for something to run in and also play sports (soccer, basketball... pretty much anything but track), look elsewhere.I was contacted by Nike Support when I tweeted about tearing these shoes, but the process of telling Nike I got a bad pair was unsettling to me.  I don't think I've ever had running shoes last 6 months, and I don't think another pair would have lasted any longer than these did.  The way the mesh is designed in today's running shoes simply isn't durable enough to support sharp changes in direction.  Before these, I went through two pairs of Adidas shoes that suffered the exact same fate.", "Be sure to order 1/2 size or maybe even a full size bigger than your normal shoe size. But i can see they will be very comfortable when I get the right size.", "i consider this shoe rating because when i first got it the box was perfect as soon as i open the box, the laneys was fresh, no creases, scuff marks, nothing.I personally love this shoe becasue its light work something you can put on real quick and look flyyyyy.I would recommend his sneaker to my brother because he is a sneakerhead also lmaoo", "Ok, I think these shoes are over priced.  They are nice shoes but $200 for a pair of sneakers is simply rediculous.  My kid loves them, and is already asking for another color.  I guess that means they are doing the job.", "These shoes were a bday gift for my 13 year old daughter. They arrived on time and looked very good in the box.  They look GREAT on my daughters feet!  She absolutely loves them!  She wears a size 7.5 in women's shoes so the conversion of going a size lower to figure her size in boys was perfect.  Thank you for another great product, Amazon!", "Wore them to school on a monday and hasn't stopped since, they look great, fit well, we ordered a lil big and they fit as expected. plus they are cheaper price wise on here, will deff look for more shoes when its time.", "Nike Mens Air Dt Max '96 Vivid Pink/Metallic Silver-BlackNike Mens Air Dt Max '96 Vivid Pink/Metallic Silver-BlackFits well good style and everyone loves dem", "I got these j's for my man, he fell in love with them. Great fit!!! Wish they had my size too.", "My Son got these shoes for Christmas.. he hasn't tried them on the field yet..but they fit perfectly, and he is very happy with them.", "My son loves his new Air Max. Thank you. They are made well and he loves the colors. Good quality.", "My granddaughter has these and wears them everywhere.  Brought these for myself and are very comfortable and fit perfect.Like the color as well.", "The filler at ankle was exposed.There is Chinese instruction in the box not English.& No guarantee tags.I doubt the shoes are real authentic.", "They fit as well as expected I was a little scared to purchase shoes online at first bow I am confident I can do it again", "Fit perfect and they arrived on time.  Thinking about ordering another pair soon.  Great shoes for running for track.  Highly recommended", "Love these shoes! Wish I could have a pair in every color. I normally wear a 7 1/2 but like an 8 in athletic shoes and the 8 fits great. They are very lightweight and comfortable. A little expensive but that's what you pay for Nike's.", "When she told me she wanted this for Xmas, she didn't realize itcame only with the aqua colored sole and first of all, didn't like that,but then the shoes didn't fit her because they were too small", "I just had foot surgery this past December and I have two pinched nerves in my foot.  My podiatrist told me to wear soft shoes with a rubber sole.  I had gone to a local department store and got fitted for this same pair of shoes in a very bright orange.  They did not have the size I needed in this color but I bought the orange shoes and then found these on Amazon.  I now have two pair but they are worth every penny.  These are very light and so comfortable.  I showed them to my podiatrist and he was happy with my choice.  They are soft and don't bother my scar at all and they are gentle on the pinched nerves.", "Love them. Super light and comfortable.  Other shoes hurt my right foot due to breaking it in the past but I forget it even happened when I run in these", "They are nice. Was surprised by the color.Just a little small. Should have gotten a size bigger. That's my only issue", "Somewhat smaller than I expected. But I still like how they fit and the lightness on weight.", "I have had Nike Mercurial Vapor boots since they came out. They are by far the best boot on the market. They are so light that while running, I find that you can't even feel any weight on your feet. It is amazing. The mercurials also establish a comfortable fit that molded well to my feet. I found the control with the ball amazing. Bending the ball on free kicks actually seems easier, which I believe comes from the boots fit and grip. To date I have scored 4 free kicks, and the season is only half way through. Hands down the best cleats, don't miss out.", "I was disappointed with the size selection with prime. I normally wear a size 10, ordered a 9.5 and they were too big so I had to return them. The cleats themself are excellent. Very light and the toungueless design is very nice. The stuff configuration is very nice too. I had an issue with the two heel stud design on the vapor 8 and 9. They would break on me. These won't have that issue. For some reason cameras are not able to display the color correctly. These are very pink cleats. Overall nike did a great job redesigning and taking the vapor to the next level.", "Just got these in today. When I opened the box I was disappointed. It looks too pink for me. I tried them on and was like wow. I've never felt a boot so comfortable. It's like they've been broken in for me. Still, I didn't like the color and said I'll return them, too pink! I printed the return receipt, packed it back in the box, and started thinking, what kind of boots can I get that feels like these vapor x. Maybe vapor 9? I wear Adidas f50s and like them, but after every game it's blisters from toe to heal. I said well let me at least give it a try on the pitch, and if I like it I'll get the 9.  I opened the box again, took them to the pitch for about 30 minutes (by now it's getting dark). Crossovers look like a light show, feet looks like I am glowing in the dark. Took some touches, strikes, and again was like wow. Came home, now the shoes are dirty. Guess I'll keep them, and learn to love pink. You can always say it's breast cancer awareness boots! I have to wait till a full game to see if the shoe holds my blisters in check. But for now I love these boots!Update: Played for about 2 hours today with it!  If I could give it 10 stars I would!  You have to try these boots!  Best ever!", "My husband is very hard to buy for and he loves these shoes. I am very much satisfied with them.", "made in chinaUncomfortable", "I get a lot of compliments on my shoes.  They are comfortable but get a little heavy after being on your feet for  6 hours.  I love them", "This was for my brother as a birthday gift and he was very happy. He was surprised and I didn't have to spend so much money.", "I gave this order a bad rating because of the affiliate company I ordered through, not because of the shoe.  The shoe looked great but was uncomfortably high around my ankle.I recently tried ordering a pair of jeans in multiple sizes and these shoes after noticing that shoes and clothing could be returned for free.  I am accustomed to this from my usual online clothing retailers but didn't realise amazon offered the same option. What I didn't know was that this particular company (where I found my size) was a total pain to return to.  I had to make a special request for a return, and then had to pay in full for return shipping AND on their shipping slip they mentioned that I would also be charged for the initial shipping if returned!  The total is about $17.  Outrageous. That is totally unacceptable and should have been made very clear on the purchase page.  Please find someone else to order from-like zappos.", "Very comfortable. It almost feels like there is nothing in my feet because they feel so light and fit perfectly.", "The laces cut painfully into the top of my foot through the thin, unpadded cloth of the tongue, and that was with fairly thick socks on pacing in the living room. Walking down hill would have been hell. Poor functional design, all style, no brains. Returned them.", "Very comfy, fits perfectly on foot, laces ties easily and easy to put it in... Highly recommended.Very good for the price", "Ordered for my son for Christmas and he loves them.  Says several people have asked where he got them because they want a pair too.", "My husband love them.  Would order from you again.  They are great looking and fit nicely.  I would order a pair for myself.", "I was very satisfied with the shoe the color it fits well as always I am a satisfied customer I look forward to my next purchase from Amazon", "These sneaks as perfect.  They arrived fast and fit great.  The colors are bright and the fit is awesome. I will buy more in different colors.", "Shoe feels like cardboard, too stiff.", "Sirs.TSTSC Industries & AmazonExcellent services and attentionNike Air Max Navigate Women's Shoes, Pure Platinum/Current Blue/White, 7.5...Sincerely.Byron GG", "I've been a NIKE girl for the entirety of my adult life, and for good reason. Nike is serious about promoting the health and quality of their customer's lives. They produce quality products to insure we accomplish our health goals safely and with the greatest degree of comfort! With NIKE, there's no excuse NOT to JUST DO IT! THANK YOU NIKE!", "I held off a long time getting these shoes. Firstly, there are no retailers that carry them. My local running store said they just weren't good sellers so they sent the shipment back.  I've been trying to find a more cushioned shoe than my go-to New Balance MT110 (on my 3rd pair). As I get into longer runs and in more technical terrain the MT110's just don't have enough underfoot. After 13 miles or so, my feet are just too beat up, especially on anything with lots of technical downhill runs. The MT110 is my perfect fitting shoe. The upper hugs my mid-foot and heel like no other and I have perfect amount of room in the toe-box.  The lugs on the MT110 are amazing in all conditions. In fact, I've only had to use spikes in snow on one occasion when it was especially icy. It's just lacking in the mid-sole department. So, I've been in search of the just-right cushioned shoe.I've tried a few other shoes and putting this on was a 'wow' moment for me. The upper is incredibly soft and breathable. The sole has amazing cushioning for such a low stack. My first run in these were on some rocky terrain and I wanted to test if I would feel sharp rocks.  Nope. Nothing. The Zoom air pods do their job without the need of a rock plate. They're light weight and have a great, roomy toe box. I didn't experience any slipage or hot spots on my first few runs.Pros: Lightweight, roomy toe box, soft comfortable uppers, good amount of cushion without being too much or too stiff. Nice soft heel. The way the lacing works really supports the mid-foot (I don't know what they call it).Cons: on flat terrain I can feel the zoom air pods under my forefoot.  The sticky rubber outsole wears quickly on asphalt or concrete. The burrito tongue will fold under easily and cause a rub spot. When I put the shoe on I have to be careful not to extend the tongue out too much to get my foot in.Overall I'm very surprised and happy with the shoe. I've yet to get a long run (longer than 10 miles) but these are very comfortable. My biggest concern is they will be discontinued soon, like every other shoe I fall in love with.", "love playing ball in them. good ankle support. good traction. but gotta keep em clean cause they look good in the club too!", "They are just as I expected them.... my husband really loves them... I bought my son one  a couple of months ago and I was so pleased with the product I decided to buy this one..", "These are the first pair of sneakers that haven't left my feet sore after a run! I have long toes and find most closed toed shoes uncomfortable. But because these shoes are soft all the way around, they don't pinch my feet in any area. This is a nice balance between &#34;barefoot&#34; or minimalist running shoes and traditional heavy running shoes. They are lightweight, yet feel supportive. I normally wear an 8-8 1/2 in regular shoes, and got these in a 9 (because your feet swell while running). They feel great on my feet during runs and walks. I went to several shoe stores and tried on dozens and dozens and dozens of shoes before finally settling on these. And after using them for about a month, I've decided I'm definitely getting another pair.", "It's a good fit, comfortable, and pretty. A little painful when hiking rough trails, but these are running shoes and aren't meant for rocky paths. On concrete, they work wonderfully and my feet feel comfortable enough to stand around all day.", "Great price but shipping was a little high for my Destiney love", "Shoes fit perfect for my lil man. He's been playing basketball and doesn't complain about his shoes. Bought them due to the height to protect his ankles.", "I loved the Nike Air Cage Courts; wide fitting and comfortable.The Nike Air Max Cage is totally different! It's much more narrow in the heel/arch area. I got blisters from this shoe after 30 minutes of playing, because the arch is extremely narrow!! When you lift the insert, you see the width is only 2 inches!!I should have taken a hint from the tenniswarehouse video review, playtesters saying the heel didn't fit right. Now I know what they were referring too.. The arch pushes and pokes you on the side in the arch to heel area, because it's too narrow and high.Summary: A nice dress up shoe, NOT a sport shoe! Unless you like blisters on the side of your foot.", "\"Air Max Cage\" shoes (maroon one and grey/black one) have low arch support by default for me. I have \"medium\" height arches and much prefer SuperFeet sole insert (green one) which mold to my feet. (It seems from 2-star review that sole insert, and/or insole, in \"Air Cage Court\" must be even flatter than that in Air Max Cage.)I find Air Max Cage to be just right in width. Unlike too-narrow-in-toebox Asics Gel Game, these don't hold onto sweat.My only problem is that heel area near the top loosens eventually, creating ever lasting \"loose\" feel of the shoe. Tightening the laces near the top helps temporarily.Also, I would have preferred if these would have \"stability claw\" like feature of Adidas Barricade 7 or 8 (last I tried, darn thing was too narrow).Despite that I found this shoe much better in overall comfort & fit. I had tried in 2012 also Adidas Barricade, Nike City Court, possibly others at Sports Authority; all of them were either tight in toebox; seemed like would cause sweaty feet; or, had bad arch support. (If it is not obvious, there is no good tennis shoe shop locally.)Currently I play (practice & lessons mostly) on hard court for about 2-4.5 hours a week.", "Awesome", "I love these shoes, was trying to get other colors, tried the 3.3 but it was too tight; and was giving all kinds of grief trying to return it to MVP Sports. Will never buy from them again.", "I should have waited to see it in person. I was a little overwhelmed by color. I like neon but this was an overload. For those that enjoy bright bright colors, this one is for u. Cool sneaker, good fit, good price.", "Cool, masculine feel of heavy crude and they do black out tough punggyeo a man inside the shoes feel comfortable ankle held up well for being so harsh man seemingly come out of feeling buried. Report comfortable and stylish shoes that just bought around like a good.", "Great sneaker I use them at the gym they have good support.  The shipping could have been a little faster though but understandable with all the snow in the East.", "Great style very comfortable. I bought the royal and black as well. It's a rough tough shoe that is versatile.", "They fit like a glove , and they are very comfortable. I always buy Nike, but I didn't know how these were going to work. They look, and feel great.", "I LOVE THESE NIKE BOOTS I GOT THEM FOR THE RAIN AND THEY FIT GREAT LOOK GREAT AND WEAR GREAT LOVE THEM", "I ordered these because I have a gray pair that are awesome.  These are great as well, fit exactly the same and are just as comfortable.  The only catch is that the color isn't really what I'd expected.  In the pictures they look like a common dark brown color.  They are actually more like a brownish purple.  Not quite like an eggplant color but close enough that they're clearly not just brown shoes.  I'm hoping that over time as they get worn and dirty they'll fade into a better color.  Aside from the color issue they're great shoes.", "I really liked this article because my son really likes football. he liked it. thanks. very good product.....thanks thanks thanks", "can't wait for the season to begin!, Bear Down Chicago Bears!", "The sneakers were just what he wanted&#8230;.he told me.  I have seen him runinng in the park and think he surely could not hide with these sneakers on .", "these shoes were different look--which is what i was looking for.  the fit is perfect and i really like them", "When i take on shoes, i grow taller!Very confortable and sooo cute!!!!My foosize is woman 6.This shoe is 5.", "My son love he's shoe he just don't take them off.he get mad if u tell him no not them.", "In 1996 the world brought me Space Jam. I thought it was impossible to make that movie better but almost 2 decades later this perfect sneaker has made its way into my life and turned the dial up to 11!", "At first i thought ehh i probably don't need these shoes.. but after i sold my house, kids, wife, and car i could finally buy these! As soon as  they came into the mail and i unboxed them (i now live in the box they came in) I knew they were worth every penny i spent. My feet felt like they were stepping into foam from the galaxy (hence why they are called galaxy foams) now whenever I'm walking down the street as a homeless person people always try to say &#34;aye! get off your butt and go do something with your life!&#34; i just hold up my foot and show them my fresh shoes and they back off. Anyway you NEED these pair of shoes they will change your life in a huge way!", "In my opinion, this has to be the greatest marketing event in the history of the world.Nike. Just blew it.", "When I saw these shoes, I though they would be awesome.  Selling the car for space age shoes is a perfect trade.  I should have read the description better. &#34;Foamposite&#34; sounded like space age material.  It's just foam.  THEY ARE FREAKING NERF SHOES!!!!!.  Nerf shoes have no traction or stability.  Nerf shoes squeak when they get wet.  You get beat up when you wear nerf shoes.  And now they are falling apart because I have to run to work 20 miles each way.  Terrible idea.  Don't buy them", "I know deep down in my soul that part of the money I am paying will go to giving the Cambodian factory workers who make these an $80/month pay raise. I hope that they can finally stop the protests since I bought 100 pairs. I made myself a bed out of 30 pairs, a pillow from 5 pairs, and an exact replica of my ex-boyfriend from the remaining pairs. He wasn't too happy with the fact that I maxed out all his credit cards and stole his emergency fund out of the freezer. He couldn't understand that it was for a humanitarian cause. I sleep like a baby every night because the shoes are super comfortable. Better than a Serta mattress!!", "I wear size 7 or 8 depending, on the  manufacturer. I purchased the size 14 (was hoping they had a larger pair). Either way,  I am able to fit both my feet into one sneaker and my wife & son can squish their feet into the other. We hop around town while all others look on with jealousy  all over their faces!", "so.  My mom's Athena.  Percy Jackson is my cousin.  We fight from time to time, as cousins are wont to do, but all of that aside, the guy's okay.  He got a movie deal and a SERIOUSLY great set of books in his honor.  I didn't.Mom and I sat down and thought about how to rectify this situation.  We decided that I should get Nike's shoes with the little wings on them to make me the ALL-POWERFUL messenger of the Gods.  And Mom, being the warrior woman she is, would get me armor that would keep the messenger from being shot.Well, Mom's pretty smart.  She went to Zeus and when he said NO WAY would he pay that much for shoes, she threatened to call the electric company and tell them the truth about his siphoning electric off the humans to create his lightning bolts.  He caved.  I got my shoes.yeah, DISMAL.  the little wings don't work.  Can't fly, can't run fast enough for all the petty squabble messages that need passing between the Gods and I got in trouble because one day I was so bored walking the 10,000 miles between Olympus and Hawaii (Dionysus REALLY likes Luaus) that I read all the messages on the way.  MAN there's a lot of sex and killing going on!  Game of Thrones has a LOT to learn!  Zeus was pretty mad that he wasted the money on the shoes.  Mom's pretty mad that she used her LAST blackmail secret about the electricity on these shoes, and I still don't have a book about me... or a movie.Medusa just laughs and laughs.  I gave her the shoes.  Maybe it'll save humanity looking in AWE at the shoes and not at her face.", "So, I was telling a friend I was being harassed by Superman so he sent me a lunk to these shoes. Now, I was skeptical at first. I had to black market my eldest son just to have enough to cover the costs and when I saw there was a special upgraded version I rushed back to the black market with my youngest son for half price to cover upgrade costs. I mean...its for protection from superman.No sooner than I had started to regret the selling of my children to turkish pirates on the black market did my shoes arrive. Not by usps or ups or fedex but on the inside of an asteroid that crash landed in my backyard. Upon approaching the massive crater it left I was bathed in a warm, glorious light and I heard the feint sound of harps playing in the distance. Laying there, on a bed of crushed diamonds laced with kryptonite was my magical foam shoes.I had barely had time to slide them on when I heard a surprisingly african american sounding voice from behind me...\"Aye, jive turkey, you done messed with the wrong m******ef mAan!\" and to my shock and awe when I turned to face the voice it was not only superman but he had brought Dolomite in a kryptonian war suit as his partner. Little did they know the crushed diamonds laced with kryptonite used as packing material for my magical slippers had left a fine coating of dust on my shoes so as Kryptonite Dolomite lunged forward I dipped to my right bringing up my left foot in a horse kicking motion, bashing Kryptonite Dolomites war suits helmet. He slumped to the ground, middle finger in the air and with his dying breath exhaled, \"Those gator shoes some baaaad m******ers mAan!\"At that exact moment I was clobbered from above by what was surely a mountain from the immense weight and pressure but as I looked up from the ground, magical shoes the only thing from me and being drill bitted to china, I realized superman had teabagged me. With a burst of adrenaline, embatrassed I had been super bagged, I swung the front tip of my shoe in an upward arcing motion and connected with superman in the groin area causing a mushroom cloud and sonic boom.When the dust settled supermans corpse lay broken and battered, my magical shoe atop his chest shining like a beacon of hope in a world of super alien, kryptonian tea baggery. Thank you Nike for helping me beat superman and Kryptonite Dolomite. I now have eyes set on world domination with youre shoes being my main tool of domination....MWAHAHAHAHAHA!!", "These shoes will inter-dimensionally teleport you to places to have never been before!  You will feel like you have god like powers with the power of these shoes!  Well worth the couple grand to mortgage your house for these awesome shoes!  Oh and I think they have WIFI built in them too.", "Built-in teleport function is great for escaping the crowds of people trying to burn me for wearing these blindingly hideous shoes.Would give 5 stars, but got herpes.", "It took me several months to save up for these awesome shoes. The moment I put them on my feet I loved them, and I can tell they're not just some regular ass 50$ shoe. My bitch 9 year old daughter will just bitch and bitch and bitch, &#34;daddy are we going to have dinner tonight&#34; &#34;daddy, can we get a car soon,&#34; &#34;daddy can I get a real jacket instead of a garbage bag,&#34; and every time she bitches I just show her my 1300 dollar shoe and that just shuts her up. Then I make her go to her bed on the street and go to bed.", "These shoes are sooo sick.  Definitely worth selling all of my teeth, one of my eyes, and one of my lungs for.", "They just arrived in flawless condition.  Now I can't wait to put my fresh 22 ' s and the blinking lights... now who gonna stop me now.... I've saved all my paychecks for this ...", "The price tag can be intimidating, but these shoes contain the mysteries of the universe. Stare long enough at the ineffable cosmos imbued in the soft but sturdy man made uppers and you will be able see distant worlds, count the atoms in your body and create world peace. Sadly, all this mind-expanding power can cause brain aneurysms. Nike found that out the hard way in product testing. This was originally meant to be a shirt. To protect the public they made them shoes, since it is harder to stare at your shoes for hours at a time.", "I saved up 5 paychecks from my time in Kabul, Afghanistan. I survived a rocket attack and with the money I earned, paid for these shoes. My friends think I'm crazy, but I thought that these shoes would help me to jump over rooftops to safety in record time. So much for that house I was saving up for. Oh well - these shoes are worth it! The splattering of unicorn snot all over the upper sole create a magical walking experience.", "You're probably asking yourself if paying $2K for sneakers that look like a unicorn barfed on them is really the best possible way to use your hard-earned cash.  The answer is &#34;no.&#34;  I figured, heck, if a unicorn barfed on my sneakers, I'd probably have some special magical powers, and I'd be able to ski on rainbows or something.  But no.  They're just shoes.  I checked my own mortality by stabbing my belly with a butter knife and all it earned me was a trip to the ER.  Where does Nike get off selling shoes that don't convey magical powers or immortality on the purchaser if I'm spending 2 large?  Now I've got a pair of blood-stained shoes that I can't return (should really have taken them off before attempting the butter knife trick) and a major bandage on my belly and I'm still just a friendless loser who can't ski on rainbows.  What a rip.", "i traded my private jet for these and they was worth it now i feel like i'm in  a whole new Galaxy of comfort", "When I first held these magnificent shoes in my man hands, I just threw up; it was too much. Sadly, it was all over these new shoes. I figured, &#34;What the heck, I'll sell them to  museum as a hip new art piece.&#34; But even when smothered in vomit, the museum would not take it saying it was &#34;too expensive&#34; even covered in vomit! I shrugged it off and eventually gave it to a homeless man. The man was obviously a little out of it (that would explain the smell of marijuana) and started eating the shoes. He died of liver poisoning in the following 13 hours. The coroner kept mentioning &#34;baby's blood&#34; and &#34;Illuminati assassins&#34;. He kept using really big words like the previous ones. Suddenly! A bullet pierces the window and shatters the coroner's skull and his brains paint the wall behind him into a perfect Illuminati insignia. I ran to the nearest police station and recited my story. He looked at me with a wild stare and knew exactly what had happened and shouted into his radio, &#34;WE GOTTA CODE GREEN&#34; and shut all the windows and doors and triple locked them. He and his 6 deputies were heavily armed and handed me a pistol. &#34;Don't tell the authorities,&#34; he said.&#34;But I thought you were the authorities!&#34; I replied.&#34;Not anymore.&#34; He said with a grave look in his eyes. Immediately, he was downed by a rogue gunner and we were surrounded. Deputies kept falling and I was consistently blinded by gun smoke, blood and dissolved hopes and dreams. I was hit in the arm and was dragging myself to the back rooms when I was suddenly swept into the dark abyss that the trapdoor had hidden. Luckily, water filled the deep precipice and I was swept away by a roaring current. I went on for what seemed like days. I washed up on the shore of a rocky, subterranean lowland. I saw a mysterious shrouded man swept me up and I blacked out from hunger and dehydration. I awoke in a dark room full of machines and robotics and monitors. I knew exactly where I was. I was in the most awesome place on Earth. I was with Batman in the bat-cave. I told him my story and we agreed to save the world. We went up to the surface in our stealth suits. We saw the group of Illuminati assassins and went after them. We fought in a fiery tornado of fists and bullets. I knew after the dust settled that we had won. I looked to congratulate Batman but he laid dead on the floor. I accepted my role as Batman and here I am todaySincerily, Batman", "Don't be swayed by the swish on the side of these magical love boats, just hurry and introduce me to the man who's sporting these in size 14 (wiDe)!!!!!!!!!!!  Woo-hoooooooooo! I'm so flushed thinking about it I can barely make the word minimum. Do they have any $2000 fans anywhere on this site? Mercy!!!", "Selling one out of the pair. I only need one shoe, as I only have a single arm and leg remaining.", "I bought these thinking Unicorns and Rainbows would surely blow out my rear end every time I wore them.  They did not.", "Week after week Daniel Tosh is responsible for showing us what is truly high fashion. I take great pride in knowing that some day, Daniel Tosh will own a pair of these just like me! My dream is to be just like Daniel. As of right now we are not too far apart. I am not really funny, I am really pale, I have about as many youtube followers as he has sold seats for his comedy show (13 give or take a few), & we both created a failed cartoon... BRICKLEBERRY!!!!!!!!!Our differences? I love women. I own these sweet kicks while Daniel Tosh doesn't.#HighFashion", "If you're a savvy shopper like me, you'll spring for the $2500 upgrade and skip the base model pair.  For only an additional $600 bucks you get bragging rights that you spent $2500 on a pair of Nike's.  It's a no-brainer to me and if you don't buy them right now you're stupid and poor.", "You may ask yourself why as woman would want to buy men's Nike's over some Tommy Chi's but I couldn't miss out on feeling the complete universe my weary feet would be shrouded in. As a female I was able to collect the money a little easier then most, let's just say mom's basement became the red light district! I did have to lift mom's wallet for the shipping and handling but it's well worth it.Wearing these heavenly kicks make me feel like queen of the streets and these beauties help me duck out if I see one of my former &#34;johns&#34; at the grocery store (who knew the mayor shops for his own groceries). I just have to say, those sweatshop workers are very skilled, I suggest Nike toss them another five cents a week for pure talent.", "two weeks ago I was going to sell one of my kidney to buy a iphone 5s(gold), but after I saw this pair of sneaker online, I changed my mind. I am going to sell both of my kidneys to buy these beautys. now Im in the hospital looking at this foam. I can see my kidneys are flying in the galaxy. now I just have to wait until my body heal so that I can wear my foams on the street, I want people to know you can trade your ugly kidneys with these eye candys. Tell me your r jealous bro", "these are the best/cheap nikes i purchased in a long time. they fit great and they looks better than the picture", "My son is at a stage where his foot is sometimes an 8 and other times a 9. I ordered this in a 9. These fit perfect and he loves them. They are also easy to clean when dirty.", "I usually wear a 9 so I ordered the black/red in a 9 they were way too tight. I ended up giving that pair to my Mom and ordered the black/anthracite in a 10. These boots are very comfortable and warm which is what I need living in WI. They are good with water/snow. My feet were not immersed in water but normal walking my feet have not gotten wet and I haven't worn socks with these shoes yet.", "I love the way this sandal fits and supports the arc of my feet.  Wearing these sandals feels like a massage.  Especially after a long day at work.  Design is sleek and simple but looks great.", "I love these shoes. They are very comfortable and well made. They are great when you have to go short distances and don't wont to bother with full shoes.", "Excellent material! Simple design but very comfortable and attractive. I do recommend these to those people who are looking for something simple but classy. I don&#8217;t know if they work during winter time because I live in Venezuela and winter for us is just a rainy season. However, the water shield system does work. An awesome choice!!", "these boots are high quality and very good looking. im very happy with my purchase.i would buy these again. thank you", "I am size 7 but i dont know why this shoes fits me big ., I think that were made as size 7.5", "I love these Nike running shoes!  They fit perfectly and support my feet very well when running.  Love the colors - great for summer!  I give them a &#34;5&#34;!", "shoes are great now for weights but could never run in them.  they are so stiff when you get them it took me a good month to get them to bend!  fun color,  like the look, now they are comfy - a bit heavy.  again i would never run in them but like them for other workouts.", "These shoes are always very comfortable and last for a long time. They are my fourth pair. Great quality and style!", "Dunks are the only sneakers I will buy & wear. I bought a burgundy pair last year and absolutely love them. The only reason I'm giving these 4 stars instead of 5 is because they're a bit tight. The burgundy ones (same size) are more roomy. I don't know why these are smaller but they are.", "The sneakers are well made and fit true to size. My son is a boot wearer and these sneakers are a great change.", "I have purchased items on amazon for many years and this will be the second bad review I have given. I have always been happy with my purchases. This shoe is a nice looking shoe however if you are going for comfort this is not the shoe to buy. I have owed several Nike Shox sneakers and I have to say these feel like knock offs. They are uncomfortable. after standing on my feet for just 3 hours my feet are exhausted and sore.", "I have owned a lot of Nike shoes over the years and I have to tell you these looked good, until I wore them then they just did not have that Nike feel.  In no more than 3 months the soul on the left foot began to delaminate.  After a little bit more there was a hunk of soul that tore off of the other foot. Now I am not hard on shoes.  The Nike Shoks I had before this lasted 8 years.  I used them on a treadmill daily.  This leads me to believe that these are counterfeit.", "Have the same pear and they fit perfect. These ones my left foot hurts after wearing it for a few hours", "The sneakers fell apart after two games of basketball, it seemed that the rubber was glued together!Horrible sellers!! I don't recommend you buy anything from them and to top it off I tried to contact them and nothing.Paid a lot of money for these shoes,they were a Xmas gift!!!! Not a happy camper", "My son showed me these boots on Amazon and wished he could have them because their awesome looking, so i went online without him knowing and order the boots. He loves the boots and said they fit perfect!", "Like this boot as replacement for dressier chukkas to wear to work or out for a casual evening.  Got an extra pair of socks with the order.", "sending these back for a full size up....my fiance wears an 11 in shoesm and other bots but everytime he gets Nike he has to go up one full ize...JUST FYI!  I didn't know  :(", "Feels good", "I love these sneakers fits good looks good can't go wrong with Bo Jackson's  some of the best sneakers out", "all nice a cool", "Very good shoe. I ordered the shoe because I always wanted a pair of flyknit chukkas. I wore them to school and received MANY compliments on them. I ordered them because of personal preference, but it is nice that a lot of people also like them.", "Lunar FlyKnit is one of the most comfortable running shoes I've ever owned in my life I love the way it grips my forefoot and cushions my high impact landings.While I consider this particular model of the Lunar Fly Knit shoe line more of a fashionable sneaker ( for sneaker enthusiasts like myself ) than anything, else it would make a great running shoe.", "my son loved it and i was impress when i saw it the weight is so light and the color is perfect.....no complains at all beautiful shoe", "Great product.", "Nice shoes these are the second pair I bought and I'm planning to buy more they fit perfectly well no regrets", "The most comfortable workout shoe I have ever used and I highly recommend them. Nike is the way to go...", "It was my first time ordering shoes through Amazon, I was a little skeptical.  But the shoe's were great and they fit great.", "because it's a very nice shoe the design and comfort is very detailed  plus the penny one cent logo ang the air force one combine is epic", "These a playa...", "I know shoes are hardly perfectly matched, but these shoes doesn't seem symmetric when you look down on them. They are nice to look at, but attracts dirt easily.", "I'm really happy with my purchase ...thanks alot..it was easy and fun.will be back in the future to get other stuff ..", "Sweet nice shoes they fit really nice and no one else in saint Louis has them I like em alot", "there fit my feet good i will be buying a next one soon but i do like them i had to pay border force and that was 27.22", "A very comfortable and stylish shoe. I never had a problem with the way Nike's fit, so its my first shoe of choice. This also was my first purchase of the air force style. Im rock these with some dark and some light wash denim slim fit jeans. That's tight as I will go. The jeans will show off the sleekness and the colors of the shoe. I will definitely buy another pair in a cool style not the all white I'm accustomed to seeing.", "Love these shoes. I can always find what I'm looking for on eBay. FitznKickz rocks. Will be back for more", "Exlant choose ,,, every thing was great as expected.", "These shoes are sick I love the colors and still haven't seen anybody with them so it makes me like theme even more", "these shoes too crispy", "I love them fit great", "Got these for my husband and he loves them! Fit great and they look great! He is very happy with his new shoes", "They were exactly what they said they was and the fit perfect and I will buy again in the near future", "Great shoes ! Fashionable and really comfortable . Good quality , stabile in ur feet and gives u a retro feeling", "Beautiful sneakers and they feet my feet wonderfully. With the amount of walking I do these shoes feel good on my feet.", "I love them. They are so comfortable. I would definitely recommend these cute comfy sporty shoes. They fit true to size.", "The show arrive on time , but there was a small yellow notsh on the base in the left pair, it didn't get clean by water .", "Fit well.  I get lots of compliments from people at work that they like my shoes, even strangers will compliment!", "I received them yesterday and they fit so comfortable I didn't want to take them off. Besides being comfortable they are so pretty and sexy. Can't wait for warm weather so I can wear my short pants with these Nikes. I love the way my legs look in them. So if you are looking for a good women's sneaker for running or just walking around and looking cutie, I highly recommend these Nike Women's Air Max 90.", "Went to all the sneaker stores at mall, no one carried this color. Love the sneaker,  feels a little big but otherwise fine", "These shoes look as they do in the picture. Clean look.  The fit seems pretty narrow to me. The length seems accurate. May need to get longer laces if the fit seems narrow. Overall, I like them.", "Don't get confused by the incorrect product description &#34;Dark Navy&#34;. The photo showed a pair of red suede trainers. These are more of a purple/raspberry color. Still great looking but not the red we were hoping for.", "My kid is soooooo happy,great shoes and great price.i highly recomended.this is the perfec shoes for kids,dont wait.thankyou.buenos bonitos y baratos", "I purchased my shoes at DSW actually but I thought I'd give a review of these shoes.  99% of the time I fit into size 10.5.  These shoes fit my feet perfectly in size 10.5.These are very uniquely styled and designed shoes in a few different ways.  All of the material is extremely thin and lightweight.  I've never owned anything like them before.I love to use these for floor training (HIIT and cross-fit).  I also use these to ride the recumbent bicycle.  Typical running type shoes have wide soles making getting into those toe clips a little difficult.  I don't have that problem with these.I've worn these for a few hours now after my workout.  They breathe really well.  Extremely comfortable and flexible.The shoe strings are a bit long for my liking.  Other than that, I'm extremely satisfied with my purchase and hope they last!I bought the black on grey style.", "this is one of their tried and true shoes and it is worth every penny. Great comfortable shoe. I love it", "One of my favorite shoes to wear!! Love them so much, I had to get another pair, but in a different color.  And as an added bonus, these gain a lot of attention and compliments.", "My daughter likes the shoes and usually gets the same size in Nikes.  But unfortunately this style seems to run small.  We'll return them but get the same style (hopefully the next size up is in stock).  Otherwise, the package arrived on time for the holidays when it was a last-minute order.", "You can buy the shoe cheaper on finish line .com. I was not happy when I seen that it was cheaper at finish line because I could of just ordered finish line gift cards and saved money.", "I gave this as a gift to my son and he's very happy.", "Very please with the KD slides. Love the comfort to feet after a workout. I wear mine mainly after the gym and exercise but I recommend these to anyone who seeks comfort and of course a KD fan! Good luck", "it's perfect to use after playing basketball. I don't need another tennis. Really nice and comfortable fits as I expect.", "I like big butts and I cannot lie you other brothers can't deny that when a girl walks in with an itty bitty waist and puts a round thing in your face you get sprung", "the shoe is really nice looks just like the one in the picture, and it fit the way I wanted it, nice shoe all around.", "I absolutely love these shoes!! They have a dark mysterious feel to them. I was pleased all around with these kicks", "My son wanted those shoes and I agreed to buy them for his birthday, although I thought they are expensive... I would never buy anything that costly to myself... Anyway, order and got them 3 days later and he is happy so I yes I recommend your services. Thanks!", "high quality fakes", "This is a very clean shoe and real too. Definitly real shoe would recommand shoe addicts to buy these shoes", "Look at the jumpman its crooked I have a pair from the store and the jumpman is in line w the bottom of the shoe", "My son bought these shoes and he.love them. He says they feel great and look amazing. This us his second pair, but wonders why skateboard shoes squeek when hr walks.", "Loved the sneakers the fit was great they are very comfortable and would purchase again... would recommend a great price and fit.", "My daughter loved these shoes, she has room to grow which is what I wanted because these will be for this upcoming winter.", "Im never sure my Grandkids will like my picks,however my Grandson luv these shoes. The color is muted and can go with any outfit. Who knew Grandma could pick a good pair of shoes. My son in law luvs these shoes so Im getting him a pair for birthday", "After reading other reviews I purchased a pair half a size larger than usual and the boots are very comfortable. I am very happy with them, they provide good support and a nice fit.", "First off, I wear 8.5 in sneakers.. I always get boots in 8 because they tend to run larger. These were no different, though, more snug than usual.  Still a perfect fit.  They are very uncomfortable at first wear (only wore it once, yesterday).  The bottom soles are very soft and comfortable.  When I actually went outside and started walking, the pain came in.  The pain is from the top inside of the shoe(where the tongue lays).  The inner materials are really hard and hurts.  Maybe I should have worn thicker socks, but there are my first pair of nike ACG boots that are really painful inside.  I hope it gets softer with wear.", "Great colors, the blue and red combinations its unique, i like the way the mixed,very confortable, I love it.", "No where as good as 2013 model. Not sure if its real. Fits OK but does not have the comfort and cushioning of 2013 model. Is it a real NIKE?", "Shoe are a little tight but very comfortable to walk on.  I will see how well they are used and last.", "Great shoes and they're the Nike + so you can put the Apple interface in the bottom of the shoe for keeping track of your walking, jogging, etc.  Interfaces with iPhones for $20.00 sensor that fits in sole.  Fit great and comfortable.", "Watch out the problem is not the size but the height of the inside toe or tip maybe for a lady they are ok but i don't think any lady would wear size US 13 Don't buy on line, go to a store and try them. All other characteristics are great nice design and ultralight weight it is a pity  the designers use other brand of tennis.", "I bought for my grandson's birthday. He loved them, said they were really comfortable and looked great on his feet.", "these shoes were awesome! loved them! at first glance was not sure, but once on my feet, loved them !", "By looking at  it we thought it was too big , but when it was put on , it fit very good and it is very comfortable", "good~ ! !Nike Men's Air Max 2014 Night Factor/Blk/Atmc Orng/Vlt Running Shoe 9.5 Men...Nikefit as expected. very good.", "I have had 4 pairs of air max since 2012 and I bought my 5th pair based on the comfort I was given. This pair I can't wear for more than a few hours as my toes are crammed and rub / bruise my toes. I have put a good 20 hours of use into these with hopes they would stretch out which hasn't happened. My last pair of shoes were asics. The asics are lighter, and honestly more comfortable. A noticeable amount more cushion in the sole of the shoe and a springy ness factor. I will probably buy another pair of air max's down the road only to wear when going out based on the &#34;wow&#34; factor. I will never buy another pair for an every day / running shoe as for the $$, asics and new balances hands down have shown me they out perform the nike 10 fold.  Very disappointed with the performance. I might as well have ran out of gas in my car, with a flat tire and stranded in a snow storm with a dead cell phone and 20 miles from the nearest person for help.", "These shoes look nice but are very hard along the sides and top.  I thought they would loosen up as I wore them, but they have not.  I should have returned them in exchange for a softer pair of shoes.", "This is the comfort I was looking for!!! The shoe fits perfectly and provides the comfort that only an Air Max can.", "I liked very much, but those are a bit small or maybe my feet is to big, anyway those are great", "Nice fit for me and they felt great on my first run!", "Luv these shoes, dese are super sporty...I own like 12 pair of tennis shoes, these are the best by far", "I bought these on Sunday looking for a replacement for my everyday shoes. I have a defect in my feet that has caused me to suffer from a lot of pain in the ankles and in the knees, so I have to wear comfortable shoes all the time(it's nothing serious, I play basketball and soccer on a regular basis).I've only worn them since yesterday and I'm already really impressed by the comfort and pain relief that I'm experiencing. Just trying them on feels great and I could feel a huge difference walking with these shoes. I really recommend them for people suffering from knee problems. I'm very satisfied overall.", "fast shipping nice shoes my new NIKE Air Max 2014 Men's Running Shoe, Purple, US9.5Nike, thanks i'm happy thanks again", "Got these at Champs because they were a little cheaper than Amazon plus they have my size 13 and the dark grey/orange color. Man these fit awesome and it feels like you're walking on a trampoline. I would say the quality is well worth the $190.00 that I shelled out. If you can, buy these-oh and thank me later! :)", "I love the shoes I love the color but I guess the 2014 style is a little bit bigger than the 2013 because the 10.5 I ordered are the size of W.W. I I  battleships. I need to send them back now and hope to get.a size 10 c'mpn amazon and shoe zoo I hope you will exchange them for the correct size.", "Great comfortable shoes!!!", "Looks and fits great", "Shoes fit as expected and they are very comfortable. The Nike Air Max series is very well supported and the shoe is light.", "Popped sole after about10 minutes. This was walking on the grass...may want to wear these only in your sleep. 160$ should last longer than 10 minutes, but returned the shoes no questions asked. You will never get that type of customer service ANYWHERE. Look great...Just don't wear them...", "Love them they look great they are extremely comfortable. They are expensive but I think they are worth it. Recommended", "I've run in the Nike Air Max for years.  I've tried almost every brand out there, but these work for me.  Super comfortable right out of the box.  The price is certainly on the high-end, but you're not gonna run much if your shoes don't work for you.  As with any Nike product, go up at least 1/2 size.", "Custom nike air max 14's with a style you will not find anywhere else.  I get compliments all the time and asked where I found these puppies!", "The product was close what I expected and shipping was prompt.  The shoe was a little heavier than I had thought it would be, but it still has been good to run in and I would recommend it to others.", "They are overpriced, for sure, but I hae been hooked on the Air Max since 2011 and will continue to buy them every year until somethig else proves better...", "i love it !!!!", "i bougth Nike Men's Air Max 2014 about two month ago and it is breaking. so i can understand beacuse i dont use very often,  and i see you are crashing on the side  of the shoes,  I think it is a defect of the shoes.", "These Nike Air Max shoes are by far and away the most comfortable pair I own.A few years back, I broke the arch of my foot in a freak accident.  Ever since I have had a painful time in any pair of shoes.  These shoes have literally made a painful walk into a painless experience.Not only are they top quality, but they look awesome and the different color schemes available are all great.", "Nike Air Max fan from way back in my marathon days. Always the best in comfort and fit as well as durability. Really love the style and weight of the shoe. Rarely go wrong with the Air Max.", "I started to GPS myself with a nike+ gps watch because I noticed the heels of my Nike AirMax shoes kept deflating/breaking after just a month or two of use.  After just now having my third pair THIS YEAR fail on me I must warm you that the heels in these shoes cannot handle the pounding!  Don't believe me? Here's pictures I tweeted the last two times they failed:[...] - shoe failed after 117miles, confirmed by the Nike GPS watchand before that:[...]Shoe actually at the 202 mile mark (also nike GPSed), not 288 as noted in the overly-generous tweetDO NOT BUY THIS MODEL!  THE SHOES FAIL CONSISTENTLY before the treads start to wear down!", "Shoes were stated as &#34;New&#34; they were NOT new....upsetting to say the least. Dirty and slightly used. Should get done type of discount", "So I got them, they fit comfortable, but nothing more different than my cheaper fitting sneakers. These are the most I have ever paid for a pair of sneakers, and I really don't see or feel the hype. Cool colors, but really cheaply made. Scared to get them wet because I see them falling apart.", "Im disappointed the 11 size wasnt like the 11 in the airmax 2013 :(i always wear 11 in nike now im affraid from the online shopping again", "Too expensive.  Not worth it.  Heavy, bulky, and uncomfortable.  They don't fit.  Air poackets are a gimmik.  Should have spent half the money.", "Tried them on and they were so so big. And I also was dissappointed in the colors they looked more like a man's tennis shoe.", "beautiful and comfortable shoes", "It's amazing to me that people still buy this brand. In the past few years, quality has disintegrated. They don't even bother to sew on the logos or designs any longer, they are simply painted onto the fabric. I'd be surprised if it cost Nike more than $5 to manufacture this.", "Perfect shoe....I love them.  Fast shipping.  Great price.  I plan on getting more in different colors.  Very comfortable shoe to own.", "They are a bit heavier than I anticipated. But, overall very comfortable. I have received many compliments on how nice they look.", "The color is better then picture. and the feel is super. I have always used Air Maxs for the gym but this one is superior", "As always Nike delivers. Love these shoes. Very light & Ultra comfortable. I Picked a Pure White so it tends to get a bit dirty.", "Ive had alot of nice pairs of shoes in my time, and I can say that these are the best pair ive ever had. They look amazing.. They fit perfect.. and they are sooooo comfortable.... Amazing pair of shoes", "Purchased these for my husband for Father's Day. He loved them! A bit pricey, but it was worth seeing him smile.", "Nice brand nice design. Light weight shoes good for cross training and lite outdoor sports. Also good with casual get-up. 5-stars for you dude!", "husband absolutely loved them very comfortable", "My Husband loves them they fit him perfectly buys them every year a new style comes out very comfortable and stylish", "I ordered the q0.5 and the 11 - because depending on the shoe I wear either size.  For the width, I had to go with the 11 - which fit perfect and I sent the 10.5 back and was promptly refunded.I walk 3 miles every morning and my left heal stays sore most of the time.  I have never owned any Air Max, but so far it has helped my heal tremendously.  This will not be my last pair.", "Fit fine but didn't get what I was supposed to", "Amazing fit .. for looks & comfort this shoes is in a class of its own .. very expensive but worth it", "This is a great looking shoe but the arch was too high for my foot and made it hurt after one hour of wear. I have Nike Tailwinds and they fit great.", "It's perpect fit as expected. I liked very much, those are fit my feet. and it is very comfortable for jogging.", "Shoe is nice. They look real good and have a great feel.  The shoe is however a bitLarger than expected.", "These shoes look aggressive & they fit great! They're extremely comfortable too. As always, Nike is the best in this business!", "I use these shoes for walking. I am a sixty-two year old woman who walks 5-7 miles daily, sometimes a little more and occasionally a little less (if my feet are aching). I tend to get a few more aches and pains than when I was younger and sometimes I get aches and pains in my feet, probably because I walk so much. I have had a few broken bones in my feet and wrists, but no really severe broken bones, so I am not sure if that is a contributing factor, or just that I am getting older and walk so much. Some mornings I do wake up with stiffness in my hands, so I may have some minor arthritis due to having had broken bones in the past. I had been wearing the Merrell Moab shoes, which worked well for a while, though they were heavy. Then, I got a knot on the bottom of my foot in the arch area and also a pain on the top of my foot down the left side. I decided to go back to a lighter pair of shoes. In the past I had worn some very lightweight Merrell running shoes which were very comfortable, but I did tend to get a callous area on the outer edge of one of my feet  on the side where my little toe is. I went to Dick's and saw the Nike Flyknit 4.0 shoes and tried them on and instantly loved them. The knit material on the top of the shoe hugs and conforms to your foot giving support but is not at all constrictive. Nowhere does the shoe rub against the skin so it is a shoe that is not blister causing. The bottom of the shoe is very flexible and bends with your foot but also has very good arch support, or does for my foot anyway. I bought the pair at Dick's and paid $20.00 more for them than these shoes cost. They relieved my foot pain instantly when I started wearing them. After walking about 20 miles in the pair I got from Dick's Sporting Goods, I ordered these from Amazon.com and saved myself $20.00. I figured it would be good to have two pairs. They are so lightweight. It is amazing how much more energy that I have since switching back to a light-weight pair of shoes. I think my foot really benefits from the more flexible sole and my balance also feels better with the lower heel of the shoe. I find that as I am getting older my balance is not as good as my younger years and a lower heeled shoe makes me feel more stable with a better center of balance. So far, these shoes are working great for me. Hope they continue to work well. Will need to look for a warmer version for winter wear though, because the knit material I do not think will be warm enough for winter wear.", "I think my size is 5, so it is possible to change it? Do you have a size 5?", "Shoes were too big - you need to go half a size smaller in these. Bummed that I have to pay sjipping to return them and the don't do exchanges. They don't even have my size so it's not even like I can re-order them... :(", "Best Nike shoe I've ever had!!!", "After searching for a running shoe that was a perfect match for me I definitely found it. I'm in love with these running shoes. I've only had them 3 days and I can stop looking at them and wearing them. At first I thought they were too small but now I know that's how they are supposed to fit..snug and tight since the material is some sort of stretch knit. It pretty much molds to your foot like a durable sock. They are super comfortable and look really good. I'm thinking of getting another pair in another color. These shoes make me want to work out more.", "I love these shoes! Knowing that Nike shoes run small, I ordered a size 9 even though I normally wear size 8. They're SO comfortable and perfect for running and working out. I'm so pleased with my purchase!", "I really like the shoes its really comfortable. I also love the color, I highly recommend it!  Love love it!", "All I know is my daughter loves the shoe so I do not have any complaints.  I just got a big hug and a huge smile.", "My daughter was happy with this nice snickers. The delivery date was a time and everythings was ok. Beatiful and confortable shoes.", "I really love these shoes. The are so comfortable and very cute with skinny jeans & capris . They're real Nike and not a knock off. The only problem I have is that they are furry. I thought it would be just a print but it's actually like a fur print. This is going to make them hard to clean if I get something on them. I still love them though and get tons of &#34; OMG I love your Nikes!!!&#34;", "These shoes were everything I expected, plus much more. Comfortable and stylish. Highly recommend if in the market for a running shoe.", "I have flat feet. These are by far one of the best shoes for running, walking, and weight lifting I have found.", "Excellent running shoes that look great. Running around my neighbor, I always see people in cars staring at them. Extremely comfortable too. Keeps your foot placement in check", "I expected a simple minimalist shoe for a backup to my backpacking boots. They turned into my go to daily wear. I bought them from sole unlimited, and they had supreme customer service.", "It's good but I've expected be better than I received. But I will buy nike in the future. Risk every thing", "I assure you these are the best Nikes made since the Nike free 3.0 v2, but much improved upon. The upper is awesome it's like a compression sock tight where it needs to be. The toebox is nice and wide for toe spread and not tight so they breath well. The outsole is very flexible and cusioned. The grooves in the sole are not very big so rocks don't get stuck in them to the same degree as the 3.0 v2s. Overall these are hands down the best Nike made in about 3 years.", "These shoes are perfect for the casual runner, that is, one who averages 3 or so miles at a nice jog and isn't overly concerned with pacing and distance.  The gym is a good place, as is cross fit.After my brief love affair with the original Free Flyknit in Rainbow Vomit color scheme, I decided to give the newer, lighter iteration a go.  I used the Free Flyknit 5.0 for a good 6 months, averaging about 4 miles with maximums of 6, at a good pace too (~ 6:45/mile); then I realized that anything further and the shoes began to hold me back, like I was running through mud.I gave these a shot, though, as I wanted a new distance shoe and figured maybe it was just the weirdness of the inaugural shoe.  It wasn't, for me at least.  The same issue persists, even with a revamped sole and upper.  And I think the former is the problem.  i've never felt truly &#34;fast&#34; in any of the frees; maybe the very first ones back in 2003, but I was in the Army then and running a lot against my will.The sole is not a single mass; it's several pods or hexagons that are fused to the insole and allow the shoe to flex with nearly every subtle movement of the foot.  Nike WANTS this to translate to a more natural feel, and yet I think it over exaggerates it.  Whereas some shoes of the same minimalist vain succeed in this area by keeping the sole one whole piece, Nike went a bit too far.  II think what's happening is the sole is allowing impact energy to spread across each individual pod, and when there's more surface area I feel like the shoe begins to work against the runner.  Basically, the pods are too independent and cushy to allow for an optimal strike and return - anything more than 3 miles and I start to feel like I'm running through mud.  This could be such a good shoe if the sole were more, substantial: maybe a bit thinner but stiffer.  The upper is fantastic though.  So, I don't recommend this shoe for anyone who wants to work on speed or distance.  It's good for wearing to the mall though!", "They wanted to charge me to ship the shoes back ,had to email them and tell them why should I have to pay for shipping ,when in the  &#34;About this item&#34;said nothing about they run really small,so be aware they run small a 8.5 is really like a 7 size shoe,but they are making it right now ,after I had to email them about it.hope I can get my money back quick .........", "I bought shoes for my child she loved them.  They came when they said they would so its all good in Chicago.", "If you have wide feet these are not the shoes for you.  These KD Nikes run really narrow and are not really true to size.  The only reason I didn't send them back is because it would take too long.  I do wear from time to time but they are really snug. My advice order a half size bigger. I would not purchase another pair. They are not worth the price.", "I will NOT order these expensive shoes for a 6 yr old EVER again", "I wanted a different size shoe I wanted a 8 in girls or 5.5 in Boys I was wondering how to return things", "I got up early out my comfy bed to get these shoes.  I never had a pair before but when I saw these I fell in love && I had to have them! Well anyways I went to the mall && didn't get them then I ordered them online && I got them in a timely manner they fit perfect I LOVEEEEE THEM", "I love these shoes how ever UPS need to get stuff right or hire better and smarter drivers other then that everything is SWEEEEEEET", "The shoes are great but did not come with the sport sensor kit as advertised which is a huge disappointment.", "Love everything about the shoe! Gets alot of compliments whenever I wear them! I am looking for more colors of this shoe.", "LOVE LOVE LOVE the shoes !!! they are going to be traveling everywhere with me !!! let the compliments begin,lol :)", "This pair of shoes is very good, that is relatively easy to dirty, cleaning too often, but he was very nice.", "Model, size and comfort was great the only thing that leaves me unsatisfied and thats the reason i did not give 5 stars is the orange colors as look in the picture is not the same its a little more red.", "black with gum sole is good classic skate shoe look (axion kck, if you don't know about the kck you are probably are too young, best skate shoe ever made).  this shoe is definitely the new kck for me.", "I tested its before buy. The producto is ok, The problem was the weight, it was more i supposed and it was more expensive for me because y bought and send to Uruguay.", "The shoes fit perfectly which was surprising. i definitely will consider you on my next purchase. Thanks for the product.", "I bought these to see how they would match up with the Air Pegasus.  Pegasus had such terrible color options this time around.  They fit true to size.  Weight is the comparable to the Pegasus.  Now for the True Test, how they stand up to the summer mileage program.", "These are great shoes. The shoes fit well and are very comfortable. I am very pleased with the purchase .", "Had purchased an original pair back in the late 80's and loved them, and they lasted a pretty long time!! For years I've searched and typed many searches for these bad boys, the originals, Charles Barkley's jumpers!! Fit like a glove and have given me the legs of a 20 year old...not quite, but do look good and always receive a compliment!!", "first time it came out those days when Sir Charles &#34;round mound of rebound&#34; used to dominate and disfigure rookies jaws in the NBA back those days. These are the wheels he had on, but not the color but similar FORCE 180 series. There are many other color variations that suites you. It feels good on the feet, you feel that your feet is stable on the ground. When you jump the cushion is perfect.", "My Nike Air Force 180 Basketball Shoes are awesome! They fit great! I'm very happy! 5 out of 5 stars!", "Super Comfy! Run small though so order a half size up. Build quality seems to be of good quality. Cheers!", "Been playing soccer for 20 years and these are the best pair I've ever got. Materials fit perfectly to your foot form, and these are very light. Ball control is good. Great pair in general!", "I picked the rating  based on my son's level of excitement when we received the soccer booth. He says that it the type he saw on mercy. He gone for a soccer camp/competition today with the soccer booth.", "I feared that the durability wouldn't be great because of the looks, but the cleats performed great. I'm really happy with these and looking foward to buying more.", "Arrived when said they would, and fit great...  just in time for next weekend games...  well packaged, will order again", "These are the cleats that my son really wanted but they started to lift and separate at the toe part after only 2 practices and 2 games... Very disappointed! Not a good cleat.", "excwlent", "Being a soccer freak this cleats work great for me. The dribble feels amazing, great grip for shooting curves, the traction on the bottom gives a lot of control and they look beautiful. Needleless to say I loved them", "My son (9y) tried all the other nike soccer shoes price range $25~$50 at SportAuthority. (Only nike as nike sponsor his team.) anyway, this is the only shoes that he did not complain about width. he has slightly wider feet. He loves the extra softness around toe as well. it seems this shoes is wider than other and well padded.", "I'm used to wearing men's soccer shoes given how limited the supply for women's shoes is. However, these 7.5 size shoes were narrow and didn't have much give. I opted to keep the black leather version of this shoe, as it stretched and was more pliable. If you have normal to narrow feet, and are a true 7.5/women's 9, then these would probably work for you.", "After going through an expensive pair of Asics in 3 months, a coworker suggested Nike Air Max. I checked the reviews for this item before making my decision. I am very happy with my choice. I always use gel insoles in every shoe I wear and with these Nike Air Max it feels like I'm walking on clouds.", "I love the sneakers. Great fit and colors. However, I started loosing some color towards the back of the shoe. Looks like the paint is chipping away.", "I have over 12 pairs of sneakers/tennis shoes/trainers - this is my FAVORITE.  It is the most comfortable pair and the most handsome. It is mostly black, gray, and white - with just a touch of RED.  WHAT'S NOT TO LIKE.  I promise you, the clerks in the shoe stores will want to know WHERE THE HECK DID YOU GET THAT?!", "Great", "these cleats sucked so bad that they fell of my foot every time i took a shot. the ball control is terrible and they fell apart in my hands. they are metallic on the outside and are very narrow. DONT GET THESE CLEATS", "Nice cleats but like any other athletic shoe the front runs a little narrow. Overall nice cleat. Has nice ball control", "nice product fit perfect", "wow! just amazing my Nike hypervenom soft and comfortable as always on time by the seller are shoes designed for your low-heeled feet as wing and shot the perfect shot they recommend excellent", "I didn't dislike anything about hypervenom phantom fg low soccer cleats.. true to size, color and is the real product that i expected!  awesome bag comes with as a plus.", "I had bought my first pair of good shoes about two and a half years ago, those being the T90 Lazers. I had absolutely loved the fit and feel when passing, although the shots with the shoes took a little getting used to. Unfortunately, I tore a few of the cleats off the base plates when doing some step overs and had to get another pair. Since nike no longer makes the T90 line, I decided to try out the Hypervenoms and I could not be happier with the shoe.Things to note:* The top of the shoe is very thin, some players complain about this, but I for one am a fan* Since the top is thin, your foot will get under the ball a little more, so adjust for harder shots to avoid skying the ball* These shoes are VERY grippy, be ready for the ball to stick to the shoe a little more on quick touches and skill movesAll in all, great shoe that I would recommend to anyone who's serious about their game!", "fabulous - exactly what I expected.", "Sent the wrong but ended up liking them anyway.  Ordered the black shoe but got gray ones instead.  They fit well though.", "Ordered these for my son. He loves them!", "The duel fusion Nike is very comfortable. I really recommend this one as it has the extra padding in the foot bed andyou can really feel the difference when you are on your feet a lot. It is totally supportive.", "They are comfy and lightweight. Lots of cushion, especially for the heel when jogging. Great for running errands or just plain running!", "Best running shoe I have ever worn.  It's like being on a cloud because there is plenty of cushioning. I liked them so much I bought 2 more pairs.  Sadly, the soles are wearing out and I need to replace them.  I just wish NIKE had not discontinued this shoe.  Now I am searching for a suitable replacement.", "I've been wearing the LunarEclipse for years now - both the 2 and 3 models - and love them. I've got high arches and used to wear arch supports in all my shoes. The LunarEclipse is supportive enough and flexible enough that my arch tightness has cleared up and I no longer need to wear additional supports.  I like the near all black look of the 4, but the cushion and flexibility of the shoe are no where near where the 2 and 3 are.  Sent 'em back and will buy the 3 instead.", "I have a very small arch, so small in fact that it is almost borderline, flat, and hence need shoes with strong arch support.THIS IS IT! The shoe fits somewhat large, so you should look at getting half a size bigger than usual. But other than that it's a very comfortable shoe, so much so that I've actually bought an extra pair for work and another one for the gym.5 Stars for sure.", "This shoes are very good! They're light and really nice for someone like me that works walking all the time, they're really comfortable, anyone that likes running shoes, this is a great choice!", "I am a stage hypnotist who performs a few hundred shows a year. My feet are always hurting because I need to wear cool shoes onstage and as we all know, cool shoes aren't usually comfortable. My bestie (who is on her feet a lot also for her work)  told me about the Nike Dunk Sky HI sneakers and I was excited to try them. The heel is hidden, they make your feet look great and if that doesn't beat all, they are not only cool shoes, but they are actually REALLY comfortable! I just bought my third pair. I went up a half a size and I think it;s good advice", "Love these shoes they are extremely stylish but are definately not true 2 size, they are cut small & are very narrow.", "Disappointed in fit.  Run very small almost to the point of not wanting to wear them.  Major does not weigh much which is good.", "My older son loves this color. He has some socks to match. They fit true to size. Nice shoe color shoe.", "It wasn't for myself but was told it fits like a glove. Love the color. Wish I got one for me..#jelly", "Beautiful. Great shoe! Love the color it is one of the most perfect Nike running shoes ever to exist. For style and function.", "I haven't been able to put many miles on these yet. First impression is a positive one. The fit is good. The sole is firm right out of the box, but has softened slightly after the first run. I'm excited to run in them again.", "Super fast delivery...won't buy any other sneakers but these....just too big ...will buy another pair , just one size down !!!", "i like the colors and the price.Nike  is a brand that im very familiar with With these colors they can be matched several different ways.", "Great shoes, fast delivery", "Kind of on the heavy size but that's minor. This is a good looking sandal. Colors are eye catching. Only time will tell if they hold up. Been two weeks and so far so good", "My Son wears a size 14 and he has trouble finding shoes. He purchased 3 pair of Nike and he likes these the best. They fit and feel great. They also look really nice also.", "THESE MID ONES ARE AWESOME ,,THEY LOOK SO COOL AND FIT WELL ,, I WILL ORDER OTHER COLORS AND SOON", "Fits well, comfortable.  I used them for working out and style, very happy! Highly recommend these, you won't be disappointed", "I bought it for my dad as a present and he didnt have to break them in to walk in them for a very long time. High quality material as expected from Nike, comfortable to wear and matches with almost all clothing style.", "I love lunar glides, the only thing I didn't expect was them not to come in a box, and also the initials T F on the tongues, like they were customs sent back, I just made up names for TF, but other than that, I like color scheme and they fit as I expect. Timely delivery too, and yes they are new as far as I can tell.", "Very cool shoes and the color is fantastic. My son has the red and purple and he likes these better.", "I purchased these shoes because they had a good rating on Tennis Warehouse.  They fit and feel great, but they do not provide the required stability.  I wore them in a tennis match and turned my ankle.  I am very lucky I didn't end up with a severe injury.  I am afraid to wear them now.  I don't usually have any ankle problems so I do blame the shoe.Of course, the seller won't allow them to be returned as they don't consider this a defect and since I wore them once I am out of luck. I wasn't surpised by that.  I'll just keep them for casual wear.  This is a lot of money to spend for a shoe I can't use for tennis.DO NOT BUY this shoe.", "I DONT THINK THESE A REAL NIKES THEY ARE KNOCK OFFSI WANT MY MONEY BACK", "I usually don't wear running shoes but needed some new ones. These shoes are very comfortable. They're even great for wide feet. I wouldn't suggest wearing thick socks. I definitely recommend these shoes for walking and running.", "I have purchased 15-20 pairs of Pegasus 29's and I have never seen this style of that model.  Look really different from what I have been buying.", "I bought this as a gift & he loved it..it fits perfectly & he said it felt comfortable.was a good buy..", "Great Fit. Light. With enough stability for tennis , and yet light and comfortable for running and cross fitting.great value for my money.", "I have tried many other top brand tennis shoes. Nike Air Vapors are the best! They are the only shoes that seem to negate the infamous break-in period. I only wish that I could have found another color. I like darker colors because I also wear them at work as well as playing tennis with them because they are so comfortable. These almost fluorescent hued red shoes attract dirt and comments at work and from my tennis partners that go something like this... &#34;Wow, I could see you coming a mile away.&#34; Don't get me wrong, I like to distract my tennis partners... My game needs all the help it can get, but co-worker jabs are a different story! Lol! Well, Mr. Federer, hopefully the decision on fashion and color with Nike execs you made probably last year for next years tour color will be toned down a bit. All that being said, not even the &#34;Rave Party&#34; neon theme could keep a 50 something tennis hack from ignoring the great quality of this shoe. By the way... If there good enough for arguably the greatest tennis player to ever play the game, then there good enough for someone with a zillionth of a fraction of Rogers talent! Lol!", "THIS TENNIS SHOES IS THE BEST THAT FIT WELL. VERY NICE PRODUCT, COMFORTABLE AND PRACTICAL. EXCELLENT.I REALLY LOVED THIS SHOES.", "Lovvvvveeee them! They are authentic and the quality is just as I remember it years ago.", "very goood shose if you wear it u will like it", "Great touch and speed and my daughter loves the cool colors.  Upper covering is a significant improvement over the Mercurial VIII silky texture for better control.", "Good Item", "It feel kind of tight It seems more as a women size shoes  but stretchout after a while over the use", "Greetings ... I wonder if the colors are exactly as in the photo or just blank,Thanks and I hope your prompt response", "First let me start by saying I love this shoe, it was a wonderful fit, and not only that, my shoes arrive two days before it should, which was fantastic, I would be using this server again.", "Excellent comfortable and ask him again .. It's a practical and wonderfulIt's beautiful and gorgeous color..  nice very nice", "However, one negative, the blue tip at the bottom of the toe of the shoe started to come off in the first day or wearing them. But it hasn't fallen off yet!", "Light weight and comfortable.  Great running/walking shoe.  This shoe was always out of stock at Kohl's, Sports Authority, etc.  Got it right away on Amazon.", "I'm on my fourth pair of these shoes since 2012. They are the best trainers on the market, in my opinion. No gimmicks, no nonsense, just a great fit and a high-quality shoe. The insole molds to your foot after a few runs, guaranteeing the most comfortable fit possible. They are light and cool, and yet still hold up to high mileage running. I have nothing bad to say about these shoes.Amazon shipped promptly and had these shoes at the lowest price I could find. My whole experience was great. Thanks!", "My husband usually wears a 10.5 but we bought these in a 10 and they fit perfect. He said they are very cozy.", "now with the world cup craziness, he does not want to take them offgreat job amazon", "I am pretty happy with these shoes. They look great, are lightweight and most importantly are comfortable to play in.", "I like these for my 3yr old & he loves them too....they made a great 3rd birthday gift for him.", "These are the best fitting sneakers I ever bought. I was very happy with my nike sneakers. it is a must buy and very comfortable.", "awesome. wanted the cheaper leather ones but couldn't find them. I guess it's not a bad thing to have the pricer suede ones.", "Really nice sneakers,  Air Force 1s always run a little big, if your a size 10 you will be comfortable in 9.5s", "First of all make sure you order 1/2 size smaller than what you normally wear in Nike.  With that out of my system this is the best tennis shoe I have ever worn and as a competitive tennis player, tennis coach, and tennis equipment expert, I have wore a lot of tennis shoes.  If you like medium to narrow shoes similar to previous courtnallistec versions, breathe cage, some versions of vapor, barricade 7 or even the adizero feather, you will love the fit of this shoe.  The shoe is easy to get in to without having to undue the laces yet it stills feels secure.  For tennis just tighten the laces slightly and the shoe will feel like it's custom for your feet.  And yes it's also the best looking tennis shoe ever.", "Finally Have the Nike Air Max 90  GS 2007.I have been looking off and on for these and saw them at different prices to compare. I  saw them at a store unexpected and jumped on it and was happy that they had them in a size 6! I tried them on and my feet slipped right into them. But they seem a bit large but not extremely.They are comfortable and I have room in the toe area, the 'toe box&#34;, which is very important so there will not be any toe crunch. A very comfortable to walk in and run. I walk a lot and I need comfort. The sneakers are very stylish and nice color scheme with the  dark blue, white ,light blue and pink. I paid much less than the price I saw on Amazon that a seller was selling them for.", "bought these for my boyfriend they got hear good fast and they are perfect really recomend these if you need some", "These shoes fit perfect. This is my second pair. I hope they continue to make them because if I knew they were going to discontent hem I would buy another pair too", "I love it the look, reminds me of the old days. These shoes are so comfortable and looks so hip.", "Love this shoe and the color", "These shoes are really sharpe looking and they give you 2 sets of shoe laces.  They give you the white & blue ones thats on the pic and then they give you a solid blue pair.  They are also good shoes to play basketball in.", "I love these shoes, I'm a weekend warrior when it comes to basketball and these shoes are great they have cushion and support in all the right places, and as I get older I really appreciate it.", "the smaller sizes of the shoe are extremely narrow. could not even get the foot into the cloth boot and the shoe was actually a 1/2 size larger than the foot size.  but seemed a bit heavy too.", "I would recommend this cleat to other lacrosse players as they are comfortable and have a good traction while cutting and running on the field. I liked that they were lightwieght and came in many different colors to match your style. So not only did the feel good they made you look good too. They allow me the flexibility I need to move quickly while still providing good support. I have worn Hauraches for the last 3 years previously I wore under armour which I did not like.", "Incredible! is very confortable shoes. The most lightly and beautiful shoe in the world.i love it. thank you very much", "...for kids!  This is nothing more than a fashion shoe.  Unfortunately, my son has several pair of these shoes (courtesy of his father) and I just think it's an overall poor shoe, especially for kids.  Assuming it's made of leather, it's got to be the cheapest of cheap.  The tongue of the shoe rubs against my son's foot, so there can be no real playing around (definitely no basketball play) in these shoes, which defeats the purpose!  There's no inner support/cushion, for the sole of the foot.  And the shoe strings are short (don't kids still double knot shoes?).  I have noticed darkening/irritation on my son's feet, from these shoes.  I absolutely HATE these shoes, for my son & I have just told his father not to buy our child another pair of these shoes!!!  I cannot recommend these shoes.", "Just got these in and they look just as good as they do in the picture! Got them for my boyfriend for his birthday and he loves them. He won't be wearing them til the snow melts though! Good buy.", "It was a gift and he loves the color and how it fits it looks better than the picture thanks", "WOW, you must want a truly VIBRANT attention getting pair of sneakers , well these are it.Great sneaker , the color is exceptionally brilliant , well worth the price.I know they will be what I go for  when I have a Clambakes,outdoor party's , travel.There a great sneaker so far", "Great shoe. Great price.", "I thought the nines would be big enough because I wear a none in women's but they are a little small but I love them anyways", "The inner sole is a bit slippery. They are a nice silvery color. They are comfy and won't turn my feet black but I will need to get used to walking with the slippery surface against the soles of my feet.", "HAVE THESE IN EVERY COLOR AND CAN'T HIGHLY RECOMMEND THEM ENOUGH.  THEY FIT AS EXPECTED, SO COMFORTABLE ESPECIALLY BETWEEN TOES AND THE FOOT PADDING IS EXTREMELY COMFORTABLE.  I WEAR THEM ALL DAY.  THEY ARE MY FAVORITE THONG SANDALS EVER.  I WISH THEY MADE MORE COLORS.", "I have 4 pairs of these shoes in different colors. They are THE most comfortable shoe I have ever owned. I wore them to Epcot and had them on the entire day. My pedometer said I'd walked almost 11 miles. My feet never hurt. I was comfortable the entire day. If you have ever spent a day at Disney on your feet you know how amazing that is. The padding made all the difference. I highly recommend these shoes for style and comfort. I get lots of compliments on the different colors.", "Great fit.  Like most running shoes, size up 1/2 size.  Support is amazing. Love wearing them just walking around town.", "I AM Addicted!!The best way for me to feel like I am wearing a heel since my foot accident!Cute, Comfortable, Stylist, Flirty an Oh so fashionable!!", "I love this shoe, I normally wear a 8 1/2, but I order 9 and it was a perfect fit.", "Love the look of these shoes! Received a lot of compliments, but the are a bit narrower than I had expected. Kind of feels like you're walking in heels.", "Fit perfect thank you", "choose good", "Good color to wear in the spring is the point.Heel height is suitableIn addition, I want to buy", "I bought my sister as a gift.really beautiful, cute!but...Prices went down $20 in two weeks to order.Just wait If you want to buy the shoes.Who knows?2 weeks later the price will go down again.", "I love them. .they are very comfortable and girly.I love Nike dunk's ..I like they added a wedge to make them more feminine. I will be buying more...Thank you.", "Super cute.... everyone love them. Whatever size you wear order a half size up. Looks great with jeans and leggings.", "i received it on time and i loved them the first time that i purchased them. my daughter loves them and even my best friend says that they are hot!!!! i love them.", "Somewhat narrow but i'll wear it anywhere,perfect for narrow feet individuals.", "They look great. They fit a little snug cause I have wide feet and no arch. But they eventually molded to my feet and I love them.", "I love this shoe BUT I want slightly different color pattern.designing the airmax 90 on Nike ID was out of my budget and I got these for $111 bucks. After two months of wearing these , they are getting trashed. I try hard to take care of them and wash them in the sink with a sponge every couple days. I had some chinese knock offs that squeaked with every step I would take and I hated it. I now have a squeaky noise with my 2 month old pair that are the real thing from amazon.it started suddenly a week or two ago as I was walking fast down the street.every step is annoying.", "Was looking this color for long time, but no bidy has my size I finally found it, without spending time at stores.", "I am giving these a try again because my grandson who is 14 loves them, but I have to tell last year we bought a pair and the split at the seam. I am praying this does not happen again because these soccer cleats are not cheap!!", "I gave up on Nike running shoes years ago because they no longer fit my pretty average-sized female feet. It actually hurt to run in them. After a long hiatus, I tried these Nikes when a friend recommended them. They're outstanding! Very lightweight and snug, but not tight. Very minimalist, meaning not a lot of cushioning between my foot and the ground. I always thought more cushioning was better, but since I started using these, I no longer have knee pain after runs. My only complaint is that they seem to be discontinued! The newer versions of this shoe just don't fit me -- they're extremely tight to the point of discomfort. So I bought up a few extra pairs of the 4.0 V3 to keep me going for a while and I'll cross my fingers for the more distant future. But for now, I'm loving these shoes.", "Beautiful shoe...reminds me of the Tiffany shoe Nike put out before.  Colour as displayed. Very comfortable and versatile.  Material (mesh) seems thin, but it is a well constructed shoe, so it moves well with the foot.  Highly recommended!", "This is a very comfortable and light shoe. Great running shoe. The color is beautiful and unique, just like the photo. Highly recommended!", "THey feel great and almost like you are not wearing anything! Very happy with them and recommend them, especially if you are a runner you feel like you are not dragging.", "Comfy. Work out 5-6 days a week doing various activities, spin, run, etc.. These shoes are a delight to my feet", "me myself I enjoy a good pair of Nike SB, but just need to say  its quality is more of a canvas material with The Rainbow Connection stitching. Everyone has there own style I will have to say it would even be hard to match with any outfit. so unless you're into getting into citrus color i wouldnt recomened nice on price wise but that it.", "Absolutely perfect fit, color, quality and style. I love these. These were exactly what I wanted and came in 2 days. Delivery was super fast!!", "Love them. Just have more of a blue hint (versus silver) to them then i originally thought but I'll still make them work!", "As a mother who loves her shoes. I did not like the material the shoes were made out of. However, my sons loves the shoes and that is what matters.", "My Daughter got these for getting good grades...You should have seen the smile on her face when they got here a day early...Thanks Cali Shoes.", "My 12 year old loves them. I wish they were not as pricey, since he will tear up any shoe up quickly. They fit well and last longer than most others we have tried.", "Great shoes!  Good quality and normal fit!", "Love them", "I like the shoes. Ive been knowing for awhile that I have to get 13's in Nike even though I'm a 12 with all other brands. The good thing is when they have sales, the 13's usually go on sale but 12's are always full price.", "This shoe is great. It provides excellent support. The cushioning is not the best. But I knew this from reviews I saw before buying it but it's actually better than I expected.", "Great shoes. Didn't need much breaking in and work as well on the streets as they do on the court.", "The shoe was everything I expected from a Nike shoe. The fit was perfect and the color was true to its picture!", "This shoe fits very tight in the toe area! I have had them stretched out so I can wear them comfortably.", "how do i rate this? 2-1/2 star. the item is good but, the but it will take time do I receive. I compare the other shoes i order same time same date, the other one is within a week i receive. that's why 2-1/2", "These shoes look good, fit well, and seem to be well-constructed.  A bonus is that they come with 2 sets of matching laces:  durable leather thongs that are pretty stiff (when new...they should become more flexible with use...I HOPE!), and round nylon ones.", "I brought these for my son and he is very happy with the fit and style. Also the extra laces was good as he swapped then over.Thanks", "wow great color mix", "These are my all time fav Nikes and now I can't find them. Hugely disappointed how Nike does this- find a shoe which is perfect and then they are no longer available, annoying! Super comfortable since I have wider than medium foot so this style works beautifully. I did have to go w/ half size larger  (ordered 2 pair!!).", "I ordered this shoe because it looked like a good training racing spike (I actually race in the Zoom Ja Fly's, which I highly recommend) however, when it came in the mail I could hardly even fit my foot into it because it runs so small. I'm not exactly sure why, I wear a size 11 in every shoe I have (even the Ja Fly) and it was just obscenely small. I would recommend getting a size larger than what you are because these shoes are extremely small.", "I put them on and they fit perfect.  These are the shoes I was waiting for and the ones I expected.  I intend to wear these shoes regularly.", "I have a couple pairs of the 2012 model of this shoe, which I am completely in love with. So I ordered these in the same size. They are a little longer in size and have a &#34;sock&#34; in them that makes the fit just different enough to be noticeable. I'm a nurse and spend hours on my feet, but my feet and back don't feel those twelve-hour shifts when I've worn these shoes. I enjoy them...just a little warning for anyone who orders them for the same reason I did--you could maybe try half a size smaller than your 2012 pair.", "They fit well and feel nice out of fashion but i had no option i got a pair of Aiir Max 2014 were wrong manufactured or designed this is what happen when you go to China  maybe they are all right for Chinese feet  so be it make a recall and sell them all in china", "This was awesome!! It's just what I expected. Delivery was on time and the product itself was awesome! Thank you!", "I love this cleats and my son is extremely happy with them, hope in a couple of months they still look ok.Another great product from nike.", "The picture does not do these shoes justice. Very nice and quick shipping. More badass then I expected. There Jordans, what else do you expect lol.", "Was not as cute in person.", "I like the shoes because it's really easy to match with my clothes and I like the design and the colors.", "Shoe fits good but needs better, longer shoelaces. Def. buy your own laces.", "I normally wear size 12 US sneakers, and these Huarache Keystones fit almost perfectly in US 12. It is a bit roomier around the toes and the heel, but if I went to a 11.5 US size, it would be too tight. The soles feel a little stiffer than I expected, and the lugs are not replaceable. I bought these mainly for recreational slowpitch softball and kickball.Overall: 4/5 stars, could be a tad more flexible and breathable but is otherwise an excellent pair of cleats especially at this price point.", "These shoes are very nice but they come a little larger than what the size is. I have other shoes that are the same size and that's why I ordered theat size but these shoes were larger. Made a little to big.", "I'm walking on air, no only do they look good but they are very functional while I try and get back into shape!", "ware them each day", "14 year old Grandson was very pleased with the shoes and they fit well with a little room for his growth.  He uses them only for his highschool basketball.", "Shoe looks like it had been worn once or twice. A few skid marks on random parts of the shoes. They aren't horrible but they don't look brand new. Disappointed for sure. Will be returning.", "My daughter loves them. Personally, I don't like them, but I am not the one wearing them. This might be La Mode for teen girls at her school or something like that because I certainly would have picked something more girly. Oh, Well ! If she is happy then I am happy.", "I was mad that I couldn't wear that sneakers, I like them but the size was way to big.. I'm a size 7 and the shoes are also 7 but they very long and big.. I had to sell them to my sister..", "I got these for my daughter, perfect fit. True to size.  They look better in person , than in the picture .  Its a great buy in my opinion. Very cute and fashionable!!!", "Horrible shoe.It's too narrow on the toes.Waste of moneyimpossible to useStay away from this shoe, unless your feet is narrow", "I bought these shoes mostly for indoor running (which is what I would definitely recommend them for).Some downsides - they fit a little small for an 8.5 and have the tendancy to pull my socks down.Upsides - very light, comfortable, nice coloring", "I use these for walking, they are very comfortable.  Run a little big actually, usually I have to go down 1/2 size in Nike, but these were true to my actual size.", "Got these for my 10 year old daughter.  She loves them. They are very light weight.  Will be buying in different colors in the near future.", "Wrong size an terrible. Fabric. Start peeling da second wk I bought it jus mad but they are cute on line", "my wife loves it. She asked me for a sport shoe, i searched a lot and she is very happy with !!! She loves the cushion and the style !!!", "Very light and comfort.  I love it.", "It fits perfectly and it's very confortable. I'm going to use it to do my next marathon. In my opinion it's the best running shoes at the moment.", "shoe was great until it tore in to a bunch of pieces when i was just walking today with my dog", "17 year old son says they're awesome.  He's using them for training running & power-lifting. Wears a 10.5 and that's what we ordered and fit perfect.  We'll see how long the tread can take his hard working out.", "They were a gift but the feedback i got from my sister is all positive. She loves them. I would recommend these and would buy them again.", "are sandals that seven beautiful photo but the part where the foot comes are way too thick and very large", "Comfortable fit all around. I was sceptic at first, because previos lebron's look bulky. This one hss a sleek look along with it's good performance.", "very good slide , i love it a lot its a lebron james sandal its nice and comfortable , i recommended it", "The sandals seemed bigger than an 8.  I also had trouble with the Velcro coming apart so I decided to send them back.", "They look oversized and ghetto. I don't care. I look cool.They are pretty comfortable, but if your feet get sweaty, it will get slippery and start stinking.", "I like it a lot.", "They are great shoes , fit to size as expected. So happy with my purchase. I would recommend this product.", "These shoes are great, they are slip on sneakers which caught me off guard. They are comfy, lightweight and so cute. I get a lot of compliments on them bc of the great color and black soles. I will be buying a second pair soon, that's how much I love them. Also shipping was very fast from this seller.", "I bought 1/2 size larger and this shoe is perfect and very comfortable walking on my treadmill.", "I got half number bigger than I usually wear and still feel to tight. It supposed to be like this but my toes hurt.", "The Quality of these Air Force 1's are better than any other pair I have owned. I'm satisfied with my purchase.", "Ordered an 8.5 (as always) seems like I could have def fit an 8. Not a big enough issue to return-really, a cute sneaker!", "Got them for the hubby- Arrived fast- packaged nice- he loves them- I love them- Fit perfectly and he is a size 12.  Love All KD's", "Im very biased and partial with Nike, so its 5 stars all the time.!!!! Cant wait to hit the open courts again.", "The Nike Men's Solarsoft Moccasin White/Black Training Shoe was a nice surprise. I wasn't expecting them to feel so comfortable. They look good and they give you a little extra room at the toe area and they were a good price. I've only worn them once so I really can't give any opinions on their durability yet. But I'm sure these won't disappoint.", "I normally run in Asics Gel Nimbus 15, but have been on the search for another shoe to switch off with. I think I may have found it in these shoes. Awesome cushioning which is what I need. I ordered mine a half size up for running and to be able to insert a custom orthotic and they are perfect. If you don't need them for either of those, they run true to size. Shoes have great support as well.", "My husband really loves these. The fit is a bit small but he can still wear them easily. Fast shipping.", "Great shoes. Great fit and great price!", "I love it. very great product, Now I can carry my equipment for tennis or when going to the gym. Shipping was very fast. I recommend this duffel bag it is very well made and good mark.", "Great kicks but the price should of being $120. love the color and can find anything to go with it.", "I Love them so much my little guy wants a pair of those shoes I want to wear them all the time", "Sold out everyone and they had it in my size!! Came to my house BRAND NEW!!! My favorite Jordans ever!!", "good shoe very comfortable", "I'm early 30's, 170lbs and fairly active. I have narrow feet and I use these for Zumba 3 times a week and long walks in between. I usually wear Nike Shocks or Asics as they provide a lot of cushion.These shoes do NOT provide a lot of cushion/shock. When I first tried them on, I thought I wouldn't like them, BUT they have phenomenal arch support, WAY more than any other shoe I have ever worn, it's super high arch. Great for me, but for someone who doesn't have a high arch I could see it being highly uncomfortable.For me they are comfortable. They hold your foot snugly, fit true to size. I always wear a 9.5 and the 9.5 is perfect. Getting used to the high arch took maybe an hour and after that I hardly notice.They are very cute and pretty precisely as shown, style and color...very cute, but they do have more of a rounded toe unlike the familiar point with some other athletic shoes. Nothing bad about it, just an fyi...They could be softer, but for the price and the style I'm happy. Someone with regular width feet and a lower arch wouldn't be as happy...watch out for that!", "Most comfortable running shoes I've ever worn!  Fits my foot perfect!I have narrow feet - and these are great!", "I have multiple foot problems; heel spurs, arthritis, etc and these shoes feel so good on my feet and are so strong and offergreat support. Great fit, color and stylish!", "The shoes were a  bit expensive but worth buying.  In the future I hope they drop in price to buy some another set.", "Love this shoes. They fit perfectly and are comfortable throughout my workouts. I like the wide sole around the heel and the slightly elevated heel. Great stability for lunges and squats.", "Shoe fit great was worth the wait to get them versus standing in line for them at the retail stores and the seller was excellent also", "These are so incredibly fake it's funny. Check the logo on the tongue,fuse, flywire, it is all off. Dont buy this shoe!!", "I love KDs! They are light, clean easy, and affordable. These glow in the dark and helped channel my inner child.", "I took these out of the box, put them on my feet and spent five hours walking around a fair. There was virtually no break-in, they are comfy and a perfect weight (and they LOOK GREAT!). The traction is great as well. I am normally a 6.5, but that size was out so I took a chance with the 7 and they're prefect with a bit of ease and room.Definitely recommended!", "Too long and narrow, don't like them.now I iwn a pair of $130. Shoes that I won't wear:(", "Love it color and design very comfortable shoe I'll recommend to a friend to go buy a pair this is a Dc tradition", "Fits great & no one but me has Em in school so I have &#34;shoe game&#34; is what people say", "My right shoe was tight on my big toe and the inner sock rubbed against my ankle.  It was uncomfortable.  I normally wear a 9.5, my next pair will be a 10.", "It's a nice product and comfortable, but a little beat small, I wear it in the UK people want to cut my feet off with their eyes every were I go.", "This shoe was a birthday gift for my son. They are his favorite pair of shoes. We knew they ran small so we ordered a 1/2 size larger than his actual size for a perfect fit.  I indicated that the product fit somewhat small so others would know this.  Great shipping as always, great price for this premium shoe.", "I copped these the week of the release. They're definitely a sleeper shoe. How do I know? I almost slept. LOL! One of the best looking colorways to come out in the foams in a while.The volt really sets these off, and the subtle camo is really sick. These look great on feet, and I didn't have a break-in period like most foams. (great fit) My suggestion, cop 'em while they're still on shelves. They may just end up classics like the Dirty Coppers, Royals, or Crimsons. Hope this helped.", "There Jordans. If you have Jordans thats all i have to say. Jordans are always a pleasure to wear. Great support and comfort.", "I bought this for my birthday present, but when I first got this product, the box and swingman logo look little awkward than usual NIKE kicks.", "somewhat wider than I expected. I ordered 6M (always order this size) and it fits slightly wider, on the bottom it says W6 so not sure if they sent the wrong size...but it's not that big of a deal, can still wear them and they are indeed very soft and very comfortable.", "Arrived when expected- Packaged nice- Fits perfect and hubby wears size 12!!  He loves them- I love them!! Love all KD!! Would defiantly recommend to a friend the show & seller!!", "Very nice and appealing shoe; son loves these kd's although size is too big!!! Would recommend brand and design to others however.", "The shoes fit perfect... My son who is 12 was very excited to finally get them...we love the colors!!! Got the shoes before the expected delivery date..yay!!!!", "I wear these shoes everyday and so far I'm loving it. It's the most comfortable shoe I've ever worn and will be my main shoe for a long time", "I love this first sneakerboot i bought. Very comfortable, didnt have to break them in. The color is unique and high quality. I will buy more forsure.", "And saw these....These are the ugliest shoes I've ever seen.  I look forward to a review from anyone insane enough to actuall buy them.", "Had to buy another pair cause someone stole the original pair, investigation still pending but i'm pretty sure one of my nephews lifted them from the garage. Air max 90s are Air max 90s. People know what they are getting and why they get them, i just love the all greys.", "The shoe fit well and the width was good, but there was not enough cushion or arch support for an underpronator.  My foot felt as though it was slipping towards the center of the shoe while I was walking and my big toe rubbed against the inside toe box.  Unfortunately I won't be able to keep them as it's hard to find a wide shoe with decent style.  I think it would be better suited for someone with a more neutral/normal pronation.", "This shoe fits like a glove. It's a little'heavy' - I've been wearing mostly Ike frees lately. But this shoe is a thing of beauty.", "I bought these and they are awesome.  Extremely comfortable and lots of support and the icing on the cake is they look phenomenal.  These are some of the coolest shoes I've ever owned.", "Love this shoe!!....fits & feels great....my husband will only let me buy him this style shoe...he's got about 11 pairs just all different colors....", "My son loved these shoes.  They were exactly what he wanted. They were very similar to another pair he had and grew out of.", "Got my sneaker today, bought it on 10th Apr , expected delivery sometime in May 14 but I got it today.Delivery happened like within a week all the way from US to Singapore. AMAZON AKA AMAZING!Would like to thank shoezoo and amazon for the early delivery arrangement.True to size....design and color is exactly as describe in amazon too.Comfort is beyond description.Worth the purchase! speechless speechless speechless....love it so much!Will keep a look out again.", "I bought these because they got good reviews from others and I wanted something light. So far I am happy with the design and fit. I haven't worn them enough yet to know for sure but they seem comfy right out of the box. The seller was great, got them the next day even though it said 5-7 days.", "Here is my youtube review on this. http://youtu.be/RRY7NGxtS5AThe shoe is designed to wear without socks. I wear them with socks so I ordered my usual size 7. If you plan to wear them without socks I would recommend 1/2 size smaller. They are really comfy! The insole comes out so you can clean it. The material is nice and breathable! They look amazing on too! I would buy these again and again!", "Light and breathable. I've both ran and done crossfit in them and they are a great shoe for either activity.", "these are very comfortable, reminds me of the first prestos. Even got complimented at the nike outlet on them. cool!!!", "These are fake. Do not buy these shoes. This is a scam, I can tell if my shoes are real or fake and these are a copy of the real Roshe Runs! Scams and fakes for these are coming out everywhere now... DO. NOT. BUY!!", "love it really nice n fit perfect.... adjustable to fit the size 11 fit better than the 10 i bought.", "I love Nike shoes especially Air Force 1.... The colors in these shoes make them fun to wear with almost any color outfit!  And they fit perfectly.  Super comfy and always a great product from Nike.", "Very good", "Got what I wanted just like the ad said it would be. They should ship ups not regular mail had to go to the post office to pick it up", "I was an air max LTD guy for years,  because of the comfort level and the fact the look great with anything.I bought these because of the many reviews out there, stating how great these are, and the fact that nike only makes ugly and I mean ugly LTDs no a days.  These exceeded my expectations by a long shot,  the comfort level is better than any Ltd or runner I have owned in my life.  I will order another pair!They are pricey but they are seriously worth every penny...Buy them you will Thank me.", "I ordered these becuase I also have them in another color. In short they are slick and very comfortable. Thanks!", "I wear a woman's 7.5, I bought a kids 5.5 it was tight at first but it stretched out. I get compliments on this shoe all the time, as expected. In hind sight, nextime I would go for 6.5 if I want to put my insoles in.", "All ok", "Shoes were exactly as described. .great solid shoes! Size seams to run small..check your size and adjust accordinglyBut well worth it", "I wear a size 11 in every other brand as well as Nike. Unfortunately, these were to big. I have ordered the 10.5 - hopefully, they will fit.", "I love love love the Nike Flex Motion Womens Thong Sandals.  I got mine in Turquoise and they are simply stylin'!  It pays to shop around for best price.  I love the Flex Motion so much, I think I will try some of their other sandals.  I love Nike shoes but this is the first sandal I've tried.  I've even used the Nike website to customize your own shoe the way you want it.  Nike is so innovative.  Just Do It!", "Made from real surf skin, these bad boys are the real deal! Gargamel loves the squishiness as he shims along the forest canvas.", "Bought these for my son, because they actually match his high-school colors.He loves them, says they are really cool.It also turned out that his friends say these are pretty rare, and everyone likes them !", "I love these shoes and was sad to learn that  they will no longer.be available.  I bought Pegasus 30 but fit was small and uncomfortable so they went back.  May have to look for another brand.", "Great shoes. Give them a couple days to break in, fitting like a glove now. Now I need some in every color.", "These shoes are very good quality and super cool looking.  I bought them for my son because he got a hole in his New Balance shoes (also a size two).  I just ordered the same size, but these were considerably larger.  Not sure which brand is off since they are both size two, but different.  Anyway, the shoes were great, but they were too large.", "My second pair,is a good as the first, very comforting to be able to stick with this style since I work in them on a cement floor. Let's just call them foot candy&#34;", "These shoes are a size and a half too small.  My husband always wears a 13 and we ordered these in a 13.  He could hardly even get them on.  Way too small.", "nice!  I'm kind of a sneaker freaker, love Nike and was really happy with my recent purchase of these Lunar Forever 3 shoes.  These guys fit true to size.  They're not as lightweight as some of the Nike Free models, but still not super heavy.  I wear mine to the gym, out to the soccer fields and just kind of around, so I can't comment on how they would hold up as running shoes.  They do seem very sturdy and well made though.My only negative is that they seem very well padded, maybe more than I would like.  Just a personal preference of mine, and worth noting if you're wearing these with socks like I assume most people are.I got the platinum/venom green/blue pair which are really cool looking.  I would definitely consider getting another pair of these!", "Color is a bit misleading.. It's more of...pink", "I bought a pair of these Lunar Forever's last week, and one of the nylon loops that the shoe lace threads through broke the first day I wore the shoes.  Look closely at the photograph of the shoe and you'll see four nylon loops on each side of the shoe that the shoe lace threads through.  Which ever way these loops are secured (sewn?) to the inside of the shoe, they're lame, especially a shoe that's ~$80.  I'm going to avoid this kind of design in the future, but I like the Nike Lunarlon series, so I'm looking at the LunarGlide 5's.", "I am somewhat upset with myself for buying these shoes.  I never buy low top basketball shoes, but I liked the way they looked.  Totally my fault.  They fit ok, but the support around the heel really digs into the outside of my foot and causes pain to shoot up my entire calf.  Plus, since they are low top you have zero ankle support....which is extremely important in basketball.  The bottom of the shoe offers little traction on indoor basketball courts and the material the shoe is made out of really prohibits you from breaking them in properly.  It's almost as if they are like brand new shoes every time you wear them.  Bottom line...they are visually appealing but that's about it.  I wouldn't recommend these at all if you are a serious basketball player.", "I love these shoes I only got then because of the blue diamonds but I love them even more. Amazing shoes", "I normally wear a 8.5 in men but they only had a 9 so I got them anyway..glad I did. .I luv nd have received a lot of compliments on them but I wldve gave 5 stars if they didn't rub the back of my ankle ..so wear high socks if purchasing these", "This is my second pair of footscapes I love them, if you want to get noticed wear a pair of these most people have never seen them before, I'm going to start collecting them now.", "If you are looking for a light set of cleats these are the way to go. I'm not a huge fan of the really low ankle cuts but thats how a long of the cleats are these days. As far as quality though, they are good. However, because these cleats are so light in terms of color (not weight), they get dirty really fast if you play on turf. If that's a huge problem for you, I would recommend getting darker colored cleats. Otherwise these are a good buy. Other caveat though: you might find these cleats cheaper or on sale on sites like sports authority so do your research to find the best price.", "I bought these shoes specifically for lifting weights (squats, deadlifts, etc) and cross training like the elliptical or bike I do on weights days. They're perfect for that purpose. They're very thin and allow you to feel the floor and put all your force into lifting (unlike my running shoes, which are very padded and absorb some of the force). These are great for cross training and lifting but if you're doing a lot of high-impact activity they probably won't have enough padding.", "These sneakers are so cute and very lightweight. I really like the color combo and pattern. Happy with my purchase!", "perfect great quality", "I purchased these as a gift for my nephew. He loves them. He wears them all the time, ALL THE TIME!!!!", "I love vomero. I've been using from 6 to 7. This new style is so comfy much better than 7 and 6. I have high arches and I tend underpronate. I wear them with my custom orthotics and without them. The color looks so great and modern.", "I was looking for something social to my Nike Moto 9's and everyone was recommending these. I tried them on at a certain sporting goods store and immediately liked them. It was only a matter of finding the right color.", "Great shoes with great cushions and offer a light weight glove like feel that really makes the run more enjoyable", "Good shoe, arrived on time and as expected.  Great improvement over previous years Vomero's.  Did not like the other color choices, wish there were more options.", "If you are a man, who walks heel to toe (that is, you're a heel walker), and people have probably complained about it if you lived on the floor above them, GET these shoes.My heels have been in a constant state of pain since my old Vomera's fell apart after two years of hard use and I ended up buying a cheapo brand also made by Nike. Sadly, the problem was still there: my heels were killing me at the end of the day. I couldn't remember the name of the shoes (only the manufacturer) I had bought before, and luckily the tag was still on the inside of the shoe's tongue: Vomera.I got these overnight (thank you Prime) and have been walking pain free ever since. I'm irritated I didn't do this sooner and wasted time and money on the Dart and a different high-end shoemaker. I even got Dr. Scholl's for sore heels. No dice. So if you want to heal your heels, get the Vomera's. These are quite possibly the most comfortable sneakers I have ever worn.I also am a size 10 and got the size 9.5 which fit perfectly, so they do run about a half inch larger. The last thing you want in a shoe is for your foot to be sliding around in them.They also have micro-sheer fabric that allows your feet to breathe. Especially useful on hot days. Not so much in the winter. Either way, they are still my year-round do-everything sneaker. Worth every penny even though they are made in China and probably cost Nike $10 to make. No one will ever accuse a shoemaker of passing on the savings to the consumer.", "I had the vomero 7 and when I needed new ones I thought i would stick with the brand I like.  I now wish I would have found another pair of vomero 7's.  Its sad that a good shoe is not good anymore", "I imagine clouds must only be slightly more comfortable. Fit was perfect and seriously, these shoes are super comfortable, and supportive. I under pronate a lot and these have been great for giving me that extra support while being cushy. Buy them!", "Fits perfect like my previous Vomero 8, the trick is always get it half a size more than normal shoes...", "When you put this shoe on for the first time. You can tell that a lot of technology was put into building this shoe. Very comfortable. I have severe plantar fasciitis, which is very painful. This shoe has done wonders for me. I can now go back to doing low cardio workouts and walking. It may be pricey for some, but it is well worth the money if you are searching for a nice style shoe with comfort.", "I wore this shoe for the lst time today and there's no break-in time. It's so comfortable for walking miles and miles and miles. It fits like a glove with cushioning for comfort as well as a lug-type bottom for rocky terrain.  My fave shoe was Nike Kyotee trail shoe which they don't make anymore but this is a great find to replace it!I wear a 7m and this fit true to size.", "This shoes are not originals this is bad because i pay a lot for this product they send me the shoes in a plastic bag...", "Love these shoes! The recommendation was to size up by half a size, so I did and they fit perfect.", "Shoes are very comfortable and although I didn't think they would be supportive, they definitely are.  Great shoe for cross training and light running.", "I want them in mor&eacute; colors, they are so soft and confi, they look exactly like the picture. Really nice i am very happy", "Great fit, great look, and very comfortable! This was my first pair of fly knits and since I have a pretty healthy shoe addiction, I'm sure I'll be getting them in many colors. :) Love these shoes!", "These are great! They are meant to be worn without socks but I still wear those footie socks because I don't want my feet to stink. They run small-I usually wear a size 9 and had to get a 9.5 (another Free 5.0+ style I had to get a 10)! I love the way they look also.", "A small problem with the seams on the inside top. But in general are good. Pair should come from the same original extra laces color.", "My son picked this item for him self and he loves them!!!", "Love these  - So comfortable - bought this pair and the Infrareds!  Was looking for a replacement of the Raptor 7's I wore years ago", "Everything I was expecting. Authentic and brand new. Very impressed, except it was too big. Other size 9 fits perfect except this one", "Nice shoes", "Shame on you for selling these for $155. These retail for 89.99. It might be a good shoe I dont know, but this is price gouging.", "This product deserves 5 stars, shoes were great just as I expected. They are great for running.  The item arrivedfast and boxed perfectly.  I will purchase this way again.  It was better than driving to the store and parking the carand walking into a crowded mall!  This type of sneaker is very hard to find Im glad I found these.5 stars!!!!", "Going right back! First the shoe is bright orange, not pink!  Runs small and when u put the shoe on it is like a sock, too tight around your ankle. I ordered a half size up, and like I said to tight. Don't waste your time with this one.", "yeah", "I BOUGHT THE SHOE IT BEING ALL BLACK ON THE TOP AND IT CAME WITH WHITE BAND ON THE BACK END ATE DOING COVERAGE OF THIS BLACK AND HAS NOTHING THERE WITH COLOR CHOICE MODEL OF SHOES, THE COLOR THAT I BOUGHT CAME WRONG .", "excellent build, offers good stability of foot, nice cushioning", "Shoes seemed high quality but didn't fit my wide feet. Research suggested they were good for wide feet, but not so much mine. Hurt my feet more than any shoe I can recall.", "Purchase this as a gift, they loved the colors, all day comfortable fit and worth the money. This would be a great for your significant other, teenage son, young and old alike.", "very nice, better than expected, super good size, very good supplier", "Great shoes..comfortable and fit to size. I used to have an And1 shoes with low cut no ankle support for 10 years. Had to wear an ankle support every time I play basketball. Now with its support and design, I don't have to. Position as a small and power forward, its comfortable to run with and jump for rebounds. The only thing that i had an issue with was with the heel section. Heel tends to hurt after a couple of games. Since the shoes is still new, I guess, need to break in first after a couple of games. Overall, a great shoe just needs break in..", "Im very happy with this shoe. It was authentic, fits true to size, and is made with high quality materials in my opinion.", "These aren't her favorite because they are black. but black goes with everything her other shoes are the nike flip flops but they are a size 11 and almost to small. I guess she can wear them the rest of this summer if not I will get her another pair of nike flip flops the pink and black ones.  Her favorite color is pink", "Bought these for my son and it was worth the money, he loves them perfect fit with just a lil space for him to grown into. Now I need a pair lol", "Sexy fits perfect looks just like pic comfy", "Narrow fit.", "All my life ive worn a size 7 (AUStralia) and i ordered at 7.5 (US) but i think to fit perfectly with socks id need an 8 (US)  possibly 8.5 (US) for winter socks...Its a snug fit, gotta wear those stockings socklets, socks would be too thick and then theyd be tight.I will be ordering another pair (diff colour) from these guys soon just this time ill go for a US 8 or 8.5.", "I really like these shoes but they definitely run small. I have medium width feet & am true to size 10. These are a little narrow and have very little room at the toe. After stretching they may fit more comfortably.", "Every thing was good,  from the date they said I may receive it ,to how it look and it fit well with length with two exception.The width was a slight squeeze at first but  after wearing it for an hour I got a eased up. The second was in the left shoe only where the tongue was stich with a bump on the inside which rubs on my instep everytime my toes bend in walking so after am hour or more I start to feel the pain in that spot . other than that every thing else was good just hope after a few more days wearing it for days that problem should stop.  If not I just have to pull out the inner soul to get room at the top.", "Great comfortable Shoes !!!! Would recomend them to anyone looking for a great pair of shoes...Plus I will be buying more ,,,", "My husband loves them.  Great shoe.  Fits perfectly and the price is so great compared to buying them in a store.", "I own several pair and have purchased this shoe for more than 10 years.", "I really like my shoes. These look nice and fit well. I would and expect to order again..", "If your looking for a great workout shoe or something just to wear and feel comfortable on tour feet , then this is the shoe for you. I've had this pair of shoes for 3 weeks now and I love them. I'm going to buy myself another pair very soon.", "Good product air max is awesome!!!", "Good fit, very comfortable!", "Love them", "Love these- the fit is perfect and they are so comfortable. Nike+ comes through for me again - no surprises there!", "Feel/Fit:The first thing you notice with these is how great they feel when you put them on. It feels almost like you are wearing socks. They hug your feet. Everything except for the bottom is made of a knit/mesh type of material which makes these very light weight. The sizes are a bit weird, normally I wear a size 10.5 to 11 but with these I needed an 11.5. Unlike normal (non-barefoot) shoes you don't want extra room, it should fit like a glove.Look/Style:I love the look. They aren't crazy neon colors like most running shoes (although they do come in those colors, I chose the black and grey).Performance:Here is the big word of caution. These are &#34;barefoot&#34; style running shoes. For those not familiar that means that the these are closer to the ground with alot less heel in order to mimick barefoot running. Barefoot running is supposedly better for you since when your barefoot you naturally land on your midfoot and when you wear shoes you tend to make you land on your heel. Landing on your heel while running is poor running form. There are other shoes out there that are much more minimalist, and some even have individual toes (vibram), but I was not looking to go THAT minimalist. I usually run 3x per week so i'm not a beginning runner. I also do strength training on legs once a week. After 1 run in these shoes my legs were SORE! Running in these seem to work completely different muscles (or same muscles in a different way?). I didnt feel it during the run but i definitely felt in the next day. Over time as legs get used to it the pain went away.Overall, If your looking for a barefoot running shoe I'd recommend the Nike's to start with before going to something more minimalist. You may even want to consider getting the 5.0's (which have more of a heel than the 3.0 but less than regualr running shoe) before trying the 3.0s.", "Shoes are as expected. Fit well, comfortable no foot or back pain caused by these shoes. Would recommend to a friend", "This shoe runs 1/2 size small.  I learned the hard way with the last pair of shox I bought.  Went up 1/2 size and this pair fits as it should.  Super cute shoe. Love the color combo.", "But I can deal with it", "My husband is a picky shoe guy and really seems to like how they feel and I'm satisfied with how they look.", "Great looking sneakers!", "If your joints need a rest after skating all day, you're not gonna beat these.  Super soft, super comfortable, and it really helps correct your gait after any random ankle rolls.  The upper is really slim and well made.  I'll check back in after a couple months to talk about durability but no problems so far.", "I love these shoes. No question about it, some of the best money I spent on footwear. They did not have black on Amazon, so i opted to buy them in store. Very comfortable (much like the crossfit, I think that is the name of the running shoe?) and has a good amount of support. More comfortable than my Toms actually.Highly recommend if you can score them at a good price, although Nikes will run high.", "I bought these for my shoes for my 63-year old step-dad and he loves them! Says they are super comfortable, fit true to size and are cool. The pattern on the main part of the shoe is really cool too as it's very subtle. These are great shoes and give you the best of both worlds on the sole...Free and Air.Can't go wrong with these!", "Not red kinda a orange is red but the color is amazing ... the bright snd fit perfectly.. just whati wanted... they shipped fast", "These shoes are not red/ crimson. They are neon orange. I need red/ black shoes for work. I have never had to return an item for over 7 years until now. To top it off I have to pay return shipping fees for a poorly described item.", "Just Got the shoes today which is the 19th of July I ordered them 2 days ago, So handling business excellent . The shoes fits true to size very comfortable and light weight. All around good shoe came with original box no dust no dirt .Thanks for the good customer service will recommend you guys .", "I got this for my daughter's bday and they are the cutest thing ever!!! I wish they had these in my size.", "Great shoes and our son believes that they are the most comfortable shoes he has worn. The shoes fit perfectly!", "it's thin material, hardly any padding, not a very comfortable shoe&#8230; kind of a narrow fit&#8230; price doesn't seem to equal quality on this one.", "My Grand-son loved these shoes.", "I love the color, love the fit, love everything about them! Glad I brought the shoes", "dont buy you can go to any shoe store and pay half the price this seller is asking.go to nike.com and save you money only $160.", "Was exactly as I expected. Great support where needed. Very light weight. Colors are perfect. I would recommend these to anyone.", "These are great shoes. This is the 6th pair I have owned and enjoy the support system. I wore them the other day and got more comments than any other Sdfhox Turbo shoe I have owned. The color combination is as good as the quality.", "sizing is always an issue when buying shoes.  every company and shoe is different.  i have wide feet and high arches.  this shoe was marked 12D.  was too narrow and too tight for my arch.  and felt like there was no inner arch support.  if the shoe was available in 12E, it would have been perfect.  comfortable cushioning sole.", "I bought these shoes based strictly on their color.  Being a an Ohio State fan I was looking for shoes that were scarlet and gray in color and these seem to fit the bill.  I was amazed at how comfortable and light they are.  I bought my regular size and they fit perfectly.  All of my friends have given me positive comments and I'm very happy with my purchase.", "I was looking for new running shoes since I've had my nike free runs for 4 years now and honestly these shoes are terrible.They are way too stiff and gave me blisters. Very unhappy especially for the price they are! Already filed for a request to return them.", "Very conformable and fit for purpose", "this shoes are confortable, soft with a low weight, perfect for running or training.", "When I got this, I am rather skeptic about the whole package, although Ive been wearing US 6.5 for Nike, Im rather worried about the cut.When I try it on, the fitting affirmed the cut is slightly bigger than my other Nike pair.I wore it for my zumba class and it give me restriction on my ankle movement. So I stop wearing it for zumba. Then I wore it for my weekly run, alternate it with other pairs which I have.In running, this Lunar90 really give me the miles, ankle support and performance which Ive been looking for. I enjoy my run so much in this shoe.Through the running then I realize how light this shoe is, am almost at the verge of regret but now, Im happy with my Lunar 90.As for the slightly loose cut, I just need to wear thicker sock for comfort.Cheers!", "The Nordstrom website, which is completely sold out of this color, said to order 1/2 size up.  So, I ordered a 7.5.  I'll update y'all when I get them. Nike is pretty much sold out of this color too.", "it was confortable and looks so cool :)", "it is by far the most comfortable running shoe i have worn. It fits well and provided the comfort needed.", "Love this shoe! Most comfortable shoes I have had in a long time! I would recommend them to everyone if I could!", "I absolutely love these shoes - they are comfortable and flexible for my high intensity interval training activities, and also for elliptical use and walking....... I don't typically run so I can't say whether or not they are good for that ( I would guess yes though).  This is the 2nd pair of Nike Free shoes I have ordered through Amazon and I absolutely love them...... I get tons of compliments on them as well from strangers!!  I will definitely order again when I need replacements!", "Nice sneaker, fits tight should have order one size bigger, nice, color is cool and feels great. Nice buy real nice.", "The shoe is great. But the colors are misleading.  The shiny material on the side of the shoe is not black. Its a gray black blend.  And the tan/khaki color is actually white.  Other than that no complaints.  Remember nike runs a full size smaller than normal. Fits like a glove", "Receive it in excellent condition.  Size it perfect.  Everything I expected", "As with all running shoes/Air Max's always order a 1/2 size bigger....for ex. I wear a 10 so i ordered a 10.5 and they fit great. I always get compliments on these kicks wherever i go. The colors are sick on this shoe, you can't go wrong wit these !  Hot and happy with this purchase....thanks !", "I haven't done anything too intense in these. I've just been running and wearing them to the gym. They're pretty comfortable, first tine in a while I've worn a pair of shoes with the airmax bubble on them. I had a pair of the 5.0's before they were stolen from me and these definitely have a better fit. I've been an 11.5 in all  my cleats/workout shoes for 6 years now and these are true to size. My 5.0's were a little too wide. Plus the camo is sick", "It's different, light and great quality. To the laces , material and digital camo print is perfect. I plan to buy another pair in different color.", "The shoes seem fine. As with most Nike products this style runs small. They do not have a tongue so they are snug getting on. The color and appearance are great.", "It fit perfect..The inside of the shoes relax and comfort your, which is the style of shoes I like..", "After having them for well over a month. These shoes are comfortable and stylish at the same time. Arrived on time and have not disappointed.", "I love the shoes, they are light and really flexiable. I wore them yesterday and others love tjust the look but the feel is great. I did order them a half size larger only because i order another shoes and was afraid they will be too small,.", "Fits great looks great", "I have several pairs of AirMax so I decided to get my wife some as well. She tells me that she has gotten more complements off her AirMax then any other expensive heel or boot in her entire life. Great Choice!!!", "Good & nice shoes.. I love it.But the size is too large for me, think I have to buy more one :D", "Love the look and the price.  Fits like a glove.  Very outstanding sneaker.  The colors just pop and are vivid.  Will buy more colors.", "Shoe feels fake very bad quality :( I walk n it makes like a weird plastic noise if that makes sense I rather pay for quality real shoes . P.s one of the tongues of the shoes is way longer then the other :(", "all ok. excellent.", "Very comfortable shoe, great fitting, and very light weight", "Very, very, very well. I Liked it!", "Reminds me of the old Bo Jackson Cross Trainers!!! I love them and will probably be getting another pair in the future!", "They fit like a glove and need no peds with them. I get compliments every wear I go! I walked into Lulu Lemon store and the girls went nuts, wanted to know where I got them.....", "I went from an Air Max shoe to these because the air popped in the air max shoe.  Can't believe how comfortable and how well these fit!  Kind of hard to keep clean but they do clean up good.  Seem to match everything!  Very cool, comfortable shoe!", "Highly recommended.. This was my first online shoe purchase and I got what I expected.Thank you,Good thoughtsDrew 'N' Me", "MY SNEAKERS JUST ARRIVED&#8230;THEY LOOK GREAT. THE FIT IS A BIT SNUG BECAUSE THEY ARE A BIT NARROW. I REMOVED THE CUSHIONED INSOLE AND IT ALLOWS A LITTLE MORE WIGGLE ROOM. THIS IS NOT A PROBLEM FOR ME BECAUSE I LIVE IN FLORIDA AND DON'T LIKE TO WEAR SOCKS AND I LIKE THE FEELING OF WALKING BAREFOOT. AS WITH ALL MY NIKES&#8230;AFTER A FEW WEEKS OF WEARING THEM WITHOUT THE INSOLE THEY GET NICE AND STRETCHED OUT AND WHEN I PUT THE INSOLES BACK IN THE FIT IS PERFECT! THE COLORS ARE A SPOT ON MATCH&#8230;LOVE 'EM &#60;3", "I have been a fan of Nike Air Force 1's for a very long time and I finally found a place where I can get several pairs. They ship very fast and the shoes are clean and new as advertised. Definitely a great Amazon vendor!", "These shoes are exactly as described. They came sooner than expected in perfect packaging. They get four stars though because they were 70.00 more then the price in Finish Line and other stores that carry this shoe, however I couldn't find this color in stores.", "Son loved these shoes. He received them in such a timely manner. Thank you so much!", "beautiful sneaker,fits as expected.My son is loving every moment of wearing this sneaker.", "Hot running shoe, I really like the color and fit.  I would probably get another pair.  Offers very good support", "The box was smashed, taped up with masking tape and full of bird shit but the shoes were good", "size 12 more like size 10", "Every thing was great, ,, the size was fit excellent colour and very comfortable .", "These shoes fit well, my son likes the color.", "just trust me, i am a big fan of shoes and I can tell you this is a KD (keven Durrant) elite 6 with new air max technology with a real signature at the front. Recommended for purchase.  WORTH THE PRICE", "it s owesome. the price is to much for me", "Excellent shoe! It's just what I was looking for!  I've been trying to get these shoes for a while, and I managed to get them 2 days before my birthday!", "JORDAN RETRO 11 s.... THIS SHOE SPEAKS FOR ITSELF ..THEY ARE  CLASSIC, STYLISH  AND , ELEGANT...AS A RELATIVE OF &#34;THE SPACE JAMS&#34; THESE LOW TOPSARE IN A CLASS BY THEMSELVES....A COLLECTORS ... MUST HAVE", "Cool sneaker worth it", "Very nice!!!!", "I Brought these for my son and he is very happy with them and the free gift that came along with them.  Thank you!  The picture does not show the true vibrant color of these sneakers.  In person they are very nice.", "These things look amazing but they're incredibly narrow. I'm a size 13, and I have a narrow/average foot. I couldn't even fit my foot into the shoe.", "Looks good. Feels good. Fits good. Great Buy...will continue to buy me more slippers from here for sure! Well worth it!!", "Beautiful sneaker boots. Weather resistant is a great touch. Colors are bright and vibrant. Do go up a half size. I wear 8.5 normally needed a 9", "I ordered these and got a size to small other than that perfect great recommended it was my mistake though not the sellers", "The shoes are Great, I never buy Shox due to them being too narrow and I got wide feet. These shoes fit great and feel awesome. They are more orange than red though but it didn't really bother me.", "love it", "They fit perfect and the are really light", "The product was shipped in record speed! I love these sneakers! The look and feel are awesome. I was skeptical when I made the purchase being as though some shoes require a larger or smaller size. I am a size 8 and these fit perfectly. I will definitely look to order again from this seller.", "I like this item but they didn't have my size but they tild me they will alert me when they do"]